3	Over the years I have donated quite a bit of stuff to Goodwill. And from time to time, I also enjoy shopping for bargains there too.  So, I was excited to hear that they were opening a store in Ballantyne.  I finally made it into the store to check things out.  It is a new store, so it is very clean and the facilities are nice.  But suprisingly, this store didn't have a great selection of stuff that interested me.  Maybe they were just picked over when I was there, but I didn't find a single thing that I liked.  However, if you are a parent and looking for bargain back-to-school supplies, they had a good selection  when I was in there the other day. Overall, I have had much better luck over at the store in Matthews.  But, since they are continually getting new donations, I will be back to check things out again next time I am in the mood to go thrifting.
1	I don't know why on earth I keep stopping in here - probably because it's on my way home and a good time-waster while traffic dies down.  I have never been in such a crappy Goodwill; don't be fooled by the "Ballantyne" location - wealthy people tend to not get rid of anything good, and this Goodwill will tell the tale.   You will not believe what Goodwill tries to sell here; things that should have been tossed straight into the garbage - if not by the bozo-donor that thought it should be donated - then at LEAST by the employees rather than putting it on a shelf. When they first opened for business, I stopped in and saw a somewhat-cute porcelain container with a handwritten label "Cornmeal" on it.  I opened it and, no lie, it was full of moldy green/black junk, soggy cornmeal and an odor to wake the dead.  GAG!!!!  Amazingly enough, it was there the next 3 times (over the course of 2 months) that I stopped in.   One time, they had an empty glass bottle on the shelf - a bottle that you can buy in the grocery store that actually contains something -  salad dressing!!    Really??? Today, I saw a "Marie's Salad Dressing" jar for 29 cents.   WHAT'S WITH PEOPLE DONATING STORE-BOUGHT SALAD DRESSING BOTTLES?   More importantly, why do Goodwill employees put it on a shelf??  Also, there was a glass ice bucket with the glass knobs broken off, just begging for someone to cut their fingers on the shards of glass jutting out on either side.  Oh, and they wanted $3.00 for that gem.  Also, an old flower vase with a huge crack down the center.  As I was browsing their books, I heard what was surely an unruly child in the toy section.  Surprisingly, it was an employee tossing things on the shelf without any regard to whether or not the items got broken, or how much noise he was making.  I guess I now know why so many items they try to sell are already broken.
3	Well, it's not perfect, but it is a goodwill.On an errand in ballantyne I noticed this goodwill and thought "oh, why not?". The space was fairly clean, minus the shards of glass from the items one of the employees kept dropping as he restocked. A decent selection of 49 cent records and movies, but the women's accessories were less than exciting. They had a lot of stuff that wasn't out on the floor yet, including a few china sets, so I'll probably pop back in if I'm in the area. I also found an awesome wood handled 60s fondue pot for under $2, but it was amongst piles of complete junk.Not going to drive to ballantyne just to visit this store, but always nice to find a decently clean and uncrowdedn one to shop in.
3	First thing's first - I love thrift shopping.  I have a strong desire to stop into Goodwill and Salvation Army and the Army/Navy store every time I pass one.  I can't help it.  That being said, I've been in a lot of thrift shops.  And this one is... ok.There's nothing really special about this Goodwill.  It's usually pretty clean, and doesn't have that smell that you find in some Goodwill locations.  The employees are friendly and seem like they've put up with a lot of thrift shop crazies.  They have incredible amounts of patience.  I can usually find some nice jeans - even labels like Lucky, Gap, Express, etc.  all in nice condition.  You have your regular Goodwill issues - there is certainly a lot of junk here.  As one yelper said, they sell everything from broken glass to mayo jars.  Some of their furniture is over priced, they had an Ikea table that sells for $1 more brand new from Ikea.  But I did find an art easel once for $10, so its usually worth a look.I enjoyed shopping here and would pop in pretty regularly just to search for treasures, until I stopped in on a Tuesday.  Then I learned that you should NEVER stop here on a Tuesday....Tuesday is seniors 65+ discount day.   Beware.  These cute elderly ladies turn Goodwill shopping into roller derby on Tuesday.  One woman tried to take a jean jacket right out of my hands.  They all have 87 items in their carts, and want every one wrapped individually in paper for the ride home.  And they are genuinely rude and rough when it comes to an item that may have any value.  So good luck, stay safe, and maybe wear some padding if you've got to stop on Tuesday.
3	I've said this before but I'm new to "thrifing". I'm still trying to learn my way around the days to go and how to find the best deals. It's a process. It takes time. Well my girlfriends have mastered this talent and after we had brunch we stopped in to do some shopping. My first thought after I walked the door was that I liked how everything was color coordinated. So I wouldn't have to dig through gobs of stuff just to find the perfect shirt. Instead there was a rack full of same colored items. That's awesome. That being said, everything else was a bit disorganized. Perhaps it was because there were so many people, or that they were restocking and pulling items out of the back whatever the deal...I was just overwhelmed. The good news is that my friends ended up finding some cute dresses and blazers, so that's definitely a win. I left empty handed but I'd come back to check this place out again. I'm hoping for better luck next time.
2	Worst goodwill In south Charlotte!!!  Store is smaller than most. Trashy....always a mess. Employees have nonchalant attitude.
