5	I can't believe there aren't any reviews on here for Dr. Chamian. I've historically had a hard time finding doctors I like. They can treat you like you can't possibly know about your own health issues (not that I don't totally value a doctor's knowledge and experience, but I mean, hello, the internet is a bastion of information); they can get defensive or condescending if you try to self-advocate and actually contribute to your health care decisions, and they can be poor listeners who make diagnoses hastily so they can get to the next patient.That said, I have been so impressed with the quality of medical care I've received in Henderson, and seeing Dr. Francesca was my first really positive experience here. She is an EXCELLENT listener. I have never felt rushed, I feel like she hears my every word and takes my feelings and opinions into consideration, and she is actively compassionate. She treats without ego, seeing the patient as a whole person who knows their own body better than anyone else. I feel like we have a partnership in the treatment of my ongoing health issues, and that is very important to me. It helps that she is knowledgeable about the issues I'm dealing with, and when needed, has referred me to a specialist when she felt like further consultation was necessary. I have always been treated with respect and affirmation at this clinic, and have always received excellent service- no long waits, no weird insurance issues, no having to make an appointment three months out.FYI, the name of her clinic is Chamian Medical Group. I also saw her husband (Dr. Noel Chamian) at the same practice when I had one of this year's horrible viruses. I was also super impressed with him. He really worked with me to find the right medications based on previous experience, current meds, and what my insurance covered. I actually stopped in the middle of the exam to tell him how much I thought his and his wife's practice rocked!Highly recommended!!
5	My doctor is better than your doctor!!! If there was a bumper sticker that said that I would totally rock that!I've been seeing Dr Franseca Chamian for almost 5 years and I'm proud to say that she is my doctor!  Ive followed her to her new office which is actually named Chamian Medical Group. (her and her husband) I have not worked with her husband but i have heard good things about him also.  She is by far the only doctor that I have felt really cared about my health and also cared for me as a person. I have not thought of changing doctors ever since I met her.  She has an abundance of knowledge and she knows her stuff.  When she speaks she means it.  She doesn't do what some other doctors do such as give you a quick explanation and send you off.  She always explains the results and reasoning behind her decision of treatment.  If she notices something that she is not an expert in she will recommend you to a specialist without hesitation.  I've been to too many doctors that have too much pride to say their diagnosis is always correct.She is passionate about her job and is one of the few doctors that will sit and chat with you.  She remembers a lot of our conversations in the past and always ask how my family is doing.  I have referred her to everyone I speak with because she is really that good of a doctor!!!  Her office staff are nice people also! The building is very organized and I have not had any problems of insurance issues or long waits.  They are on it!What are you waiting for? Make the switch now!
1	This office has good reviews and I don't know why. I saw the male Dr here, Dr Noel. My new patient appointment lasted about 3 minutes after waiting 2 hours past my appointment time in a tiny, hot, very full waiting room, and consisted of him cutting me off and not letting me talk. He looked at the meds I take and said they were too high and needed to be changed even though he's never seen me before and has never run any lab work. They then billed me for multiple types of new patient office visits that totaled $510.00 for my 3 minute appointment, and never reported the $50.00 I had to pay in office before seeing the Dr to my insurance company (even though I have no co-pay on my insurance). Then charged me a no-show fee for a follow up appointment that was cancelled the day after it was booked. Dr Francesca seems to have some good reviews but I would not recommend this office overall, lots of medical assistants working but they all seem a little lost, overcharging, and expect to wait way beyond your appointment time.
5	Vegas is not known for having great doctors and as a patient,  we should beware and do our research.We found Dr. Chamian through a referral from a highly respected family friend who is also in the medical field. She warned us that Dr. Francesca Chamian may not be accepting new patients, but we gave it a shot anyways. My mother-in-law began seeing Dr. Chamian shortly after she had her open heart surgery and relocated to Vegas. She couldn't stop raving about the excellent care she received there.After my first visit with Dr. Chamian, I understood why she was in such high demand. To explain my experience, imagine you have a favorite aunt who is always happy and likes spending time talking with you...and she happens to be a very thorough and knowledgeable doctor. Dr. Chamian actually listens and doesn't dismiss you or any symptoms you tell her you are experiencing. In fact, she treats you like a concerned family member who should get ----- checked or tells you to see a specialist "just to be safe", unlike most other physicians who try to scoot you out as quick as possible. There is a deep comfort in having her as your doctor. She cares about her patients and her waiting room is always full of us lucky few who have the privilege of seeing her.Her staff is always friendly and jovial and try their best to keep your info up to date. I hear wonderful things from other patients about her husband as well.We're very grateful for Dr. Chamian.
4	Wait times seem to get longer an longer. The time spent with the doctor shorter and shorter.  The doctor is good. I've been a patient for 5yrs. Hate to find someone else. Hum!!!
5	I read Dr. Francesca Chamian's reviews and decided to make an appointment. The reviews were correct. I am so please with her. She spends time with her patients and is very thorough. A great doctor!
