5	Juliet & Angelica are the most organized, nicest wedding planners I've ever met and worked with.  They are so great at communication, which is very important when planning weddings & events!  I have even attended a friend's wedding that Green Orchid Events planned.  It was at a very unique location (Sky Combat Ace airplane hangar).  The decor was so beautiful!  It was hard to believe an entire wedding, food and all, could be pulled off so flawlessly in such a unique location.  Anyone getting married should contact Juliet and have Green Orchid do everything from start to finish for the most memorable event.
5	Juliet is the BOMB!  I am a pretty organized person but she takes it to an entirely different level.  Juliet thought of details that I would never have and she was able to pull so many thing together that our wedding was seamless and FUN.  If you are looking for a full planning, end-to-end or day of coordination, you cannot find anyone better than Green Orchid.
5	I hired Juliet Douglas at Green Orchid Events as a "day-of" wedding coordinator. I planned the wedding myself, which took a year, but Juliet always made herself available to answer any questions I might have and offer referrals and suggestions for local vendors I could use. Then, she and Angelica had the daunting task of taking all my planning and putting it together to make our day "perfect - the way it was in my head." To say the least, they did everything I could have hoped for and more! Our wedding day was perfect and everything went off without a hitch! I COULD NOT have done it without Green Orchid Events! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!
5	Angelica was AMAZING. Not only is she a beautiful person, inside and out, but she is outstanding at what she does. She made planning a wedding so much easier. Everything I envisioned for my special day she made happen. And she did all this while bring pregnant and giving birth!! She was so fun that everytime I met with her it felt like hanging out with a good friend. Whenever I couldn't make a decision I would ask her to decide because I trusted her judgement that much. She put up with my anxiety, indecisiveness, and OCD haha! Basically I love her and she was my wedding savior!!! I wouldn't recommend trusting anyone but her for your wedding day!!
5	I am so happy to have hired Green Orchid Events to help me plan our wedding! Angelica is amazing! She seriously is wedding Wonder Woman. Very organized, responsive, detail oriented, and such a sweet heart. The last few weeks of planning got my stress levels a bit elevated... My nerves and worries were just getting the best of me, but Angelica was always so positive and reassuring. She listens to what you want, what your visions are, gives you options, choices... Planning was so fun with Angelica on board. She even went above and beyond by making my escort cards and table numbers for me as I'm not much of a DIY person AT All! Our wedding day at Westin Lake Las Vegas was perfect! Everything ran smoothly, and it really was the best day of our lives. Thank you so much to Angelica and team at Green Orchid Events for helping us make such wonderful and priceless memories. They are worth every penny! We love you guys!Candice and Aries
