5	We were referred to Phoenix Body Works by our insurance company, and now we know why.  We literally had a fender bender that required a new tail light and bumper.After PBW was finished, our car looked better then when we bought it new.  Chris and Scott provided outstanding customer service.  The technicians did an excellent job as well.  You can tell those guys take pride in their work.  They went above and beyond.  The car was cleaned inside and out, wheels dressed and carpets vacuumed.This is the best customer service I have experienced with a boy shop.    The quality of the work was the best as well.
4	Due to that infamous November hailstorm that did some major damage not only to valley homes but cars too, my car (know to those far and wide as Little Jo) was one of those casualties. I was at work when the hailstorm hit, and because there is no covered parking where I work, Little Jo was dinged pretty good.  Thankfully, my windshields were spared, but my roof had quite a few small dents.At first, I didn't want to deal with it. Little Jo was paid off, and I wasn't sure it was worth the trouble getting her fixed. But, I figured I'd get an estimate and go from there. Since I'm a total girl when it comes to cars, I usually default to my Dad for help with this stuff.  And since Phoenix Body Works is about five minutes from where my parents live, my Dad decided to take Little Jo to them to get an estimate. They e-mailed him the estimate the same day, and I was pretty flabbergasted at the cost.  I really had no idea it would cost sooo much! $4,000 to be exact.  Thank God I have insurance! And, thank God they accepted the estimate and I got my Little Jo all fixed.Overall, my experience with Phoenix Body Works was pretty decent. I did have some issues with them giving me the run around a bit about when Little Jo would be ready, not calling me back with a definitive answer, and having to contact my insurance guy to get the ball rolling on a supplemental quote they needed to finish the job. But, I have to give them a break since they were really swamped with all the hail-damaged cars needing repairs. I think they were pretty overwhelmed with it all and for the most part handled it the best they could.  And, when I was finally able to speak to someone, it was the owner who let me know the 411 on Little Jo and apologized for the delay.When I was finally able to pick up Little Jo, she looked brand spanking new!  They even fixed her headlights, which had been all scratched up over years of wear and tear. Plus, they even attempted to do a little spot painting on some scratches and dings that had peppered Little Jo's body for some time. All in all, I was pleased with their work and fairly happy with their customer service. I'm always looking to help out local businesses and praise those that do a great job, and I think Phoenix Body Works is one of those. If I'm ever in need of bodywork for Little Jo again, I am pretty certain I'll be returning to Phoenix Body Works.
5	These guys are the greatest. Recently I had some damage done to my truck by a car wash.  I did my research and got a few estimates from around the area and these guys struck me as the best place due to how clean and professional they are. I was not wrong and they fixed my truck and then some. It was ready as promised and not only was the problem fixed but, they buffed my whole truck taking out all the little scratches I've accrued through the past couple of years.
5	I cannot begin to say just how intensely pleased I am with the service I received with Chris and Phoenix Body Works. Had body damage on my fender and bumper from a blown tire on the freeway and when I was calling for quotes, everywhere I called was giving me prices way higher than I could manage and most of them offered sub-par customer service.  When we called Phoenix Body Works, Chris gave EXCELLENT feedback on what we were looking at and asked us to email him pictures of my car. He called back later that day just to say he hadn't had a chance to look too deeply at it but to ensure us he would call us the next day. How's that for customer service!!When he finally did send us our quote, he was several hundred dollars cheaper than our next best offer and that was including paint. He had offered the most feedback and advice and the best customer service to that point by far and with the huge price difference, we were sold. When we brought the car in, he also offered an alignment for an additional $65 and warned us that with additional small parts (bolts etc.) our total may come to about $50 more than our original quote and that he would try to get the paint to be as close a match as possible but made no promises. We felt that he was really doing all he could for us and agreed that a mismatching car was better than a non-driveable car so we agreed to the jump in price and resigned to the paint situation.BUT WAIT. When we picked up the car (which was completed very quickly) it looked PERFECT. The paint was a perfect match and even the broken pieces that were only repaired and not replaced looked brand new. You'd never know my car was ever damaged AND our total was even lower than our original quote in spite of the extra work he did. PHENOMENAL! I fully intend to recommend Chris and Phoenix Body Works to everyone I know. He did such an incredible and professional job and gave us unparalleled customer service along the way!
5	All the people here are AWESOME! After i got into a wreck, i visited 5 other locations in the west phoenix valley, but as soon as i got to Phoenix Body Works, i knew it was the place i was looking for. Everyone was super helpful and friendly, they even had the best rate quote! so far ive been here twice, and don't have any complaints. If you need work, go here!! You won't be disappointed!
5	Chris handled my car at Phoenix Body Works and they did a great job.  I needed a front quarter panel and headlight replaced due to an accident and when I got it back it looked brand new; even better than when I dropped it off.  The paint color matched perfectly.  Chris and everyone else in the office was very friendly and answered all of my questions.In addition to the great body work the car had been vaccuumed out for me when I got it back.  What a nice surprise!  They also provided me with a small bottle of touch-up paint in case I got any more paint chips in the future.
5	Thank you Phoenix Body Works!I seem to continuously give these guys more and more work! They are all extremely professional, eager to help, fairly priced and easy to talk with. I will recommended them to everyone I know. If I need help in the future, I know where to go.
5	Chris at Phoeniz body works is great! I live in California was visiting AZ when I was rear ended.  My car was towed to Phoenix body works on Monday and by Wednesday Chris already had sent the estimate to my inurance company he made sure to do so before the 4th of July long holiday weekend.  I really appreciated this becuase being that I live in California I needed this to be expidited.  He kept me informed and always called me back!!!!!  even though my car was a total loss  and repairs were not done.  They still provided exceptional service.  Would highly recommend Phoenix Body works!!!!!Andrea
5	Chris was honest about my needs and did not try to sell me more work than what is necessary to get the results I want. Thanks for the help!
5	My second time here.  The service is professional and stream lined, and most important when working with repair, the quotes are accurate and work is completed in the time frame promised if not before!  Highly recommended!!
5	This guys are great. Took my car in after I heat a washout pretty hard and messed up the under side of my car...not an easy fix. They worked really well with my insurance and me and turned it around it a little more than a week and then looked over and found a battery problem and went out of their way to help fix it and even call autozone to see about changing the battery. Mind u none of this had to do with the damage on my.. won my business and my recommendations to anyone needing auto work. They are straight forward n take care of your car as their own.
5	Phx Body Works was great to deal with. My vehicle was backed into while parked in a parking lot. No major damage, but the back had scratches, dents & broken reflector. I dealt with them over the phone, emailed them insurance adjustment, scheduled drop off and pick up. My husband dealt with them in person. I like that they didn't call and ask to speak to my husband. It was my vehicle and they talked to me.  They fixed it within a couple of days & it looks brand new. I'm very happy with the experience and results. PS- There is a rental car place a block away.  Very convenient.
5	Excellent job!  Originally went to take a friend and was so impressed with that work that I had them do mine.  Will go back and refer friends.  Chris is friendly, professional and thorough. Car looks great!!!!
5	Awesome customer service!! I took my car in with the anticipation of spending $1200-1500 on touching up some body damage/paint. Chris highly recommended not spending the extra money (imagine that) and to just touch up the ares with paint. He proceeded to do the touch up while I was entertained by the wonderful front office gal, Heather, and to my surprise the touch up was completed with NO CHARGE.  GREAT customer service. I am going to take my car back for a clean up and buffing of the rear bumper for a mere $50.  This is exactly what a single woman needs........an honest and trustworthy business.
5	I stopped in here just to get a quote to fix a hefty door ding with some extra door scrapes after leaving a competitor shop that gave terrible customer service (see my review for Service King).  The owner ended up helping me since i had to wait for more than 30 seconds (bonus points for immediate customer service and the owner obviously caring about his business).  I received a fast quote and they told me if I had time they could get it done within 90 minutes.  They lied... It was done in 30 minutes and looked amazing!!! They made it a fast and pleasant experience and my truck looks great.  Thanks Greg!  I will be back.
