4	I had the BLT burger, it was tasty!  The burgers are served alacarte, which was just fine due to the ginormous size of the burger.  It was so large that I had to ditch the bun, which was a beautiful buttery masterpiece.  The grilled onions were perfect, sweet and delicious.  The patty was cooked to a perfect medium rare but was a little to dense for my liking.  They charged me $3 for a coke, a little steep for soda.  The bill came to $14.25 with just a soda and burger, little to much for a burger and soda with no sides.  The room was a bit to dark and the music was blaring, I hurried to finish my burger.  The wait staff was very attentive and not over bearing.  The burger was great but I don't think I'll return just because of the price.  I realize it's North Scottsdale but it's a little ridiculous.
5	Awesome... This best gourmet burger restaurant in Phoenix now opened a location in North Scottsdale.  I had the Sweet & Spicy burger with fries... it was the best.
1	The place suuuuucccckkkss!  Fine, the waitress said she couldn't close my bar tab after checking with the bartender while she was getting our drinks (and she didn't even ask my name to make a good attempt at pretending), fine it was an hour and a half wait to get fries after ordering them, fine the onion rings came out cold after waiting one hour, fine the ham/egg/cheese sandwich came out cold (probably sat at the window for a bit less than an hour), fine the med-rare burger came out med-well, fine when i tried to leave to eat at local bistro they offered to comp my food if I left that I never received (I went back as waitress said food was almost done, my big mistake), fine they comp'd desert I didn't want that came out undercooked and had to  wait again for them to make a second attempt, fine they dropped and shattered a plate on one of the guests at our table... At least we got 25% ($10) off the bill.  Can't wait to go back and flush 3 hours of my life down the drain...awesome!  oh..also the $1 pbr special, fine u lied and not one of the five we ordered was $1... At least food was better than McDonald's, but at least there u get food within an hour that is cooked and they actually charge you the advertised price (granted whether McDonald's is quality food ...well it's a personal choice).  I choose to eat low quality food that will take 2 hours off my life rather than the 3 hours the grind @ greyhawk took off my life.
3	My partner and I approached our first visit with low expectations after reading some early reviews. We were pleasantly surprised, I had the peppercorn buger and my partner had the sweet & spicy burger. We requested that they be cooked medium rare which is difficult to find in a burger in the PHX area. Both burgers were cooked just right. The staff was attentive and there was no delay in getting our food. The fries are nothing special and the noise level inside is a bit loud so we sat outside. The Grind is a work in progress but worth a return trip.
2	Had the Peppercorn burger and thought it was OK.  Daughter had the BLT Burger and thought it was OK.  Wife had a salad and thought it was OK.So, I guess you could say we thought it was OK.  Now, the donuts with the salted butterscotch gooey stuff, that was awesome!The hostess was very nice and our waiter was just fine, it's too bad they didn't have my wife's first choice of wine and our appetizer selection.  Our 2nd app arrived with dinner, but that's OK.  The beer selection is terrible. If you are going to hang your hat on burgers, then you better be able to pair up some good beers with them.Not sure if we'd come back for just OK food, but maybe we will for dessert.
4	First time here and they had great burgers and beer.  They also offer 1/2 off  cocktails on Thursday after 5:00.  All the help was very friendly.
2	This place may have some potential. First the good news. The chicken in the chicken wrap was really good. However, the wrap had no chevre on one side that i split with my wife. I was lucky and got the side with cheese. We got fries with no ketchup. Asked for some ketchup which seemed like a resonable request for fries. After 10 minutes of not getting it my wife went on an expedition to get some. The server came over 2x to tell us about being "triple sat" and he just went on and on to the point it felt like he was having dinner w/us! Beverages never got re-fiiled. After we 1st sat down waited 20 min for someone to greet us so we just ordered right then at which time the mgr advised he would "let our sever know".  10 min later server came over to apologize for not coming over sooner and asked if we wanted to start by ordering drinks.  Manager took small amt off bill however we then didnt have change so had to lv a huge tip just to get out of there.  They have a long way to go!
5	I love this place!  I had lunch on the patio, awesome patio, and had the peppercorn burger... f&ck yeah!
1	Stopped in with party of six, slow service, incorrect orders, overdone burgers, forgot two items, food was auctioned, had to ask for silverware, had to ask for ketchuppatio is niceover pricedskip......
3	The Hubs and I were really excited to hear that The Grind was opening up a new location closer to our house, so we popped in for happy hour a couple Friday's ago.  The place wasn't too crowded, but they were hosting a party on the patio, which looked like fun.  We sat at one of their high-tops and were greeted promptly by our waiter.  We've been to this spot before when it was a different restaurant and noticed not much changed.  The inside is pretty small, but all in all there is a good vibe.Hubs and I shared the wings, the sweet and spicy burger (which we've had before at the other location), and fries/onion rings.  The wings are great.  They are spicy with a unique flavor from the wood grill.  The burger was also tasty - we especially love the candied jalapeno.  I liked the fries (typical), but wasn't crazy about the batter on the onion rings.  Pretty sure we ordered too much food (with the sides)... I probably would have been happier with a dessert instead of sides... oh well!Alas, I am sure we will be back even though it didn't knock our socks off.  There is a pretty good happy hour and definitely appeases a burger craving!
2	Blah ! Blah Blah ! I Really don't understand the hype about this place. There was barely anyone in there.  I ordered the peppercorn burger and can't believe they charge extra for cheese. The service was spot on excellent but the burger itself was a load of disappointment and lack of flavor !On a sidenote, the manager of the restaurant was kind enough to write me and express his apologies for the poor experience. He did mention that they are trying to catch up to the solid reputation that hey have built at their other location in Arcadia. I thought the letter was a very nice touch and I may just give them another try based on that gesture alone.
1	Had heard nothing except rave reviews on this place, so decided to check it out.  BIG MISTAKE!  Over priced for the quality.  Mixed "Vegtables" on menu... not vegtables.  Was a veggie.  And if you have a coal burning oven, why would I get some nasty snap peas!  Grilled peppers, squash, eggplant seems to be a much better idea.  I went in the next day to complain and was spoken to by a bartender who spoke extremely dissrepectful to me and never offered to even get a manager.  This place won't last with a $6 burger at Flemmings that KILLS the quality and experience!  Too bad!
1	So bad.  The food was inedible.  Salad was awful weak dressing mixed greens with bland cheese.   Fries and onion rings mushy.  2 items i wanted both not available.  No veggie patty option.  Service was awesome which is the only reason we did not walk out.  Unpleasant.  Hubby and i have been tummy sick all night.  Bummer.  Really wanted to like it.
4	Update on my review, got a call/ email from manager apologizing, invited me back, offered me a compGreat to see that they take service seriously, I will go back. I don't need or won't use the freebie but will give them a chance based upon the follow up and customer serviceThanks
4	It is too bad that a bad service experience can ruin an entire experience. 50 minutes to get a breakfast sandwich....eggs bacon and ham. Not sure what could possibly take that long. Add cold coffee, a cracked water glass leaving us with a bad experience. The food is great so it's just sad that the owners still have not figured out that service is equally as important as good food. In looking at other reviews I see that we are not alone in our experience.Update on my review: received a message from Brent the general manager acknowledging my review and not making any excuses but inviting mr back. His response alone is enough for me to go back when he is there. Hey we can all have an off day and his not making excuses shows me that he cares and since I love the food I will go back to what I know will be the dining experience to be at the Grind.
1	Burgers overdone. Onion rings under cooked. Kids chicken tenders undercooked. $70+ for lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids, no alcohol and we shared a side of fries & rings. Way too expensive for what you get. We won't be back.
1	This location is horrible!  The Grind off of Camelback is a much better experience.  Quality of food AND customer service.  We will never go back!
5	one of our favorite burger places, dont forget the bread pudding and fries
3	Been back a couple of times since our first "meh" experience and am happy to say that each time the Grind has improved in my book.Last time had the BLT Burger and thought it was very good.  Service was friendly and efficient and have found that they are rotating the beer selection so I am encouraged there will be something new to try on my next visit.  Very happy to see this place coming around as we have been waiting for a good burger joint like this for our neighborhood.  Will still recommend the donuts to anyone who says they don't eat dessert.  They will after trying this one.
1	We have been to The Grind a few times, and found the experience diminish each visit.  On each visit, we have had to wait at least 5 minutes for someone to come to seat us.  The hostess never has a smile, and we feel as though it was an imposition for her to seat us.  But tonight was the worst. There were 6 people waiting at the hostess stand when we arrived, and not a hostess in sight.  We were waiting near 2 people in a small both. They told us not to stay, as they had been waiting over an hour for their burgers.  When the hostess finally came to seat us, I asked if the kitchen was backed up, and would there be a long wait.  She looked at me expressionless and said yes, we are very busy and it will take 45 minutes for your dinner to come out.  There were obvious problems at tables all around the room, and the manager was no where in sight.  Needless to say, we left.  The only reason I will go back one more time, is to use my Groupon that I am very sorry I purchased.
1	I was so excited for The Grind to open down the street from my house. I heard excellent reviews of their Camelback.A huge let down. Not the best burger. The Grind has a high bar to raise with Local Bistro, Tavern Americano, and Cold Beers and Cheese Burgers in the neighborhood, who all have AMAZING food, service, and burgers.The burger was nothing to rave about and the fries were decent. I was not impressed by the menu of options either.I was especially dissatisfied with the staff.The staff:The manager bad mouthed Tavern Americano when they first opened. I found this to be unprofessional and arrogant.The bartender bad mouthed SOL Mexican Cocina after telling her that's where we ate earlier that evening.Not sure what the manager and bartender were going for by bad mouthing other neighborhood restaurants to my friends and I but they definitely lost a few customers that were trying  to give The Grind a second chance.Atmosphere:Not sure what  vibe the owner wants, but besides a new name, staff, and menu... it still looks like the old place, Jasper's Peak. I was told they wanted to appeal to a younger crowd, stay open late, and be the neighborhoods lounge. A neighborhood lounge would be AMAZING! I picture something similar to Merc Bar. A burger lounge, open late, an awesome DJ, great drinks, and great hip crowd.I see lots of potential for improvement all around and hope the pull it together. I love supporting neighborhood restaurants.
1	Come to the area for business on a regular basis and find myself trying as many different restaurants as possible.  Took a group here (mid-week...not particularly busy) and was disappointed all the way around.  It's one thing if the food isn't as good as you would hope or expect but when the service is lacking for no apparent reason, it leaves a doubly bad taste in your mouth.  I'm a proponent of the "fool me twice, shame on me" school but not sure about The Grind.
4	After reading through a few less than complimentary reviews, I was hesitant to give The Grind a try.  I am happy I decided to see for myself - it was very good!First off, our waiter Anthony was friendly and attentive.  He pointed out a few of the more popular menu items and allowed plenty of time for making drink and burger choices.  It was tough, because there were quite a few to choose from that looked tasty. I enjoyed everything I tried - Grilled asparagus starter, which was served with goat cheese and greens.  The asparagus was prepared just the way I like it, a bit crispy.  The goat cheese and citrus dressing on the greens was a nice addition.My mushroom burger (a 10 oz monster!) was a great choice.  The flavor of the beef was complimented by the roasted mushrooms, swiss cheese and arugula.  No sauces or condiments needed with this one!The herbed fries were fresh cut and not too salty, and the portion was perfect for sharing - a nice presentation, too.Last but not least, the warm doughnuts with salted caramel were a sweet finish to the meal.  I only wish the donuts were a bit larger.  Hey, who doesn't want more of a good thing? I definitely plan on visiting The Grind again soon.  There are a few drink specials that are tempting (specialty cocktails 50% off after 5pm on Thursdays!), as well as a side of mac n cheese that is calling my name...
2	Last Friday night, 6:30 PM. Place was busy, but a 2 top was just leaving. The hostess said she would clean it and seat us...Great! Our waiter, ANTHONY, stopped by and said he would be right with us. He came back and got our drink order a few minutes later. We ordered the Kobe burger, BBQ burger, onion rings, and 1/2 & 1/2 fries. We drank and talked and people watched and the we started hearing the complaints all around us..... "Food taking too long, food is cold, not cooked, etc." We looked at our watch and realized that it been 1 solid hour since we ordered! We caught Anthony as he flew by and he apologized, said he would check for us. After delivering another round of drinks plus a few minutes, our food arrived. It was all hot and cooked correctly....BUT, the fries=average, the o rings=below average, the BBQ burger was on the very dry (not moist and juicy) side, the Kobe burger was an OK burger but for $17???? NOT!The Wrapup - the prices are way too high for the quality they are serving (the 1000 degree coal fired oven means nothing if the food is not fabulous when it finally gets to you). Anthony gets 5 stars for service.
4	Although this little spot is only a half mile from my work, I had never noticed it until Groupon ran a special recently.  So glad I found it!Since we had a groupon, we decided to order a few extra things to sample the menu.  We started with the chicken salad.  It was SO good.  Not too much dressing/mayo, and a nice fragrant hint of rosemary with sliced grapes.  It would have only been improved by having a huge hunk of bread on the side.  We shared a bowl of the cheddar bacon potato soup.  It was pretty tasty, but nearly caused 3rd degree burns - it was waaayyyy too hot!  We wished that it had been a little chunkier, and seemed like it would've worked even better as a cheese fondue dip!  Next up was the peppercorn burger, ordered with the addition of bacon and white cheddar, based on the advice of our server, Nicole.  She was an absolute rockstar - she had lots of suggestions and was a great help navigating the menu.  Her advice was spot on - the peppercorn burger was amazing!  Also on her advice, I sampled the Morning After drink (pear vodka, elderflower liqueur, fresh lemon juice, and champagne).  It was spectacular and very, very strong.  Perfection! It was such a great experience, that we will surely return - with or without a groupon in hand!
5	The Grind is one of my favorite burger places so I was excited when they opened on my end of town. I'm obsessed with the sweet and spicy burger... candied jalapenos... such a delicious concept! My date got the kobe burger, which I tried and really enjoyed. Both of our burgers were cooked to order. We shared the mixed fries and each had a drink. I got the blueberry hill - a tasty mix with blueberries and mint.
4	Our first visit and was a good experience at Grayhawk. Sat on the patio which had just a little traffic noise but otherwise a good atmosphere.Started with the wings which were not a typical wing. They are a dry rub but with a little sauce that is not a wing sauce but good. They could have been a little crispier but certainly we moist and very good flavor. Different but good.Shared a burger which was the steakhouse blt. Good thick juicy burger with a hint of smoke. Good flavor, moist, and prepared correctly.Service was great and the doughnut desert was just what I should not have tried because I had two of them they were great!Was I blown away? No...I did enjoy it very much though and would go back.
4	I'm not sure why The Grind is getting such bad reviews. I think this is one of the best places to get a burger in North Scottsdale.Service: Excellent Food: Favorite is the mushroom burger! Sweet and Spicy is also super good, tends to be spicier than sweeter though. You can get any burger protein style which is a healthier alternative, but if you're going to eat a burger, I say eat the whole dang thing. I'm a small girl and I can eat a whole burger easily, so I don't recommend sharing. Salads I've had the asparagus, which is yummy but if you dont't like goat cheese I don't recommend it. Even though the salads are under starters you could eat one as your main meal. Onion rings and herb fries are my fave sides! For dessert you MUST try the warm donuts.....the best in town!Drinks: My husbands drink of choice is the Moscow Mule. I've had the girly cocktails and wasn't impressed. I would stick to the wines. Price: Burger average $11, sides  $5, and drinks around $10.
4	Great burger and the onion rings were fantastic! With a groupon it's even bettter.
5	I loved the Nagales burger! I mean, it was weird, awesome and delicious! I will totally crave that burger!
1	Went to have lunch with my teenage son last week and to say we were disappointed is an understatement. Mediocre burgers, ala carte fries and onion rings and 2 sodas, $50! Outrageous! No wonder the joint was mostly empty. Anyone want to place a bet on how long until this place is shuttered?
4	Let me preface this review by saying: I LOVE burgers. I'm one of those people who would attempt to cross the Sahara desert with no water if I knew the world's greatest burger was my prize. I just moved to the area so naturally I've made it my mission to find a burger that is pure magic. The Grind's Sweet & Spicy burger came in just short.  The candied jalapenos are a genius addition and definitely the highlight of the burger but overall I needed it to have a little more spiiiice. So, would I go again?  Hell yea; the bartender makes a mean drink, the sweet potato fries are bomb, the service is superb, and the burger is...not too shabby!
1	I would like to review the food, but we didn't even get that far.  The table and guest management at The Grind is awful.  This is a small, poorly laid out restaurant that can't handle a moderate crowd. The staff kept saying that it would be 20 minutes for a table, but after 45 minutes waiting out side (it was cool/cold) we gave up.  So did a number of other people waiting.  We won't be back for a while.
1	Food was disappointing and ridiculously overpriced.  The whole restaurant reeked of charcoal/mesquite and not in a good way....we should have known the food was going to taste the same.  And it did. Awful.  I'm all for a burger grilled over hot coals, but when that is ALL you taste on a ridiculously overpriced burger with ala carte sides that you have to pay extra for and you leave smelling of burning mesquite, then that doesn't lend me to wanting to return.  And I won't.  The cheese on the burger was absolutely disgusting, a rubbery smoky nightmare.  Stay away from this place.  Not even service could save this place.  If Jasper's couldn't survive in this spot, this place doesn't even have a chance.
1	The Grind on Hayden is a disappointing facsimile of the Grind in Arcadia. In Arcadia, my experiences with the Sweet and Spicy burger, peppercorn burger, and mesquite wings were extraordinary. In the Hayden Grind this afternoon, mediocrity reigned as the barbeque burger lacked any essence of barbeque sauce, which was overwhelmed by the bland mozzarella cheese. The mesquite wings which Arcadia served plain were cooked less skillfully @ Hayden and covered with some superfluous orange-colored sauce. The onion rings were pretty good. The beer selection in both places is very good. I thought I had scored big when I purchased a groupon for the grind. Apparently, not so much. I'll drive to camelback next time.
4	I had a great sweet n spicy burger. Service was quick and friendly not sure why the reviews are so so......
1	After a long day on the golf course with my Father and Brother we decided to give The Grind a chance. We were craving a burger and shake and wanted to try out this 1000 degree coal burger experience. Unfortunately we never got to the food.We sat down at 6pm on a Saturday with out any problems, there was only 1 other table seated and now I understand why it was so empty. I am not a fan of pretentious places like this really. We are given some weird little folded up paper menus (that were stained with sauce) that when opened up read like I am at a fancy steakhouse. It took me a few seconds to even figure out where the burgers were on there. After looking though 15 or so different burger concoctions I decide on a $12 BBQ burger and realize that I now have to fork over $4 more for some fries. $16 for a burger fries? Wow, it must be good!We all request a shake but our waiter (skinny guy with black moustache and goatee) explains that they don't have vanilla ice cream. He left and got us some waters and then when he came back we point out that there is a Fry's supermarket a few stores down and perhaps they could send one of the 5 other waiters that were sitting at the bar doing absolutely nothing to go get a $3 gallon of vanilla. He rudely explains that they have been going to Fry's for many weeks when they run out and it's too expensive to keep doing it so they were just going to wait until Monday comes along and their regular ice cream is delivered. Wow. All three of us look at each other in disbelief. Did he really just say that? We actually pressed him again about how easy it would be for them to send 1 person to go get ice cream from Fry's so they could make us the shakes that are on their menu and he got even more rude and told us the exact same story again. So because of their inadequate ice cream ordering skills the customer is now banned from ordering a shake  that is on their menu? Is this guy telling me that rather than make at least $80-$90 off the three of us that going down to Frys to spend $3 is going to cause financial problems for the grind? In a business where customer service is so important and it's extremely hard just to get people in the door I am shocked that this server didn't care in the least about making the customer happy. In fact as we voiced our opinion out loud to him and the rest of the staff they pretty much laughed at us and did absolutely nothing to try and repair the situation. All of this because a lazy, smart ass, waiter didn't give two hoots about the business or the customers in it. I would rather go to Wendy's and give them $12 for a Baconator than ever have to deal with that crew of amateurs again. I give this place a few months max before it is gone. Go to 5 guys if you want a hamburger done right, they are adding milk shakes to their menu very soon as well which will make it perfection.I will be sure to let everyone I know how sad this place is.
1	So incredibly disappointing. They are CONSTANTLY out of menu items and beers.  Their service falls miserably short of making up for their poor management.
3	The Grind in Arcadia used to be my favorite burger joint but their service went downhill.  I was hoping this one was better.  It is.  Outdoor seating  - sweet.  The burgers are a little different than Arcadia, bu the menu is the same.
3	This place is ok.  I have been there 3 times.  We went there for dinner the first time (husband, my mom, my baby, and I), and then my husband and I returned there for lunch on 2 other occasions for lunch with our baby.When we came for dinner, we had to wait to get a table even out on the patio because the place is small.  Not a big deal.  We sat at the bar with our baby in his carrier on the floor while we waited and looked over the menu.  The bartender was really nice.   She was personable, told us about how business was going since they just opened within the last few months, etc.When we got to our table, the waiter took our order and brought us our food, but he had no personality.  He tried to run out Visa gift card when it came time to pay, but he told us it wasn't working and we'd have to pay via another method.  That was okay with us until the next day when we tried to use the gift card elsewhere and we were told that the funds were already exhausted.  WHAT!?!?!?  That sucked.  The food had been pretty good which is why we gave them a couple of additional chances.  That and the fact that it's only a couple of miles from our home so it's convenient.  Again, the food was really great, but both times our server didn't really seem to care that we were there.  Kind of gave us an unwelcome feeling.  Hmmm . . .   oh well.  We haven't been back since.  I'd say this place is just average.  No more; no less.
4	One of my favorite burger restaurants in town.  The sweet and spicy burger is awesome.  Cool outdoor patio seating.  Took a large group of friends here for lunch when they were in town visiting and everyone really enjoyed it.  In response to some of the negative reviews, I've always had pretty good service.  I think the prices are in line with DeLuxe and other gourmet burger/sandwich places in town.
5	Really the best burger ever, the coal fired oven really makes the difference.
3	We really have liked the food at the Grind, but we feel the on-again, off-again status of their Scottsdale location leaves a lot to be desired.  We understand that a problem with the fire marshall has caused their menu to be restricted, but why not put a message on your phone updating visitors about what's happening?  Instead, you call and get a message that their voice mail box is full.  Come on guys!  You've got great food and loyal followers like us, but you've got to treat us right or we're going to go elsewhere.  The competition for burgers in Phoenix has heated up, let's make sure you stay at the top of the list!
1	We went to the North Scottsdale location for the first time two weeks ago.  Only a few tables were filled.  We soon found out why.  There was no air conditioning - just fans circulating hot air.  My husband's tap beer arrived warm.  There were no burgers on the menu, which was what we were craving.  The family next to us asked for entrees, first, second & third choices which were unavailable.  We asked for a check, paid for the partially drank warm beer and left.  We will not be giving this restaurant a second chance.
1	We were raving fans until their 1000 oven problems. Then the whole place seems to have taken a very bad turn. Apparently no manager on site. Waiter had to make our drinks. Then remake them with our direction  on how to make what we requested as we stood over him with instructions. Flavors are certainly not what they used to be. I'd watch for this restaurant to close in the not too distant future. Too bad. It was one of the places w great food and we could bring Frankie Baby our doodle dog.
1	Had dinner at The Grind with a friend last evening.  We arrived at 615.  Restaurant was empty and the staff was watching tv at the bar.  Staff were very indifferent to our arrival.  Food was marginal.  Steak BLT burger was ok but meat was not tasty and the bacon was microwave bacon.  Fries were good.  My friend had the Turkey burger which was dry and tasteless  His side order of snap peas never arrived.  Took 20 minutes to get our food.  I think this place is on death watch and will not be open much longer with this poor food quality and poorly trained staff.  Looks like the management is not involved and has given up.  I do not recommend.
5	Best burgers in scottsdale!!! Had the nogales burger.  Wow!!!!   Highly recommendThe service was fantastic. Very friendly. Great atmosphere.  My wife the sweet and spicy burger and she wolfed it down faster than i did.   This place is great
4	I have no idea why this place doesn't have more stars.  I also have no idea why the place wasn't busier when I went with my wife and son on a Friday night.  This location is quieter and more spacious than their Phoenix location, and has the same great food.  Ok fine, the service wasn't perfect but I guess it doesn't have to be with that sweet jalapeno burger.  Like O-M-G so good.  They also have a great Yelp check-in deal that will save you 15% on your bill which is pretty solid.  I can't wait to return.
1	This was not a good choice!  I've seen this place many times and needed to choose between In-n-Out Burger and this place with my 3 kids and wife.  Well...  I decided to try something new.  It was horrible!  The turkey burger and and hamburgers were dry and overcooked.  The server looked like she just got done smoking a bowl.  The doors were open because it's nice out and there was someone smoking outside and was coming into the restaurant.  I highly recommending not ever trying this restaurant.  I would give zero stars if I could....Oh yeah...  The fries were so over salted they were almost not edible.
1	What a disappointment! Cold, unidentifiable, fried things on the plate next to a"lump" of average ground stuff, Stacked nearly 5 inches high to give the impression of large. Very low quality buns. Had to request condiments and were charged extra.C'mon.  9 bucks for half a dozen greasy wings. Really wish it was better. The barmgr. must love his job. He sat at the bar drinking and roamed behind the bar in hisnasty workout clothes and he was off duty. Yuck. Please fix it. We are local.
1	We came here for restaurant week, and won't go back. I had been here before with my wife, buddy and his girlfriend for cocktails. We had a good time, the cocktails were good, albeit on the pricey side, but it was nice. I wanted to come back and show my parent's the burger selection. My goodness, the food was OK, but the service was atrocious. First off, my wife called to reserve a table (we assumed it would be busy... LOL). They left her on hold for 8 minutes without ever coming back to the phone. Should have been our first clue. We sat down and were promptly ignored for a while. Finally, after a while we were able to order, and waited for our drinks, which didn't come. We had to ask again, and they came separately. Mind you, it's not very busy either. The food all came at different times, and like I said, was just ok. Finally, after 2 plus hours, and complaining to the manager, who incidentally pooh poohed our complaints, we got a bill which was wrong. Finally got that corrected, and of course our waiter doesn't even leave us a pen.
1	Terrible service. Wrong order brought to table. "Restaurant Inspections" just gave it 8 defects upon their inspection. Ordered Angus burger tasted like cheap hamburger with gristle.  I do not recommend this place. I would not trust what they are serving you either. Also drinks are watered down, way too much ice.
