2	In my land of residence, Southwestern Reflections would be called "Made in Washington" and similarly contain more items emblazoned with local namesakes than anyone would ever want. While it is among the requirements to properly furnish an airport in a major tourist destination, it instead stands proudly in a shopping village.One might think there would be not much more to say. It certainly boasts the usual kitschy decorations, overpriced Scottsdale T-shirts, overpriced Southwestern T-shirts, slightly punchy novelty cards, and the entire line of Danger Men Cooking merchandise. (I appreciate the idea, but did this brand need its own hot sauce? Really?)However, one piece of merchandise caught my eye and has led me to consider that there may actually be more depth here. Rotating racks contained standard mild attempts at cleverness and retro pop culture clearly made for the masses like Betty Boop and Western-themed license plate-sized decorations.One item stood apart: A plate featuring a stereotypical older Native American with long hair and a rifle, proclaiming "Homeland Security Since 1492."I am still confused as to the intention of this plate in McCain's good ole' Republican Arizona, since to me this is a pretty clear "anti-American" statement of the rightful owners of this country. Is this intended to be ironic? An inside joke / "quality control" issue of a "maverick" employee at the manufacturer? Why is it here? Why has this not offended the standard tourist sensibility?I'd like to give Southwestern Reflections the benefit of the doubt that they intentionally stocked this plate as a minor act of subversion, but that's probably wishful thinking. However, it livened up what could have been a completely drab visit, so I will give them some comedy credit. Otherwise, this store is exactly what you'd expect - if you're actually looking for this kind of thing, you've probably already been to six different gift shops resembling it at the tourist traps in your path, and otherwise, you have no reason to set foot in here besides possibly to marvel as I did.
1	This place leads the list of tourist traps in Old Town Scottsdale.  It has all the massed produced junk you'd expect to find at an airport store - t-shirts, postcards, cactus - with nothing interesting or unique.  Save your time and money.  It's better spent elsewhere in Scottsdale.
5	We had the most wonderful shopping experience at Southwestern Reflections!It was the perfect spot to buy keepsakes for each of our children and that special little something for all of our family members back home!  We bought THE MOST BEAUTIFUL blanket for my son! And, he enjoys it every night...We bought backscratchers, t-shirts, pot holders (that we use everyday), great signs...jewelry, specialty lotion made in Arizona and so much more! It was a one stop shop and we are so grateful we found it! Thanks Southwestern Reflections... see you next time!!!!
5	love, Love, LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Been shopping here for well over 15 years now and always bring any and all of my out-of-town-guests for their *Souvenir* shopping! I will continue to do so as long as their doors are open. And after each and every visit we go to the Sugar Bowl on the corner...
5	This is my absolute favorite place to get AZ-themed stuff.  It is an emporium of well-made, reasonably priced souveneirs.  Over the years, I've bought countless gifts here!  Family and friends have become the proud owners of their mugs, cactus gardens, piggy banks, kokopelli magnets, shot glasses and more!  Bring your out-of-towners for a shopping spree.They have everything from shot glasses to table lamps, with every tee-shirt, key-chain, magent, hot sauce, geode, ornament, toy, bolo tie, etc. goody you can image, in between.  They have everything from the pedestrain to the unique, from the super cheap to the spendy, all in one spot.  If nothing else, you'll have a wonderful time looking at all of it!Last night, we purchased a camo-paterned Dammit doll, which we picked out within two minutes of entering, but we spent an additional twenty just wandering around.
3	Came here while on a road trip cross country for a small souvenir to bring home. This place has all the tourist traps like keychains and tshirts. I did find cute cactus plants that I felt really reminded me of AZ though, so I call my trip here a success.
