5	This used to be a 50s diner that went out of business and now is a FANTASTIC Sushi restaurant. On August 1, 2008 Ginza Sushi now offers all you can eat sushi! $17.95 for lunch and $24.95 for dinner. The first time we went it was on a monday and we had the all you can eat dinner. Super service and equally Super Sushi! Every roll we ordered was just perfect! Nice presentation and super tasty. The Sushi chefs were prompt and know how sushi should be made. Some places you go to the sushi is just tastless and has too much rice, but at Ginza sushi the rolls are just perfect in everyway. A great first time dinner and we were so pleased that we went back for lunch 5 days later! Lunch was just as good as dinner!We were "orphaned" when Sushi Club on Eastern went out of business. Sadly I forced my wife to go to Makinos since we were sushi "homeless".  Now we have found a new sushi home and will never go any place else. I am sure you will agree too.
4	I'm kind of a sushi snob; I usually only frequent Japanese-run sushi restaurants.  I will make an exception anytime for Ginza Sushi.  This place is very nice.The space used to house a 60's-style diner, and it's a pretty awesome experience to order and eat sushi in a diner!The sushi was uniformly good every time I ate there; the all-you-can eat sushi lunch is definitely worth it at $17.95.  I've never been disappointed by it.  The one slightly sour note is the non-sushi menu.  While the katsu-don I ordered was edible, it was drowning in the salty-sweet sauce to the point that it ruined every other flavor in the dish.  All told, this place is on my list to eat at every time I'm in Vegas.
5	This place is great - excellent sushi, unique atmosphere (looks like a diner), and the sushi chefs and waitresses are sooo friendly.  Great choice!
5	Ginza is awesome!!! There are so many all you can eat sushi places but Ginza beats them hands down. Customer service A+++. Sushi freshness A+++!!! My son (16 months old) even LOVES this place! I live on the west side (215 & Durango) & we drive all the way over there weekly b/c we get our Ginza cravings! LOL! Yum!!!
2	I used to have this place as 5 stars, but I have to call them out.  Before, "all you can eat" meant all you can eat.  But here, they put limits on one order of mussels per person, one order of salmon eggs per person, etc. even though you PAY for all you can eat.  I used to love their sushi and the service is still good, but I would like to get what I pay for, especially since we have gone there over a dozen times.
5	The food was not what i expected from this place. AMAZING! This mom n pop sushi place is really comfortable inside and you can't beat the All You Can Eat prices for that kind of quality. I highly recommend!
5	This is by far one of the best sushi places in Vegas.  The price is very good for the quality.  The building use to be a 50s diner so its pretty spacious.  Service was good and my favorite dish was probably the rainbow roll.  Get the AYCE if you go here
4	I live near by Ginza Sushi, and have been wanting to try it. But I have to say the exterior had held me at bay. Well Friday night a friend and I took the plunge!  The sushi was very good. The menu was a little limited on fresh rolls.... I felt..... But everything we ordered was fresh and yummy. I typically do not like to eat "all you can eat" sushi, but I would gladly come here again.
2	This place sucked. Don't get me wrong, the price and portions were very good but the food was not. They use too much mayo in the cali roll, the rice was too mushy, katsu sauce is awful and should be served on the side, salmon doesn't taste fresh. I've tasted way better, Sushi Twister & Momo Sushi are definitely ahead of this place.
5	This place has great food and the best prices that I have found in town on all-you-can-eat.  Highly recommended!  (Only thing is that if you order what they think is too much one of the servers will read you the riot act and threaten to charge you full price if you don't eat it all).  Chill out!  besides that great value.
4	As other have said, good food at a good price. We will return. I especially like the service, and the welcome when you enter.  Everything tasted very fresh
4	I don't even eat sushi, but this place is great. The people are so friendly and the staff is beyond excellent. They always greet my girlfriend by name, and they know what she wants to drink before she orders.My girlfriend says that "Moonshine" is the best sushi maker EVER! (LOL).This place used to be a 50's diner, so it is BEYOND weird that it is now this weird pseudo 50's diner / japanese restaurant hybrid.Bottom-line is that the staff rocks. Were it just for the food, I'd personally give it 3 stars, but the efforts that the owner and his excellent staff put forth are worth the extra star!
5	I want to thank Yelp and all the Yelppers out there for helping me find this WONDERFUL sushi restaurant!  I was in Henderson on business and was looking for some good sushi when I saw that Ginza had some great reviews and they were not lying!  The fish was very fresh and the custom rolls are great (try the volcano roll!)  The staff also made this experience that much more wonderful.  "Moonshine" was very funny but also took the time to explain to me what part of the fish makes the best sushi.  I loved this place so much that I went twice while I was in town for only 3 days.  If you are looking for some great sushi in the Henderson area, look no further!
4	I think I'm developing a thing for restaurants with bad dining rooms but great food.  As has been remarked before, the old five and diner building for a sushi place kept me from walking in for about a year.  Finally succumbing to their late hours of operation, I walked in on impulse and ate at the bar.  Good choice.  The staff at the sushi bar are friendly and funny; definitely buy them a beer if you're having a good time (and don't forget to separately tip them, apart from the server).  The sushi is very good.  I recommend avoiding the booth tables.  I hate them; dark and ugly.
5	Ginza is my home sushi restaurant when I am in Las Vegas. My fiancee and I have been going to their restaurant for about three years (or however long it's been open). They have the best service and amazing sushi. The chef's are awesome. Moon shine and Honda are probably our favorites. They always give us something new to try, even if we don't ask for it. They're great at giving suggestions based on what fish we like. We love this place so much, this is where my fiancee preposed to me. The owner is always on property and very social and makes sure the customers are happy. He helped a lot with the proposal, even when my fiancee walked in an hour before to plan it. Really great place!
2	The all you can eat menu is limited compared to other establishments.  If you like raw fish, this is not the place.  Many cooked rolls with the imitation crab. Ordered the spicy scallop roll and could not find any scallops, only the imitation crab mixture.  The raw fish is sliced very, very thin. The more rolls you order, the more rice they include in the rolls.  Quality of the fish is poor but if you like imitation crab and lots of rice, this is the place.
5	I live on the west side of town and I still make the drive for this place.  The customer service is always great and the food doesn't get any better than this.  I love spicy food and if you're a fan too, then you have to try the Spicy Shrimp Hand Roll.  That is a must order for me when I go there.5 Stars!
1	WORST SUSHI EVER! Just ate lunch here today and I could not finish my food. I am pretty sure the fish had gone bad. Really disappointed because I was looking forward to sushi today. Service was mediocre and there was only one other person in the restaurant. (that should have been a sign on a Saturday) Would not eat here again....now off to let my tummy heal :(
5	Good food, pretty waitresses
5	Possibly the best all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant in the area. The price, unique creations, attentive staff, and unusual building, make Ginza a true foodie experience.
1	Sushi was ho-hum. Just got home from a day in LV and felt the need to warn others about my most unsatisfying experience. The waitress was catering to only one other table and she did not feel the need to check on our meal, serve drinks to the right person, or simply refill any beverages (in 100+ degree weather!!,) Now we are easy going and HUNGRY, this should have been a simple sell. I was very specific on what i wanted to order and she misunderstood me, delivered an extra roll to someone else at the table and then when we realized the issue, she proceeded to argue that I had ordered them both! It was there after that we were ingored and she wasn't willing to admit her mistake and charged us for the extra roll, shame on her she got  and $1 tip. Just over all a BAD experience. Don't waste your time, I should have judged that tin 50's & asian decor mess, by the cover.
1	A friend had been going here for a while and couldn't stop raving about her favorite sushi place.I have pretty low expectations and they failed to meet them.  And it's no longer my friend's favorite place to visit when she goes to Vegas.The food was ok...three stars.There was no one else in the place.The attitude from the younger sushi chef was unbelievable...we should have walked out.  What an a-hole.  The waitresses stood about 2 feet away from us the entire time.  Awkward.My friend who LOVED going here and has brought several people, said she's never going back.Don't waste your time or money.
4	I love Ginza and the idea of a sushi bar in a pseudo dinning car. I mean it makes sense. Japan grew to it's world status by copying American processes and refining, how more Americana can you get than a chrome dining car that failed as a retro 50s diner?Sushi, as I have been lead to believe, is a communal / social endeavor. At Ginza, it is hard to do with the loud Japanese pop music. I prefer my sushi with more soothing music or at least with music at a volume that you can carry on a conversation. Maybe I am the exception and not the norm.I love the food and the service is good and friendly and, as previously mentioned, there is no better place to celebrate a birthday. I recommend you to find out yourself. It is awesome!
2	This place was only okay. DO NOT go during "happy hour" when they are about to close, when things are half off. They are half off for a reason, they taste awful, and I would not be surprised if you get food poisoning from it. Even the soy sauce tasted bad. I went there before not during happy hour also, and it was just alright.
5	Just had lunch at Ginza and as always it was Spectacular!!!  Great sushi, rolls and service.  Price was right also for all you can eat.  Presentation was beautiful.  Will definitely go back for more!!  Recommend it to anyone.
4	Ginza Sushi is a sushi bar that is next to Sweet Tomatoes on the corner of Steph/Warm Springs in Henderson. It looks like a 50s kinda diner from the outside. We've always wanted to try this place and finally did a few friday nights ago. We went with the AYCE Sushi for $25/person. It was really good. Granted we ordered the standard fare rolls which isnt smart if you're eating ayce and the waiter let us know.. he was like??/ why are youordering California Roll, Spicy Tuna roll? you need to order like Volcano roll, baked salmon roll... so u know what? we did.we ordered both  along with phili roll, screaming orgasm roll. I enjoyed the screaming orgasm roll and the baked salmon roll (although the last one is very messy) but I dont think I'd have ordered those if I wasnt on the ayce meal plan. Id def. give this place a try. Its cheaper than sumo sushi but the service @ Sumo & atmosphere was a lot better. If you want to save a buck maybe just order the rolls you really want.
1	I am not sure if I went to Ginza on an off-night, but my experience there was pretty bad.  First of all, I would like to point out that the restaurant itself is a converted Five-and-Diner with an exterior that was made to look like like an old-fashioned soda shop.  Ginza has thrown a gaudy, green neon sign on the chromed-out edifice of the old restaurant.  I would not have stepped in to the place based on looks, but because it was the only sushi restaurant identified on Yelp to be near my location at the time, and because it had a four-star rating, I decided it was worth a shot.I sat at the sushi bar.  The chefs seemed disinterested if not depressed. I am used to sushi chefs who are anxious to make me something, yelling out "What's next?"  At Ginza, they seemed almost intimidated by the customer before them: me.  The food was so-so.  I was disappointed by the portions.  The sushi was sliced so thin I would call it "miserly."  I could understand if I had ordered all-you-can-eat, but I was eating a la cart.One test I have for a sushi restaurant is to see how fresh the mackerel is. Mackerel is a very fishy fish.  I know this.  I feel that if you do not have fresh mackerel you should not have mackerel on your menu.  The mackerel at Ginza was extremely fishy and almost acidic as though it had been cured.  Maybe that is a way to serve this type of fish, but I have never had it that way before and it was unpalatable.    Once again, maybe I was there on an off-night.  The only reason I would go back there is under the confidence of a trusted friend who knows sushi.
2	It must be the economy, but even our favorite sushi place is losing points. I had lunch the other day and had the all you can eat. We all ordered different rolls and they all seemed to have that "surimi" stuff in it (fake crabmeat). THE AWFUL ASPECT IS THAT A ROLL LIKE A SPIDER SHOULD HAVE SOFTSHELL CRAB ALL THE WAY  THROUGH THE ROLL, IN MY CASE IT HAD SOME CRAB LEGS STICKING OUT OF THE END PIECES AND THE INSIDE IS 99% surimi, this is really SAD. The same "game" was played on other rolls too. The fish in nigiri should have a cold temperature to it and all seemed room temp to me. Stop playing that kid music and put some background music a nice Japanese restaurant should have. The waitress? always drops off the plate and says, "enjoy" "enjoy" how robotic. I miss the good old days of Ginza.
3	This place is close by my house so my roommate and I thought we'd give it a try.  We went ahead and got the all you can eat sushi ($25 for Dinner).  I went ahead and tried the screaming orgasm, which is a salad of sorts....this was amazing!!!! (and the only reason this place is getting three stars).  After that we tried multiple rolls and I was honestly disappointed with each one.  They were...meh.  They weren't bad, but they weren't great either.  Any roll that had crab in it didn't really have crab at all, it was the fake crab crap.  I thought that was unacceptable being how pricey this place was if you didn't get the all you can eat.  Anyway, this place was nothing special.  Service was quick but I would much rather spend my money somewhere else.
2	We decided to have dinner here since it's pretty close to where I live.  As we walked into this dark and eerie restaurant, we were greeted by a friendly waitress.  As I am flipping through the menu, my eyes started hurting...the menu has a black background with gold/yellowish font.  Gosh that's terrible on my eyes.  Then as one waitress came to see if we were ready to order after we politely asked to give us a few minutes, another one came and ask the same question.   This occurred a couple of more times throughout our dinner.  My friend ordered the spicy tuna plate and I still cannot decide.  Then each one of them took turn and revisited me to ask if I was ready to order.  My friend added an order of edamame to his order.  I tasted his food to see if I should order..and glad I did because I ended up not ordering anything.  The spicy tuna was eehh, and the edamame was a bit overcooked for my taste.  Needless to say, I am not coming back.  I would rather drive the distance to my favorite AYCE sushi place, ISLAND SUSHI.
1	I went with my boyfriend last week for lunch. I knew this place before because I went 2 times already in the past year. I liked the outside decoration...We ate the all you can eat lunch. I ordered some seaweed salad which was not that fresh in my taste... we ordered the Happy Ending but it was disgusting, too much garlic!Later on that day, my boyfriend and me were not feeling really good...He vomit before going to work. Moreover when I was working at my job that night I had to vomit many times and was really sick...We both understood we had a food poisoning thanks to this restaurant!I am just sad we spent more than $50 on unfresh food...I even called and let them know what happen the following day but they did not care at all!!! Isn't it a good service?!DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT! it is not worth it!
2	I love sushi. No. Really. I love sushi. I have dreams about it. Sometimes I wake up in the morning and wonder if the Japanese mayonnaise they mix with scallops and spread on a California Roll comes in gallons. Sometimes I go to sleep, giddy as a schoolgirl, knowing that the next day I will have a fresh, tender rainbow roll, smothered in Sriracha and wasabi to eat later that day. Yes, sushi makes me that happy.So you can only imagine my disappointment when I went to Ginza today and got a rice ball. Not okay Ginza, not okay.I love sushi because of the fish, the buttery flaky fish and the rich, horrific-for-you mayonnaise that reminds me why I work out six times a week. When you give me a simple roll that has more rice than fish or avocado, I get a little sad. Cue frowning face. Then I get excited because I had the second, 1000 calorie roll, to consume next and alas, the same problem. Way too much rice. It made a normally enjoyable roll too filling, not because of the rich sauce and scallop mixture, but because there was enough rice to feed a small country on the roll. I've also eaten here for AYCE and even though they have a great menu with many choices, the large amount of rice ruins the roll every time. I've only once gotten a roll, the White House roll, that was great and had just the right amount of rice.The service is decent. I've had the same server the two times I've gone there and she had a bit of an attitude when (I promise) I was nothing but friendly and used the manners my parents thankfully taught me when I was a kid. I can definitely ignore mediocre service if the food is worth it, but unfortunately, it isn't. Thumbs down to Ginza for ruining tonight's sushi dream. Thumbs down indeed.
2	I don't know what twilight zone people are living in. The first time I came to Ginza, I thought it was meh. But with so many stars, I thought perhaps I'd overlooked something. So I came back.Are you freakin' kidding me, Yelp?? Seriously? What planet are you 4 and 5 star people living in??The fish was not-so-fresh. Not that it was to the point of being scary...but it didn't have the fresh clean taste of high quality fish either.The rice to fish ratio was vastly in favor of the rice.In a world of limited opportunities to eat out, I can't fathom why anyone would ever eat here.I give it two big MEHs that aren't far from a BLEH.
5	BEST SCREAMING ORGASM EVVVERR! The sushi is unique and yummy. The 50s dinner theme is odd, but staff is friendly. The food keeps me coming back every time I'm in town! Would defiantly recommend!
1	Yesterday we decided to stop in since we were in the area. This location has been many things over the years from a 50's diner, to a wine themed restaurant to Ginza. We were greeted by the the sushi chef as soon as we walked in. He was pretty cool. But thats where service pretty much ended.Our server was this older Asian woman who just didn't seem happy with her job. She greeted us and gave us menus.  She came back a few minutes later to take our order but were weren't quite ready. She kind of scowled at us and walked off. From there, we waited over 10 minutes. When she would walk by, I would try to make eye contact and even raised my hand, but to no avail. Finally she came by and took the order.I had the All you can eat, and my gf had the vegetarian tempura and seaweed salad.The miso soup was tasty. Her seaweed salad was great as well. I had a spicy tuna roll, the red snapper sashimi, octopus, philly roll, and the spider roll. The only stand outs were the red snapper and the octopus. The octopus was very tender. The snapper was very fresh. Everything else was, meh. The softshell crab in the spider roll was obviously frozen, not fresh and very fishy, on the brink of unpleasant.In the end, there are many other places in the area that have much better sushi, service and ambiance. But you live and you learn.,,
3	The sushi was great up until the point where I happened to look over at the cook in the back kitchen spitting in plain view. After seeing that I was done.
2	Its not bad but its the worst Ive had in Henderson. It was late and this was close to my house. If you can go to most any other place on henderson. "I luv Sushi" is my favorite the other reviews are fairly accurate about this place. I wouldnt avoid this place. I just wouldnt seek it out.
4	I used to come here two or three times a month. I usually go to Sushi Mon when I would visit Vegas, but their lunch all-you-can-eat prices were a bargain. The first time I went here, we made chummy-chummy with the owner. Really nice fellow. He hooked it up with the sake and beer. I walked out of the place full and buzzed. When we returned a second time, he totally remember us. The food is good. However, one complaint I have is a lot of the rolls are saucy. I can only eat so much mayo. In summary, 2 stars for the food and 2 stars for the service.
2	We have been eating here off and on for a few years. We used to love this place. What has changed?  The quality seems to have gone down quite a bit. My wife likes saba but the last several times it has been over pickled and under cooked. I can almost say "nothing special here" except for the udon noodles!I really like udon noodles and the tempura udon on the menu here is very good! It has big slices of shiitake mushrooms, rich broth and loads of noodles. It is why we still go to Ginza.
3	I come to Ginza Sushi a lot, mostly because of convenience. I live down the street and so Ginza is always the first option for a quick sushi stop.Most of the time I sit at the bar with whichever friend I decided to bring with me that night and order the Killer Shrimp roll and green tea and fried banana ice cream.If I want All-You-Can-Eat, I usually go to a different sushi place, because Ginza isn't super quality.My favorite thing about Ginza is the music they play. A lot of times when you go into a sushi place, they play irritating American dance music. But usually when I come to Ginza, they're playing Japanese or Korean pop music, which is really fun. This place definitely has the best ambiance from any sushi place I've been to, because most sushi places are too crowded, too loud, or too serious. Ginza is perfect for hanging out with friends.The sushi owner is a really chill guy and all the workers there are really funny and friendly. Most of them know me by name, which is kind of sad, haha.I always return back!
4	Doing this review on Ginza even though they're closed now.  Food and service was great and it was a very family friendly atmosphere.  Their tempura was truly the best in the valley.  Green tea ice cream was also to die for.  Never broke the bank when the wife and I ate there.  Always was only about 40 bucks.  Very disappointed they're closed.  Have to find another main sushi place.  We'll miss Ginza.
