5	I'm not sure I want to share this place...  dark moody lighting, great booths, downtempo beats, and the drink bible.  What more do you need?  The crowd is hit and miss.  Some nights it is totally mellow and other nights it is packed.  But it is always interesting.  Definitely one of my favorite bars in Scottsdale.
5	I make an effort not to give out many five star ratings. This one earned it for me by being an underdog that I couldn't have been more wrong about. First impressions are among the greatest deceivers, and Furio helped illustrate that to me. It backs up to Ra (on the South side) and has what looks to be a very cheesy decor. Get closer and pop inside, however, and you'll see that the vibe is much less cheesy and mainstream than it appears, and much more of a neo-classy Italian joint with flair. It had been recommended to me for dinner but I was still skeptical. We ordered the panzanella salad and I was quickly convinced. Fresh mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes drizzled with a 25 year aged balsalmic vinegar. For less than 10 bucks. I can't describe how perfect this is as an Italian appetizer. After inhaling a spiral pasta with baby shrimp, mushroom caps and a cream sherry sauce I realized this was one of my favorite dinners in a long time. A really long time. I go as often as is excusable now.
4	You can get drunk and get your nails painted.  Huh?It's true, and it happens on Mondays.  For $10, you choose any martini you want.  Then, you drink and chat until it's your turn to get your hands worked on.The chocolate martini I ordered was strong and smooth.  Definitely not watered down...just what the doctor ordered.  Okay, so the manicure wasn't something you might get at a spa, but it was a fun little silly girly thing, that I personally think is a great idea.  Still, for the price of just the martini alone, you get shiney new nails.  Not a bad deal.The people watching is quite interesting as well, I even struck up a conversation with a humorous dad of a popular comedian.Bring the girls and have some fun.
4	I have to give a lot of thanks to the Yelpers that suggested Furio for our second destination for our Nov. event.  What a fun little lounge/bar!  I would have never found it otherwise, it is set on the fringe of Old Town.  The bar area is pretty large, with lots of regular pub tables, booths, and couches.  And the couches are pretty comfy, even if I was made to sit in the b*tch seat in the corner.  (Such is life when you are 5'2"....always smushed into the smallest space...) The martini list is large and somewhat intimidating but if you like girly drinks this is your place.  Our waitress was quite attentive without being overbearing.  It's a great place if you are looking for laid back in Old Town.
5	I was a regular here before I left AZ.  Awesome staff...Great food.  Get the Gnocchi.  It's great.  I get it with light sauce as it's a bit "heavy"... but it's fantastic none the less.
4	Furio is just right in so many ways. White leather lounge sofas and the bold sexy decor set the mood and suggest an air of pretension, but the friendly service and basketball game on TV balance that with an air of a laidback sensibility.  The lounge area was neither too quiet nor too loud, neither too quiet nor too dark.  I'm diggin on you Furio!Fancy martini and cocktail list are the name of the game here and prices are about average for the Old Town scene - think $10-12 martinis.  I opted for a Bacardi and Coke since all the cocktails sounded so sweet.  On a Thursday night with the Yelp crew there were about a dozen or so inside at about 10 pm when the dining area was shutting down.  I imagine this as somewhere to chill and gather to pre-party before heading out to the dance clubs. But I (and probably you too) would be just as fine relaxing the night away here. I would go here more often if it was closer to me, and I would be up for having dinner here sometime for sure. It's actually more like 4.5 stars, but I'm reserving judgment until I dine there.
3	I think I came here on a bad night.  I really dug the decor & the more than ample wine list (of which I had a nice shiraz and my date had a nice cab).  from all angles, between the lounge area and the quiet dining tables, it's a really cool, quiet little place to take someone out.we were promptly seated and took a few minutes to ponder the wine, which came out promptly, followed by some tasty bread, followed by ordering, followed by an extended conversation... hey... my wine is just about... empty... and... i still don't have food?   the waitress comes over & explains there's been a mixup in the kitchen, and that the food is on the house.  holy crap, it's been an hour since we sat down?  good thing this wasn't an awkward first date.  the food, also, was kinda lukewarm & not that great.  i had the steak (which comes out crusted with a peppercorn crusty thing and pre-sliced, which was a bit odd).  i think i'll have to give this place another shot.
5	Food, drinks, urban atmosphere, location -- this place has it all.I have been her about 10 times, never been disappointed. The crowd can go from jammed to dead in a second - except for weekends which seem to stay busy. Their eclectic menu is fun to browse.Great place to go to start an old town adventure.
4	Love Furio.Every first Thursday of the month, they offer wine flight specials with an appetizer on the side.  Manicure Mondays do nothing for me.  Happy hour prices are good, food tastes great, the bar does fill up during happy hour, but the staff will seat you in the restaurant if it's not too busy and give you the same 'rates'.  Everyone is pretty friendly and approachable.  It's just a great place for happy hour or romantic dinner for two.
4	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:My Happy Hour comrad and I pulled up to Furio at 5 p.m. and got a front-row parking spot. Nice. Already, our experience was off to a great start. Then we saw the door. This massive, square glass door (outlined in a wood trim) that had a Furio F-shaped door handle with a subtle "pull" sign above it - it was all we could do to not stop and stare. Pulling the door open was easier than we imagined. We stepped right inside and both went, "Oh, wow..." The decor is very cool. With 70's retro hanging lamps (that look like cinnamon rolls, my friend said) with high-leg tables, high-back booths, slick white lounge chairs and a pink-tinted back-lit bar. We were instantly less stressed just being here. I had to try out the black high-back booth in the "lounge-y area." I sat down and was in love, I tell ya. The hostess, who was chipper, smiled at us. "Isn't that great? I love that." Then she sat down on one of the white chairs that looked like it was covered in a protective plastic coating. "Try these chairs." We sat down with her. Oh, very nice. That's when we decided to have our happy hour in this area. We both opted to sit on the bench with the comfortable high-back. The shin-high table greeted us with a happy hour menu, along with a shimmering candle. Very nice. $4 glasses of their house wines - cab, merlot or chard. Nice! We bypassed the apple tini and cosmos. I wondered aloud about their "domestic" beers for $3. Come to find out, that only applies to the "great American lagers." We had to laugh with the waitress/bartender on that one. Double ugh for not even offering a deal on "super domestic" beers like 8th St. Ale and Kiltlifter, although they do carry them. Nikki, our server/bartender, was great! It looked like she was covering the entire front portion of the place. She was attentive, informative and friendly. She had this unique Bohemian appeal, too. And her attire was comfortable, which made me curious about the place. "I think I could work here," I said. My friend laughed. "I was thinking the same thing. Maybe a return visit behind the bar?" I had no idea my friend has experience slinging drinks. Furio lent itself to free-flowing conversation, in which my friend and I got to know each other better. "That's 3 more percent about me you didn't know before," I was told. I'll drink to that! We ordered Pane Rustica for $5. They were two medium-sized bistro-like sandwiches. One was chicken with tomatoes. The other had mushrooms. They were both heavenly. The bread - oh that bread! - was melt-in-your-mouth yummy. And for $5? It was like the perfect app to go along with our wine. I tried their house cab and was very impressed. My friend got their chard and enjoyed it. We toasted to banter, since it's so incredibly hard to find in a partner/love interest. But, man, when you do find it, wowza. It's amazing! After sitting and chatting a while, soaking in the soothing lounge music (which we both really liked), we ordered their Build-Your-Own pizza for $7. The topping options are expansive, including eggplant and artichokes. We got it with everything, minus the prosciutto. It was very, very, very good! And for $7! We each were able to have 3 pieces to ourselves. Perfect. Another great food pairing with our individual wines. I love Furio for happy hour, when I'm feeling like relaxing with wine and light bistro-like fare. Especially in an environment that has some of my favorite things: modern, comfortable furniture with good prices and relaxing lounge tunes. There's also a nice outdoor patio with candlelight. Very romantic if you can go on a night that allows you have the patio all to yourself. The bathroom is a one-person bathroom, which is nice. It's very big with a large mirror and pink walls. I liked it. It didn't come with any funky hard-to-operate sink, either. In that bathroom is where my friend picked up three Furio cards announcing regular events. Here's what she found:Martini's & Manicures$10 for a Martini and a Manicure Monday nightsFlight NightFeaturing the latest and greatest in boutique wines First Thursday of the month1/2 Price WineEvery Sunday nightThere are plenty of reasons to go back to Furio. Happy Hour being one, definitely. Checking out their weekly events is definitely another! I'd give Furio 5 stars, but I can't, since this is a review of Happy Hour and I didn't see the full menu. Not to mention they only have yucky Bud, Coors and Michelob beer on their happy hour menu. That's reason enough to dock 'em one star. Too bad. I think I fell in love with Furio. And it only cost me $16 (with tip).
5	I had an absolute great time at Furio!  I just moved to Phoenix from Michigan and had been working for 4 weeks straight before leaving the 2 streets I know that take me to work.  When I found out that my mom and grandma were visiting for a week I wanted to show them more than the usual strip malls I have grown to love.  I did some research and found out that on Mondays they have an awesome special: Martinis & a Manicure for only $10!!!!!!  I thought this would be a perfect activity for a girls night.  Needless to say, I was RIGHT!I made a reservation on line a few days ahead just to be sure that we would have a table.  The very next day a girl called to confirm and we were all set for the evening.  Finding the place was not a problem and when we got there I was pleasantly surprised that we got a spot right in the front row. The martini menu was cute and ideal for a ladies night.  We each tried a different one and sampled each other.  Once our martinis were served it was time for the manicure.  The people at Furio really nailed the ladies night idea with this winning combo.  I will be taking many of my girlfriends here in the future!
3	I went to Furio last night for a "Girls' Night" - a friend is getting married but didn't want a bachelorette party of any kind. 6 of us met at Furio for dinner.When 4 of the 6 of us arrived, we decided to have a drink in the bar area before being seated for dinner. We had reservations for 7:00, but the place was dead. We lounged on the comfy chairs/couches in the bar and enjoyed our first drink of the evening. Everyone was happy, except one of my friends ordered a vodka tonic and they brought her a vodka with club soda. The bartender replaced it. Dinner was very nice. Nice service, and the bread with pesto and ricotta that we got first was delicious. I could have eaten just that all night! To start, I ordered the vine ripe tomatoes, fresh mozzarella panzanella salad, which I would not order again. There was hardly any tomato - it was mostly cheese and bread - and I had ordered the salad specifically for the tomatoes. My entree was really fabulous: seared diver sea scallops, smoked gouda risotto, saffron burre blanc. I rarely get to eat seafood since my husband is allergic, so I love to splurge when I can. The scallops were perfect, but the risotto and the sauce poured over the scallops was a little too salty for me. Two of my friends ordered the herb crusted chicken, roquefort risotto, natural pan jus. One commented, "Why can't I make chicken like this every night?" The only critique she had of her meal was that the risotto was really cheesy. She had asked the waiter if it was very cheesy, and he said no. It was. I tasted it and one bite was enough for me. Of course, we had to have dessert. We decided to do a share-type plate where we got 5 desserts on one big plate. We opted for the following:2 slices of chocolate pizza: White chocolate brownie layered with seasonal berries, chocolate sauce and fresh mint, served hot with homemade vanilla ice cream and shaved white chocolate 1 butterscotch creme brulee: Their version of the classic crme brulee with butterscotch and fresh berries1 torta di cioccolata: Creamy dark chocolate tort layered with chambord liqueur and whipped laura chanel goat cheese, drizzled with a fresh blackberry sauce 1 tiramisu: Homemade sponge cake brushed with espresso and filled with mascarpone cheese and sweetened whipped cream, served in an espresso cupTable favorites were the chocolate pizza (though, I must admit, the Oregano's pizzookie may give it a run for its money) and the creme brulee. The torta was VERY rich - like eating fudge. I never tried the tiramisu ... no a fan in general. So, overall I had a nice evening at Furio. I'm only giving it 3 stars because at the end of the dinner, I had spent $65 (I also chipped in for part of the bride-to-be's meal). I've spent that much at other places like Tommy Bahamas or Elements at Sanctuary and not batted an eye. This time, although I knew what the bill would be going in, I was not cheering to throw down my cash. So, I'm not sure if I would go back.A lot of yelpers have raved about happy hour here, so perhaps I'll try that next.After Furio, we headed down Scottsdale Rd and ended up at the Italian Grotto (which I will also review).
3	Took my sister here for her 21st it just happened to fall on a Monday so this was the best thing we could come up with. Where to park?!?! Parking is slim here FYI! There was 10 of us they gave us the whole left side of the bar area. The hostess was really polite we were very happy till we met our waiter. He didn't seem too happy to be there, could have possibly been new, either way I expected better service for the occassion. We did not just order the $10 tini and mani deal there weren't that many to choose from. There was no one else in the bar area and I still had to go up to the bar several time's to order drinks - The bartender was great + Could use an extra toilet or stall - The mani's were a treat, the manicurist's were chatty and fun. We ordered more drinks and dinner after all our nail's were done. I dont think you can go wrong with the food here being a veg I was totally satisfied 5 star's for food! I will absolutely go back for the food!
4	Rolled into Furio on a Saturday night around 10pm and it was pretty dead but a cool setting to grab a few drinks before heading deeper into Old Town. It's loungy inside with lots of white pleather.  I dig the vibe.  The outside seating is a little small.  Why have parking when you can have tables?Really creative drink menu including a flaming Marg that had a lime doused in booze, on fire, floating around in it.  Neat, but now you have a burnt booze tasting Marg.  (And I couldn't help but worry that the precious alcohols were being burnt off, oh chemistry, you trick us again.
3	My husband and I have been here twice. The first was last summer during the late happy hour. The food was really discounted but still pretty good - the steak sandwich was especially tasty - although I would recommend avoiding the pizza, which had overly sweet sauce, congealed cheese, and vegetables that tasted canned. We sat outside and enjoyed the view of the street. For the price we paid for the food, it was an enjoyable experience. The second time we went was for dinner and the prices for food were a lot higher. Our food was definitely tasty - the lamb shank and steak tenderloin bruschetta were very flavorful - but the prices felt a little high and perhaps more fitting for a hotel restaurant. That being said, the drinks were good, the atmosphere was comfortable yet trendy, and the service was attentive, if self-important. I would definitely return for happy hour or a special event, but probably not for dinner.
4	Went to Furio for Martini & Manicures on a Monday night.  Awesome concept and great hook price.  I honestly loved it and will totally go back again for the event.  A couple of things to keep in mind before going: 1... you need to plan to spend the entire night there.  You just don't walk in and get a martini while having a manicure and walk out, you sit down and get a number and wait for the manicure (we waited about 2 hours).   2...  plan on having dinner.  They have a reasonable dinner menu special for Monday night and it's good to pass the time while waiting for the manicure (and to sober you up while drinking the martini's).  3... Bring a couple of singles for tip for the manicure.  Definitely would recommend the event to anyone looking for a fun girls night out on a Monday!!
4	Nice buzz + beautiful nails + garlic breath = how I feel after a Monday night visit to Furio for martinis and manicures.OK, so I really just went for the company but I happened to have 2 glasses of wine and a delicious dinner while I was there.  Jeff was our server and he is quite the character - he kept us entertained throughout the evening.  As Melissa C wrote, keep in mind that you need a reservation and plan to go early if possible... their martini list is adorable and they have some great happy hour food as well.  We had a hearth stone pizza with veggies - it was thin crust and a perfect light starter for the table.  I also had the pasta agli olio which is really linguine with garlic / olive oil sauce + I added asparagus.  Melissa and Jan split the bistec del furio sandwich as well and seemed to enjoy it.I'll be back to Furio again for sure whether it's for Monday night martinis and manicures or just for dinner/drinks sometime.  I think it can get pricey with non-happy hour menu items, but it's a great place to check out... bon appetito!
2	Furio came highly recommended, so I made reservations when I found myself in the area. Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed by both the food and service. I started with the grilled pear salad with gorgonzola and mixed greens. The salad was underdressed, the pears were burned, and feta cheese had been substituted for gorgonzola.  Feta is not even in the same league with gorgonzola - they taste nothing alike, and it was not complimentary to the dish.  What gives? For my entre, I had the truffle gnocchi with lobster, which sounded amazing on the menu but was served floating in a pool of gooey orange grease and tasted virtually flavorless. My friend seemed happy with her New York steak entre, but maintained that her first course of soft-shelled crab was overcooked and saturated with oil. I can only say that the mediocrity of the food was surpassed by the ridiculous lack of service. We were one of only 3 tables in the entire dining room, and it still took us almost 3 hours to power through the meal. One table that sat down 20 minutes after us had completed their meal and paid the check before we had even received our main courses. At one point, our server handed off the dessert menus and then left for almost 15 minutes. When we finally ordered and then received the wrong desserts, he unprofessionally explained that he had been needing to "light a fire under the pantry chef lately." I agree if that this is what passes for fine dining in the Phoenix area, then thanks but no thanks. I was unimpressed with the food and appalled at the flippant lack of service. Will never return. Pros: nice ambiance; decent wine listCons: mediocre food for the money; flippant, virtually nonexistent service
4	I really like this place. I have been to Furio several times for dinner and/or drinks. They make an excellant Espresso Martini (with real espresso), the Mohito is fantastic as well (I might want it served in a taller glass, instead of a rocks glass). I have had several of their entrees and found each one cooked perfectly and quite tasty! There are some nights when it is pretty quiet, but others have been packed. It's a hit or miss place if you are searching for a crowded rest. I would call for reservations, just to be safe.
4	The only thing better than their cheese and portobello mushroom lasagna topped with crab and asparagus salad is two portobello mushroom lasagnas topped with crab and asparagus salad. One of the best lasagnas I've ever had in my life. Now, I may only be 8 years old (my picture is misleading), but I eat lots of effing lasagna. So trust me on this one.Other pluses--super friendly staff, good wine selection, quiet atmosphere (Tues night).
4	Loved this place.  Super cool and beautiful bartender/waitress - Nikki.  Went for Happy hour with my love. Apps on menu were delicious.  Service great.  Also, LOVED the music playing in back ground.Thought the flat screen TV (in main dining area) which allows you to watch the bar scene was genius!  I could sit there all night & just people watch - who needs reality TV!  There is reality Furio.  Great spot.
4	I have only been here once, but I really enjoyed it. It's a very upscale place, but they have (or had when I went) reasonable prices on food. I did a wine flight, which was fun and got a dessert sampler. Very tasty.The decor and ambiance are really what make the place. I would say this is a great place for a date you want to impress. Fortunately it was not too packed and it was not filled with the normal south Scottsdale crowd. But who knows, maybe that's YOU.
4	Last time I was at Furio was for a chick dinner and it happened to be Monday Manicure night, which was pretty fun. I've been here a few times, once for a bachelorette party, once for happy hour and once for MM night. All three times I had a good time and didn't walk out with an empty wallet (rare for old town).The interior is pretty cool and stylish, not too obnoxious and not a dive. Cute little patio. The only pain is parking.
2	Disappointing is the best summary of our dining experience at Furio last night. The highlights of my meal were the free bread and pesto and the chocolate smore martini I ordered for dessert. I had a caesar salad before my meal which was the perfect size and it was tasty, but seriously salad shouldn't be hard to pull off. For my entree I had the chicken and rock shrimp fettucini...holy cream! The entire dish was smothered in cream which made it much too heavy for me to eat more than 1/4 of the entree. My husband had the mac and cheese with pancetta before his meal and I tried a bite...wow, Furio really has a heavy hand with cream. It wasn't an exceptional dish and Chris only ate about half. He had the pan seared sea scallops for an entree which he also let me try. My two bites were really gritty and they were not perfectly cooked. No melt in your mouth quality. The chocolate smore martini was really good especially since it comes with a cooked marshmellow and a graham cracker coated rim. I can't really say it was worth the $12 price tag, but it was tasty. Chris ordered the chocolate tort for dessert which was soooo rich. Rich to the point of being inedible. For 1 beer, 1 glass of Albarino, 1 martini, 1 salad, 1 mac and cheese side dish, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert, our bill came to $103 before tip. It was definitely not worth what we paid at all.Furio itself is located in a great location in Old Town with plenty of public parking nearby. The inside is chic and trendy...Chris commented when we sat down that it reminded him of a place that the people on "The Hills" would dine at. The funny thing about that is that literally twenty or so minutes later a couple sat down at the table next to us and the guy said exactly the same thing! We sat in the dining room which has a flat screen TV on one wall where you can watch what is happening in the lounge/bar area...so weird. I would go back to Furio to sit in the lounge/bar area and enjoy some martinis, but I will not be going back to eat dinner.
4	Furio's is fabulous on Monday nights for Martini's & Mani's.  I absolutely loved having my nails done while sippin on a cosmo.  We were scheduled for 5PM enabling us to be the first nail customers.  Then we had a few more martinis while gabbing & waiting for our nails to dry.  We didn't dine there but heard they have great food.  An added plus was the flat screen over the bar that allowed us to keep an eye on the MNF game.  Would definitely return if I get the chance!
3	We went with some friends on a Saturday Night and had a pleasant time. It isn't somewhere I would go again it was fun since our friends knew the owner...It was very chic and hip and the decor was awesome...It was definintely a "I'm too cool" place...which really isn't my scene!I had the Halibut which was just OK and to be honest what everyone else had was a blur. We had great drinks and I would only go back if a group of girls' wanted to do the Monday Night deal...I would hire a car and have Martini's and Mani's...We didn't indulge in dessert although it looked good I opted for another drink as I wasn't driving...Personally I could've done without all the poof and gone for a good old Morton's steak and been happy :)
3	Three stars for great happy hour prices on food: Taylor Street pasta, Prince Edward mussels & aqua clams, build your own hand-tossed, hearth stone pizza, bistec del Furio.  All so very, very good!  Haven't eaten here for dinner as service is very slow- I don't mind price-y menus as long as service is knowledgeable, attentive, and very efficient.
4	Martini & Mani $10, Dinner (from HH menu) $6-$8, Fun evening gabbing with your girls - Priceless!We were told they would only take reservations for parties of 8 or more, so we were sure to arrive shortly after 5 so we would be near the front of the line for manicures. It actually never got too crowded, but the manicurist explained that it's typically slower during the holiday season. We dined and had our nails done within an hour and a half, but ofcourse chose to stay longer.The martinis were fabulous! We ordered the Pretty in Pink (aka Cosmo), Royaltini (Chambord & White Chocolate Liquor), and Rasberry beret.  For dinner, we ordered the Caprese salad, Taylor Street Pasta, and their soup of the day which was artichoke and fontina. Yum! The pasta was the best deal with a good sized portion for only $6.  The service was also wonderful. My friend ordered a second martini and the waiter offered it to her on the house since there was  quite a wait before he delivered the drink. We'll definitely be back!
5	BEST THING TO DO WITH YOUR PEEPS!  MONDAY MARTINI & MANICURE $10 Yaiii.  What fun!  Have had dinner, ($$$), was good, but luv the place for their happy hour in sexy lounge.  Tini @ monday is always a hit with out of town girlfirends :-)
4	Drinks and DessertAfter having a horrible meal at Medizona we thought we would stop by here for drinks and desserts.  After our experience there we had given up on our luck that night.We were extremely pleased with our Martini's and Desert Trio that we cannot wait to come back and have a full dinner here.The waiter was fabulous as well.
3	Me and my girlfriends went to manicure Mondays. As expected from the other reviews, the line for manicures were pretty long. 60 + mins were out estimated time. We were greeted by a (overly) enthusiastic waitress, and service was on the slow side. We tried their wine, martinis, happy hour food, and dessert. Nothing really blew my socks off. It was good, but not like whoa. I was also totally weirded out that the bathroom had mirrored walls. Who wants to watch themselves pee in the bathroom? I suppose they were going for some kind of contemporary chic, but it doesn't work. It just seems like a bathroom for people to hook up in.
5	My friends and I ate here on Memorial Day wknd after a string of failed attempts at other nearby restaurants on the downtown Scottsdale strip. Whereas everywhere else had long lines and rude staff,  the conversational and kind doorman let us know that we knew we were in for a good night after all. Our previous frustrations became a distant memory due to:- 1/2 price btls of wine (because it was Sunday)- amazing goats cheese/pesto spread for bread- quirky fun waitress- live band that played 80s- today (and even Dick In a Box!!!)- Great service and attitude by all staffAs out of towners, Furio really turned around our perception of eating in downtown Scottsdale. Go straight here (and be careful of the complicated front door). Thanks for a wonderful finale meal in AZ!!!
5	I don't get to go very often but their Happy hours are well worth it. The food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation. You can't go wrong..Its not pretentious but I suggest you up your game a bit in clothing department...after all it's not Giligins. Great for a girls night out or a HH with coworkers.
4	Its been awhile since I have visited Furio but there Monday night martini and manicures are the best. The martini's are special priced and the appetizers are very yummy. I also had the pleasure of having dinner there awhile back and the food was really good. Definitely give this place a try whether its for happy hour or for special date. You won't be disappointed.
4	I finally made it to Furio to meet a friend for a low key nite last nite... parking was easy, considering it was a Saturday nite.. Very friendly.. trendy place to hang. Waiter knew his wines.. and when we had questions over a Merlot vs a Pinot.. he let us sample both.. based on taste, we opted for the heavier Merlot.. Point being... The waiter aimed to please. Had the antipasti plate.. Could have had more cheeses to choose from and a bit more variety on the olives.. Brushetta with filet, very good.. A cool place to hang in Scottsdale... :-)
4	Fun for Manicure & Martini Mondays! Fun lounge atmosphere, it was fairly quite on the Monday that we went so it was great for just being able to chill and talk with your girlfriends. $12 includes your mani and one cocktail. Appetizers on special for Happy Hour were $7-$9. Really not a stellar deal just a $1 off the regular menu price. Which probably explains why the happy hour pricing lasts until 9 PM.  The food was good. We loved their fontina mac & cheese!!Liked that they came to get us when it was our turn for manicures. Disliked that we weren't given an option of the mani after we ate. A little tricky trying to eat afterward. Service was slow, didn't matter to us since we were in for a chill evening, but it would have been annoying if we were on a schedule.
4	F-you for going out of business!I'm going to have to go through 12 g0d damn steps to get over your crab and asparagus lasagna.
5	Years later.....and I still miss the drinks, happy hour and food at Furio. Does anyone have any follow up if any of the owners/chefs started new ventures?
