4	i don't know how to "star" something i've nothing to compare, but this was one of the few things i did thinking i'd never ever do this. but after doing a lot of reading and listening to robin quivers on the stern show every morning, i found a good offer for first timers and took a try. of course they stick some tubes up your poor hole, so yes, i was a bit nervous. but they were extremely professional and calm. i was nervous the whole first session but my therapist kept me relaxed and talked me through the entire session. it is a bit weird and you have some strange feelings during the session, but it makes you feel very....clean afterwards. and i don't eat meat, no simple carbs, and very littel sugar and i had all kinds of crap (literally) coming out of me. i can't imagine what a mess some fat ass fast food junkie would have coming out of them. it was 180 bucks for 3 sessions, but you had to set it up online to get that deal. great experience and i learned alot. if you have the gumption, go for it.
4	Colonics are essential to good health.  Having went on a 28 day master cleanse and had a colonic on day 8, 9, and 10 after not having eaten anything and watching the morbid matter release itself from my colon was more than impressionable.  Going back on day 30 of my cleanse and the following 2 days and and still seeing more release itself from my colon is somewhat hard to describe how it changes your outlook on colon health.  Everyone should be doing colonics.
1	I been to this place 2 times.  Every time I have schedule an appointment it has been a nightmare trying to get my appointment scheduled because no one ever returns your phone call.. I left messages and emails both of which don't get returned.  Today, it has been the same thing.  I scheduled in the morning like I always do and it is not 3:30pm and no phone call back.  I'm on a fast and needed to get in.  As it is, the other place has had their therapist leave and I can't get in.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. Their approach to customer service is deplorable.  They have good rates, but I just called Phoenix Natural Medicine and Detox and they have the same price.  I'd go there instead.
