4	I must say that I and a friend stopped into here about a week ago.  I was very impressed. The service that we had was great, the coffee was hot, and the food was excellent.   I am generally not too big of a fan of IHOPs but this has changed my mind.   Definitely worth going and its nice that its in a pretty safe area.
1	So nice to see the new I-Hop location at Cotswald and I had the opportunity to visit last weekend with two other adults a newborn and 6 year old.  The waitress was super sweet.  Our order and meal went well and the food was tastey.  However I waited forever for my check.  I asked another server to let my waitress know I needed my check  but saw she had been seated a second table.  So I waited.  Then I got up and went to the kitchen door.  The other waiter came thru and said do you want to start tomorrow jokingly :) and then said she didn't come over yet??? and I said no.  So I go back to my table.  I then see the waitress at the computer assuming maybe she is preparing my check.  Wait. wait. wait.  Others at the table are getting annoyed too.  So I take my two pancakes on a plate up to the waitress.  I said I would like a box and my check please.  She is lost in a fog.  I said please get me a box and my check.  Again lost in fog.  I hand the plate to her and said I will meet you up front at the register.  I tipped her too and I really don't know why.  Should it take 2 hours to eat in an empty restuarant?   What I really meant to say was are you supposed to wait for an hour after you eat to get the check??
1	I'm so irritated with this place. You definitely can't get served in a timely manner and when you do it's usually wrong. I'll not be coming back and suggest others to be wary as well. (review written on a Sunday night where the restaurant has only 24 people in it - in other words DEAD).
4	I am shocked at all the negative reviews I've read! All I can say is that they must have cleaned up their act here or something because we had a great experience. When we walked in there was a line out the door, which I partially expected on a Sunday but this was a HUGE line even for the time of day. Then it hit me... duh.. it's FATHER'S DAY!!! No wonder it's busy. I guess dads like pancakes too. :) As we walked in, the hostess told us it'd be about a 10 minute wait. She gave us a card with the name of a sports team on it, and other people had the names of famous people. When your table was ready they called the name on the card. I was sitting there laughing each time a name was called. It was very effective and got your attention if your table was ready! "Gordon Ramsey party of 4 your table is ready! Buzz Lightyear, table for 2 your s is also ready.".. I think Paula Abdul's name even made an appearance. While we waited I hopped on Yelp to scope out the reviews. Then I saw the rating and what people had said about a server named Tekeyah. I was expecting a horrible long wait, slow service  and no refills.  I didn't know what was coming. And, I even thought about leaving to go to another breakfast place nearby. We were tight on time, and figured there was probably a wait anywhere so we stayed. Right on the dot about 10 minutes later we were taken to our table, and the server walked up with a smile and greeted us very promptly. Her name? Tekeyah. My boyfriend and I looked at each other across the table and thought uhoh, we're in trouble now.. based on the reviews we had read about her. I tell you what, Tekeyah was nothing but nice to us and very attentive. She was slammed with tables and she still managed to come over and keep us updated on the status of our food. The only downfall was that we ordered breakfast potatoes instead of hashbrowns, and we didn't get them until the end of the meal because hashbrowns were brought out instead. In her defense, the eggs benedict is not on the menu so it isn't somthing that normally is requested, and substitutions probably need to be added in the system manually. I've been a server and I can say that things like that sometimes slip your mind when you're dealing with a crowded dining room. When we told her about the potatos she was EXTREMELY apologetic, and very nice. I asked her for a refill and got it right away. Tekeyah was very friendly and I would absolutely go back based on how polite she was. After reading the other reviews, I'm thinking perhaps she had a bad day and had other tables who had been horrible to her on a holiday or something similar, before she had served the other reviewers who were unhappy with her service. Who knows, I can only vouch for my experience and I have no complaints. I only gave 4 stars because of IHop in general, it's ok... just not my fave.
1	My company brings us here quite frequently, and I have yet to get my food the way I ordered it.  Put simply, I do not like brown eggs, and this chain in general is incapable of preparing eggs to order.  A restaurant that is primarily a breakfast restaurant should be able to cook eggs in any common fashion.  I had ordered my omelets "soft" for several visits, and each time they came out identical to everyone else's, so then I ordered my next one "very soft", and still it came out identical to everyone else's......brown.  I asked the waitress how I should order my omelet to avoid it being browned, and she said it is a computer problem, "there is no button that describes this, so I have to tell the cook verbally, and they forget" she said.  What kind of breakfast restaurant cannot cook eggs to order?  It is not hard.  Just get it off the grill before it burns.  It is not rocket science. I guess I will just have to order pancakes the next time I have to eat here.
2	This "breakfast" restaurant still is unable to make an omelet without browning the eggs.  My request has never worked, with any waitress.  I will still be eating here occasionally due to the preference of my co-workers.  I just have to order something that is hard to burn.
3	I have read the previous reviews and thankful that we have not had the "server all complains about"  and had no issues with any of our orders. We have been to this location for  a few times and have had pretty good experiences for an IHOP. I mean we have gone during late morning hours, so maybe the service goes downhill from lunch to those coming in at graveyard shift. Not just IHOP, but other restaurants have been slack in the wee hours/right before closing. Anyway, prices are good for the quality of food and level of customer serivce you receive. One gripe about this location is that payment can only be taken by the cashier station. We went again this past Labor Day and the poor girl could not multi-task. A customer with an infant was placing her indecisive order and the line was backed up by seven people. I could not believe there's only one register!!  So irritatiiiiiiiing. She should have tried to get as many people checked out while the young lady was deciding what she wanted. I can talk a little smack because I worked as a cashier many moons ago in a restaurant and grocery store.  If they fix this, then maybe I would give another 1/2 star. :)
5	For 60 cents you can add the Banana and Cream Belgian waffle to my breakfast. And that is exactly what I did!. And it was delicious! This is another great location. Service is always great and everyone is always nice. If I go to this location I like to go early because it does get pretty crowded. Even during busy time though I have never had bad service. Thank you IHOP!
2	We ate an early dinner here tonight. The place was empty. There were maybe 10 customers in the entire restaurant. Our server was very sweet, the food came out reasonably quickly and tasted fine.  The reason for the low rating is that the manager berated one of the waiters in the middle of the dining room in front of the customers and another manager.  I don't know if this jerk was showing off for the other manager or what, but it was completely unprofessional. The man clearly has poor management skills, because of course public humiliation is not motivating to anyone!  Then I overheard him telling an elderly customer that he was brought to that location recently to help get the place in order.. Good grief!  This same manager was standing near the door exit when we left and given plenty of time to thank us, he never said a word.  I said Good Night and he did finally acknowledge us. I'll choose another IHOP if I'm craving pancakes.
4	It was nice and quiet when we arrived at 9:30am on Sunday.  We were seated promptly at the booth by the window with no wait at all.  Place seems clean and calm, with no music playing.  Perfect to start a peaceful Sunday breakfast.  We ordered the Strawberry Banana French toast and harsh brown/eggs/sausage links combo with pancakes.  It took a while for the food to come out although it didn't seem busy.  I have no complain though since we were simply enjoying the quiet time.  There are Starbucks price of coffee, however gas station coffee quality, simply says overpriced.  When we left at 10ish, the place was already packed, and wait line had already formed.
4	The service was great and so was the food! It could of been faster but we were a large group!
