4	There are nights when I have dreams of the glorious aisles of Super H-mart (not in Phoenix) and there are other nights when I am totally rooting for the mom and pop shops that where I can buy homemade mandoo for my little kiddies and give them a taste of the homeland.  That being said, this is one of those mom and pop shops that I want to love, but have come to like instead.  The mandoo at this place rocks.  The price has gone up a little since the first post - bag of 50 runs about $13 now.   I've tried various bahnchan with mixed experiences- some were too sweet (doh rah jee), some had too much dasheedah and others were good (bi bim bap veggie mix).  I've tried the naeng-myun kimchee which was excellent and bought a jar of the regular kimchee which I didn't like as much - very very bitter.  All in all, I'm happy this place exists.  This is my little Korean food oasis that saves me from driving 45 minutes to the Mesa area for good Korean groceries.
5	This place is awesome! I'm so glad that somebody told me about it. This place has all the things that I have been craving and the items I need to make certain dishes. One day they had samples of a bunch of Korean side dishes, and I was so excited! Everything was tasty, and I brought a bunch of stuff home. My husband is a huge fan of the squid, and we're always going back to get more. Only thing is that I wish it were closer to where I live. :)
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!!  They have the best kimchi in the Valley!  They don't always have kimbab, bibimbab or chapchae, but when they do, the food items are tasty!  As an adoptee, they're always nice to me, and I'm never made to feel bad that I don't speak fluent Korean (they don't know I'm adopted).  Very glad I found this little store.
5	WOW! WOW! FANTASTIC!I have lived in Glendale 2 years, and I am so sad that I have not known this place earlier. They make really great side dishes, and they only carry good quality products. I cannot say enough how good they are. And I really like rice cakes and I counldn't find good quality rice cakes for 2 years. But they have it. So HAPPY !!! 5 X 5 Stars !!!!
5	I found out about this place through a friend who had been stationed in Korea, he lives right by it and told me I should check it out because the kimchi was homemade. I was skeptical, I have been to a number of Asian Grocers across the Valley and nothing was fresh or good let alone close to home made.When I pulled up to the place I was concerned that it was closed down, the building is old and has this abandoned kind of look to it. Inside you will find a cramped but wonderful little store that contains every possible want for a good Korean kitchen. The kimchi and numerous other banchan are wonderful, no they don't have any dates listed but you can see the freshness. I took several home along with two containers of kimchi, all were delicious and very evident that they are homemade. The price on the kimchi is pretty reasonable $5.00 for a 32oz container.The freezers are stocked with frozen meal items like dumplings, you can also find frozen fish, noodles and other stock items. The dry goods are extensive and I found good quality sushi rice there for an excellent price. Oh yes and if you like rice cakes they have them freshly made by the cash register, still warm sometimes!If you are looking for real Korean goods this is a great place to go, there is next to no produce but they dry goods, kimchi and banchan are well worth the trip
4	Hooray!  A market with fresh kimchee selections...Visited after eating at Cafe GH for lunch.  Nice little market with friendly people.  Unlike many markets, these folks have good prices on basics and don't overcharge.  Best kimchee selection we've found in Phoenix.  Options range from cabbage, cucumber, and sprouts to tofu and seaweed varieties.  They also sell kim bap (kind of Korean california rolls), which makes for a good lunch to go.Now, if I can just find a place that sells milk tea/gogo no kocha...
4	Pros: so many different types of Kim chi! Cons: Pricing system difficult to understand.
4	Love this place... Especially coming from cali where we have an abundance of Korean markets and coming to the AZ. Freshly made kimchi yummy.
4	The korean owners are really nice. It is more like local korean mart. I got two packs of rice cake for free! - the owner said I can take them if I purchase things over $50. And they make kimchi there, one galon of huge jar is $14.99!
4	Strong kimchi and banchan game. Asked the lady if they had kimchi and she goes, "kimchi? who taught you?" Cause I'm white. That's racial profiling, lady!very small shop but the kimchi and other house-made items are reason enough to go.
