4	The Biltmore has two courses: the Adobe and the Links. I get out there as often as I can, and these are my favorite courses in town to play. Apparently it isn't often enough because I can't seem to shimmy my score much under 90 with any frequency. Anyhow, of the two, I prefer the Links. It is much more picturesque and manages to frame more of the southwestern desert landscape. The 16th hole on the backside of the Links is one of the best views of the city . . .The Adobe is more old-school, and easier (not that I have the right to call any golf course "easy"). It is rolling and green with less water than the Links and much more room for error as many of the fairways bleed together. There are more trees on Adobe and it almost feels like you're no longer in Arizona . . . until you realize that the sun is about to set and it's still well over a hundred degrees. The restaurant/bar offers good fare at reasonable prices and the air conditioning is always blasting in the summer months. There is GPS on all the carts and the staff is friendly and helpful.
3	Just played the Links course at the Biltmore for the first time. If there were a 3.5 star rating, I would have chosen that.  Great service from the time you get there.  Very much has the feel of a country club including bag boys, a nice restaurant and a decent pro shop.  The only downside is the awful beers they offer on the course and at the turn.  (Some of us have slightly more refined tastes than Budweiser and the like.)The course is enjoyable, although there are less than obvious hazards and layouts.  For instance, on #2 there is water down the left side in three separate lakes.  While the first is plainly visible, you can easily drive the second lake yet not know it's there.  Get a yardage guide or ask a local for help.  The layout is very typical of a resort as it is strung out over a huge distance and doesn't flow very well.  I wouldn't reccomend trying to walk.  In fact, I'm not sure they would let you if you wanted to.The pace of play was a PUNISHING 5 hours.  According to the locals and the starter, they use 5 minute separations which causes this backup virtually everyday.  In all my experience, I don't know of another course in the world that uses separations that tight.  Management should be ashamed of themselves.  We were backed up 3 groups deep on every Par 3 and many of the Par 4s.  There is no excuse for this.  On top of that, the group in front of us was playing from the blue tees and had no business doing so.  People, please check your ego.  If you can't shoot below 90 on a regular basis, move up to the White tee box.Good deals can be had on golfnow.com.  I certainly wouldn't pay full price.
4	It is a pretty nice golf course although sometimes I get a little carried away by the homes in the area.
4	My wife and I played both tracks this past week and were pleasantly surprised.  First of all, you are in one of the most exclusive areas of Phoenix, which can be a little intimidating but the staff is very warm and welcoming and quickly makes you feel at ease.  The golf is typical resort and very playable for players of all ability.  The greens and fairways were in great shape and the carts have GPS.  Some earlier reviews I read complained about the pace of play.  They must have listened because we played the Adobe in 4 hours even and the Links in 3:50.  This with a fairly full tee sheet!My only complaint is that the restaurant stopped serving food at 3pm...I usually like to end the day with a beer and a sandwhich but that didn't happen.  Also, the beer on the golf cart is very limiting...just your standard watered down swill.We would definitely play again!
5	Found a great rate on Golf Now - called in and spoke with Brad. He was extremely friendly, courteous, and gave great advice on what course to play. Hole 15 on the Links Course has incredible views and I recommend this course to anyone looking for a great value. One of the oldest courses in Phoenix too!
5	I am so fortunate to live near this 36 hole course. The Adobe is a more traditional course with forgiving fairways and greens. The Links course encircles the Biltmore homes and will give you a better challenge with awkward lies and elevated tees. The courses can play very slow so you may want to try playing later in the day. You can't beat the rate if you live in the valley and the course is always in great shape for the amount of play. Staff is extremely friendly and the restaurant offers great food at a reasonable price. I would stay clear of the course on the weekends in the morning. You will play a 5+ hour round.
4	I was lucky enough to play in an exclusive charity tournament last month at the Links Course here.  The course is old with many large trees that winds through the Biltmore neighborhood.  Because of it's age, the trees are large and come into play on many holes.  That's what makes it fun.The front 9 of the Links course is very flat, while the back 9 runs through the rolling hills and offers great views of Camelback Mtn and other area landmarks.  The 15th hole is a Par 3 that has a great view from the elevated tee.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arizona-biltmore-golf-courses-phoenix?select=RmvjTxU1tFBH1y780Zgf6g#RmvjTxU1tFBH1y780Zgf6gThe biggest downside to this place is the age of it's facilities.  The clubhouse is old and very small.  So is the pro-shop.  The parking lot is tiny too.  Because of these limitations, the post-tournament activities are staged outside...which isn't too great when you've been playing in the hot sun all day....I'd rather be inside a cool, air-conditioned building than out in a sweltering hot tent.Overall, the event and day of golf was fun and for a good cause.  I think if they invested some money on course updates and new facilities, it could be a 5 Star course.  For now, it gets 4 Stars from me.Return Factor - 90%
5	As a Phoenician, the Biltmore holds a special place in my heart. As a golfer, I wasn't let down in the slightest. You can't beat the quality of the course or the service for the price. Even in late November, you can still get a tee time for around $35 if you're an AZ resident! (Book on GolfNow) I showed up about an hour and a half early before playing the Adobe course.  The practice area was great. A very nice driving range and chipping/putting green with bunkers and plenty of tricky areas to practice getting up and down from. The course itself felt long and sprawling. It's beautiful and well kept and provided plenty of challenges to a higher handicapper like me. However, it's no so hard as to be frustrating or discouraging in any way. There are plenty of bunkers and water comes into play on a few holes. There's also a pretty fair amount of old Phoenix money around here, with mansions lining the fairways. This place has been pandering to the Arizona elite for decades. In fact, I believe it's the second-oldest golf course in the state. The service is top notch all the way. Someone is there to meet you at your car to take your clubs when you arrive. After my round, another guy met me at the drop off area and cleaned my club heads. I'm not used to getting that kind of five-star treatment as I usually play muni courses, so I was very surprised. I'm definitely going to play the Adobe course again as it's right down the street from me. I can't wait to try out the Links course one of these days. If you do play here, take some time to check out the restaurant and bar in the resort lobby. The place is packed with interesting bits of Arizona History and the architecture and lighting is amazing. I wandered up to the second floor to scope out some of the old pics. Also, I have to mention that every sitting U.S. President since Herbert Hoover  has spent at least one night at the Biltmore. Well, except President Obama, but I'm sure he'll swing by for a night before his term is up :)
2	Pace of play was VERY slow, 5 hour round on a very short course.  The holes are close together so keep a lookout for the players on parallel fairways because we were either hit into or had to wait for someone out of the wrong fairway on 25% of the holes.  The front nine is not too challenging, the back is much better...the greens on the back are more challenging.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the surrounding mansions are fun to look at and provide something to look at when you have to wait on every shot but I won't be back.
3	If you elect to play either of the Arizona Biltmore courses be prepared for a slow round of up to 5 hours. The club is under separate ownership from the Biltmore Hotel. Hotel guests pay considerably higher green fees than local residents. The owners of the courses pack as many people on the course as possible and do little to maintain a decent pace of play. Sometimes they run out of carts. Today's round took 5 hours on Adobe. The lead group had three open holes in front of them. Two groups behind us quit and we still had 3 groups waiting to tee off on 18. This is not an uncommon occurrence, and it's frustrated members for some time. Some have quit and joined elsewhere. The current owners have done little to rectify the situation and have demonstrated no inclination to do so. They have taken bad management to a new level. As for the courses, Links is more sporty and diverse than Adobe. The Adobe dates back to 1928 and is pretty wide open making for a lot of wayward shots into adjacent fairways. This once proud facility is but a shell of it's former self. I attempted to post this review on the course's website, but the "write review" link did not function. All but two of the reviews posted were at least 6 years old.
5	Damn fine place to play a beautiful game of golf. Well kept greens, landscaping maintenance is superb and the staff is very friendly. The course offers some good difficulty but is a bit more forgiving than desert courses.
2	Played the Links Course for the first time and will not be back.  The greens on the front nine were in terrible shape, like putting on the fairway.  Started at 3:30 and still paid $32 for the round, overpriced.
4	The course I s in good shape . The greens look slow but  are running around a 9 . The pace of plat was right at 4 hours but could have been 10 minutes faster.the cart girls were coming around every three holes. Drinks are a little on the expensive side . There is water available on the front and  before the 10 th hole.there are numerous beautiful homes on the course.  The sand traps did have rocks . The course is reasonably priced for the summer
1	I played this course for the first time on Saturday, December 6th 2014. Here's what I have to say: These were the slowest greens I have ever played in my entire life. They were terrible!
