3	Risking my life, wallet and personal safety I dash across a busy street, around homeless people and past gangsters to get to this store. It's not that I love circle K, and its not that this one is great as circle Ks go the secret is the location. My office sits in the middle of an urban wasteland with little near by aside from this lone circle K. On my visit today like many other visits I went for the fountain drink special. Any size $.89. I naturally go with the largest 44oz Styrofoam cup. I am pleased that there is diet caffeine free coke as that is a rare option. In addition to a decent fountain selection there are flavor and supplement shots that can be added. I skip the flavor shots as they probably have sugar and load on on B12, ecanacia, vitamin C and Ginkobiloba. There also is an caffeine and gurarna shot option but adding that to caffeine free coke seems a bit silly. There is the usual selection of junk food and beer, and a copious amount of legal stimulants at the counter for those too lazy to visit the numerous drug dealers near by. If for some odd reason you wanted a DVD there is a red box out front.This is not the cleanest or nicest convince store by far, but it is here.
2	If I were in need of meth or crack I would upgrade my rating, alas I go for sugar-free fosters and not drugs.This is the problem out of my past 10 visits only once was the sugar free foster operational. Another issue is the shortages of 40oz cups. Why pay the same price for a 32 oz  as a 40, oh yes they ran out of cups again.If you are in to illicit drugs, or low quality prostitutes than you may want to visit this location. I have witnessed several drug deals take place in plain sight in the parking lot, and my co worker was solicited by prostitutes her on numerous occasions.Unless you are in dire need of a soft drink and can not drive another mile do not come here.
3	My husband and I affectionately call this "Crazy Circle K." I don't think I could be surprised by anything I see. There is a huge mix of people here including: prostitutes, drug addicts, bums, business people from the nearby government buildings, people spreading God's word, and who knows what else! The people that work here deserve Patience Trophies or something for putting up with the wackos that they do. Almost all of the clerks are very friendly and even remember some details about their regular customers, but even if they are less-than-happy to be at work, I can't really blame them!!The other good thing about this Circle K is that they have a lot of gas pumps!!!
1	Saturday 06/03/2012 @ 1pm. Argh!!  This location is the worst of the worst. I have been at this location numerous times due to my work location, but today was the last. At about 1:00pm, I arrived on site and noted 3 tweakers hanging outside as usual. What was not usual was that employee Albert was standing outside smoking with them while the girl inside was stuck with a line of customers. Smoking and pandering to the customers basically adds up to loitering. The employees could care less. I walked inside and noted soda, ice, and trash all over the the floors and countertops in the fountain drink / hot dog area. I got my soda, and as I was waiting to pay, a guy ran out of the store with a case of beer. I ask the girl at the register if they want to prosecute if he's picked up. She's like no, he comes in here everyday, we already know who he is. Ok. I paid for my drink and left. What a dump unless you are a druggie or prostitute looking for a john.
1	It's still a tough deal at this franchise Circle K. The criminal element that hangs around there should be evident the minute you get ready to pull in. Unfortunately, corporate continues to allow this franchise to operate. Beer runs and robberies all too common. At least hire an armed guard for the evenings and nights. PPD responds to this location at least once a day in regards to a call for service. Not a safe situation there.
