2	I have lived here for about 5 months, the place is okay i guess, the ground are clean which I like, but the staff seems kinda disorganized.. they got our move in dates wrong which thank god I'm an early mover and didn't wait to the last min, then when we FINALLY moved in, we got a different apt than we were showed originally. The linen closet has a big freakin heater tank in it. Which okay whatever i guess is not that big of a deal but then I found out we pay more for our water because its not divided out between everyone else. Also EVERYTHING breaks our shower has broken twice, the closet light broke out the wall, the bathroom light fell out of the wall, the kitchen stove and the washer has all broke from the time we moved in (Last May). the only reason i give it 2 stars is because i do know there are a lot worse apartments out there but still my house is falling apart! When I go in the office i feel they always try and rush me out because i can finish my questions its really annoying. So be careful when looking at these apartments when looking for a place to live.
1	I'd give Via Ventura 0 stars if I could. Possibly the worst apartment complex in town. Staff is rude and unprofessional, not to mention extremely unorganized. The day my roommate and I moved in, we found out our leasing agent Nancy had failed to mention various charges that we were expected to pay on the spot. Every single time maintenance has come to fix something, workers have left a huge mess. There is always some kind of "renovation" going on here, which is extremely inconvenient to residents. In the 2 bedroom/2 bath apt, the master bedroom has a shower w/ tub but the other bathroom simply has a tiny shower very annoying. Whatever you do, do not move into these apartments.
4	My husband and I recently went to look at a 2 bedroom apartment and we had the nicest woman, Nancy Florez, who showed us the property. Her honesty and knowledge of not only the apartments but of what is in the surrounding area made me want to move in right away! This complex is our #1 pick and we're hoping to be back next month to sign a lease. If the rest of the staff there is half as nice as she was, I'll be recruiting all my friends to these apartments! I hope Nancy's boss knows just how lucky they are to have her as part of their staff!
5	Just signed another lease .Grace and Nancy are always so very helpful.The maintenance staff is wonderful and responds rapidly in the rare case of need.Response times are fabulous and the work is very neatly done.My MAC lipstick with free shipping did not melt because my package was held in the office.
2	I will say that the staff does a good job,the matinence crew is great which is why I gave it two stars instead of one. But these places are old, falling apart, decrepit, cheap,etc.  They have tons of tennis courts, not enough parking spaces, and only one good pool with a 30% chance that the jacuzzi is hot.  Our shower is so old its actually falling apart (the porcelain is chipping away) and the drain gets clogged all the time. The neighbors toilet runs and it sounds like its coming from our bathroom. The closet light (pull chain) came out and I electrocuted myself trying to put it back in.  The washer  and dryer are right in the kitchen and are very small and noisy.  They didnt even tell us a microwave isnt included (make sure to look).  The trim under the cabinets is missing in some spots, the light fixtures in the kitchen are covered by a plastic sheet thats very cheap and flimsy.  The neighbors water leaked and left spots in the ceiling as well.  The one bedroom is really small, the price ($850) isnt bad for the area, and they dont have any hidden fees. They have a dog friendly grounds which I like, but I had my car stereo stolen from the parking lot one night.  Dont park by the tennis courts!
5	I've been here since 9/21/14. My first two months have been extremely quiet, people friendly, grounds well kept and bug free. My place is partially upgraded nicely and is fair for the price. I love the location-Zipps Sports Grill, Grass Roots, Butters, Coffee joints, Chipotle, Jimmy Johns, an Indian Restaurant and TCBY. The Green Belt bike path will take you to Temp Town Lake. You rarely are on any roads with cars, so it's safe. 4.5 miles to old town which you can bike the canal. If you are having fun in Old Town, it's an $11 Uber ride. I'm sure there are noisier places in the community, but my place is great so far. Thankfully not many smokers around me either. The last two places which I reviewed were hell on earth in comparison. Oh yeah, the few minor issues I've had were handled immediately.
