3	They get the job done
5	I love this place.  Cheap, fast, friendly.  Their pizza tastes much better than it used to years ago, and I am absolutely in love with their Italian cheese bread.  Never had a problem here, but it can get busy during their Hot 'n' Ready hours (basically, after 5pm/dinner rush).Protip: if you DO want Italian cheese bread, call ahead and order unless you want to wait around for 10 minutes.
4	Just the same as always but this time we got the square pizza! MMMMM corners!
2	Customer Service could have been better, didn't ask to 'see ID' as indecated on my bank card, then when I offered for him to check it, 'oh, we don't check unless it is over $25.' Really?! Even though its indecating, you still won't check unless it 'over' an X amount? Another store did check, as requested. I don't think I will be returning to this store. Customer Service is alway Number 1 and making the customer feel welcome, regaurdless how busy you are. Dispite the companies popularity and how fast and ready it is, I dont think I will be Returning here. Plus the guy ran my card twice, threw the first copy away. So i will be checking the bank to make sure i wasnt doubled charged.
3	I don't usually review chains, but $8 hot n ready deep dish pizza is seriously good. And only $8!Demand was so high on a Thursday night that they kept running out - the stuff coming out of the oven was literally hot and ready!
1	Worst service all the time...."Hot and Ready" NEVER! Always out of any type of "Hot and Ready!" 25 minute wait always...poor management staff and planning. 7 attempts to get a "Hot and Ready"..........fail....every time....if we have to wait why not sit at home and order a good pizza to be delivered...lost my families business!
1	I have been to this location maybe 7 or 8 times in the past two years.  Not once, including tonight, have they ever had a hot and ready pizza of any kind available!!!  The price can't be beat but the service is ridiculous!!!  They can't even offer a free sauce or something!  If this is a franchise location, the franchise needs to remove this agreement because it is giving the company a horrible name.
1	First time here. Went in at lunchtime 12:50. Not "Ready". Was told it was a 10 minute wait.  I wouldn't have tried to get "Hot and Ready" pizza if I had 10 minutes to wait.
