4	United Car Services are always very professional and courteous.  Every time that I am in Vegas I use their services, be it, for business or pleasure.   United Car Services always makes me and my friends feel very special.
5	Why does Yelp only give you an option to rate with five stars? I would give United Car Service ten stars!Recently I went to Vegas with my girl and my buddy told me to use United Car Service for our limo. Let me tell you, it was great! Our driver was polite and funny. Picked us up at the hotel, not only was he on time - he was early! He took us to dinner, after that dropped us off at the party. We asked him to wait a little becasue the party did not look so hot. And it was not. After a not so good time at the party, my date and I wanted to just have a good night. Our driver took us to the most bitching party ever and then took us back to our hotel.I will most definitely use United Car Service and will tell all of my buddies, and we party in Vegas a lot!Order United Car Serivce and don't even worry about it.
5	The best service in town by far. very professional, luxury service. The united Car service in Las Vegas is truly amazing and they have my business for life.
5	The best in town!  Driver was courteous ,  and knowledgeable.  The car was immaculate .   I would use United again, and recommend to friends here -- and visitors to the city.
1	A united driver by the name Johnathan Wandler takes advantage of individuals seeking a taxi or ride on the strip offering to help. He does not tell you he is a not a taxi but rather a car service til after he has taken off with you in the car. There is no license displayed nor rates. Upon arriving at destination I am expected to pay a price that is well over double the cost of a taxi. It is very scammy and needs to stop. He should be upfront about cost first to those he is offering a ride off the street (or in front of hotel). He then offered to help reduce cost to $30 which I still was upset that he wasn't upfront (or advertise price in car). When I went into building to ATM and got out two 20s and asked front desk for change to give him 30. He said no it's not 30 anymore because you got upset. And if you don't pay I can make it up $300. What a horrible experience. Thanks for ruining part of my vacation. I would like a call from united explaining how this is acceptable service.
5	Last night we went to find a taxi and accidentally found Jonathan with United car service....he offered his limo service and told us up front exactly what the charge would be when we told where we wanted to go.to dinner.....we decided to use him instead of the taxi.....he was very nice and friendly......he suggested places we would like...and  gave us his card in case we wanted to use him on other occasions.....we liked him so much we used him on our return trip home......today we made the reservation at the place he suggested and hoped he would take us but unfortunately he was off.....maybe tomorrow.....we will definitely use him on other occasions and recommend his service
5	Great company! Very helpful and hands on.. Would definitely recommend to anyone traveling to Nevada. Staff was polite, accommodating, and more than willing to help out. Certainly the Best Limousine Service in Las Vegas!
5	I've been meaning to write this for a while. I used United during EDC and the driver was superb. He was able to navigate the confusing pick up and drop off procedure and get us there ASAP. Definitely 5 star service.
5	Flew into Vegas on a last minute trip and UCS was there to take care of my party of 10. These guys are professionals!
5	This past Tuesday I was staying at the M Resort out in "who knows where" off the strip.  My colleagues and I had a 6am flight home.   I was not confident the hotel would have a taxi at 4:15am when we needed it.  So I did a search on Yelp and found United Car Service.  I filled out the "contact us" section on their website requesting a quote for large SUV to the airport for 4:15am the next morning.  I received an email back from Joe Zane within minutes providing a very reasonable quote.  I responded/confirmed  and received an letting me the driver's name was David and that everything was set.  At 4:10am Wednesday I received a text from David letting me know he was waiting for us downstairs.  A black Cadillac Escalade ESV awaited and took me and my colleagues to the airport in quiet comfort.  Amazing service.  Easily arranged at the last possible moment. A very happy customer.
5	Where do I start with how awesome United Car Service is?! I am the Best Man in my best friend's wedding and we decided to throw the Bachelor Party in Las Vegas.  I called United Car Service and explained what I am looking for. They did exactly what I asked for in an extreme professional manner.  We had an excellent time and I owe it all to United Car Service.  We had a weekend to remember and stories that last a lifetime.Thank you!
1	We hired United Car Service for my daughter and her friends for Homecoming. It was just one problem after another. We paid up front but the driver insisted we hadn't paid. After a few phone calls, the office never ran our credit card. By this time, the kids were late for their dinner reservations. The driver was very unprofessional. Bad attitude and he smoked the whole time. After paying the driver cash, he left and the kids got a new driver and a new vehicle... And the new driver refused to take the kids anywhere until he got tipped. It was ridiculous. I would never hire this company again.
5	WOW , what an exceptional company. I am the picky guy that gripes all the time but this company showed up at the last minute for me and had me to my destination safe and sound only to be turned around by me in another change of plans. The whole time the driver couldn't have been nicer Great big thumbs up T. Mahoney
