5	Ever since I got my lash extensions done from you Julie, I have more time to do other things than putting mascara in the mornings. You make me look brighter and prettier and yes I do tell others the lashes are mine :) Love all you have offered and will be back for more.
5	Normally I only give 4 stars as I always feel there is room for improvement.  However, Julie has come across as someone with such great work ethic that I have given her 5 stars. I made my appointment with Julie from a Living Social voucher and it has been one that I will return and use again.  Julie has given me lashes! I'm 60 years old and  I've never had eyebrows or lashes, I have always had to use mascara and now Julie has given me something that has been a pure joy.  It has been close to 3 weeks since my original lash extension appointment and I believe I have been a tad rough with my lashes  so I'll go see if I need any fill but  they appear to be holding up beautifully!  Julie will work with your schedule as much as possible and even offers to travel to your home.  She is a wonderful "people person', you will not be disappointed.  Please just don't swamp her with too many appointments where I can' t get in to see her!  I will report later if I feel I need to add something to delete a star.
5	I have been going to Julie for about 2 years now and she has been the absolute best! I always receive many compliments!!! She is also a great listener and is very knowledgable about other Las Vegas based businesses. She is EXTREMELY professional yet very fun spirited. I love my Julie, she's a great person and will make your lashes look fantastic and natural! BTW SHE IS ALWAYS EXTREMELY BOOKED SO CALL AHEAD!
5	It was my first time going to Julie to get my eye lashes done and it certainly won't be the last! She did such an amazing job on my eyelashes and not only did she do an amazing job, but she was so friendly and made me feel totally welcome! I recommend that anyone wanting to get their eyelashes done that they go see Julie at the The Lash Boutique!
1	I've been calling the number listed 4 days in a row and left messagse.... no return call. I would like to know information on what services are offered, as well as pricing because it clearly doesn't state it on the website.  If you ask me, that is poor business etiquette.  At least return my call and tell me that there is nothing available rather than having potential repeat customer slip through the cracks.  I wont put effort into reaching this business anymore.
