4	This is the third and newest location of the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company (the first and probably most well-known one is the one in the Strip District).  Welcome to Oakland, popcorn purveyors!  I suddenly feel incredibly indecisive when I walk through the door of this place.  Which flavor to choose?  I can't even decide if I'm in the mood for salty or sweet.  Or do I want something that's both, like the Sweet n' Salty Kettle, or the Chicago style mix of caramel and cheddar popcorn?  Good thing the staff will offer to give you a sample of any flavor you desire.  A small bag is plenty for one person, and probably is equivalent to about two snack bags worth of popcorn.  The price of a small bag varies depending on the flavor, but is generally in the $3-$4 range (the chocolate caramel--uh, yum--is the priciest at $4.99 a small bag).I've also ordered tins of popcorn from the online store as gifts, and they've always been a big hit (such a big hit that one of my friends wrote a Yelp review for the Strip District listing).  Now I know an easy way to endear myself to people--popcorn!  That's a heck of a lot easier than having a winning personality.
4	So apparently there's a history in which stores in the Strip district are actually meant for wholesale, and so they name their stores "Pittsburgh (something) company," depending on what they sell.  I believe there is a biscotti company (which I have had their biscotti once before), a spaghetti/noodle/pasta company or something.  This one, of course, came later but since it started in the Strip they followed the tradition (who's gonna buy popcorn at wholesale anyway?).I don't really like popcorn very much, but if I were to eat popcorn I would only eat sweet popcorn.  The first time I bought it it was for Nana, but we both turned out to be super addicted to it, and we have only gotten it twice ever since (including this time).  I think their stuff is so good because of the amount of butter they put on it, but god, why is it so good!?  They're sweet, but not sickening, and I can continually eat them.  Even if I stop my mouth will water just looking at the bag (hence why me and my roommate have a mutual agreement not to buy these hahaha...)They also have other really special flavors, like Reese's peanut butter cups, bacon and cheddar, and various other salty flavors.  I'm personally only interested in caramel, so its the only one I've ever gotten.  They also sell popcorn in tins, if anyone ever wants to gorge themselves to death.
4	I am a popcorn fiend, and PPC meets all my fiendish needs! The popcorn is always *so good.* I think they typically have around 7 standard flavors, and then a flavor of the week. Wisconsin cheddar is my stand-by. So cheesy, and not artificial tasting at all, like some of the store brands. You can mix up y our flavors as well, and a fav around the lab here is the Chicago style-- cheddar and caramel popcorn mixed together. It's a bit pricey for popcorn, but well worth an occasional splurge (calorically and monetarily).This Oakland location is on 5th Ave, right smack in the middle of Pitt. They have gift certificates in $10 and $20 set values.
2	I have been to the Strip location of the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company and I would give that location 4.5 stars. Today I ran into the Oakland location which I hadn't visited prior. When I entered the location was a mess. It looked like behind the counter had not been cleaned in a while. I am assuming that this was because of the business of the location, but the Strip location appears to be much cleaner. I purchased two bags, one of the chocolate caramel and the rice krispy. Both were good. My only concern about the product itself was my bag of rice krispy was had other types of popcorn in it. When I ordered rice krispy, I wasn't hoping to get cheddar or dill pickle. I would suggest that if only is coming to Pittsburgh Popcorn Company for the first time, go to the Strip location. I
4	One year ago, students in Oakland finally gained the ability to grab something both sweet and salty as they wandered down Fifth Avenue between Atwood and Oakland avenues. The Oakland branch of the local Pittsburgh Popcorn Co. is small -- there's a counter, carnival-themed posters and decorations, a popcorn maker and bins of fresh and flavored popcorn. There's no sitting room -- people get their popcorn and go. There are free samples so people can taste and pick their favorite from nine or 10 gourmet popcorn flavors, which rotate and change by the week. Flavors include cheddar, chocolate, kettle, peanut butter and s'mores, as well as a Flavor of the Week.I've noticed that while the company strives to make its popcorn fresh, the bags I've bought have varied in flavor and freshness. I'm not sure why this happens, but still, a bag of popcorn from this store is often enough to keep me fed most of the day.I strongly recommend the chocolate and peanut butter covered popcorn, by the way!
4	Needed a last minute gift so I headed to the Pittsburgh Popcorn Co. on my way home from work. Friendly and helpful staff and it wasn't very busy. Be prepared to be driven close to madness by the amazing smell that hits ya when you walk in.  I thought they did a good job with the Chicago style--my favorite. I've frequently had Garrett's popcorn in Chicago (The King of Popcorn Shops) and this measured up fine. It felt a bit pricey to me for Pittsburgh but it's nice to have a quick, fun, appreciated hostess gift idea in your back pocket and these guys are on my list.
3	I didn't have time to stop by the Strip District location and was having a massive craving for caramel popcorn, so I decided to give the Oakland location a visit. I ordered my usual, a small bag of caramel popcorn. It was good, but not as good as the popcorn at the other location.
1	There is nothing positive at all. Unkind staffs and damp popcorn. the worst popcorn that I've tasted.
4	Okay...so I came back to give this place another try. Got the same order I always do, a small bag of caramel popcorn, and it was delicious!!!! Maybe my first experience was not representative of the product this location delivers.
3	Freshness varies. When I've been to events where they serve Pittsburgh Popcorn, it's always such a great treat! But when I stop in and get a small bag of regular buttered popcorn, it is usually stale :-(Stale popcorn makes me just so sad.
4	Favorite popcorn place! Their original shop in Strip District have more flavors but this place is just as good. For their staples, my favorite is definitely the chocolate caramel. Their Wisconsin Cheddar is also great but a little bit too messy and salty for me. The Oakland store has about three flavors that change weekly. Also if you go in near their closing time on Thursday night, the day before they change flavors, you might be able to get free bags of popcorn because they want to get rid of it. Otherwise they'll have to throw them out.
5	This place is extremely friendly and helpful when you aren't sure which flavor of popcorn to get, and the popcorn is excellent!
5	Love this place so much!!! Came back to visit during CMU's Spring Carnival and of course this was one of the many places I had to revisit. I got 2 bags of my favorite chocolate caramel, a jalapeno, and a zesty ranch. The chocolate caramel is my favorite but the ranch was a close second. Best part is I got all four of those bags for free because the employee who was helping me and I both like Childish Gambino (really awesome rapper, go listen to him).
5	Love love love this place!  Every time I stop by (either lunch hour or rush hour), this place is packed.  That being said, the guys who work there are always really nice and take care of everyone as quickly as possible; if they are swamped, they'll smile and ask if you'd like a sample while they finish the orders ahead of you.  Definitely don't ignore you like other locations have.  P.S. The smashed Oreo cheesecake flavor is THE BEST!  If they have it, I recommend buying a big bag.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I haven't been to the Strip location, so I can't compare the two.I go crazy for PGH Popcorn like some people go crazy for chocolate candy--it's my snack crack.  I particularly enjoy eating it while watching movies, and have developed a  tradition of sneaking a small bag into the movie theater in my purse (shh!).  This place is right across from my work, so I'm constantly tempted to stop by and pick up a bag.  I've been good lately due to being on a diet, but I used to do so with enough frequency that I filled up a punch card (you can print these out from the website)--I still have yet to redeem my free bag, but I'm sure I'll be back in the next couple months to do so. My two favorite flavors are the Wisconsin cheddar and chocolate peanut butter.  I love the cheddar because of its velvety, cheesy consistency, and I love the choco peanut butter for its huge chunks of rich chocolatey goodness.  My favorite seasonal flavor is the Peeps flavor around Easter--I'm still bitter that I somehow missed out this year.  Even if you don't like Peeps, try some--I daresay you'll be pleasantly surprised by its crunchiness and just the right amount of gooeyness in its marshmallow chunks!Unlike some other reviewers, I can't say I can recall ever receiving a stale-tasting bag of popcorn here.  Then again, this may depend on which flavors you order, since I think the flavors I prefer are some of the more popular ones, and I've never ordered the butter flavor.  The staff are always friendly and generous with samples, and even gave me a free bag once when I was in pain--now that's great customer service!
4	I have visited the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company many times since I have moved to Pittsburgh. They are constantly changing flavors and post the flavors of the week on their websites as well as on a sign outside the store. Some unique flavors I've seen them make is dill pickle, buffalo chicken, and confetti. My favorite flavors are actually the classics which include kettlecorn and cheddar. They even allow you to mix and match flavors based on the size of the bag you want. Getting popcorn there is a great gift to give to your loved ones. I highly recommend the Oakland store because they are super nice and are not as busy as their other locations!
5	Popcorn is my favorite thing in the world. I should give them 4 stars--only because they confuse me so much with all the choices!They have a flavor for everyone (a flavor not for me is the vanilla almond--yuck). I love the simple ones like cheddar or caramel and the special ones like thin mint or peanut butter cup. The prices are reasonable but the special flavors cost more. I love this place and the employees seem to always be happy to be there!
