5	Loved every bite! Great idea to have tapas for italian-style dishes. I tried the bison tartare, the gnocchi, the cod and the risotto. All were delicious. My personal favorite was the bison tartare,it was excellent. The gnocchi were light and the fact that they were pan-fried gave them especially good flavor. The cod was perfectly cooked and had a wonderful sauce. As for the risotto, I have almost never had good risotto in a restaurant, this one was perfect. Wish I had left room for dessert.The atmosphere is great, the drinks were good, and I hear they will have a terasse in the summer.Can't wait to go back!
4	We were treated very well here. A friend and I attended the grand opening of this neat little spot looking onto rue de la commune east and the water in Old Montreal. The concept is Italian tapas and boy were they tasty. We had a roasted vegetable salad, black cod with pistachio crust and fried gnocchi. The absolute stand-out star of this selection was the fried gnocchi which was unlike any gnocchi that I had tasted before - it was mixed with pesto and prosciutto and fried in the prosciutto oil. Drool. This is how gnocchi should be made. The other two dishes were OK but nothing I found to be particularly memorable. I would absolutely come back to sample some of the other offerings on the menu and to take in the lovely environment at this location. Thumbs up.
5	This restaurant is a true gem. Not only is the atmosphere inviting and warm, but the food is beyond words. From the seafood risotto to the Italian sliders and of course the goat cheese lasagna, mamas homemade Italian dishes are right at your fingertips. Delicious, simple and made with love, this food will have you coming back for more! Highly recommend it!
5	Came to Montreal for the first time and this was recommended on yelp. This place is easily 6 stars! The service here was impeccable and the food was AMAZING ! The restaurant has an amazing intimate an cozy space  right in old Montreal. The waitors were on point and we didn't have to ask for anything (bread was refilled and so were drinks) I wish we had one in America! This is a gem!
2	We were sorely disappointed by this spot, but for reasons that could be easily fixed.  First, the location and decor are beautiful--classy, elegant, and relaxed.  Onto the issues:1.  Service was spotty.  On a recent Thursday evening, our server was nonexistent for much of our dinner.  For example, our bottle of wine sat on the table for more than 10 minutes until he walked by (finally) and realized that he forgot to open it.  I would have, of course, said something sooner had we been able to find him.2.  Despite our request to have the tapas ordered in a particular way, nothing came out from the kitchen with any logic or sequence.  So a meaty appetizer came out before a salad, which was then followed by the soup--not the way we requested it at all.3.  The food itself was very mixed.  The Mediterranean salad was creamy, because it suffered from too much cheese.  The bruschetta were perfect, so no complaints there.  But the gazpacho was extremely bland and lacked any evidence of seasoning.  The tomatoes tasted as if they had come straight from a food processor with no spicing at all.  Just cold pureed tomatoes--not the spirit of gazpacho at all.  Worse yet were the braised bison ribs, which the server described as done in an "amazing" cola sauce.  I've braised ribs and pork in coke numerous times.  The flavor should be slightly sweet and deep.  These were super-sweet and bland at the same time.  Once again, the food lacked any seasoning whatsoever. Disappointing.With a bit more attention to these culinary details, this spot could be excellent.
5	This is a great place.  Freddie the owner is a perfectionist.  He is involved in every aspect of the restaurant workings. The food is tremendous. We had the meat and chess plate and it was to die for. The seafood risotto was delicious, mussels, shrimp and scallops in a creamy rice.  Morel mushrooms was an add on for the evening and they were the best I ever had. The kitchen is on the ball and the staff will help I every way and are very patient,  it is in a great location, and the menu is unique.  You will not be disappointed.  They take care of every detail rest assured.
5	First time in Montreal with my family.   We wanted to treat ourselves to a delicious steak...this place did not disappoint us.  We had the 28 oz porterhouse steak which came served with their delicious homemade fries and it laws served on a wooden cutting board.    They is serve fresh crispy bread with dipping oil and balsamic vinegar and then sn amuse bouche that was delicious..all no charge.  We have a picky 14 year old and a more adventurous 12 year old but  that did not matter.   They cleaned their plates.   We ate at 5 so at that time it was not busy.  We were dressed casually as well.   The manager Yussin was very attentive and so friendly.  We asked or some travel tips and one of their staff. Came over and told us about family friendly activities.   We will be back.    This was an outstanding  dining experience.  yummy.
