3	This feedback is meant as constructive as the owner/chef and server we had were so friendly and wanted to please. Obviously this restaurant is very new and meant well, so perhaps these issues will be easily remedied. Persian spices can be on the overt and sourish side, so it would be a good idea if the had better descriptions of the menu items (and an English menu to help out those who don't read French or Persian names well). The items we ordered were good for someone who knows and likes authentic Persian cuisine. The minced meat kebab's are marinated to a very specific taste and their tzatziki is a slightly sour (not bad) and thinner version than the thicker Greek version many locals in Montreal are used to. We would have liked to know try more of the straight forward chicken and beef kebab's, but again the menu was not easy to decipher and many items seemed expensive. Granted the portions were quite fair. I even asked if my "Olivier" salad (usually a mixture of potatoes, vegetables and boiled eggs with mayo) pita wrap was two sandwiches. I also know that meat is costly these days, but it may be helpful to have some just-opened-half-order or try-me-specials. One standout was the salad dressing (a creamy garlic style), that was silver gravy boat worthy. In sum I am open to experimentation, but some like the more traditional and simple flavours of kebab's on the grill. I'm sure other menu items would yield these tastes.
5	This new restaurant is a cozy place in verdun offering very delicious Persian foods with decent prices.
5	Very nice and friendly staffs, yummy foods with decent prices.I will definitely come back here.
4	Since my first experience, I've seen the ownership place new colorful photos of their menu items in the window. In fact they have a newly laid out menu with many well taken photos. I was glad to see this, as I had made a constructive comment when I first reviewed them a few months ago. It is nice to see they take reviews the right way. I got to try their Cardamon Persian tea (I added sugar). which had an elegant taste. I also re-tasted their 'Olivier' sandwich and I'll say it is much better eaten fresh (not sure what type of mayo is used, or if it's just the eggs mixed with the potatoes, but I'm a fan - parsley adds a nice bright finish). To top it off I tasted a dessert, I think spelled 'Shole-zard', which is a Persian sticky rice pudding of sorts (I believe there is rosewater, saffron, cinnamon, and almonds in the recipe). The couple that owns the restaurant were there and shared a plans for a daily special at 9.99 which I believe they will be posting in the window soon. New decor items are also on order which will help warm up the space to match the caring service. I now must make it a point to go back and try other menu items. On a final note, don't be fooled by the apparent or expected high prices of Persian cuisine, there is plenty to choose from in the $6-10 range. Merci (also used as thank you in Farsi I've been told and read - ironically whist dining en Quebec).
5	Very good food and a very nice restaurant.
5	Great service, delicious food! The meat tastes extremely fresh!! I suggest this place in a heartbeat!
2	Nice enough place, good service but the food was very bland, Parisa is just a few blocks away and a much better option
