4	This location of Michael's recently opened in StoneCrest Shopping Center in the old Border's space.  The store is more well-lit and better organized than the store at the Arbo.  They seemed to have a really good selection of merchandise as well.
3	I enjoyed my visit at this location. It was a huge space, plenty of options. I found exactly what I needed and so much more! I'm trying to become more crafty, and this place offers classes and great ideas for things to do around the house! Another bonus was that all of the sales associates were friendly and welcoming.It's a great addition to this shopping center! And I look forward to coming back!
5	I am SO excited to have this new Michael's so close to home!!!  I'm an avid baker and love crafts so I visit Michael's almost on a weekly basis.  I really like this store!  They have a good selection and the sales people are extremely helpful and friendly.  Even during the very busy Christmas season, the sales associated greeted everyone with a smile and were happy to help in any way they could.  They would even use their phones to scan online coupons since my Windows phone won't bring them up properly.  That's going above and beyond!I have shopped at every Michael's store within a 50 mile radius of Waxhaw and it's the service that sets this store apart from the rest.  Because of that, I give this store 5 stars because, for me, it's "as good as it gets" for Michael's.
5	This new Michael's located in the space at Stonecrest formerly occupied by Borders is awesome!  The interior upfit of the building for it's new tenant is great.  The store is brightly lit and clean and fully stocked.Stopping by after work on a Monday night, armed with a 25% off my entire purchase coupon from the Michael's website, there were quite a few shoppers around.  I browsed the bead section, which is located right at the front of the store, briefly, and liked what I saw.  (they also had a 40% special on the brand of beads that I most often purchase).  I strolled around the store not really looking for anything in particular, but looking around.  This store showcases the frames/framing department with soft directional lighting in addition to the fluorescents overhead.  While this is a big box store, the lighting seemed not as harsh as in typical stores, and as it is new, the space seemed clean and inviting - I could have spent a lot more time here wandering the aisles.I found what I needed in the back corner (cross stitch) and made my way to the front checkout.  This store has you line up and wait for the next available cashier, which I prefer to getting knocked down by people stampeding towards an open line.  Clean and well laid out store, I can't wait until I have a new craft project to start so I can visit again.
4	(6/9/13) I'd never had a picture framed at Michael's. For a number of years I had used another gallery across from the Park Road shopping center. Then there was a lull... My wife started working for Michael's and got to know the head of the framing department. She suggested that we have a watercolor of my parents' former house reframed.I brought the watercolor up to the store on Sunday afternoon. I arrived a bit early and brought it to the framing center. The framing manager's name is Steve. Steve has been with Michael's for a very long time & is very capable with helping customers to choose the perfect combination of mats & frames. Michael's has an interesting computerized system where the artwork is photographed & digitized. It is then displayed on a computer with the chosen mats & frames. It makes it a lot easier to visualize the finished piece.Steve worked with my wife and I for about an hour. I think we will soon have a reframed picture that we will be proud of.
4	This Michael's relocated from Stonecrest from Carolina Pavillion off of South Boulevard. It is big, bright and has everything you might need for a crafting project. I really like how it is conveniently located, and they always have great coupons on their app.Only problem is they usually only have 1 cashier and a line of people. Other than that it is a great store. **Just a tip, sometimes retailmenot.com has in store coupons for Michaels that is better than their app, so just look, have the barcode on your phone screen and they can scan it.
4	In an effort to be more "artsy" I ordered a print from my college and figured I'd bring it to have it framed to put up in my house. My wife and # 2 daughter went Saturday afternoon, this was my first time in Michaels since, I'm a guy you know.  WOW, what a first impression....it's like I am in arts and craft heaven if there is such a place. They had pretty much everything from trinkets for school projects to canvas things you can paint on.Anyway I waited in line for the framing section which was 2 people deep but it moved quickly.  I handed the lady my print and since I'm a framing virgin she immediately started separating me from my money.  I should have just handed her my wallet.  The lady was very helpful and made some great suggestions.  Only thing was when it was all said and done I walked out spending over $200 for a frame!!!  WOWEE who knew that's what it costs?  I sure didn't.It's going to take a few weeks for my frame and for the $$ I bet it will be gorgeous.  Michaels has just about everything you need for craft type projects so I would definitely go back if I needed some popsicle sticks, or tie dye paint for a shirt.  I may shop around a bit for framing.
4	When you work for Yelp, you find yourself in the middle of arts and crafts time a lot. A CM's bestie in these creative adventures: Michael's.There's a Michael's location less than a mile from my house. However, it's a smaller store and the St. Paddy's section had been pillaged. So, off to the Ballantyne I went.This Stonecrest store is huge. I get overwhelmed and lost in the Park Road one... so just try to imagine the panic attack I had in this location. I can't get believe how big it is. TWSS. (any The Office fans here?) This Michael's is clean, nice and bright. Everything is well spaced. I didn't feel as claustrophobic here as I do in the Park Rd location.I walked over to the St. Paddy's section and found exactly what I needed. What did I need? Well, a shamrock table cloth and garland of course. Spoiler alert: the garland was perfect to make some fake boas for a marketing booth I was doing for the pub crawl.St. Paddy's. Check. Easter... you're up next. I'll see you again soon Michael's.
2	I recently went in to exchange some beads that I had bought at Michael's but kept forgetting to return them.  I finally remembered and went in with the receipt and had the items I wanted to return along with the items I wanted to exchange them for.  I figured this would be no problem but boy was I wrong. I was told that it was past their 90 day return policy(It was 94 days) and they would not be able to take them back.  I was dumbfounded.  There was nothing special about the beads and they had the exact beads on the floor, they were not clearanced, they were not marked down, but they couldn't even exchange them because this is "The Policy".  I spoke with a manger named Sandra and explained that all I wanted to do was exchange them, she said there was absolutely nothing that could be done, this was "THE POLICY.  I told her that I understood it was past their guidelines but based on the fact that I had a receipt, had paid full price, was only asking them to exchange them couldn't they do it this time.  Let me add that I had an additional $100 worth of beads in my hand to buy.  Sandra said absolutely not and that was that.  I told her I wanted her superior and she said she was one of the managers.  I told her great then let me speak with the store manager because I had never heard of anything so ridiculous.  I wasn't asking for any money just an even exchange.  Another manager came out and Sandra told him what the issue was and that she told me they would do nothing.  The next manager went on about the 90 day policy and that it was in place because of seasonal control.  I asked him how beads are seasonal, especially when the exact beads are on their floor at the full price that I paid.  He told me no and I handed them the $100 worth of beads that I was going to buy and left.  I went out to my car, called the corporate office, explained the issue and asked them why they could not honor this based on the fact that I was only asking for an exchange.  Once again I was told about "The Policy".  Again I told the young lady I understood and that I had never returned anything to Michael's but in the future I would make sure to adhere to "The Policy".  She told me that she was going to call the store while I was on hold and that it was totally up to the individual store manager whether he wanted to exchange them for me.  After a few minutes she returned, said she had talked to the second manager I had spoke with and he would do an exchange.  I graciously thanked her and returned to the store.  This time I only grabbed the 4 strands of beads that were to be given for the exchange.  Once again as I exchanged them I was told about "The Policy" and this was a one time courtesy exchange.  I told the manager I appreciated it and that had he of given me the exchange previously I would have spent well over what the exchange was for.  I often visit Michael's and rarely use a coupon and often spend over $100.  Unfortunately the lack of interest in keeping a good customer has cost them.  I admit I did not know the return policy.  In todays world most stores will give you an exchange especially if you have your receipt.  I have worked management in retail most of my adult life and would have let a manager have it if they had cost me a customer all for the unwillingness to bend a little.  Had they had told me what the policy was and said but lets see if we can work something out they would have retained me as a customer.  Had Sandra not have been so adamant that there was absolutely no way that they could accommodate me and worked on solving the problem instead of creating a larger problem, I would probably be willing to return.  However Sandra's attitude and poor customer service told me I never want to step foot in this place again.  I give the customer service rep in TX a big A+ on customer service and how to work on resolving a problem.  As for this store I will never step foot in it again.  That's about a $3000 customer that they just lost.
