5	Love, love, LOVE this place!!! The food is delicious and it's really close to my house. The great thing is eating here before or after your movie. It's one of the better choices in Aliante, if you don't mind eating in the food court. You can also get pretty healthy fare here. Might I suggest the grilled Mahi Mahi burrito?? Cause it's mighty tasty! Especially with the tomatillo salsa and a little lime. I tried the mahi mahi fish tacos as well, but I much prefer the burrito. I think it has more flavor and the portion is HUGE! One burrito will definitely fill you up. If not, it comes with chips too.
4	What a great find! This was my first time checking out Rubio's. Honestly I was thinking this was a certain "other" mexican place in Aliante. But I was willing to try this one instead. Glad I did! I thought it would be a good late lunch while waiting for my movie to start...I was pleasantly surprised! YUMMY YUMMY street tacos! Now I am a huge fan of street tacos, but these were amazing! Especially for a "fast food" place. I'm used to the little vendor stalls at local events and was not expecting to be blown away. This really was like eating tacos in Mexico! Only I didn't have to worry about getting sick! hahaI had the 3 little carnitas street tacos with chips and beans. A small side of the mild salsa and an ice tea! I asked for it to go, since I don't usually manage to finish a complete meal. Was I wrong. I ate all 3 tacos which were warm and juicy and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the cilantro and onions on top! I am a huge fan of cilantro, so if you are not you may not appreciate this as much as I did, but it's not overwhelming like some other Mexican places I have eaten at. The side of beans seemed small at first, but combined with a bit of salsa and the chips it was perfect! My mouth is watering just writing this review! The beans did need a bit of salt to meet my taste...just saying! The mild salsa was a bit too "tomatoey" for me, but they do advertise it as tomato based...I'm going to have to try their tomatillo salsa next time. They use Lipton leaf tea here so I was pleased! Even unsweetened it was delicious and refreshing. (Just an FYI, I managed to walk into the movie theater with this cup and nobody batted an eyelash!)BONUS!So, I don't know what the service is like on a weekend or evening, but since Monday afternoons are my movie days now I thought this was a perfect lunch on my perfect day off! Thank you Rubio's and Aliante station for making my day wonderful!I hope everyone can enjoy this location!
4	Although it seems that Rubio's in on the cusp of dropping their standards they are still good. The fish tacos rock.
4	I was given a free meal at this location and went ahead and redeemed it.  The food was good and the service excellent.  An improvement over the last time I was here.  My only recommendation is for them to not cook the fish until it is hard and crispy.  Just lightly fry it.  Good job.
1	This truncated review is based on free fish taco promotion that they have, I guess annually, at this chain. One time was all I needed to stain my amygdala with the horror that is the experience of a fish taco at Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill. We went at nighttime. Not sure if this mattered; and it might have been for ANY tacos, but all they had left was fish. I cannot remember; it was maybe two years ago. I figured this place - the location -  if not the entire chain would be CLOSED due to insolvency by now, it was that terrible. So we had fish tacos. My girlfriend had one and I had one. I don't remember there being that many people there; it was weeknight. We were going to the Regal right next door afterwards to catch some forgettable picture. The fish taco was the worst fish taco I have ever had. In fact, I have never had another fish taco since then, now that I think of it. My organism as a whole said NO MORE FISH TACOS, GUY after the experience. I will never patronise Rubio's again, but I hope to someday, with lots of therapy, be able to overcome my fear of fish tacos and have another one (somewhere far far away). - E
5	I have been eating at this location twice a week for about four months now. The food is always fresh and delicious; the employees always kind, helpful, and efficient.I love the fish tacos, add a squeeze of lime and WOW. Very yummy. The grilled salmon burrito is delicious, very big for the price. I have yet to be able to eat an entire one in one sitting. My boyfriend is a fan of the chipotle shrimp salad.
4	I seriously adore Rubio's! I wanted to give this location a shout out because I always receive awesome service here. You can't be fast, cheap & delicious Mexican food :)
5	I used to live in San Diego back in the early 2000s and couldn't get enough of this place, so when I found out there had a couple in Vegas...we had to stop by and get our fill! It might not be the Cali air that I'm used to but this spot in Vegas does this grill justice!!! - You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu unless you don't order anything off the menu! haha!
5	Love them! Super yummy fish tacos. Always have had great service. I enjoy most everything on their menu. Fresh and good.
5	This place has been here for the longest and I can't believe I haven't taken advantage of it being so close to home. Not only that I was looking for healthy food that was close to my place so maybe it'll be one of the place I frequently visit. Here it is "FISH TACOS"! If you don't like seafood, or sea fare well it's fine you can order something else off the menu, but as for me I go for the new 3 taco menu sampler. Can't get any better than the Original Fish Taco Beer Battered and so good.
2	Rubios is good,but this location is not the best. They need to get with the program. My food has been cold and when Rubios comes out with new items,they lag in getting that menu item. When rubios.com says a new menu item has arrived it should be on the menu!
4	I have visited here a two times in the last two weeks, ordering the H Mex Chicken Burrito. Quality is pretty good. Not a bad place.
