4	How fitting is it that my first review for my hometown of Waterloo is the first review of Williams Coffee Pub?I remember when Williams first opened. It was early 1996 and I was in Grade 12. Before, there was really no place else in Waterloo where high schoolers could loiter in style. There was nowhere to sit with friends just to hang around, to see and be seen by every other teenager in town. On summer nights in 1995 and earlier, we resorted to drinking Slurpees at the park. There were just no other options.Then Williams appeared with its fancy coffee drinks, its big, shareable slices of cake and its 24 hour opening time. It was just what the Waterloo kids needed!The hours are now reduced to 6:30am to 1am, sadly. However, Williams is still busy busy busy all the time. The drinks and food are mostly ordinary stuff, but this remains a default spot to meet friends for a chat or for students to taking refuge from the university libraries. Most of the booths are occupied by one person who has taken over the space with textbooks and laptop paraphernalia. My retired mother likes to meets her other retired lady friend here for a cappuccino, although she does complain that the place can be a little bit noisy for her taste. This is the heart of student land, so that's not surprising.Also, there is free wifi at this Williams location. Tangent: when I first started hanging out here, the Internet was only available via dial-up at the school library and we needed parental permission in order to purchase a school board-approved e-mail account.
4	One of my favourite hangouts near UW campus. They have plenty of seats and is great for sipping some coffee or tea while listening to the din of pleasant conversation.Their specialty coffees and teas are very good. They also serve an array of refreshing cool drinks. I love their desserts, especially the Belgian Waffles with Ice Cream. If you want, you can also order meals, but I'd stick to the soups and sandwiches. Their other entrees are overpriced and a little undewhelming.Can't say enough about their atmosphere and the drinks. If you've got an hour or two to kill with friends and want a good hang out, this is the place.
5	Williams is awesome to get your fix of coffee if you ever get tired of the five Tim Horton's on the UW campus. Pretty good place to study, hang out, and meet with others too.It is really loud in hear though. You will only be able to hear the people sitting around you seriously.
4	Although you certainly can't expect a gourmet dining experience here, Williams - fondly dubbed "Willys" - is a great place to sit and catch up with friends. I like to share a waffle and sip on a London Fog, it makes me feel like I'm a tween again. As other reviewers have mentioned, the atmosphere is quite loud and the patrons are mostly students, save for the one older man who sits in the corner playing backgammon every day. The ambiance is nice, with a bunch of cool booths and an exposed brick wall featuring funky paintings and art. Service is generally pleasant and prompt, unless your server can't find your table number and wanders around the joint looking lost for several minutes, which is more amusing than it is irritating. The large chalkboard menu is attractive and boasts a large drink and food selection. I can't speak much to the food options, however, as I usually stick to beverages or desserts. I've had the grilled veggie and goat cheese panini several times, which is good but slightly overpriced for what it is.
3	Their food is generally good.  I like their half salad, half panini offer, for instance. Yum! But, just ordered the breakfast (egg, bacon etc). Probably the worst I've had. The scrambled egg was dry and crunchy and tasteless (tasted like overcooked scrapings from the bottom of the pan). The bacon also had almost no flavor. Homefrys were okay, and the toast would have been good (it was a bread with seeds and Yumminess) if it hadn't been burnt crisp. The burnt characteristics of the meal in general could have been the result of a busy kitchen, but the tastelessness is more difficult to explain away. Approach the breakfast with care--or better yet, go for the panini and salad. Or anything else on the menu. They have lots of yummy stuff that is definitely worth trying!
4	William's is not just a place to get food! I've seen people come here to study (free wi-fi!) while sipping on coffee, meet with friends and talk for hours while sharing one slice of cake, bring dates and share a crepe or waffle, or just sit on the patio reading with a chiller in one hand.But of course, they have tasty food. I recently tried their new "Picks" menu, where you get half of any sandwich and/or panini, a side salad or soup and a dessert (cookie, apple or kettle chips). My favourite combination for picks is: pesto chicken panini, strawberry fields salad w/ feta (or something like that -- this is DELICIOUS!) and kettle chips. It's a bit pricy -- around $8-$9 for the combo, but really you're paying for the atmosphere (casual sit-down restaurant). On the flip side, I find their breakfast is mediocre and overpriced.William's also has a great selection of cakes .. chocolate, mousse, cheesecake, etc. Perfect for sharing with a friend or a date!Overall, it's a great place to meet with friends or study (if you don't mind the loud noise). You walk in, order your food and choose your own table so there is no real wait staff, just bussers who come around clearing and cleaning tables. You pay for your food when you order at the counter so no one will ever subtly ask you to leave by giving you your chequeLastly, not sure why this establishment is labelled "nightlife". The only thing related to "nightlife" about it is that it's open late ... until 1am. Other than that, it's a normal coffee shop (doesn't even have live music nights, though it does have a few bottles of beer, liquor and wine!)
3	Williams is kind of like KW's Tim Horton's. Okay, not really, Tim Horton's is flourishing in KW too but there certainly seem to be as many William's coffee locations as Tim's in the city.Williams serves coffee, obviously, but it also serves a wide array of sandwiches, smoothies and desserts. They actually have a kitchen where they prepare meals.They also have free wifi which keeps this place packed with university students and professors alike, all camped out in the booths working on their lap-tops. There's also a small patio.You order and pay at the counter in exchange for a big number you put on your table so they know where to bring your food or drink when it's ready.This location is always buzzing with people so don't expect to get any quiet reading done here, but if you like a bit of background noise, this is the place for you.
4	Went here for coffee and some mixed berry pie, but the actual food looked like it was really good. Had I not stuffed myself only a little while before I went, I would have definitely tried out the chicken pot pie! The thing that stands out most about Williams is the relaxing atmosphere. I know many people come here just for that. I guess the secret is somewhere in between the nice lighting and fact that the employees don't bother you at your table. I know that they also have free Wifi and that when the weather is warmer, people like to unwind outside in the patio seating. Tim Horton's doesn't even compare to this place.
4	this place is awesome for having having iced coffee drinks on a summer day or hot soup on a winter night. It's great for meeting friends to study or just to chat. I would come here over starbucks, second cup or any bubble tea place (unless you are craving bubbletea of course)!
3	I had the chicken pesto sandwich when I went. It was pretty bland. My friend had waffles, which smelled and looked much more appetizing. I may go back to try the waffles, but won't go back for lunch or dinner.
1	Frequently go here but it's really awful. The food is extremely small portions and it seems like the manager is always finding ways to give the customers less. Sandwiches are all bread and never have any filling. If you get a side with an entree it's extremely small and not worth the $3.50 extra. Avoid this place if you can. It's more expensive than Tim hortons and of lower quality. Poor service as well. I've noticed this location is particularly bad compared to others so I wouldn't write the whole chain off but definitely this location
5	great great food!
3	Speaking purely on the clam chowder soup...It's okay. Not very good, not very bad. It's saltier than I would've liked though, as I ended up being quite thirsty at the end.Service is decent, though I had to yell over the employees for them to clear off my table, since all the other tables were occupied.Their coffee is good though.
2	Way. Too. Fricking. Expensive. I mean come on, it's at university plaza, people aren't made of money here. The one time I came here with someone who was paying, I ordered a sandwich and it was quite delicious, but not worth the $10. It was the same quality as one of those finger sandwiches they always have for free at office meetings or UW's co-op info sessions.
4	This Williams is pretty good. As a broke student I only really buy coffee here, but I've heard their food is at least alright. The coffee is good, definitely better than timmies and less bitter than Starbucks. They also recently renovated and it looks way better now than it did before. It's a good place to chill out, talk with a friend and have a decent cup coffee. The staff is pretty nice too.
4	Went here for lunch this past Friday and got to sit outside on the patio which was lovely. I haven't been back to Waterloo in years but was back interviewing students from the university and had a 1 hour break. I was able to walk from the campus, order and have my goat cheese and beet salad  (7.99) served with salmon (4.99) and get back in time with 10 minutes to spare. My coworker had a chipotle turkey club panini (7.49) that also looked quite good. I was impressed that the salmon that was added was only 4.99 because it was a substantial piece. You also have a choice of tuna, chicken, and roast beef too. The salad also had some candied pecans and sliced apple and a yummy Acari berry dressing on the side. Good service and good food. Their muffins and other treats looked yummy as did other items on the menu. Worth checking out!
4	With no outlets in sight and wifi more unreliable than Spring in Waterloo, it's pretty clear Williams doesn't want you to spend all day in their cozy booths. Williams is a great place to have lunch (highly recommend the BLT & A) or a coffee with friends. Yet it's not a coffee shop like Starbucks where you feel comfortable studying or reading all day in. Overall, I'm a fan, but think great lunch spot rather than cozy coffee shop.
