4	These optometrists are conveniently located right inside Lenscrafters.  If you are shopping for eyewear and need an rX they have walk in appts available, it may be a longer wait time though.  I scheduled mine via online thru Lenscrafters website. It was pretty easy. Very little wait time with scheduled appointments. Front office staff pleasant. Checking in was easy.Typed in my info at desk. Checked in 15 min prior to appointment got called in as soon as I filled out the paper work and paid for my registration fees.   Pre-screen by assistant was eye opening..pun intended.  Opted to use the Otomap eye exam vs the traditional dilating your eyes with eye drops. So much faster, actually no wait at all, whereas the traditional way you have to wait 45 minutes MORE and have to deal with the side affects afterwards. The Otomap was so much easier and faster. No wait and no side affects after the exam. It's not covered under my health plan but the extra $ I paid was worth it for me. All you do is look at the little green dot thru the eye hole and a green laser flashes and takes a picture of your eye. Pretty painless procedure. The office was fairly busy for a Sunday afternoon.  I still had to wait for a room to become available  after the pre exam, so I killed time trying on eyeglasses on the LC side. By the time I was called and Doc came in the room was 10 minutes past sched. appt.  Not bad.  Optometrist who did the exam today was really nice and my exam went by pretty quick. Wooo was I as blind as Mr. Magoo!  I appreciate that Dr. was respectful regarding me being in denial that Im getting old and in that age bracket that needs bifocals to read.  I didnt want to bother with it and opted for single vision lenses.  Got my rX and my Dr. led me out and got a rep from LensCrafters side to help me choose my eyewear.  Total time from check-in time/wait/and check out 30 minutes.
2	My wife and I went to this office about a year ago for our annual check up.  We weren't thrilled immediately.  If felt like they were interested only in getting us in and out so they could collect their fees.  Still, my wife got glasses and I got a refill of my contacts, with a modified prescription.  Initially all seemed OK, but not too long after I started to need reading glasses to see smaller print.  I figured it was just a normal progression of my eyesight, as that is a common development for most over time.  My wife started getting headaches if she wore her glasses for very long.  She thought that was just a case of adjusting as she hadn't worn glasses, other than reading glasses, before.Not being happy with the feel of this office, this year we went to a different provider.  The experience was much better, to start.  But, then, we found that the prescriptions of my wife's glasses and my contacts were not correct.  It seems quite unlikely that it was due to changes in our eyes.  The prescription for my wife's glasses was too strong, not too weak, and her eyes did not improve during the past year.  She has new glasses now and her vision is much, much better. In my case, with the correct prescription for my contacts, I no longer need reading glasses for most things, and again, the prescription is not as strong as before.We are very happy with the new provider and feel we were just a customer to get in and out for this provider.
2	Dr. Chris Campana and Lexie are great!!!!  They were super nice, took their time to explain everything.  Dr. Campana answered questions that my previous eye doctors just skipped over and rushed me out.  Instead he took his time and explained everything.  Lexie was also great, unlike the other staff member she explained their fee schedule and asked if they could waive the fitting fee since my contacts stayed exactly the same.  Turns out the answer from her boss was no but at least she tried.The other staff member just started handing me forms and saying...sign this.  Then she said I need to know how we are going to check the health of your eyes?  Would I like to have blurry vision for 4 hours (dilation) or give them another $44 dollar?  She didn't event tell me what the test was for or mention that it was OPTIONAL???  When I had the audacity to ask why there was a $55 fee for the contact exam AND a $60 fee for "fitting" my contacts (they are toric, I think it is $30-40 for regular ones), I was told "well you have the right to look around for other providers so do you want the appointment or not?"  I had a $10 co-pay for my insurance for my eye exam (glasses) but $125 later I had paid $25 more than when I went to the doctor next to Eyemasters (on Mall Ring Circle near Galleria Mall) without any insurance.Lexie however, handled my pre-screening and took the time to explain everything her co-worker was unwilling to explain.  Thanks Lexi and Dr. Campana for making up for your co-worker.  Unfortunately, I will probably not be returning next year. However they do price match Sam's Club for contacts and I can use my insurance credit since it isn't going toward glasses this year so I will probably order those this time.
