5	Kojax has alot of history with me and has saved me from many a hangover when in Montreal. Their food has kept me fueled between bohemian Bar Hopping nights chasing French Canadian Women.The souvlakis here are nowhere near the quality of say Arahova or Villa, but Kojax fills a niche of providing really fast Greek food with the emphasis on fast, to keep you fueled between bars or after a late weekday night out when you need to get to bed. In most other major Cities I think your only other alternative would be picking up a Pizza Slice or hotdog. I like the sweet sauce on mine when still hitting the town in consideration of breath. At the end of the night I'll take mixture of garlic and aforementioned hot sauce.
5	Excellent! Hit the spot perfectly.
4	Kojax is a local Greek fast-food joint with a few stores around Montreal. The one on Ste-Catherine's is a great place to grab some real good eats and get it done FAST. All the usual standards of Greek fast food are there, but they also adapted Poutine and done it with gusto. Thick meaty gravy on those really thick cut Greek fried potatoes and delicious cheese that is brick in your stomach delicious; don't let its size fool you, it's a hill that feeds like a mountain. Service is speedy and I mean speedy, don't fear the line up, you'll be in and out of there before you know it. Seating is a little tight for the spatially challenged, but the place is clean and maintained. Grubilicious.
5	I'm a native Montrealer who lives in the US and this is the first place I want to eat at when I get into the city. It's a Greek fast food chain,and I've been going here since my high school days, so yes, I'm a long time customer! ;-) I've been to Greece, and have had the "original" souvlaki and know that none of the fast food chains or even actual restaurants truly come close to it, but I don't really care, I'm totally hooked on this place. I love their MILD sauce, I used to favor the tzatziki on my chicken souvlaki but then I tried the mild sauce and it was over! I've been loving my mild sauce ever since!! The chicken Gyro is GREAT!!! Everything I've ever had here has been good...but I must point out that I always order pretty much the same thing...the Gyro sandwich, the Gyro Burger or the Chicken Souvlaki plate. The St-Catherine location is opened late, so it's the perfect cure for that hangover. Can't wait to go back for my next Mild sauce fix! They should bottle that mild sauce and sell it, I'd buy it by the case and bring it back home with me!
5	I went to the original one on Ste Catherines for the 2-3 am scoffs and even Keeble was amazed as to how I can pack it in. I went there with Mark Vanderbol a couple of times and he just ate for 1 hour straight ,so it was safe to say I helped  introduce,many of my old friends, girlfriends, football buddies to commercialized good greek fare,. the guys on the line loved it when we came in cause we tipped and it was just that way cause they would pile on the mild sauce and pile on the yero meat and that was a heluva job. I went there with Poly 1 time in 88 to celebrate his being picked number 3 in the CFL draft ,after a big nite at THURSDAYS and Crescent st. We ate for 6 people ,true story. I look forward to 1 day going back and having my favourite submarine,ciaociao  Mou
5	One of the things I like the most is their friendly customer service. I have to say that the food is also very good, fresh salads, and good meats, so if you need a quick lunch and you like Middle Eastern food then this is the place to come.
3	3.5 starsI ate at Kojax many times as a university student in Montreal, it was perfect for a quick meal in between classes (and at the right price).  This was also my "go to" spot when the bars closed at 3am (I woke up many mornings with the familiar Kojax sauce on my shirt). Service has always been consistently excellent here, a rarity for a fast food restaurant.  It's probably been 25 years since my first visit and they always have friendly staff who prepare the food quickly and with a smile. The restaurant is entirely red & white  - the traditional Kojax colors, and very bright but you don't come here for the atmosphere.You come for the Gyro. If you don't know what this is, it's a warm fresh Pita with strips of beef roasted on a vertical spit, tomatoes, onions and Kojax special sauce. I order the same thing every time, so good.Over the years, I tried a few of the food court locations and found them not up to par. You need to go to this St. Catherine location to ensure you get the real Kojax experience.Fast food done right. I guess that's why the place has been there for so long...BK
4	The Yero trio always makes for yummy lunch. Their toothsome pita makes biting into the sandwich a wonderful experience, and the all-dressed original yero-meat drizzled with hot sauce all melds together into an ever satisfying lunch. Their big fat fries are wonderful as well, but if you're getting take-out you WILL run out of ketchup. 3 little packs of brand name ketchup is no match for these fries.
2	Giving it 2 stars for convenience and service. The staff is always polite and very efficient, and it's in a great location. Prices are also decent, so if you're craving Greek food then it's adequate. The food doesn't go much further than that for me. Maybe it's just when I go, but every time I've been there the food's been less than what I expected and have come to experience from other Kojax locations. If you can get yourself somewhere else, then do so. If not, prepare to be underwhelmed.
