1	The worst! I live 1 minute driving distance I used to go there, then the Doctor moved to Las Vegas and it went to hell, disrespect and rude,  I was even yelled at as I was leaving.  I complained and corprate said We won't charge you for your next visit, if you want come into our office on Guadalupe. I did go to Guadalupe and continue to. The bad news is my child  was so sick and vomiting I didn't want her to wait and drive with me so I took her right into the horrible place on gilbert.  I could not believe how Tia treated at 7 year old loud and hurting her head , already with a headache, I nicley said you are a little loud can you please  use a softer voice, the response she gave was "That is the way I talk"  and she said it angerly! my child began to cry, she began to talk to my 7 year old instead of asking me questions , I continued to answer, she said "I want the answers from her" OMG  I said what is your name, u r not wearing a name tag, She said Tia. I am the manager!  I said good when I complain I will mention that,, she said if you complain  you will be the first. I  got right on the phone again with coprate years after, Kevin who was awesome was no longer with the company.  Shelby took  action, Tia was repremended and I was reimbursed 50 dollars 1/2 of cash payment. in addition  I asked one more question was I really the first to complain about her. I was told I really shouldn't say but no you were not! I recieved some validation. and I can leave this for "buyer beware" because there are no waits because nobody goes there, I give them  6 months tops before they close the doors.
5	I have been coming here since 2012. I never had a problem with the doctors, they're always calm but quick to solve the problem. Sometimes the receptionists are rude, but I never see those ones when i return. I come for immediate action without the long wait at ER or Drs office.
1	I have been to this location several times. Never failed I always got super sick on the weekends. My last visit here ended very poorly. I stormed out. They took my vitals several times and twice it came up extremely bad but they never did anything. I got a pat on the back and nose spray just because. I will never return, in fact I went to the ER instead of here.
5	This urgent care was the most pleasant and quickest one I've been to. The staff is so nice and friendly. They made me feel very comfortable and took care of all my needs. They even fill your prescriptions here, which is totally convenient. They are even open every day until 9pm! I will definitely return here and will recommend them to my family and friends.
