5	We had a leak that Lyon roofing fixed a few years back that leaked again this year.  We called Tim at AVC and they came out the next day for an estimate.  We had three other estimates and they were lowest.  Tim took the time to explain the reason we have a leak spot, what the other company did wrong in their previous repair, how he was going to fix it so it won't re-occur, who was going to do it, how long it would take, materials they would use, etc..... In great detail they won my confidence and I hired them on the spot.  They came THE NEXT DAY!  The repair took several hours longer than they estimated, but there was no additional charge.  Also they noticed loose tiles and secured those, so they won't be an ongoing issue.  It is rare that you find a contractor so honest, so professional that you want to tell everyone you know...but these guys are it.  I highly recommend them for whatever your roofing project may be.
5	Tim...you're a lifesaver! Amidst a plethora of bait and switch roofing companies who always want to sell you a new roof, AVC is an honest reliable company that fixes only what needs to be fixed, makes honorable recommendations but never hard sells. I use Tim for our primary residence and all of our rentals.
5	We had AVC do some minor repairs on our tile roof after we purchased our home several years ago and they did a great job.  This year, we were hit up by a couple of different storm chasing roofing vultures from out of town that were trying to scare us into a new roof.  Tim came out to take a look and told us the real truth:  just minor wear and tear upkeep was needed.  Thanks Tim!
1	Ripoff artist. Paid $5,000 to get my leaky foam roof repaired. Tim is a nice guy, shows up on time, speaks knowledgeably, shakes your hand, puts it all in writing. Then he has his crew slop some (white paint?) on your roof. The first rainstorm came and I had massive leaks. Tim came right out and sent the crew back up on the roof. Next rainstorm, more leaks. Tim came out promptly, did some more mysterious things up there. Next rainstorm? Yep, you guessed it, more leaks damaging the interior ceiling repairs I had already had done. I called a real roofing contractor, paid $10,000 for major repairs which included replacing at least half the plywood sheathing, and have not had one drop come in for two years. Tim is a con artist. You want to like him, and he seems so nice showing up in his little red truck with his crew. Don't trust him. The written guarantee you get is his gamble that in dry southern AZ, he can make a lot of trips to your home for the thousands of dollars you paid before you figure out your roof was never repaired.
