3	I used to come here a lot. Since I've been trying to eat better, I've avoided this place like the plague. The food is good; the wings are pretty much perfect and the pizza is good. My complaint, though, is that the pizza is ridiculously greasy. I could probably soak it up into 5 napkins for one piece of pizza.Every time I have ever been here the staff has been really nice. They are pretty good about keeping it clean in there. They really should refill their tea urn more often.
1	1 star for service and attitude.The food was delicious , but the staff was very hateful. I am writing this review. I don't remember the waitresses name but I do remember that she was short , hispanic , and she was pregnant at the time. She was incredibly hateful.So hateful and rude to me and my parents. I do know why she did this is because I am transgendered. I was wearing leggings and I was carrying a black polo purse. So I thought that this happened because of how I was dressed and how I looked , but that really wasn't the case.I went back 2 weeks later and I dressed differently. More "manly" (ha). Different waitresses , same great food , same hateful attitudes. I will stress to everyone reading this to save your time and money and go to a different pizza hut or a different pizza joint to get better service.
1	Order a pizza  for delivery. The $10 special, looked good on TV. It was the WORST pizza that I have EVER had. The thin crust was thicker than the topping, the very minimal topping, little sauce, very little cheese, thin amount of topping. After ONE bite, we boxed it up and went out to get something to eat. Absolutely Horrible.
2	It's amazing that no matter what me and my family do we can't walk out the door for no less than $30. The food is good , not great. The new cost cutting measures include the servers putting ALL ICE in your cups and 10% soda , and putting a layer of cheese so thin on the pizzas that it's stupid. New employees , same complete idiot type. A girl who came to our table on the same night , served us 2 different pizzas that we didn't order. Then she seemed like she was "disrespected" when we pointed out that the pizza's weren't the ones we ordered. Just save your money. I agree with tabatha , I've lost about 20 pounds since I've stopped eating at major food chains that have taken gross amounts of cost cutting. There's more cheese on the pizzas from the taco bell menus that have pizza hut. Seriously! you get more cheese on that little pre made pizza that comes from the PH factory that what they put on the pizzas when they're making them "fresh". Last one I had smelt like corn chips at this location.save your money.
3	Went back with my parents , had a very nice waitress. She did our food and was friendly. I don't remember her name but she was a big jolly gal. Keep this up and my ratings will go up!
1	I'm done coming to this location. As the years have passed, this location has gone downhill. Can't they afford to hire more waitresses? It's not fair to anyone when it's one waitress to 15 customers.  I couldn't even get a refill. I wanted to go get it myself since the machine is in full view. The waitress tells me that customers aren't supposed to get their drinks themselves. Call me crazy, but I'd like to have a little more beverage with my meal.
