4	Luci's Healthy Marketplace is quite adorable. Bright colors and retro signage showcase their coffee bar, deli and grocery offerings. It's a hip health food store. I grew up eating carob, being dragged to health food stores to buy dried fruit (that my mom would try to convince me was as tasty as candy) and granola bars. So, I'm well acquainted with the crunchy granola lifestyle--but when you think of Luci's, think slick San Francisco style crunchy granola. I dig it. You can find a great selection of Simply Bread (shout out to my old 'hood), purchase your herbal supplements, buy some gluten-free breadstick mix, pick up some environmentally friendly cleanser, order a fresh coffee and pastry (and soon be able to order meals from their deli...) then sit down and relax in their lovely dining area. This is a nice addition to the neighborhood.
4	Such a great additional the neighborhood!! I visited Luci's right after they opened and they were still filling the shelves and getting things organized but I could tell that I am going to like this place. I bought a few things from their bakery counter and they were great. There is a large selection of health food and health related items. I look forward to visiting Luci's more and getting a better feel for the store and hopefully becoming a regular!!
4	Again, the haters grumble about trivial issues...I walked to Luci's from my house and was parched when I arrived.  I grabbed a large cup of the BEST TEA OF MY LIFE.  It's a pomegranate citrus green tea and they sell it for 5.99 in the tea area.. Usually green teas are bitter or have a bitter bite, but this tea was excellent. I had 3 huge glasses.. By the time I got home I had to pee in the worst way.. hah!OK, second thing. Ken the owner  was walking around talking to everyone and told us about the work they did to install new trusses in the building .. way cool.As you walk in (facing the coffee station), check out the food in the fridge.. it's prepared fresh every morning and the intent is for people to grab on the way to work.. fresh home made food.. awesome.. We also met Ebenezer Williams, the chef responsible for the hominy and beet chicken salad we had.. man was that good.  We talked to Ebenezer for a while about his cooking and he said the reason he cooks is to see that look in peoples eyes when they taste something really great that they didn't expect.. well Ebenezer, zing; Hominy and Beets it is!REALLY Cool Fact: they have a demo kitchen where they'll be doing cooking classes and other food related stuff.. right on! The only thing I'd like to see in addition to the cool stuff they're already doing is a weekend special like Omelet  Sundays or pancake Saturdays.. that would rock!
4	This is my first ever YELP so be patient.  I was just thinking that I am sick and tired of using "starbucks" as my office away from office and I wanted to find a new place that has access to a patio or some kind of fresh air, internet, and a nice environment to work in. Well...By George I think I found it!  Luci's is a mix of a vegan/organic market along with a coffee shop.  It has a giant garage door (think Postino) that is open today due to the nice weather and a full selection of coffee and other type quick bites and pastries.I settled into a nice couch space by a window and am working away on the FREE WiFi sipping one of the best tasting coffee drinks in town and muching on a organic food bar.Overall, the place feels good and is comfortable enough top come for a casual coffe and read the paper or hit the office work in a better environment.  Plenty of light to do work and also not too crowded so you can have a conversation on the phone or in person.The only thing left to be desired is the "barista" wasn't the fastest man on the planet...but this is Phoenix and its more about quality than fast service here.
4	We stopped in this evening for a grab-n-go meal (bacon and eggplant lasagna, not too bad, I had a taste).  We walked out with $70 worth of grocery items and a Jacuzzi Primitivo wine (don't scoff at the Jacuzzi name, its an old name and a terrific vineyard - we originally tried their wine from igourmet.com's wine club, and it was fantastic!).  My wife made a comment that this place is probably pronounced Luchi's...I'm not sure, but it may be...quite a lot of italian grocery items and also a good selection of Kosher items.  I'd rate the grocery as similar to Trader Joe's but higher end and much smaller.  It's not cheap, but it's what you'd expect in value for the price.I really like the coffee bar with the roll up garage door and the old fashioned styling.  This place is a wonderful new addition to the neigborhood, I'd love to go back soon.  Too bad they don't serve wine or have wine tastings....but you can't do it all!I would never go to Starbuck's across the street with this place open.  They serve nice baked goods from Simply Bread (wish they had Tammie Coe and MJ Bread, but you can't have it all), and some delicious cheesecake they buy from some famous place in Chicago.  Free wi-fi!
4	Went to Luci's today and I'm a fan!  We bought this do it yourself salsa kit and a bag of chips for about 7 dollars, not bad.  I made the salsa today (tomatillo with habanero) and it was really very good, and a lot of fun to make.  The chips were by a company called "Garden of Eatin'" and were better than the salsa!I can't wait to explore this place a little more.  Skip Starbuck's, and go to Luci's.
3	Cool addition to the neighborhood, which nearly influenced me to pop for 4 stars, but they will have to continue to prove themselves before I go that far. I tried describing Luci's to a friend and came up with "sort of mini-Trader Joe's, health food but not really, some gourmet stuff, little bit of produce, organic soaps and vitamins, meals-to-go coffee bar." My friend's response was "Sounds like an identity problem". I'm not really sure what is going to shine at Luci's...the coffee bar service has been mediocre (another customer and I had to sort out our drink orders when she was given both of ours and I was served nothing) and the coffee content in the soy latte is disturbingly low. The one grab-n-go item I tried (eggplant lasagna) was nice but not outstanding. The baked goods are tasty but I'm trying to limit intake of those. The selection of gourmet imported items (particularly Italian) is small but high quality, and same for the produce. Will there be enough of anything to make me a regular? Hard to say... The atmosphere is one area of excellence - I love the retro/modern decor, the openness of the place and the little details like the glass tile accents. Unfortunately the seating area fills up quickly and I haven't been able to get a seat yet. Unless you are there very early or off peak hours, don't count on eating in.  If they ever expand their breakfast menu beyond bakery items, they will really need to think about how to accommodate more seating.
3	Yay another cute place with shitty parking!Been here a few times to grab coffee and something to eat before work, had the jerk chicken pre-made sandwich which was great-and they don't skimp you on the chicken, nice and hefty I could only eat half the sandwich! Coffee is not spectacular but does the job. I love that they offer green and a specialty iced tea. Super cute sitting area, I love the open-air atmosphere. I'm going to chalk it up to the fact that it's brand new...but I can't help but feel like it needs something. It's like you walk in for the first time very excited but leave feeling like...that's it? It needs more, more products, maybe more use of the cooking area in the back, the pastry case needs more than the endless display of slices of cake-which I haven't launched my assault on but intend to. A welcome addition to the neighborhood nonetheless, I will continue to be back!
4	Cute retro market with local/healthy/organic products and a coffee bar. Fans, bar counter and bathrooms all have fun design details. There's also a demo area where takeaway meals are prepared (this wasn't totally up and running when I stopped in mid-April).This place is starting out, with a soft opening just 3 weeks before I saw it. In the next month there should be some grand opening activities.
4	Luci's is a totally cool new space and idea in the shopping plaza on the NWC of Bethany Home & 16th Street. I'm really happy with what they have done with the place and they have a great idea going. Only problem is that they might need to expand with it. I walked in expecting more of a small grocer/cafe but found it to be mostly a nutritional supplement store with slim pickins. The prepared foods section is scary tiny, with only one vegetarian option. The grocery section is tiny and reminds me of some sort of mash up between Sprouts/Healthy Habit/Cost Plus. Overall an interesting place and idea but needs to improve the selection/variety of specialty grocery goods and pre-prepared foods.
4	I've been to Luci's once and was fairly impressed with their marketplace area. I did not try their coffee, so I can't comment on that, but I glanced at their menu and the coffee selection seems decent.I love that I can find all the great organic and non SLS beauty products here. They also carry my new favorite snack, Bumble Bars in assorted flavors. The day I went my husband and I were greeted by a very friendly employee who told us about some upcoming things they plan to do such as cooking classes in the store. I do find their prices on certain items to be a bit high. If you shop places like Healthy Habit and/or Trader Joe's this place is somewhat similar.Only complaint is the parking lot, but I've had issues with that lot for years.
2	Qualification - I am rating the Healthy Marketplace side and not the coffee bar:Just left a movie and wanted to pick up something quick/easy to go - drove by Luci's the other day so I stopped there to grab some chow.  The space itself is cool and has potential.  But...1.  Many of the goods are the same as in the grocery (some stuff from regular groceries, other stuff from Sprouts/Trader Joes type places) but they cost more.  Five or six bucks for some healthy cereal.  In particular I was disappointed in the wine.  I guess its just my style, but I like a variety of affordable small-production wines.  They had small production wines, just not cheap.  And then they had the same Clois du Bois red wine that has been on sale for $8.99 in Fry's/Albertsons/Safeway for the last five years, except here it was $13.99.2.  Grabbed a chef salad and a meatloaf sandwich to go.  Salad looked good (and was) - big pieces of chicken and egg - but,....   No dressing!!  The meatloaf was Ok at best, the bread was probably sliced and placed in the box 8 hours ago, and it came with 2 wedges (wedges for a sandwich?) of tomato and two little tiny strings of roasted red pepper.I had high hopes based on the name/location/etc., but I was disappointed.  Maybe try some quirky grocery items and wines?
2	Luci's is like one of those annoying "slash" bands; you know, rock/ska/gregorian chant/fusion kind of thing.  Even if there's something you like, there's all that other stuff to contend with.This place is a slick bastard child Mini-Me of a Trader Joe's meets Fresh & Easy meets Starbuck's meets CircleK, etc,etc,etc.Think of an item you can buy at one of those stores, add 50-100% to the price, reduce the selection to usually only one (or very few) choice(s), and voila!    ~ Luci's.Everywhere I looked I saw something I liked, tempered with something that made me take a step back.  Usually it was price.  Second most often it was selection....then I got to the case with meats and cheeses and found prepackaged (excessively packaged,btw, way to be NOT green) slices of proscuitto or something similar that were way out of date - 6 days past the printed USE BY (not sell by) date.  For a store this small, to have more than a half dozen of these packages out in prominent view is not okay.  At least pull a F&E and let the clearance hounds take them for a bargain when they're about to be past due, but don't just keep trying to sell them for full price.They make some fresh lemonade and teas, then put them into individual 20 oz/32 oz plastic cups and leave them in the fridge case.  Fine during a lunch hour rush, but for me to have seen a full case of 'em at 9pm-ish meant they were about to throw it all away (either that or save it for the next day?).  This is not only wasteful of food and plastic packaging, but also drives their costs up.This feels like an expensive imitation of the real deal, like an "authentic" NY deli or St Louis BBQ being dropped into Kierland Commons by  PepsiCo/KFC/PizzaHut/TacoBell, or when a Vintage (glorified thrift) shop opens up in an artsyfartsy or ritzy area and starts charging Vintage prices for stuff they got at Goodwill's 50% off sale the week before.Although I'm sure that's not where Luci's in getting their food.  It might not be $6.99 for a $2.99 box of cereal if they were.
4	Finally made it to Luci's for a wine tasting last night. It's not your typical store. It's better! And it looks like it's drawing a lot of regulars from the neighborhood who like to hang out in the coffee bar, chatting and people watching. The emphasis is on healthy, local and eco-friendly food and products. They introduced me to Marilyn's tortilla chips and Simply Bread's cranberry walnut bread - big fan of both!!! Of course they have some fantastic gourmet items like my favorite cahill porter cheese and other indulgences as well. There is a "community wall" where you can post your fliers for car washes, walkathons, workshops, garage sales, etc. They've been open for about two months and the wall looks like it's getting some good use.My friend created the logo, signage and color palette for the store. I love his work and how it all comes together to make this a very welcoming neighborhood market. Now I just wish is was in MY neighborhood.
4	coffee, breakfast to go, bamboo plant gift, vitamin supplement, cooking class, it's all here.--Great selection of diverse products, all packed into one little corner.--coffee bar too! great spot when the weather's cool to relax--houseplants and cool plants for gifts or for your desk at work--lots of supplements and organic stuff--one corner has a grill setup with seats 'round it, for demos, cooking class, or for freshly cooked food!I can't wait to spend an hour in there, just exploring!
4	Sure it's walking distance from my house - so I was hoping I would have a new place for my morning tea.   After finally re-opening after the fire on 16th and Bethany Home, I was excited to check out Luci's.The design of the the place is fantastic simple, sexy, a little modern and throw in some retro corner grocery feel.  I was greeted with fun, friendly service, and then left with a great pastry and a tasty ice tea for the road.  They seem to still be working out some kinks since the re-open, but I see it only getting better.  In fact I just got myself excited.  I think I am going to head over there now for my morning snack.
4	I stopped in after Mass yesterday with my friend Meaghan.  We try to pick a fun different place each time.  Luci's was on the agenda this week and what a nice little surprise!   It's a mix of a market and cafe with interesting seating and stylish decor.  It's very open and I loved sitting next to the big garage door wall with all the windows.They have an omelet station where you can pick the size and what you'd like in it.  I chose the Moe cuz I was hungry!!  Was up at 7, did a killer yoga class at 9, went to Mass at 11 and was completely ravenous by the time we arrived.  The Moe omelet was eggs, choice of cheese, choice of veggies and choice of protein.  There were at least 8 veggie selections and if I wanted to I could have had all of them.  I picked mushroom, spinach and onion with bacon for the proteing.  It was served hot, fresh and with a side of nicely salted potato cubes.  It was the perfect size to fill my starving belly.I'll definitely be back to try the pastries (50% off after 5pm daily!) and some of the ready to take meals.
4	After dropping $100 at the nursery this morning for my new patio, I needed something for breakfast and a nice iced tea.  My neighbors told me about Luci's and I've driven by a half dozen times.You can build an omelet there by the size: Eeny (just egg), Meeny (egg and cheese), Miny (egg, cheese and veggies), and Moe (all the above with a protein).  I had a piece of spinach quiche.  I also ordered a large iced tea.  Well, I was sipping my tea, waiting for the quiche to be heated.  And waited.  Finally, after bumping into my massage therapist (she's the BEST!), I asked about it.  They had forgotten me.  :{  Oh well, they offered a free Danish to make up for it while they heated up my quiche.  They have a section of teas and different foods.  It's a small section and the prices are a little higher than you'd find at Sprouts.I'll be back a million times, since it's so close to home.Let's hope they don't forget me next time ;}
4	Great coffee and helpful service.  I can definitely see myself stopping in for a relaxing Saturday morning coffee and newspaper or to get specialty items for a nice meal.  It reminded me a lot of La Grand Orange.  I look forward to returning sometime soon. :)
4	So, it took awhile, but I finally made my way into Luci's recently... I was driving southbound on 16th street and made a spontaneous decision to stop by.  I'd done this once before, but it was when they were closed due to the fire at nearby Richardson's.  But, they are re-opened now, and they are still on fire... (this time just metaphorically speaking).I ordered an iced tea at the coffee bar and browsed around a bit.  I bumped into Ken, the owner, who gave me a bit of history and a tour of this adorable boutique-ish neighborhood grocer.  I learned that they revamped their staff from their initial opening, including hiring Chef Eric Guerin, and while I didn't eat while I was there, I will for sure be back to do so soon... the menu looks great; especially their omelet selection!  I could've spent hours looking around - they carry a variety of unique health food, vitamins, and eco-freindly natural products.  I ended up purchasing some vitamins (thanks Lucia for your help with that) and a citrus smelling Weleda brand natural deodorant (I hear so many bad things about regular deodorant, so I am going to give this stuff a shot).My next visit to Luci's will be sooner than later for sure...  I can tell, I'd be a regular if it was a tad bit closer to home.
4	I could get into trouble here...  I absolutely LOVE Italian soda's and this place's got em!  I don't know of any other place near my work that has these delightful drinks, but now that I've found em, I'm drawn to it!  I really enjoy coming here to, the people working there are always really nice and welcoming.  They have lots of other neat healthy foods also but I haven't had the pleasure of trying them yet.  As long as I'm working right up the street, this will be a place I frequent as much as possible!
5	An excerpt from a letter to Slade Grove, Wicked Kitchen Confections:"Luci's was the perfect spot to feature your confections. The service was amazing. My latte had a little heart in foam on the top. The service people were so friendly, but I feel like they should know more about what a big deal you are :) I had to educate them! I could put together a powerpoint if you'd like (kidding).The place was neat and tidy but had a nice warm quality to it. They had the convertible doors open so the breeze was really fitting for a late morning pastry-brunch."A friend and I skipped the gym and went over to Luci's to celebrate my birthday and the Wicked pastries now being featured. We split a cinnamon roll and a red velvelt mini-cake (because according to Slade cupcake are out of fashion). The atmosphere was clean but cozy, the coffee was delicious and served with a smile. As far as the pastries... it's Slade. You can't go wrong.Luci, the owner, was outgoing and interested in our opinions of the place.Overall, it was a lovely experience. I hope to return soon for an actual meal or maybe to take a cooking lesson.
5	Hooray for Luci's.  G-reat coffee, and I will specifically add great service as well.  I wanted a bagel breakfast sandwich with ham (not on the menu) and they actually made me feel like I WASN"T being difficult. Now that's how you do it....I know it might not sound like a big deal---To go see if there is ham available in the kitchen, and then make up a custom egg bagel for a customer's picky breakfast, but it IS a big deal because it is so simple, and so possible, and so often the answer is just  'no, it's not on the menu', because that's just easier.  My hat's off to Luci's for being awesome.  Made my day.
4	So I grew up in this 'hood and moved to Seattle 10 years ago.  I still visit Phoenix as often as possible (I can't help it, I love it more all the time) and I want to see the whole area around 16th street and Bethany get better as it ages. Living in Seattle, we all think we know coffee, wine, micro beer, healthy food, etc. So I entered Luci's with my NW snobbery firmly in place developed by 10 years of rain soaked passive-aggressive existential angst. Long story kind of short, the place is really cool, great coffee, friendly people working it, strong food, good grocery selection, etc. I went back 3 times in 4 days, I will definitely be back again. Sure you feel like the cars on 16th are sitting at the table with you, so what. It's a great addition to the 'hood. Now if they can just do something nice with that old deserted Bashas property.
2	I haven't actually been inside Luci's, but we had lunch brought in to our office from here so I have had the food.  To start with, I wasn't very impressed by the menu, it was really small, and not very exciting to say the least.  I ended up just getting the tomato soup because it was a cold day and I figured it would warm me up.  Well the soup started out good, it was like a creamy tomato, but after a few more bites I just couldn't handle it anymore....there was way too much pepper....it made it almost inedible!  If they had backed off on the pepper it would have been good, but it was too overwhelming.Also, they messed up quite a few of our orders, making for some unhappy people.  I think we all decided that we wouldn't be ordering from them again, and I will probably never see the inside because of our experience.
4	Great space, location, offerings, and feel.  I stopped in to meet a friend and to see the place and really liked what I seen.  Beautifully decorated, great concept  with diverse product mix.  It's all good.  They are working with local businesses to sell local products as well which is nice to see.  I did try the Tortilla soup and thought it was very tasty and if I wasn't in such a hurry and it was a different time of day, I would have had something more to eat than that as the placed smelt soo good.  Love the location and that area needed something like this.  Like the open air feeling of it combined with the general look.  I'll be back for sure!
4	Luci's can leap from Two Stars to Four, in a single visit!Jaek and I recently hung out at a table in the open garage-door, inside patio type area of Luci's, and we both had a great time. (see photos)A big reason for this was the friendly and helpful demeanor of Braden, a barista/juicista/pastryista behind the counter.After eyeballing a red velvet cake slice with cream cheese frosting dolloped up on top that actually had *GLITTER* covering it, I asked how they made edible glitter, or if those were just for show.He explained about pulverized polished sugar, and after I shared that I have a bonified, legit case of picaphobia (glitter - it's little tiny sharp edged peices of metal or hard plastic, you know, with a mind of it's own, an inability to wash off, a tendency to get men in trouble for indiscretions at the boobiebar, and a seeming ability to reproduce.  I think it may be alive and evil, actually), and that I was taking a huge psychological step in overcoming it by having decided that I was going to get one of those slices and actually eat my psyche's penultimate nemesis, he congratulated me and said that it was on him.  Well, since he comped that glittercake, I felt allright splurging for a tasty, but still overpriced, big glass of fresh squeezed OJ.I tried, but couldn't find a single expired meat or cheese item in the fridge case.  I still say it's a weird conglomeration, and a bit pricey, but if I was a local without a car, being able to walk here every couple days would be wonderful.Oh yeah, the fine folks at Luci's have put up a nice plaque thanking the local firefighters who saved their place from destruction during Richardson's recent burn.
5	I stopped by at the recommendation of a friend and found the staff friendly, helpful, and expeditious. The coffee I had was just the right mix of strong, and not too sweet.  Their pastries were exceptionally tasty.  They are apparently done by a company called 'Wicked', and Slade Grove (The Owner apparently) was there, and was also exceptionally friendly, and mentioned a Peanut Butter Pudding he was working on.  I am going to have to go back there and try that some time.
1	update; their food effing sucks... so far i've tried the chicken salad with pita bread and the grilled chicken salad, both were pre-made sitting in a cooler... the chicken salad had about as much flavor as my vitamins i take everyday and the grilled chicken on my salad was tough and unpleasant... i will not get another 9 dollar peice of crap meal here ever again.
5	Oh Luci's, I am so in love with you. Your delicious soy coconut lattes, your delightful selection of vegan, gluten free items (in store and on menu), your cooking classes (I cannot wait to try one!), your friendly staff, and your beautiful, open, airy environment make you perfect.Even better is that you are on my way to work and just a bike ride away from my house! This will be helpful because I need a way to even out all the calories I am drinking in these lattes!I honestly have not a complaint... this really is true love!
4	What a delightful experience! We sat at the omelette bar and enjoyed conversation with the folks making it happen in the kitchen. Late breakfast included a Moe omelette and Egg Sammie. Admittedly, we're frequent LGOers and Luci's tops their breakfast for sure. Will absolutely be back!
4	I've been by here twice. The first time was just to scope the place out. What really got me in the door was reading that this was the new home of Wicked Bakery.One thing I love is the open air setup they have. Sadly I don't see how this can be more then a seasonal novelty. Hot weather is right around the corner :(A friend of mine who was in there a few weeks ago spoke with Slade who told him he was working on a new receipe for peanut butter pudding. Saturday night I had a fix on all my cravings except for my usual peanut butter one.I gave Luci's a call and Nick(I believe) answered and not only checked to make sure they had some but offered to put one aside for me.When I got there I found out Slade had gone the route of making a "peanut butter cup." Basically the peanut butter pudding with a layer of dark chocolate ganache on top. MmmMmmmMmmMmmmMM!!You should check this place out for no other reason then to enjoy their selection of baked goods from Wicked.
3	The food was good and the service was nice too, but somethings were a little off:my burrito was sort of flat, not rounded, and the sour cream (which I thought they forgot to serve, along with the salsa) was actually already in the burrito. The description of the meal didn't mention any cheese, but then the staffer asked what kind of cheese I wanted. Fair enough, but my friend has the same thing happen! Her tuna sandwich came with horseradish...which the description didn't mention either....and she hates horseradish. So all in all, ok, but sort of a really sad knock off of LGO.
4	Soy Coconut Latte.....FTW. I can die in peace.We finally made it here, we are moving to this hood soon so I wanted to see what will soon be a short bike ride away. We only got lattes, and then snooped around the marketplace so I can't vouch for the food...yet.I am so glad I read Amber W's review or I would have never known about the elusive Soy Coconut Latte. It's not apparent right away what flavors you can have in your latte so I asked and eagerly awaited my coconut delight. My girlfriend got a vanilla latte which she said was good, then she tried my coconut latte. Holy hell, I haven't seen her express so much delight or get that look on her face in awhile(sad right?). I agreed and spent the next 20 min slowly savoring every last drop. I love the cups, the material and design keep in the heat and it doesn't require a sleeve - plus it just looks cool. We browsed around the store a bit, everything is impeccably organized, tidy and clean. They have some good stuff that we regularly include on our weekly shopping list, albeit most of it was at a higher price. They carry some local items(Simply Bread, Salem's hummus and pitas, etc) that are hard to find anywhere else, although again they are slightly higher in price. I love the open air concept, the people all seemed great. I see people complaining about the parking, maybe some days it is a problem but really people need to get over the typical Phoenix strip mall:  HUGE massive parking lot out front with stores set far back off the street. It ruins the aesthetics and appeal of the store front and isn't as inviting. I will be biking and/or walking here soon(as others should try to do as well) so parking becomes a mute point. If you really have issues with the parking park in the huge abandoned parking lot west of 16th st and walk a couple hundred yards - problem solved.I didn't see too many vegan items, lots of gluten free stuff but no bakery items or section marked as vegan. I also didn't see much on the menu that was vegan either. I was secretly hoping that since it was called "Healthy" Marketplace it would have more(hasn't anyone read The China Study" ?). A few more vegan grocery and menu items and this place would easily be a 5 in my book; this area is desperately in need of it.I am not sure which direction Luci's will head, the marketplace is a nice idea, but I am not sure I could see myself buying much in the way of staple items. I could see this place maybe expanding on the cafe and seating and maybe going towards more of the specialty market(read things you CAN'T find anyplace else). I am excited to see where Luci's ends up in the future, I will definitely be back for the coconut lattes and hopefully to try some menu items(I can give you some great vegan ideas - I need a breakfast/brunch spot with options!)
3	very cool place, good idea, although not very practical. They have some cool stuff, but so does sprouts, at a much more reasonable price. The owner is a nice guy, maybe a little ridiculous with employee managment though. The novelty of a local coffee house is pretty cool, and they have some very good coffee drinks, but as far as the food and grocery, i'l stick with the grocery store and Einsteins.
5	I really liked this place! I was here a few weeks ago for the first time and have come back only once so far (but many more visits planned for the future). I first had the iced coffee (a Toddy if memory serves me correctly). It was really good. I had heard a lot about them, and being that I am not so much the coffee aficionado, I couldn't imagine how it would be THAT different. But it was! It smooth and tasty! I added a little cream sugar and cinnamon (I can't drink it just black). I ordered the large like I normally would at Starbucks, but this was like bucket size.The last time I went I took Amber W.'s advice and had the Soy Coconut Latte which is HEAVEN. It is good enough that I would drive out of my way every morning on the way to work just to have one!The red velvet cakes are to die for! I could use a little more frosting though. Everything in here is cute; the store, restaurant and coffee shop. I love the colors and decor. Just a fun place to come too with good drinks and baked goods. Next time I will have to have lunch here!
4	Split a wrap with my favorite companion (wife). Nice, fresh, little dry, but a HUNK of turkey can be that way! Love crispy dill pickles, had one of those, couple of BIG strawberries. ALSO split the carrot cake, yum! plenty big to split, nice frosting, great, moist cake. Saw some AWESOME sandwiches being delivered to other tables, will try one of those next time!
4	Repeat dessert visit last weekend. I brought a group with me this time so we could try a bit more.This Time:Carrot Cake:Moist, earthy, amazing delicious cream cheese frosting and not overly sweet. Very good and up there with the better ones I've had in phoenix.Super Double Triple Chocolate Crazy Delicious Brownie Cupcake:Sadly I don't remember the actual name of this but it was very good. They had another variation with walnuts but another member of the party had an allergy so we opted for this version. Death by chocolate for sure. One of those treats you can feel spike your insulin as soon as it hits your mouth. Splurges like this are what make life worth living. Don't deprive yourself of this type of thing just behave the rest of the time :)Giant Cinnamon Bun:This was a cinnabun on steroids, over twice the size and I think much better. Had a nice glob of icing in the center. The girl behind the counter insisted that she get to warn it up for me. She used some ridiculously cute phrase to describe how much more amazing it made it. In fact both times I've been in there she has cracked me up. Ah cute coffee girls.. you make my days a little better.
3	Let me start by saying, that Luci's is a welcome edition to the neighborhood.  It's so nice to drive down the street and see the big glass garage doors open, with people drinking coffee in the morning, and enjoying  live music in the evenings. Their staff is great, and the owners seem very kind as well.I gotta say that I haven't tried anything freshly made at Luci's that blew me away, EXCEPT the blueberry sour cream muffin.  Holy Cow, it's delicious!  Luci's also has descent coffee, which I will always choose over the Starbucks across the street. I'm slightly addicted to their bottomless helpings of iced pomegranate green tea, which is a proprietary blend just for them.Luci's is a great alternative to the somewhat shady liquor stores and aging Basha's along 16th street to get a nice bottle of wine and/or an interesting microbrew.  You can also purchase a single beer, if you just need a single cold one after a long day.I give it 3 stars b/c the "healthy marketplace" offerings are uninspired and overpriced. As I mentioned I haven't had anything there that knocks my socks off.  I just think that the standards need to be higher with respect to simple food that awakens your taste buds.  There's a lot of potential there, and I just want them to go for it!
2	3rd time here hoping for better than it is. Always below my expectations. Just because it looks like La Grande Orange, doesn't mean you'll get a comparable product or experience.  It has a long ways to go.
4	I started going to Luci's right when it opened - the 1st time and was hooked from that point on! It offers great drinks, pasteries, soups, and groceries in a welcoming environment.I love the pasteries which are made in house and their house citrus green tea is a morning staple at work. The hote breakfast offerings are good, but take quite awhile to make it to your table. I wish tere was more than 1 cook on weekends. The only other issue I've had is parking can be in short supply on weekends since Dick's Hideway is next door.Luci's has risen out of the smoke and become a great neighborhood staple!
5	I'm in love.  And, when you are in love, even the flaws just add to the perfection of a person (didn't you know that?).  So, even though there are some small "imperfections", Luci's is a definite 5-star place.  I LOVE THEM.  I am seriously considering setting up a cot in the store... then I could wake up and have the most delicious coffee (mocha, always) and fabulous service without going to the effort of leaving my house.  Hmm... think they'd let me?  Luci's has quickly become my most favorite neighborhood spot.  It is obviously helpful that it is super-close to my house... but there are plenty of other coffee places within a reasonable distance and no one comes close.  The entire concept is just genius - breakfast, lunch, dinner, bakery, cooking classes, cleaning products (all natural, of course), homeopathic remedies, locally sourced produce - my list could go on and on... My most favorite thing about Luci's - their service.  I can't even begin to describe how awesome their baristas and chefs are - everyone is so sociable and friendly. Who wouldn't like to come here?  Not only are they good at making drinks and food - but they'll even recommend some good music for you to add to your itunes collection.  Love it!Of course, their food/drinks are pretty awesome too - I adore the mochas - Iced, hot, peppermint, whatever-  it is always good.  The pomegranate citrus iced tea is so refreshing. I think I might be addicted.  Other top-notch items include muffins (blueberry and double chocolate-chip, especially), pasta bar, the Naughty Nurse and Dirty Doctor sandwich melts (and the names just make it more fun!), and the freakin' fabulous soup we had the other night... some kind of African spices?  Lentils, beef... amazing stuff.   We've also loved their burger, omelets, creme-brulee cupcake, etc.  They always have a number of gluten-free options, and they are constantly adding new ones - THANK YOU!The imperfections (still not phasing me - because I LOVE them) - wait time for meals can be pretty long, which isn't a big deal if I'm staying and chatting, but occasionally I'm just ordering food to take home and don't have enough time to wait and wait.  Didn't love the peach-oatmeal muffin... meh.  See? Minor issues.  Nothing we can't get past, and still live happily ever after.
4	After a good morning workout I like to reward myself with a nonfat latte instead of my regular home brew, so I stopped by Luci's on my way back from Dreamy Draw. I have to echo Laura E. - I'm in love! The big garage door was wide open and I ordered my coffee in the gorgeous morning sunshine (which probably doesn't help my already bad case of spring fever) while the adorable barista boys chatted with me about my St. Patty's Day. The best part was looking across the street at the Starbucks crammed with 30 cars in the drive-thru and knowing that my morning was likely to be more lovely and peaceful at Luci's. I love Luci's for their nice ambiance, unique products, warm and welcoming service and because it's a perfect location for where I live and work. One final note - they sell Full Sail Session Lager from my home state of Oregon that I absolutely love. I'll be back soon for lunch, and hopefully my four stars will become five!
3	Went to Luci's recently with the wife for a mid-week breakfast.  I had thought that the food was going to be just pastries/bagels/etc. but was pleasantly surprised to see they offered 'hot' food.  We both ordered egg/cheese/bagel sandwiches, mine had turkey included with the eggs.  Each also got a coffee.  The food was good, pretty good sized portion and I thought it was a pretty good value, but my wife and I liked ours.  The coffee was fine, nothing spectacular, but there were four different varieties, including some organic choices, which I liked.  I did not like that the labeling was not great on the creamers, which lead me to having skim milk instead of half/half.  (Probably mostly user error, I'll admit).  Loved the garage door that was open.  Perfect weather for it, the temperature was great and gave a nice feel.  What I did not like was one of the side effects...flies, and lots of them.  Not sure if there is some way around this (fans?) and also if this is some sort of cleanliness issue (I've certainly been to other places with patios recently that did not have flies buzzing around me the whole meals...don't get me wrong, it wasn't a plague of flies, but near constant buzzing around my food).  The second thing I did not like was the music.  Oh, the selection was fine, but I'm not sure why they had it so loud, kind of annoying.  Plus, in the morning if you have news channels on your tv's in your coffee shop, maybe you could put that audio over the speaker?Anyways, solid 3.5 for Luci's, though I'm rounding down to 3 stars for the flies/noise.  Might be back, but not sure.
4	Me and my friend Veronica happened to stumble upon this darling marketplace and cafe while shopping around Phoenix today!  I'm always excited to find a grocery store that carries an array of health-conscious items!  We discovered that Luci's had many gluten-free/organic options that I normally can't find anywhere else!  Loved all the openness in the cafe area, the entire atmosphere was very warm and inviting.  I could definitely sit there a few hours and get all cozy with a warm 'cup of joe' and my laptop.  Also liked that the cafe contained stevia sweetener packets and agave nectar--that's a really awesome and rare find!  The barista made me feel extra special when he asked if I wanted some of their homemade whipped cream!!!  I couldn't refuse when he explained it was made from agave nectar, vanilla bean, and espresso--and I must say it was totally YUM!  V kept dipping her stir stick in my doppio for more!  Veronica made a good point today when she expressed how neat it is that more and more people are leaning towards a better way of eating--I couldn't help but agree!  And great to have a store like Luci's to inspire a healthier lifestyle!
5	I've been back here several times since my first review.The quiche was great! And the Breakfast Burrito Bomb. OMG!The staff at Luci's is always great, friendly polite. they're starting to know me by name!
3	Quaint & funky, I enjoy coming into Luci's from time to time.  I actually live within walking distance, & could come more often, but I find them to be a little pricey.  I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner there & so far my fave (by far) has been the lunch.  Their roast beef sammie was fab!!  Sadly, you can't order from their lunch menu after 5p.  Recently I had their pasta plus protein.  Same as with the breakfast omlettes, you can upgrade your basic selection a little at a time.  So, start with pasta & your choice of sauce.  Next level would be to add veggies ( a choice of about 5 or so), and from their, you can upgrade to adding protein - choice of chicken or shrimp - while still having veggies.  Like the concept and a HUGE portion, but the pasta had a funky texture.  Maybe I got gluten free by mistake.  You can stop in here for a quick treat or to pick up some healthy alternatives, but it's not a regular pick of mine.OH!  I almost forgot the cooking classes!  What a fantastic idea and I love that they are offered by category.  I can't wait until the "Knife Skills" class comes back.  I've always wanted to chop & dice like a pro!
3	Luci's Healthy Market Place started off with big promise, but lately has really slipped in the areas of customer service and cleanliness.  Offering breakfast, lunch and dinner, the place is cozy, fun and inviting. We love the Saturday Night Jazz and the great "small bites" from Chef Larry are the highlight of our week. He's personable, knowledgeable and a great Chef. We LOVE the food on Saturday, but can't say the same for during the week.  Food has been sloppy, uneven on occasions, and plates are often messy during the weekday meals. Spotty shortages and lack of consistence makes for an frustrating experience. The coffee bar had great promise as well, but lately, Customer Service and Sanitation and organization has been spotty. Employees are often overwhelmed and look distracted, and the cafe is often messy and looks unclean.If Luci's keeps up with the cleanliness, Customer Service and stays true to it's pleasant neighborhood concept, it'll do really well. Lots of competition now on this corner. Don't drop the ball, guys !  Management and the kitchen needs to step it up and keep us coming back !
5	I happened on this cute little grocery store/ cafe while on the way to find something else. Basically it's a smaller Whole Foods but with a more unique twist.
5	So THIS is what coffee is supposed to taste like!! I have been having coffee at chains for years and thought it was fine. Then I had Luci's latte and am a convert. I live in Mesa now but used to live in the area and I make excuses to come to Luci's for coffee. I've never had any of the food, but it looks great and I love the local atmosphere. Great place - would love to see it thrive!
2	I don't know. It's okay, but I don't think it's anything special. I like shopping local like the next Gen Y kombucha drinking rescue dog owner, but the prices are too high, the layout isn't cohesive, and it's cramped and tiny. It's bodega meets whole foods, and that's cool and all, and I hope it stays open and busy, but... but, I guess I'm cool with my TJ's/AJ's/WF circuit I'm currently stringing on.
4	I am smiling as I walk in and walk out , so you know this has got to be a good place.   The vibe as my oldest and I walk in is "good morning ", lots of happy Barristas  serving up  big globs of happy. We were hungry and not quite awake but quickly after eyeing the menu and the sunshine vibe , we got our happy on and we too were ready for the day. Love the bright retro  mood as you walk in complete with Upbeat old school music ( Abba, Issac Hayes and the theme from Happy Days, I am not joking ) I had a tall cooling caffeine laden glass of pomegranate, green tea that made me smile, along with a nice made to order pile of eggs and fruit . The taste was filling and just what I wanted ..that's I went with the made to order eggs.    Jessica had the egg burrito that looked so big I was afraid for her. It was tasty and actually way too much food.  Mmmmmmyummmy.    Clean , Neat well organized, and a little health food mini mart to boot. Wish  I lived close enough to make this place my go to local market...I will be back with Mom in tow ..and next time I am getting a wicked pastry ....thanks Luci.
3	I want to love Luci's.  I want Luci's to be my favorite place in the hood...but I am just not cool enough to hang out there.I've been in many times - whether for a coffee and dessert after dinner at Golden Phoenix, a quick coffee to go, or to peruse and purchase some yummies for home.When Ken and Luci are there, the staff is amazing.  When they're not on site (or at least out front) - it's pulling teeth to get the baristas to make a drink.  Last visit, there were THREE people behind the coffee counter, ZERO people on line ahead of me...and I still had to wait for someone to offer to make me something.  And that was to order a drink and pay for over $50 worth of groceries!  I'd think with that much merchandise on the counter by the register, a smile and hello wouldn't be too much to ask.I may up the stars after one of the cooking classes (if I ever get a Sunday eveing off work!).  And when Ken and/or Luci are there, I'd give the place 4 stars.I admire what they brought to the area, and adore the concept, layout and selection.  If only the staff were more enthusiastic and customer service oriented.  Maybe I just don't look rich enough, or hipster enough or young enough to be worthy of their time...but I promise, my money spends just as well.
5	When I moved to Arizona I became lactose intolerant. Luci's offers Stauss bottled milk in a jar that you have to pay a deposit for (you get your money back if you bring the bottle back.) You get to scoop the cream off the top and enjoy. I like to enjoy the entire bottle in one sitting, because it is the only milk I have been able to drink with out severe tummy trouble. Luci herself is often at the store when we visit and is one of the sweetest women I have met in my life. One time our order got messed up and she gave us free dessert and drink coupons. I used those drink coupons to discover their Green Tea smoothie thing (with soy) DELICIOUS! Since it's become a busier hot spot, you may have to wait a while before ordering your coffee or food, but it has never disappointed and is a great investment of your time. Oh, and FREE Wi-Fi. Eat your heart out Starbucks across the street.
3	On my way to lunch in the same plaza, I spotted Luci's - a place I'd been hearing about lately.  I decided I would stop in after lunch, and did just that.What a cute place!  I love the decor and love that there seem to be lots of treasures to be found in the market area.  Since I didn't do more than take a cursory glance as I walked in, this review will be for the coffeeshop/bakery only.First... the good.1. The two women behind the counter were both very friendly and helpful, which counts for a lot at any place I visit.2. The display case of baked good was stocked with lots of really beautiful pastries.  I found myself wanting a small bite of everything!3. Even though it wasn't on the menu, I was able to order a cafe au lait - my current obsession.4. Seating was plentiful and comfortable.And the not-so-good...1. The strawberry cupcake, while beautiful and dusted with really pretty edible shimmer of some sort, was dry, crumbly, and not very good.  The icing tasted great but left a very strange film in my mouth - sort of waxy, oily, greasy consistency.2. I've been advised that it is not out of the norm for a coffeeshop to hand you your cup of heated milk/foam/etc. for you to fill on your own with coffee from carafes (not so with espresso-based drinks), but I'm really bothered by this practice for some reason.  Luci's is the second place in Phoenix I've visited who does this.  Maybe I'm just being fussy about it, but I think if I'm going to pay $4 for some steamed milk and coffee, the least you can do is top it off with coffee for me.3. When I'm paying $4 to pour my own coffee, I expect the last 1/4 of the cup will not be filled with coffee grounds.  This happened to me today (not until I got back to the office, of course) and I was very displeased about it.Luci's is a nice little place, the employees are very friendly, and the coffee (sans grounds) was actually pretty good.  I can see it being a nice place to read, people-watch, or even do some work, so it does have a lot going for it.  I'm not sure I'll ever go out of my way to visit, but if I'm in the area and it comes down to choosing Luci's over Starbucks (which is just across the street), Luci's will win any day.
1	Oh Luci's.  I really wanted to love you!  Sadly, I cannot.When you see 'Healthy Marketplace"  there is a certain level of expectation that comes along with that.  Upon first glance at the menu it's pretty obvious that most of it isn't healthy what so ever.  Where are the fresh salads?  How about some quinoa or beets?  Whole wheat pasta?   How about something made with fresh, local ingredients?  I tried a veggie wrap of some kind and it was ok.  Not memorable at all.  And everything is prepared in this tiny 'kitchen'.  It looks more like a demo kitchen!  How can you truly create amazing food if you have no space to do it?All in all, Luci's is a big disappointment in my book.
4	I ordered my regular Soy Coconut Latte - it wasn't the same. It was still good, but not as good as the countless times I had ordered it in the past.Additionally, I had ordered the lemon burst cupcake which the cashier repeated back to me but never charged me for or gave me. Since I wasn't charged for it I decided it was a sign that I didn't need it!I had come to do a little work on my laptop. I love my laptop but the battery life SUCKS and I had to sit somewhere with a nearby outlet. The table that I wanted to sit at was dirty.For the entire two hours I was there.If this was my first, I would have given it 3 stars, but since I know this was all just a fluke, and that Luci's is better than this experience, I will give it 4. But only 4 for this experience. It is still a 5 star coffee shop to me!
1	I tried to be optimistic but just couldn't love really anything about the place. Maybe the pretty color scheme? Coffee was just okay. There was nothing special that I couldn't get elsewhere. We went there for brunch and since the breakfast menu offered such an average selection, we ordered a sandwich instead. I don't recommend the Po Boy sandwich, which took over 20 minutes to make and tasted like s***. Sorry, but this is the reason why Phoenix is always missing something that urban cities have . . . character, taste, and uniqueness. Don't get me wrong, we need more healthy food markets that are independently owned but Luci's standard for food and selection of what they sell is an extreme disappointment and even an embarrassment.
4	I stopped by here on my way home a few Friday's ago.  I have to say they have a good selection of vegan, frozen organic and other natural type of foods.  The main attraction however is the coffee/juice bar.  I had a delicious berry smoothy and was quite pleased with it.  The food is also really good.  The atmosphere is typical of a coffee shop.  I think that I was the only person in the place without a laptop.  There is a television on the back wall that serves no purpose (why I bring this up?  I wonder why it is there in the first place..........)I recommend it.  Neat decor and a place to get a way for a quick snack or coffee.
4	A black tea & their fast Internet and I am good to go!
3	Luci's is a good neighborhood spot to buy your health foods, drop in for a coffee or fresh made baked good, or pick up some beer or frozen meat on the way home.  I agree with Pamela's sentiment about it being a marriage of TJ's and Hi-Health with AJ's prices. I've had a couple of bad cups of coffee here, but in the 10-12 times I've been they have always been very nice and have remedied any problem very quickly. If it wasn't on my route, I may not stop here much though. Trader Joe's and Hi-Health are right next door to each other at 20/Camelback and you can save a ton of money if you do it that way!
3	All the teas are delicious here - the herbal caramel apple is one of the most amazing teas I have ever had (and I consider myself a "tea person").  All their other teas are stellar too and they will sell it to you in 8oz quantities. Protip: After 3pm their blended green tea (like a smoothie/frappucino thang) is only $2 for a giant one!Something that drives me bonkers about this place is that they refrigerate their desserts. Cakes should not be refrigerated. I understand putting leftover cake in the fridge at the end of the day, but during opening hours they should just be in a pastry case.  If I am ordering a slice "for here" I want to be able to eat it NOW and not let it sit on my table for half an hour to defrost.  That said, the desserts look divine (edible glitter - heck yeah!!) but only taste mediocre and on the dry side.
4	Luci's was such a pleasant surprise. My first stop there was last week. The occasion was to meet to others for a quick business introduction. Initially, I was worried about seating--because it's not as if Luci's provides an assortment of private tables from which to choose. We wound up wedged into a corner table, but that's part of the charm--the closeness that makes it feel like a neighborhood spot. The highlight was getting my soy latte in a heavy corrugated cup with their classic retro styling. it was beautiful. No one has ever offered me up a soy latte with a design on top in all my years of ordering them. The banter with warm and sincere coffee bar staff was a really fun start to the day and made me wish I lived in the neighborhood so I could make it a part of my day. The spinach quiche was a slight cut above Paradise Bakery's. And it was nice to have the option to order a warm egg item from a coffee shop menu.The seating probably doesn't lend itself to working meetings, but the rest of the environment is the perfect place to connect with friends at a true neighborhood grocery and coffee spot.
3	We recently moved to the area and were happy to find such a unique little market, but after going there several times in the last 4 months I'm a little underwhelmed.  They could easily be a 4-5 in my book if they made some changes, but at the current state they are fairly a 3. The atmosphere I love, colors, theme and overall look but they are lacking in consistency and very limited vegan options (zero for breakfast that I could tell).  The best part about this place is the soy coconut lattes which are to die for (if you happen to get a good one).....the problem is you've got about a 50/50 chance of that actually happening.  Sometimes they suck altogether.  The service is also very inconsistent....there always seems to be one super friendly hard working person and then someone that is just standing around sucking up air and not helping the other person even when there is a line 10 back.  I always end up feeling bad for the poor guy stuck doing all the work and over tip for a shitty $5 cup of coffee because they are too busy to put together a decent latte.Also, they offer vegetarian and vegan cooking classes but very few vegan options on the menu? They do have a decent selection of frozen and dry vegan options that you can buy but 30% higher than other places which I understand is because they don't have the buying power other places do but sorry I'm not going to be doing much shopping there.I will continue going back because I don't know another place that has coconut lattes and am hoping that some day I'll walk in and see some more vegan options.
4	I love this place! Up until recently whole foods was the only place you could buy Daiya vegan cheese, or at least that is what I thought. Luci's not only carries Daiya, but a huge variety of vegan products. While the coffee is not the best (I get the impression the barristas are not that well trained), they do have coconut milk behind the counter and toffutti cream cheese for bagels as well (it is not advertised but it is there). The place is adorable as well and the staff is all very nice and helpful!
4	I've gotten my daily grind @ a national chain coffee shop on 16th st & Bethany home rd for quite som time until wandering into Luci's Healthy Marketplace on the opposite corner. Talk about day vs. night!! Luci's harks back to the days of the neighborhood market/coffee house where the propriator and employees not only know your name but how you like your morning Joe! I find that the people working here genuinely ENJOY doing so and are eager to give their customers the kind of experience that is all too often missing in todays frenetic world. I had been meaning to try something from their dinner menu and recently had the opportunity. The home made chicken pot pie sounded like just the thing to brighten up a rainy day so I ordered up one and had a seat at the counter in front of the chef. It isnt often that you get to sit and watch your food prepared to order before your eyes but here I was, comfortably enjoying a conversation with a few other patrons and chatting with the chef while he prepared my meal. The pot pie comes in a HUGE tin which lends itself to transport home, filled with a thick, hearty broth LOADED with fresh perfectly prepared vegetables and plump, juicy chicken. Gently placed atop of the filling is a lite, flaky puff pastry shell which gives the pie the perfect amount of texture and crunch. I REALLY hoped this pie tasted as good as it looked and soon enough I was able ta put spoon to meal and enjoy my first bite...the verdict...it was DELICIOUS!!!! that this is probably the BEST pot pie i've EVER had from the most unlikely of locations is a testament to the involvement of the owners, Ken & Luci Schnitzer who can be found daily making their customers feel like welcomed family. I HIGHLY recommend dropping in to have a meal, a superbly prepared coffee drink or some of their ADDICTIVE house iced tea...a Mediterranean pomagranite citrus green tee.
4	The coffee and food are excellent.  The store a little expensive.
3	Hummm where do I start.  I guess I came in expecting more.  Having worked in a couple of successful small locally owned health food market cafe combos while still in college I know what is possible.  I was truly expecting more health food and suppliments.  This was more of an upscale QT (I like QTs) with a cafe and a mixed bag of suppliments.  It wasdifficult manuvering through the cafe tables and meandering patrons to get to the market section. When it came time to check out....maybe I was lost but I didn't find a market only register, just the one at the cafe front was staffed.  It seemed awkward and they acted like they are not used to seeing market items at the register.  Also remember to bring your own bags.  I bought 8 items, forgot my bag and I had to use their basket to get my stuff to my car and then bring their basket back.  I did enjoy my fresh squeezed orange juice I picked up for the road.  I may be back to try the cafe, but I will continue to go to Sprouts for my health food needs.
5	Best place in the valley to get a coffee. If you like LGO you'll love this place. Same principal without the crowds and stress that LGO has. You can actually relax here and hear yourself think. I had their Breakfast Burrito this last Sunday and I can say with out a doubt that it was the best Breakfast Burrito I have ever had, and I know my Breakfast Burritos. Another great idea, and this goes for any coffee shop, other than Starbucks because they don't have it, use Almond Milk in your Mocha instead of regular or non-fat. It is amazing. My next plan is to try their cooking classes.
4	Good coffee, good food, gluten free options for everything, great atmosphere (especially in off summer months). I really enjoy this place! It's a grocery store too and has a ton of great healthy options for food to take home. If I am ever in the area and can, I try to move all my business meetings and lunches to this place. I just like being there.
5	Great place for brunch or to relax with a coffee. Their hot chocolate is amazing.
3	The people who work at Luci's are pleasant and seem to like working there. I didn't get the feeling they recognize me although I was going regularly for a while. The muffins from Wicked Bakery are DElicious - not cheap, but I believe you get what you pay for. I love the garage door, and their selection of tea is extensive and tasty.
5	I love Luci!!! For real. Not Lucy, the whiny bitch who doesn't like to make dinner and cries to her husband, but Luci, the amazing joint that makes me an amazing lunch AND breakfast and offers a great atmosphere and friendly staff.I get my coffee there for the cups alone, which are corrugated and do not need those pathetic cardboard sleeves that always fall off other coffee cups.The breakfast sammie is so huge, I cannot finish it for breakfast, which is awesome. Lunch is equally as great. I have never been able to try a dessert yet as I always leave full. You can't go wrong with this cute little market, their cooking classes, the awesome seating and the amazing food.
4	We were craving a Sunday morning latte so we started driving towards  Starbucks on Bethany Home and 16th st when we saw Luci's kitty corner across the street. It looked so cute with the garage door open and looked full of activity. They had a little farmers market in front with fresh produce from a local farm being sold. I had a soy latte , my husband had a vanilla latte and we split the egg sammie. The lattes were really good and I agree the corrugated cups are way better than those "sleeves" you get at other coffee places. The egg sammie was really big, it looked more like an omelet squished between a bagel. The total for everything was $14 which seemed a little high but you can tell everything was made with quality ingredients so the price is worth it. The lunch menu sounds great and consists of mostly sandwiches and salads. This is a fun place to meet with friends or just stop in for a good cup of coffee.
4	Luci's is a cute marketplace located in the epicenter of what is quickly becoming the hottest area in the 602 for locally owned outstanding businesses.My first experience with Luci's was after having dinner at The Garage, my pal I and wanted to grab a coffee. We went in at about 9:30, and I was surprised to find two Debbie Downers working the counter. I tried to make a small joke, to see if these were people, or if the zombie uprising was starting, but I am still uncertain.Grabbed a coffee and cupcake and called it a night. The coffee was good and the cups were pretty cool, they had a built in heat sleeve, so you are wasting less paper. The cupcake was ok, but nothing to start a Facebook fan page over.Second visit was again after a visit to The Garage (hey, I am a simple creature) this time on a Friday at lunch. Happily, I had a complete different experience, and the staff were downright sweet. There were five people in my group, and I was ordering/paying for us all. After ordering two drips, and a mocha, the girl happily expressed, "Oh, I thought this was going to be a much more difficult order." It was kind of silly and sweet, almost like she meant to think that, and not say it, but her intentions were good, so I just told her we like to keep things simple. Walking over to prepare my coffee, another employee warmly greeted us and asked what we were up to today. It was a nice exchange, and it was great reflection on the place. I will chalk up my first experience to people being tired, I think we've all had days like that and no harm done.
4	I want to write a love poem for Luci's. And their omelets. That's a weird statement, I know. Even though I've been in this neighborhood forever, I have yet to try Luci's. I was told they have tons of stuff that was gluten free not only in the market, but also in their food section. And they do!Marketplace. Now, I honestly think that they are pretty overpriced for some of their gluten-free stuff, but they do offer some varieties I haven't seen at a traditional place like Whole Foods or Sprouts - AND this place is super cute too. It's a pretty small marketplace compared to a grocery store, but when you shop here you can get an awesome meal and cup of coffee. Eatery. This is my favorite part of Luci's. You can order food or coffee at the Coffee Bar sign. They have tons of stuff - again, the omelets are my favorite - and plenty of treats. Endless choices for coffee too. PS they offer GLUTEN-FREE BREAD. Oh yum yum yum!Also, be sure to check out their website and sign up for cooking classes. They're a bit pricey - $39.99 a piece, but they sound super interesting. I had to cancel the ones I had recently because of a timing issue, but they sound SO good! Why not 5 stars? Well, the parking. I HATE the parking! It's in the weirdest L-shaped shopping center and I had to double-back a few times in order to secure a spot.
5	Last night we went to Luci's Healthy Marketplace/the Coffee bar. Its the cutest little health food store & coffee bar w/ Live music on Saturday nights. Its open till 10 on friday & Saturday, but we didn't get a chance to get in the until 10:30. We sat & talked to the owners until 11ish.They're super sweet people who are believers & their story on how they started to the Grocery/restaurant/coffee bar is an amazing story to hear. I highly recommend you go & check out this place & have some delicious food & yummy coffee. Lucis husband is so real and raw about living healthy and enjoying life. It was refreshing. Don't forget to Say Hi to Luci while your there, she is just as cute as a button.
4	Try the hum-dinger!
4	My mom & I were looking for a healthy place to have lunch yesterday, so I did a search for healthy spots near my work & Luci's was the 1st place to come up. Finding a parking spot was kind of hard, we drove around twice & then finally someone was backing out so we scored a spot. We made our way over to the cafe side & looked over the menu. I got the strawberry patch salad (added chicken) & my mom got the veggie head salad. For drinks I got the pomegranate citrus iced tea & my mom, who always asks if places carry diet sprite/7up (they NEVER do), settled for a stevia sweetened lemon-lime soda. I LOVED my salad, although I wish the chicken was grilled, my mom said hers was pretty good. I really liked my iced tea, so refreshing! My mom said  she didn't like her soda, but she drank it all so it probably wasn't that bad. Total for our salads & drinks was about $25. Seems a lil pricey to me, which initially was the reason I wanted to give Luci's 3 stars, but that open garage is just way too cool, so 4 stars it is. If I wasn't trying to be healthy that day I so would have sampled some of the yummy looking desserts, they all looked amazing!
4	It's like an adorable, crunchier version of Whole Foods. I also like that they offer cooking classes and integrate the market and coffee shop seamlessly.
3	Solid three. The. Place and the Feel is great. I wish they could follow with food well made. I have had the BLT and the 2 other food items that were made in the kitchen...all three times were a let down. I have the pre-made food from now on. I want to give 4* but they have to earn it.|RL|Note: LGO still wins as my fav brunch place.
2	The place is bright and cute (too cute in my opinion), the staff is friendly, and the wifi is free.  Unfortunately, the espresso drinks are horrendous.  I gave this place two tries separated by a couple of months, with different baristas and the same unfortunate conclusion.  My lattes tasted the way I imagine wet cardboard tastes.  Had to be tossed.  Sorry Luci's, I tried.  Too yupstery anyway.
2	I really wanted to love Luci's. Sadly, I did not. My parents are old, really old. Due to their chronic old-ness, they tend to have inflexible habits. Since I am not old, I don't share many of these routines. They like coffee, I drink tea. They need dessert whereas I don't eat sweets. On a recent weekend visit I decided to side step some of these issues by taking them to Luci's for dessert and coffee. Between the three of us we ordered three 12 ounce coffees, one cinnamon roll and two pieces of an apple tart. Total bill? $23 bucks... Ah well, I thought, you pay for quality. right? No. The cinnamon roll looked and tasted exactly like the deadly square things you can get at any convenience store. Even heated the frosting didn't loosen up, rather it kept its glue like consistency. The apple tart looked magnificent, however the flavor was severely lacking. The taste was like a fleeting thought of apple, as if I was remembering a good slice of pie. The coffee was simply OK, nothing great. I love the open feel to Luci's, and the patio area is great. The lunch menu has some very interesting options that I will come back to try. As I gazed longingly at the Starbucks across the street I realized that maybe, just maybe, my parents were on to something. If you don't try new things you probably won't be disappointed.
4	I like the atmosphere, and they also have very friendly staff.  I live nearby, and so go there a fair amount for coffee, lunch and light shopping.  I find their food to be good, and I like the atmosphere, and the friendly staff.  I guess the only complaints I would have are the lack of parking and fairly high prices.  I guess you gotta pay more for 'organic' and wholesome' though.
3	Its one of the cutest places in town.  Buy some groceries (the location is convenient and selection is small, but interesting, pricing is normal for a boutique grocery). I had a muffin there once that was decent.  I sometimes will stop and get two pieces of cake to go.  I ate food there twice, once was when they first opened, so I'll not write about that, as I'm sure they were working out hiccups. the second time was breakfast.  I just had that muffin, but my boyfriend had a breakfast burrito. the potatoes were undercooked and it was just a mass of scrambled eggs with little flavor.  he won't eat there again, so it'll be a while before I try to eat there again. I hope the quality of the food improves, as I really like having cool places to eat near the house. I gave them an extra star for being in my hood.
4	This is a 3.5 star review rounded up. This place reminds me a lot of La Grande Orange. A small marketplace with healthy, expensive, rare organic gluten free stuff that doubles as a restauraunt/cafe. There really is no ambiance, i mean you are basically eating in a grocery store, but they play good music, have fresh, flavorful food. There breakfast and lunch are very good and reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. They also sell a lot of local and hard to find items in the market, but beware as it is pricey.
3	I always feel a sense of guilt having to write a less than stellar review after meeting the owner of a restaurant. Lucia was Beautiful and sweet, and a pleasure to meet, my lunch, however, was not fit to eat. I ordered the THE HUMM-DINGER VEGAN WRAP: Roasted artichoke, zucchini, red bell pepper, onion, fresh spinach and hummus with a balsamic reduction drizzle, with a side of fruit and the sun dried tomato wrap. Notice it says "Roasted", the cashier told me the Veggies were "Grilled". Unfortunately, to my dismay, they were neither. Everything inside was heated up, by either stove or microwave, I'd guess the latter, and the "Sun Dried Tomato Wrap" was thin, doughy and utterly flavorless, not to mention a shocking pink color, which I'm sure was due to being naturally colored with beet juice, but did not help make things anymore appetizing. The fruit was a soggy pile of your typical pre-cut cantaloupe, honey dew mix. It was not what I was expecting AT ALL, when I think of a grilled veggie wrap, I imagine tasting all those veggies bursting with flavor after caramelizing on the grill, they had no flavor though. I also did not expect the temperature to be Hot, chilled would have been better in my opinion if the veggies had actually bee grilled that is. This lunch to me was less than average and as I sat there will my full plate in front of me I was asked how my meal was, I clearly stated my concerns as I have here and was simply told that it was a "Best Seller". Lucia did send over a piece of chocolate cake, which was appreciated, but unfortunately missed the mark since I'm Vegan and the desserts aren't. Honestly, in my opinion, aside from the market, most of the menu items are anything but healthy. The 3 stars is for the market, my food would have been 1.And that folks is why I am the Lunch Snob!
2	I don't get it.  Why the good reviews?  OK, the marketplace is really pretty cool, but nothing too, too special.  And the menu SOUNDS wonderful but...After receiving great service while ordering, I waited...and waited...and waited for my three egg omelet.  I had to finally ask about it and when it arrived?  ICK!  Brown, dry omelet, and the potatoes were like hockey pucks.  Really pretty bad, I thought.Disappointing because place definitely has atmosphere.
5	I've been here several times and each time I am amazed at how wonderful the food is.  The ambiance is great- the tables and chairs are right at the front in a community type setting. You can also pick up groceries while you're there!
2	Listen, Luci's is in our neighborhood. Within walking distance from our joint. And while we would l-o-v-e to take advantage of that fact and enjoy ourselves a leisurely brunch/coffee every now and then...we won't. Probably ever. Why? Because Luci's, while a wonderful concept (LGO much?), fails miserably at being what they claim to be.Um, the food? Awful. The menu sure sounds appetizing, but what you pay big bucks for is appalling. We had breakfast a few weeks ago and our dishes (a breakfast bagel sandwich and french toast) were cold, flavorless, and just plain ugly (am I allowed to use that word when describing food?). First, we paid $20 for two breakfast plates and an iced coffee. Second, after ringing our orders incorrectly and overcharging us, they forgot the sandwich order and were out of iced coffee. This wasn't an all at once kind of blow either, more like every five minutes we noticed or someone informed us of a mistake. Enjoying breakfast is difficult with constant let down being thrown in. Third, everything was served on crappy styrofoam plates. With plastic utensils. See Reason #1 for explanation why this is not okay.Should I even keep going? Fourth, the "door" was open and we were swarmed by flies the entire time (DISGUSTING). Dozens of flies were crawling on everything and we spent majority of our meal swatting them away. None of the staff seemed concerned.And lastly, I said it once but I'm saying it again: the food. Terrible. My french toast sounded utterly delectable on paper but was delivered cold, totally flavorless (how can you make cinnamon bread dipped in batter flavorless?) and cost a ridiculous $10. No sides, no pretty garnish to soften the blow of how unappealing it was... just a sad stack of three slices of the worst toast I've ever tasted. NOW, if Luci's stepped up with a complete redo, maybe we'd try them again. For now though, we're sticking with LGO...even if it's a 10 minute drive.
1	This place was ridiculously expensive!  Had 3 drinks (which supposedly were happy hour specials) and 2 desserts and it was more than I expected to pay.  We had the red velvet and I got to say the frosting was good, but the cupcake had no flavors that would make it stand out from any other store bought, packaged muffin.  Left disappointed with the quality of the drinks and the snacks.  The parking was also difficult to find.
3	Big Boy B-fast good, with colorful fried potatoes.  Oatmeal was instant - lame.  Lots of seating.  Nice casual atmosphere.  Lots of unhealthy sweet stuff - for a health market :)  Prices seemed a bit high.
3	I love that I can get a hemp milk late here! The only downside is that the last time I was here it was getting to be pretty hot outside yet they insisted on keeping the large windows/doors open so it became a little difficult to drink my late while having to wave away pesky flies.
4	I like this place. The coffees are good and the food is tasty.  Probably the food isn't as good as the ambiance of the place, it just a has a real cool vibe to it so who cares?Parking is usually a problem but the staff is very warm and friendly.
2	Wife and I went to Luci's this weekend for lunch. I loved the idea after driving by and then checking out the website. I was surprised at a few things. Waiting by the kitchen area to grab a menu, the grill was a freakin mess! We almost left right then. The manager? guy was kind of pestering the chef? to get this next order right. The chef guy seemed very disinterested in listening to him. Kind of weird. Food order was wrong. They offered to remake it which was fine. Then the order came back out and they were out of chips this time, so I had to choose a different side. Cramped interior. Had to squeeze between tables to the side of the garage door to some baskets mounted to the wall to get plasticware. Just not what I was expecting. Kind of amateurish feeling. Won't bother going back.
1	Oooooh...I picked up a small chicken salad for lunch the other day and took a bite in the car.  Totally rancid!  I took it back in and the owner said "Give her something else, no charge"  The next thing I ordered was a turkey wrap, which the staff member pulled out of the same under refrigerated container.  The health department should take a look before someone gets sick.I called the owner and he said he would "look into it"Also, way too expensive for what you get
4	Okay, they don't have Malibu but the DO have my favorite coconut water, C2O. It's in a can and they sell it by the case. I LOVE IT! A writer's group I belong to meets here monthly. Free Wi-Fi and large tables are definitely a plus. On cooler Phoenix evenings, they lift the door and the place is breezy and pleasant. Try the Dirty Doctor and you might end up nursing a Luci-style sandwich hangover. The Melt has Luci's house-baked turkey, roast beef, cheddar, avocado, horseradish mayo and their signature barbecue sauce :) Saturday is Jazz Night: haven't stopped in yet but am intrigued...And if you get stuck for parking, try the backdoor. It's easy access :)
4	I love the fact that it's kitty corner from a Starbucks and still holds it's own.I'll be honest, I have never taken an offered cooking class, bought that many items at the marketplace or hung out for the atmosphere......but I do partake in the coffee bar and love it. I always avoid the temptation of their amazingly wonderful looking morning eats and sweets, and I don't know how I continue to resist. I get my Chai Tea Latte or my sugar with coffee and cream (just like Mike D.) and head into work. I love the vintage fun feel you get and the neighborhood environment is nifty. I guess I need to expand and try one of their cooking classes or at least hang out and give the atmosphere a chance to sink in.Though it doesn't have the drive through like the Starbucks I mentioned earlier, it does have a pretty fast moving coffee bar set up and barista. Even if I am running tight for work, I still take the time to park, get off my tush and walk into Luci's because it really does help brighten my day... and walking off with their cute blue and orange to go cup reminds you to smile as you walk into the office.
2	Coffee is good, not great, better than starbucks, but overpriced by about a buck a drink. Sandwiches are nothing to write home about.Service varies from an over ( too) friendly guy in the morning which would be great if I was caffeinated prior to walking in, to crappy service in the afternoons. Get some authenticity and I will be the neighborhood customer you need.
2	Listen, the coffee is great. That's a no-brainer.  And, looking to support local business, I decided to switch up my morning routine from the always packed, never enough parking and long line drive-thru, Starbucks across the street. That said, I stopped into Luci's quite a few times the past month for my morning fuel (not just as a weekend treat) only to find no waiting. Good start but perhaps a little telling now that I have tested my hypothesis of coffee stops.  I don't mind a little conversation while ordering but to repeat my order three times....I am wondering if I am speaking Italian and don't realize it.  Don't get me wrong, the baristas are friendly but I don't need to be made aware of every detail that the night crew didn't clean up or prep for the morning or that it's "a little too early to be up and moving" at 7:15am. Is that not the shift for those of you that make up part of our morning routine when I am more than willing to fork over $4.97 for a large iced coffee with some sugar free vanilla syrup? Just sayin'. I love the store, concept and the coffee...but for just an OK experience, I might go back to making my coffee at home and putting that money in my vacation fund.
3	Cute restaurant, coffee shop, and small market.  They have a great happy hour where their 32 oz drinks and pastries are half off.  They make a delicious chocolate macaroon.   Haven't tried their coffee but ice tea and their fruit smoothies are good and even better at HH prices.  Their sandwiches are delicious and if you get both their macaroni salad and potato salad together its a great combination.  Their breakfast, however, not as great - mostly basic breakfast foods without much fanfare to them.  Free wi-fi. It has a different atmosphere from your basic coffee shop but it's a nice change if you are looking for a change in environment.  They have a live jazz band on Saturdays - haven't been able to make one yet.  Overall a pretty neat place .
5	My new place for wi-fi and iced coffee. Breakfast is great also. Good service, easy location. On my good list. When you are done with coffee, don't forget to pick up a few healthy things for later.
5	I abosolutely adore Luci's!!! I heard about this place by the tattoo removal shop in the same strip mall and have been a loyal customer ever since. I first fell in love with this place when I was trying to find a coffee place that caters to Vegan tastes (meaning, having vegan milk other than Soy). I was coming in for almond milk & soy milk lattes with hazelnut flavoring, when one day I came in and their espresso machine wasn't working. Samantha suggested for me to try the "Toddy" coffee with my usual flavoring, I did and I AM A TODDY FANATIC!!! I come in atleast once a day for this amazing drink. I did some research online about Toddy and it turns out it is great for people who love coffee but can't have it because of digestive upsets. SInce it is cold-brewed it has 67% lower acidity levels than hot-brewed coffee. They even named the drink I get because I come in so much, seriously, ask for it "The Jennoddy" No Joke. I like recycling so I re-use my cup as well (I have the 32oz & 20oz ones) and they give you a discount for reusing your cup! They also have great snacks for kids so it's no biggie if you need to bring in your little one. I love that this place is truely independant and the employees actually care about you as not only a customer, but a person (unlike their across the street diagonal corner neighbors).
2	This place stinks for 2 reasons. Food is too pricey & THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE COUNTER DON'T SHUT THEIR YAPPERS LONG ENOUGH TO ACTUALLY HEAR YOUR ORDER. Then you have to repeat it two more times which is annoying for me & everyone else behind me. Please stop the shiny happy people routine and let me have my coffee.
3	It's so nice to find another local place to have breakfast! However , a few things I found annoying and I've only been there twice.  Each time I've been there on a weekend morning, one of the registers was not working correctly.  Menus are not easily accessible until you get to the counter to order.  This can be really annoying because either you know what you want or you have to wait a few minutes until the people in front of you decide what they want to eat while 5 people behind them are waiting patiently.  And the cashier is pretty slow.  The pricing seemed reasonable however it was $8.99 for french toast (3 pieces-no bacon or saugage included) and around $2.50 for their organic coffee.  The food came out hot and looked great although it was way sweet to me.  Too sweet to actually finish and I love french toast but not Luci's.  I will give them another try because it's local and close to my house.  I heard there's Jazz on certain nights, so will have to try out dinner.
5	I recently moved closer to this area and have been wanting to give Luci's a try.  As soon as I walked in I was greeted by two super friendly barista's, Bryant and Emily. Being my first time here, they were both really awesome helping me pick out what I wanted to eat and drink. This place is really cute and has a lot of awesome food and beverage options. I ordered the Naughty Nurse and an iced latte with almond milk! (really awesome that they offer almond milk...so tired of soy) . It's a nice mix of coffee shop and grocer.  They offer a lot of healthier options, organic/gluten-free/vegetarian and so on.  I highly recommend!
4	A cute little store.  Love their product lines...wish they carried organic/sustainable meats in their sandwiches and I also wish that they would get the loud guy working there a muzzle.  He was totally killing the vibe as every time I got a second to collect my thoughts I could hear him yelling something to someone right in front of him as if he just had to make sure everyone in the store heard him.  3.5 stars
4	After finding ourselves lost in a dry riverbed along the freeway, David and I decided to give in and call our early morning hike a done deal.  Our planned destination was Piestewa Peak but we were off course, so way off course.  After running around aimlessly for a bit, posing for pics and climbing a small hill we headed to Luci's for breakfast. We were really looking forward to it as it was a first visit for the both of us. The space is really cool, interesting products, great layout, a cool diner counter and super friendly staff. All that being said, my meal (egg Sammy on asiago bagel) was average and fell just a tad short of my expectations considering the anticipation and how great it read on the menu.  On a brighter side, David was thrilled with his "special request" latte. Evidently there are restrictions on allowable ounces on coffee products sold. He had his heart set on a super size big gulp version of a latte and the staff being super accommodating allowed for this "one time" exception and in my eyes a redeeming point lost on my Sammy.  Luci, for this I grant you back the lost point and a promise to return in the near future.  Thank you.
3	coffees pretty good and staff is friendly
4	French toast is amazing... it tastes like it's made out of Cinnabons. Om.Haven't tried anything else aside from a bite of a friends breakfast burrito (didn't do that much for me).  My egg nog latte wasn't actually made with eggnog, but had a shot of syrup so the taste was a bit off.  But the French Toast!
3	Walked over today to check it out. Only tried the lemon bar but the menu was pretty extensive and varied. It's a little pricey for me but it smelled great, so it would be something to try when I want to treat myself. It was very busy which is usually a good sign but the ordering process was a little confusing. The menu on the wall listed drinks only and you had to either order the specials on the chalk board (which wasn't very organized and some didn't have prices listed) or grab a paper menu once you got close enough to the counter. They  had a fridge with salads, yoghurt and juices. No dishes on the food menu were under $5 from what I saw, even a simple plate of eggs and bread. I guess you pay for the "organic" bit. However, I couldn't tell what was made there and what was fresh - I assume the baked goods are but the bagels were in bags. It probably says on the menu somewhere...The lemon bar was tasty and very hearty, though it wasn't as flavourful as others I've tried - basically just sweet lemon. I couldn't taste the crust at all. The staff were all really friendly, and that's always a bonus. I have plans to go back tomorrow morning to try the breakfast and coffee and will update then.----UPDATE: Went in this morning for coffee and breakfast. Had an egg Sammie (scrambled eggs w/ your choice of cheese, meat and bread) with provolone and bacon on an English muffin. The eggs were very fluffy with real bacon bits mixed in, topped with the cheese and sandwiched in the muffin, sliced in half. It's a decent portion size - however, since this is something I make at home all the time for myself, I'm not sure if the $7 was worth it, but it was still a really good, filling breakfast. I also got a 12 oz. of the day's house blend and added in low fat milk and sugar myself. The coffee wasn't very strong but that's my fault for not asking for the more bold blend. Mom's slice of quiche (which she said was very good), my Sammie, a mocha and a cup of coffee was nearly $20. A little steep but it's a good environment and doesn't feel snobbish like a lot of Whole Foods-type places. My assessment of this is not a place for the casual, every day diner still stands. This is more of a place to treat yourself. I'll come back but not as a first choice.
4	Breakfast at Luci's. I don't know how it could get better than a simple toasted everything bagel with butter, lemonade and the LuLulemon fashion show.
4	Great place to grab a quick coffee or bite, but also a great place for breakfast.  The oatmeal here is almost as good as Taylor's Cafe but the omelettes are pretty tasty and come with a sweet potato hash that I wish more places would serve.  The good news is that if you are here just for coffee, the pastry case is better than at any Starbucks.  You can also wander around the store and get some other groceries.  (Its not the cheapest, think Whole Foods) but it does feel like a great neighborhood place.  Parking is not great though, so be forewarned, carpool if you can!
2	While this place does have an extensive menu - the wait is ridiculous.  You get a number and sit at a table waiting for your food.  This is even if you order to go.  I waited over 15 min for a breakfast sandwich  - which still came out wrong.  The sandwiches on the lunch menu sound so enticing that I decided to try it again.  I called in an order this time and went to pick it up 5 min later than they said - still not ready.  The prices are way higher than anywhere else around there and it is honestly not worth it.
4	Upon first pulling up to and entering Luci's there does not seem to be much to like about this place, let alone to get excited about.  However, I decided to give it a try for lunch one day.  What can I say?  I LOVE THIS PLACE! Granted there is absolutely nothing special about the atmosphere and the patrons were not quite as eclectic as I thought they would be (OK I used to hang out in Greenwich Village a lot when I lived in NY).  But the "something special" is right where it counts... The wonderful food and friendly staff.If you are looking for unbelievably great tasting, organic, fresh and healthy food; this is the place to go.My first time there I had the Humm-Dinger Vegan Wrap. This wrap had artichokes, zucchini, red bell peppers (all roasted to perfection), fresh and I mean FRESH spinach along with hummus and balsamic. For my side I had the homemade asiago penne salad and an herbal iced tea to drink.  The wrap was by far the best tasting wrap I have ever had anywhere! The penne salad was very good and it was a nice small portion (just the right size).  The herbal iced tea was absolutely full of flavor and the portion size on the wrap was great. If I were hungrier I could have consumed the whole wrap, but as it were I took half of it home and enjoyed it just as much the next day.Yes, I really do love this place.  I have now been back for a third time and I have never been disappointed. The other dishes I have tried are: The Portobello "Shroom" Burger (absolutely fantastic!) and the Low Carb Gobbler Wrap (again another fresh and delicious choice).I now look forward to going here much more often for lunch and I want to try their breakfast too.  Something tells me I won't be disappointed.
3	I want to LOVE Luci's. I really do. Unfortunately, it's just missing that je ne sais quoi that makes a place like LGO so special.  Pros - super friendly staff, good coffee, decent selection of wines/beers and natural/organic products. Cons - expensive (Two sandwiches and two coffees for $30) for food that was just "ok," limited availability of local products (this made me sad), there can be a long wait for food (I've ordered food three times and it's been cold each time I've gotten it)Good for popping in to grab a quick coffee- not worth ordering food and hanging out.
3	We went to have breakfast for dinner on Saturday Night but they stop serving Breakfast at 5pm, Only on Saturday. The sandwiches we choose instead were meh, but the chicken soup was tasty. The pastries look divine so we got some to go at 50% off. They do have a great selection of Mrs. Meyer's cleaning products, the best I've ever seen. Plus they have a good selection of Vegan and Gluten Free products! We will be back but probably not for a meal.
3	First time I tried this today. The place is quite open and airy allowing a fresh breeze into the dining area. It has a organic store in the back. The food was excellent but the downfall is the wait. Our food came out at separate times about 7 minutes apart. However, getting past that, the food was very good. I had the all natural burger that came with tater tots and sweet potato tots. Those were exceptionally yummy. My boyfriend had the french toast (which I tasted) and it was cooked well. The place was fun and the food was great, but those dining here need to know the wait is a bit excessive.
4	Cinnamon roll was delicious, if a bit dry.The table at the edge of the door, with the breeze blowing, was fantastic.The tater tots were pretty good, the burger was very well presented, but was a bit uncooked.The funky monkey French toast was goddamned amazing! HUGE slices, extra thick. Definitely want that again!Great atmosphere, great food. Only complaint was our food was quite staggered.
4	Me and my wife went there after church yesterday. it was a great good food, great service, even when they had computer problems, we sat outside it was really cool.
3	I have been here a few times now for breakfast with friends. It is always packed and parking is a bear. Either park across the street or behind the plaza. Anyhoo, I love their iced coffee!! I thought Starbucks was strong, this blows them out of the water, great coffee. I had the Breakfast burrito, it was huge. I was hoping by the menu it would be great, it was ok, the sausage was ok, they did use alot of different types of potatoes, sweet, russet and some type of purple kind so it pretty much sucked up all the moisture out of the burrito. The salsa on the side was average but was not nearly enough for the whole burrito. I would suggest the iced tea..soooo good. It is a great little place, especially when they open the doors and luckily a breeze blows in. They are also pet friendly.
1	My girlfriend and I have tried Luci's many times. Like dozens, because we live close by and it would be so cool to have this place be good. If you like good coffee skip it. A couple of time they sold us regular coffees and were actually out and we had to wait for them to brew more. One time we tried the baked goods and they tasted like they were sitting in that case for weeks! So nasty. Most recently we tried the breakfast we tried the buckwheat pancakes and were charged a dollar for 4 extra blueberries. I tried a cappuccino and the foam was so thick I had to scope it out into the garbage can. The first 4 times we went the staff was rude, un-attentive and very unorganized. The staff seemed to be nicer this time but still unorganized. In the end, too expensive for such a sub par experience. Too bad so sad.
5	I once again feel the need to sing my praises for Luci's. And more specifically, the weekday morning crew. At some point I bought myself the best supplies to make myself a morning coffee for the road. And sometime a few days ago, I realized that was a damn waste of money. Because I was only going to end up at Luci's. Luci's is where I can go to get a nice dose of sunshine, both weather wise and people wise. Luci's is where I can go and make up my morning song about hot coffee, and rather than have the staff look at me funny, they freestyle right along with me. Luci's is where the name field on the order sticker doesn't say name, but rather says neighbor. Luci's is where I can get breakfast for breakfast, lunch and dinner. And weekday morning Luci's is nice and calm and quiet, which allows me to start the day at my own pace.
3	I wish I was closer to this place because I would visit more often. This is a great local coffee shop in a neighborhood that is growing.  The coffee and food is great.  My one problem with the place is the parking.  The last time I was in the neighborhood, I had to drive around several times to find a parking.  I love that this is a coffee shop and market.  They offer diverse products that you would not find in other stores.  Check this place out and grab a cup of coffee.
4	I've heard lots of good things about Luci's over the past few years, and had it on my mental checklist of places to go and check out here in the valley of unique and cool places.  A few months back, they were on Channel 3 during their Saturday morning broadcasts.Parking here's a bit limited, but not bad.  I imagine if you were to come here on a busy week night it might be different, but overall not bad.  I walked in and really liked what I saw.  Cute setup, with a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Healthy without the feeling of eating or being sold bark instead of real food.I initially wanted dinner, but decided on a bagel with cream cheese instead.  Here's where they loose a star.  ok, so on their menu, they have a bagel, cream cheese and lox combo for $6.99.  It comes with the onions, capers, tomato's and everything else that normally goes with a plate like this.  Well, I told the girl that I just wanted something lite, and if I could get a bagel with lox and cream cheese only.  She told me it was $8.99?  um, Can't you sell me the $6.99 bagel lox n cream cheese thing and leave the capers out of it? Why the extra $2?  Maybe I misheard...but if I didn't, that's kind of weird!  Why wouldn't she just sell me the $6.99 one?Anyways, I ended up going with just a bagel and cream cheese with lemon water.  Bagel was great, and the cream cheese with whipped and appeared to be made in house!  They also serve breakfast all day, which I thought was awesome!  Totally my gig, as I sometimes like to mix it up and have breakfast for dinner on the weekends.  Place is wonderfully decorated, staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Bathrooms are pretty cool and clean for the most part.  I will say, I absolutely love how this place is decorated.  Totally my style.
3	Simple food, great ambiance, a inexpensive menu. We had the Greek omelet, it just needed more feta & I would have gave them 4 stars.
5	Expensive! Worth every penny though. This place makes high quality, healthy food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The staff are always high energy, smiling and very helpful which helps make the atmosphere extremely positive and inviting. This place i
4	All I can say is, I wish it were my neighborhood store.An Alta Dena lactose product, a BST sandwich [bacon spinach and tomato], and beet chips crackling beside me ...
4	Luci's is a great little neighborhood store nestled on the corner of 16th St and Bethany Home. They offer a full breakfast/lunch menu (order @ counter, then delivered to table), plus a unique variety of items that you would find in a boutique-esque grocery store. I've only eaten breakfast here, and many times at that as well as quick stops  for their coffee or a six pack of cold ones. The strawberry waffles were very enjoyable, and the Mrs said the hash browns (mixed with sweet potato hash browns..mmmh!) and the yogurt parfait were also very good. They have garage style glass doors that are raised during non summer months that allow for a great breeze and view of this busy little intersection.The parking is a bit of a disappointment but I guess you cant win them all. After breakfast or lunch swing by Dick's next door for a drink or wander over to Poor Little Rich Girl for some boutique shopping, great neighborhood spots, wish there were more of them.
5	This is a great place to eat! The food here has never disappointed. I had stopped here for lunch a few times, but today I went for breakfast, and I was totally impressed with my food. I had the French Toast- it was great! You can't go wrong with any of the food or coffee here. This place is somewhat like La Grande Orange- but without the huge, swarming crowds.
5	Love, Love Love Luci`s!!Whether its a stop in for coffee, a sandwich, a delicious brunch or picking up groceries, Luci`s has it all!! They even have live music on Saturday evening and offer cooking classes which I might have to try!Live nearby so love stopping in here and staff is always great!!
2	My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night jazz night once and I've been here a couple of times for coffee. I really want to love this place but I just can't get into it. Each time I've been I haven't been moved by the coffee drinks and the veggie lavash pizza I had for dinner was just okay. The ambiance is great and I love the location. I just feel it's a little overpriced and the market holds very few things I couldn't find at Trader Joe's/Sprouts for a better price.I can definitely see the appeal. Nice & healthy. I've been meaning to try their breakfast. Perhaps that will win me over...
4	Gourmet pickles and breakfast. Two tings I don't have rarely but I found both here.I had a basic veggie omelet with potatoes and some fruit. Even as a split plate is was a good size and made for an affordable $4.50 each ($9ish total)The eggs were as expected, I was surprised by the meddely of potatoes including purple ones, it was good and unusual. The fruit was nothing too special. What made the meal great was a decent selection of small label hot sauces.In the market they had some nice gourmet pickles, something I had been looking for some time. My one complaint is that the meals and other things seem to be about 20% higher priced then I would like to see.
4	Such a fun atmosphere! The frozen hot chocolate was delicious. I like how the coffee bar area is seperate from the sandwich/lunch area, I think that makes traffic easier. The eating area is delightful too because they the tables set up with napkins and silverware already. Their Foursquare special is great too! $5 off $30 grocery purchase.
5	Such an adorable neighbourhood grocer complete with organic milk in glass bottles... love the boutique feel and open vaulted cafe.. I will be back for food and shopping when I have more time to dig through their organic homegrown riches..
4	Luci's tends to be my go-to place to when I have some take-home work or need a place to study.  They have free wi-fi and an atmosphere conducive to work, study, or even have a leisurely read.    They have good coffee, great iced tea, and delicious pastries.  I am partial to the scones and brownies.  I have only ordered the turkey burger off the menu.  It has a Mediterranean flair, was garnished with red peppers and artichoke hearts, and complimented with a side of regular and sweet potato tater tots.  It was an excellent sandwich, especially when compared to many of the outstanding restaurants in the area. The service is what makes Luci's shine.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  A manager usually asks about your food and won't hesitate to refill your iced tea.  Notwithstanding, I did have one negative experience with the service.  They forgot to make a coffee that I ordered.  After complaining, they apologized, quickly made my drink, and even gave me a $5,00 gift card for the inconvenience.  To their credit, they went above and beyond, which is more than what most places would do.Luci's also has a market attached to the restaurant/coffee shop.  They have a small but quality selection of wines, beers, cheeses, prepared foods, and a variety of other items.  Luci's is a great place to study/work, grab a quick bite, or have a casual date.  You should definitely check it out if you're in the area.
3	A place like Luci's is definitely needed in this location. I like their selection of products they have for sale (Weleda, Seventh generation, beer, cold drinks,  ice cream, etc) just anything I would usually get from Whole Foods or Sprouts, just without the drive. The store has a good feel to it. So why 3 stars? The pastries... I wonder why they didn't change the supplier in a long time. Today was the last time I gave them a try. No more. Coffee.... It  takes them too long to make a cup. If I am in hurry I just go across the street to Starbucks. I will not practice the virtue of patience, while waiting for my coffee, only to be nice.
4	I am into eating healthy, but I don't believe it should cost an arm and a leg to eat well, otherwise I will just cook for myself. Luci's has a great selection of really good healthy food on their menu and the prices are super reasonable. I tend to get the "Cluck Cluck Salad" which is delish....but I am very game for trying other things.I have yet to actually cruise the aisles and see what actual groceries they sell but I am sure they will seduce me one day.Great after a workout or a hike or yoga, the freshly squeezed oj is definately a must for me!!!  Great feel to the place, casual and ambient and open and just love it!!
5	My running group and I love Luci's after a long run. This morning I ordered the KRABBY PANTS OMELETTE which was delicious but holy hell full of oil and calories. I didn't eat the potatoes that came with it. I did eat the little ramekin of fresh fruit that came with it. This meal was like 750 calories. I'm glad I ate it earlier in the day, I have the rest of the day to burn some of that off.
4	I am very happy that my friend will be moving a few blocks away from Luci's so I have more excuses to head that direction.  I stopped in tonight, not intending to eat dinner...but a hungry 10 year old convinced me otherwise.  Glad she did.  She had a turkey sandwich with pesto and stuff that she inhaled...along with half my pickle.  I had one of the best black bean burgers I have had.  Since going vegetarian about two years ago I quickly learned that I'd rather go without than eat "fake meat" stuff.  But this was not a wanna-be burger.  This was a yummy, spiced bean patty with fresh tomatoes on a super fresh bagel!  I will be back!
3	Staff is great, food is Okay, this place is just busy and if you have time to kill and just want to get lost in the day, this is the place to go. Pry wont go back.
4	Very cool atmosphere. Had breakfast here and it was really good.  Coffee is great, too.  The vibe is similar to La Grande Orange, but even more neighborhood "market-y."  Focus on healthy, natural stuff (no Diet Cokes, but I can live with that!).  Reminds me of some places I've been to in LA neighborhoods like Silverlake or Abbot Kinney in Venice (for those of you who might be familiar with some of the hip locales in Los Angeles).  Haven't been to Luci's for lunch or dinner, but I just might do that in the next couple of weeks.
5	Love, love this place!  I discovered it in the same little shopping area with one of my favorite consignment shops. Luci's has a cafe with seating, as well as a healthy "grocery" type area with healthy fare. The cafe has sandwiches, salads, and a great breakfast that's served all day. They have several coffee drinks also. One of my favorite items is the Smoky Joe's BLT, which I always get in a tomato or spinach wrap with a side of fruit. The grocery area has lots of gluten-free and vegan items. They also have some novelty items, my favorite of which is a sticky note pad declaring "You're on my Sh!t List" -- dang, that little sticky note pad is damn therapeutic!! Parking can be a pain when it's busy, so just be aware...
2	Nice atmosphere, but that was about it.  Our order encountered turbulence when "the printer stopped working" which caused my breakfast to take over THIRTY FIVE minutes to arrive.  They offered nothing more than a simple apology which was still appreciated.  The Krabby Pants omelet was much over salted and the same could be said about the colorful fries that it came with.  The food was over priced and lacked value.  There is no reason I would come back to this establishment.
4	I was a bit torn on Lucy's. They're local and have made great use of their space so add a star.The serve up a decent cup of coffee and their treats from the coffee bar so add another star.I haven't had anything else on their menu but everything looks good so watch this space for another star.I'm less than impressed by the actual market part. Their shelves are stocked but I can never see myself coming here for groceries. Minus a star  :(All that said, I was desperate on the Friday before Christmas as I needed fresh basil. I managed to score the last package at Sprouts but I then proceed to dash all over the Biltmore area in search for the second package. No luck at Safeway, Fry's or Basha's. On a whim I popped into Luci's and scored the fresher looking of two packages of basil that looked sadly beyond their shelf lives. At this point though, I had no choice.The young guy who rang me up noticed the sorry state of my basil and after determining the poor quality of the other package proceeded to go into the store room and return with another package of FRESH fresh basil. OUTSTANDING service and attention to detail that would have been overlooked anywhere else. ADD 2 STARS for being exceptional!I still don't think that all of my grocery needs will be met here and I don't think that that is their goal. But I appreciate exceptional service like I received here so I plan to purchase what I can here. If nothing else, it's a perfect time to go back and sample their menu.Well done Luci's!
4	The menu has everything you could possibly want for either breakfast or lunch. Pretty good crowd, not a wait though, on this holiday morning. Looks like they forgot to build a big parking lot for this grocery store also. Nothing on the shelves could not be found at either Whole Foods or Sprouts. The pastries and bagels are not made on site, therefore it's best to utilize the sandwiches or egg/pancake fresh items made to order. Great choice on my part going with the breakfast bomb (burrito). A very unusual version made with alot of very colorful potatoes, most of which are organic because there were sweet, purple, yellow and white potatoes in there. Other ingredients were only eggs of course, finely chopped hickory bacon and cheddar cheese, but not alot like in Mexican places. Also, you get your choice of three tortillas flavors and sun-dried was my choice. Great burro for $7.99 and worth it for the solid parts inside. It looks nothing like any standard Mexi burrito. They give you a nice mild salsa on the side, but you will need more if you eat the whole thing (a challenge unless your starved). Grabbed a fresh lemonade at $3.25 for a good holiday breakfast.
4	I love this neighborhood and one of my favorite places to go when in the area is Lucy's.  The store sports a combination of espresso bar, healthy and gourmet grocery store and natural "drug" shop.The staff is most friendly and makes wonderful espresso drinks. Lucy's also offers breakfast and lunch as well as a vast selection of to go items. There is a large sit down area as well as bar where you can enjoy your food and access the complimentary internet wi-fi.
5	Ok I will be back for breakfast here.
5	Great place to come and get a bite to eat any day of the week. I especially love their egg creations that they serve all day... Excellent coffee. The staff is very friendly and courteous. Food ticket times are very fast and the quality of the meal is worth the price.Love to come here on the weekends and get some food and hang out & get some work done on the free wifi. Have been a regular customer ever since I discovered this place.
3	Made it to Luci's after 3 years, was not impressed the first time I went when they first opened but they have stepped up their game. NOW: with their leaning towards healthy goods and good for you foods, there were NO vegan options in pastries. strange..but lots of gluten free, GF does not make a vegan happy. Perhaps consult with a vegan? My latte was great, almond milk vanilla latte. love that they have these options! I was SHOCKED and amazed to look at their dinner menu and see that they served veal. As we all know, Veal is baby cows taken from their mothers at birth and locked in a box for 6-10 weeks and then slaughtered. This is promoting animal violence and cruelty and I cannot support a business that does this.I think Luci's is confused about their identity, here is healthy food (some of the best brands are here in their store) and then there is VEAL, no they don't cancel each other out and you can't make everyone happy Luci's. Pick an identity and go with it. Until I hear differently about the cruelty you choose to condone, you have lost my support.
5	Loooove this place!  Great waffles!
4	Luci's is a great little neighborhood spot. They have a coffee bar that offers great lattes and teas, etc... The staff is awesome, not sure why some reviewers seem to think otherwise. They are friendly, remember your name and always show a sense of urgency. The parking is pretty tight, so you might have to circle around the back of the shopping center once or twice. The menu offers some great sandwiches and salads, as well as some special diet options. They have some gluten-free items on the main menu and I believe they have the same in dessert/pastry items. One of my favorite things is breakfast and it's offered all-day at Luci's! The marketplace portion itself is pretty cool, not huge, but has a decent amount of shelf space to hold products usually found at Whole Foods. Lots of seating room and they have a big rolling garage-style door that opens the cafe area to the outside. It's especially nice in the spring and fall times. Beer and wine are also available in their coolers and they have dairy items as well. They also sell random funny things all over the place. Sarcastic magnets and notepads, etc... Check this place out, it's definitely worth a shot!Tip: For quicker service, call in your order ahead of time!
4	This place is unique and awesome. I'd give 5 stars but parking is horrible. You wont regret going here!!
3	I keep giving good ole Luci a try buy it seems like there is always something about my visits here that make me frustrated. I LOVE their iced tea, so maybe I need to stick with just that. My most recent upset? I got a $7 breakfast sandwich on an English Muffin and the muffin wasn't toasted! Have you ever eaten a 'non toasted' English muffin? Eew! Thankfully I got it to go and am currently in the process of toasting at home :(. Also, it was supposed to be scrambled eggs and it's not. It is just an omelet folded onto itself. I don't like omelets, that's why I ordered an egg sandwich! Sorry Luci but you can never quite hit the mark in my eyes. Boo!
5	Healthy, vegetarian friendly restaurant and market.  If you are looking for a healthy meal, funky gift or organic fare look no further than Luci's.  Great place for coffee or tea and a quick snack.
4	Really cute atmosphere and friendly staff, and opens up during spring and fall as a great seating area. Coffee and groceries a little over-priced, but the seating area makes up for it. The green tea smoothie is amazing.
4	Fats Waller said it much better than Ihttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neS6Flc5kd0Apologies for bursts of 1930's street humor.Breakfast, lunch, treats catering menu.  Sunday Cooking classes 5:30 - 7: 30..All day breakfasts and sandwiches plus a full case of fine-looking baked good.  Expressos and Latte.
5	A VERY cool little indie grocery store.  Completely organic, and really fun.  They have a food prep area and a coffee bar as well.  In the evening the place opens up to the street and has a great young hip vibe.
5	Gluten free dining and groceries in one cool place!
4	Had a friend bring home sandwiches and sides from here when I was sick about a year ago. I remember it being a very tasty lunch with only the freshest highest quality ingredients. I am eager to visit Lucy's in person.
5	So trendy! Very European! Enjoy for @ 3 o'clock pick me up
4	Luci's is a great little healthy market in north central area of Phoenix.  We went for lunch one day during the week since they have a little cafe inside the market.  Service is kind of slow, but the food was good. The atmosphere is interesting since you sit pretty much in the market.  It's got a cute "vintage/hipster" look to it.  I love it but want to hate it at the same time. Does that make sense? Phoenix is fast becoming a "Hipster-esk" type of city, and this joint falls right in line with that feel.  I want to not like it, but i do... ...Ok I'm rambling.  Check them out, the food is good.
5	I face weekend mornings with a fairly simple choice. Do I turn left and go to Starbucks on 32nd and Lincoln or turn right and head to Luci's? Easy choice and Luci's wins every weekend. Starbucks is for caffeine on a work day while Luci's is something else entirely. I'm from a very small town (3,500 people). In a small town every place you eat, drink, shop, or otherwise patronize places you alongside people from the community. To me, Luci's basically embodies the same kind of local, community based feeling but in a very large and widespread city. It is a place that has to be discovered because there is a Starbucks across the intersection that provides the uninitiated a safe option that keeps them in their comfort zone. The staff are simply great, offering up friendliness along with the coffee and food. They have the best french toast that I've had maybe ever. I'm a frequent flyer on the bagel and lox airline. The only thing I would add there is to please, please, please start slicing the onions thinner for the bagels/lox. I've bought some things from the grocery store, but it isn't my usual reason for going. They have unusual items that might be difficult to find elsewhere. I feel like Luci's is a throwback and I mean that in the best possible way. Give Luci's a shot, I think you'll like it.
4	Luci's is my go-to place for networking with other professionals over coffee. The staff is sweet, the coffee is good, and the hot chocolate is awesome. I feel very well taken care of when I'm here. The food is quite good too and they have many options for  people with gluten sensitivities. The only problem I have with Luci's is the tables are spaced too close together.
5	Luci's has excellent healthy food.  I ordered a build your own omelet and it was delicious.  I really enjoyed the breakfast potato' and fresh fruit. Great laid back atmosphere.  I am making a point to eat at Luci's at least once a week.
5	I rate Luci's highly for a remarkable staff, excellent coffee drinks, and for its very local feel.  Like John K says, this coffee shop has a small-town feel, and if you want to make new friends in the neighborhood, try out Luci's.The groceries are a bit overpriced in my opinion, but I suppose that comes with being a small retailer...
5	I really enjoy eating here. It's a great place to meet friends for coffee, breakfast or lunch. The prices are a little higher than average; however, the food and drink is surely worth it. I always get a Chai Frappuccino and an order of pancakes. The staff is always friendly and the service always quick. There is also plenty of browsing to do while waiting for your order. Luci's isn't just a place to eat; I often stop in to grab a few items for dinner on nights when traveling all the way to the grocery store is not an option.  I highly recommend Luci's to anyone looking for a good place to eat or find some coffee.
3	I have had both good and bad experiences here. The staff are friendly and happy, and their coffee bar delicious. But I can't get over waiting almost an hour while watching people come in and out, on a sidewalk table, cooking in the sun, because the person running the takeouts didn't check the entire restaurant before deciding to abandon finding me. This is despite the fact I was directly outside the front door and glass windows with my table number prominently displayed on the table flag. I finally left my dog, unattended on the sidewalk to go in and find out what happened to be told, "oh we were looking for you!" In an almost accusatory tone. I pointed directly through the window to my frantic dog. They asked if I had my number, and I again pointed to the window. I reminded them it had been over 45 minutes since I placed my order. They were unapologetic and even suggestive that it was my fault  because they couldn't find me. I was directly out front and prominently visible!! They wanted me to wait for the manager to decide he was free to talk to me, to which I informed them I could not because my dog was unattended, hot, and without water -I truly did not expect my 8:30 am Saturday breakfast take out run would have me outside in the heat for that long. I got home, a mile away, and the omelet did not look appealing after that long containment in the plastic, and my coffee was no longer hot. I think what left my the most upset (I get it, mistakes can happen) is there was a sense of such a lack of ownership for their mess up to not thoroughly check for their waiting customers. All I wanted was an acknowledgment and apology....
3	Went for breakfast today and asked for two scrambled eggs and an English muffin. I was charged for a breakfast sandwich hold the meat and cheese which is a bit expensive considering I didn't order meat or cheese.. $11 including my coffee and they put cheese in the egg anyway.. Ugh. English muffin was not toasted and did I mention there was no where to park?  A bit chaotic but love the idea.
4	This place is pretty adorable. It's like a less crowded, slightly smaller version of LGO. A smaller wine collection, but you can find what you need. You can also get glass bottles of milk here if you're missing the good ol' days of milkmen (or you were born too late and feel like you missed out). Definitely a place to check out if you're in the neighborhood.
5	Why have I not been coming here for years?I always went to the Starbucks across the street for coffee and treats, but never will I go there again if I can help it.Luci's Healthy Marketplace has the best breakfast! It's REAL food. I had their caramel latte and that was good too.I was glad to see that on a Saturday morning, it was packed. I like the boost that it gives to the local economy. I've spoken with Luci before, she's a really nice lady. I'm sure I'll be a repeat customer!
4	Very nice selection of good quality dishes. As always, "healthy" can easily be undone by cheeses, mayo, and other yummy additions so be careful if your idea of "healthy" is low cal or low fat. The sammiches were fantastic, the dill potato salad - yummy!, and the tots were pretty good. The market itself has a nice selection of items that you don't usually find often in regular grocery stores (five+ types of quinoa! ;)). I'll definitely be back, whether for a specialty grocery item or for a great meal.
5	I have driven many miles to this lovely little oasis - their coffee is the best in the city. They have many gluten free dining options and their staff is delightful.  I with there was a Luci's in every major Phoenix neighborhood.  Their food and coffee is without parallel.
3	A friend has recommended this place. I had breakfast, buckwheat pancakes with blueberry and turkey chorizo. The pancakes tasted like whatever meat was cooked on the gridle prior to my pancakes. I had to drown the taste with syrup. Then, the turkey chorizo was ground white turkey meat, which was good, but it was seasoned with what tasted like taco seasoning. I could have saved $18 and cooked my own breakfast at home.
4	The staff is always friendly here!I love the big selection of teas they offer and my coffee always comes out exactly how I want it.My only complaint is the wait. It shouldn't take more than 5 minutes to make a latte when there is no one ahead of me.A good spot to study or visit with someone.
4	I live nearby and had always meant to check it out. Now that I finally got in there I will definitely be a repeat. The staff is fantastic, the food excellent. Yes it is a little "pricey" but you definitely "get what you pay for" .I actually ordered again before I left so I was able to bring home some additional. The containers and bag were unique. All around a very positive experience. Will definitely do it again soon. Sooo many good restaraunts in Phx Phoenix, az arizona
5	Awesome local products and produce. My new favorite grocery store!
5	Amazing food! Some of the best french toast I have ever had! The staff is great particularly the owners. I would definitely recommend Luci's!
5	I eat here all the time. The place is great. Burrito bomb is Awesome! The owner and staff are great and really get to know you. Great local spot in north PHX!
4	I don't get over to this little place very often but really dig it.  The food is great, the coffee is yummy, and the grocery is fun to peruse.  The best part is the roll-up doors.  It's a great place to while away an hour or so and get some fresh air.  I am so glad to see that there are more choices in the world than SB.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for brunch. I built my own veggie omelette with spinach, peppers, tomatoes and mushrooms. I have to say, the presentation of the meal was terrific. The omelette came with red and purple potatoes in a mini-skillet. Unfortunately, the taste wasn't up to par. Perhaps they forgot to season the omelette? I'm not sure.. but it was just.. bland. I REALLY wanted to like them, so I will probably come back and try something else. I like the idea of a healthy market & cafe combo, but they need to work on incorporating some spices.
5	Luci's is a comfort food stop with a huge dose of healthy. Yesterday I had a turkey wrap; it had a healthy serving of romaine with the substantial turkey and bacon. The dressing was awesome in this wrap too - I'm guessing it was a homemade Green Goddess. Service is always friendly. (Amazingly, the server responded immediately when they served it as a sandwich. No blame game but let us redo as a wrap for you!)I've also tried the burgers & fries here. The dish makes me want to redo/ copy the 5 Guys DAMN YouTube. DAMN.A detour to this corner requires planning and patience to park, and perhaps walk a bit. However, those two steps lead to a nice reward.
5	5 STARS!!! I was able to find vegan options AND they accommodated to my request of having veggies stir fried in avocado oil!!! Love love love!!!!! And, everyone was super nice :-)
5	Yes! Health food, drinks, and entrees to order. Sonoran White chocolate ale and Yuma soft medjool dates makes a fantastic dessert. Gluten-free waffle with with on the side and extra strawberries makes a delicious breakfast.I liked it so much that I purchased the T-shirt! The manager was nice enough to mail me an accurate size as I ordered a size too small!
5	Luci's is one of my favorite places in all of Phoenix. As a Realtor, it's usually difficult to plan where I'm going to eat lunch on any given day, but if I'm within a 5 mile radius of Luci's, I always go to Luci's. Their lunch menu is well made and healthier than almost anything else you're going to find a fast-food-type place and their coffee is delicious. I've never had a bad meal there and the staff is always friendly and prompt.If you haven't been to Luci's before, add it to your to-do list this week.Also, they have free wi-fi!
5	Had a coffee drink there... honestly I can't remember exactly what it was, but I want to say it was a caramel frappuccino kind of drink. In any case it was really awesome and everyone there was nice. While waiting on said drink I browsed the store which had a lot of really nifty looking things I haven't seen in any other stores. I will certainly be returning again for more coffee goodness and possibly to purchase something else.
3	Oh Luci's... what am I going to do with you?On one hand, I love you. You've got very nice staff, good service and a great atmosphere. (I especially like the art-deco bathrooms) but your coffee is just meh. Maybe your other products are great but the iced coffee always tastes bland. I see you every time I come out of work and I know Starbucks is across the street, I just would really like some less bitter, more coffee-tasting coffee.I REALLY want to like you because I'd rather give my money to you instead of Starbucks (nothing against Starbucks, I just want to help the littler guy as much as possible.) I haven't had anything else on the menu really, I just stop in for coffee, maybe it's fantastic, who knows?
3	I want to like Luci's more, but it is so expensive!
5	The coffee is great, the store is fun and unique, but that's not the most important part. Everything on the menu comes in a gluten free option! From all of my gluten free friends I have learned that getting French toast or a waffle is not generally an option. Here at Luci's you can get everything gluten free. Even the bagels and wraps. I absolutely recommend a drop in if you're ever in the area. The produce used in their food is super fresh and high quality too. My breakfast burrito this morning has types of potatoes I didn't even know existed in it.
5	My hubby brought me here after he stumbled upon the spot and fell in love with their krabby pants omelet. For me it was love at first bite. I love the cool hippie style vibe of the place. It's mix between whole foods, trader joes, and Starbucks. I had the gluten free funky monkey French toast with a side of sausage and eggs...all sooooo yummy omg ! Hubby had the turkey burger with a side of dill potato salad and a fruit smoothie which was beyond delicious. The burger was super moist and delicious. It was topped with artichoke and roasted red pepper which gave it so much flavor. He wasn't a fan of the potato salad. Great healthy good in a cute cozy spot. My only gripe is the price. Spent $40+ on brunch yikes.
5	What is there not to love?? Amazing, pure, healthy food at reasonable prices and no need to worry about a server. The counter service is pretty amazing in itself.
4	Definitely a fan! Live in the neighborhood and appreciate the atmosphere, the food and the coffee. Great meeting spot for friends or casual business meetings. The staff are always friendly and upbeat.
5	After visiting there this morning. I was very impressed. The staff was so friendly,  the food was beyond fantastic,  & the prices & selection are awesome. The atmosphere I think is very relaxing. I can't wait to go there for brunch on the weekend to see how the place fills up.
5	First time going to this wonderful little market place and eatery. Had breakfast before work and it was quite pleasing.  I got a egg & sausage sandwich on english muffin.  Tasted like something from the my own kitchen.  Just wonderful. Service was great too. I believe the manager was sitting next to us eating her own breakfast and was talking to us about the place.  Very nice, and I promise you we will be back!  Thank you!
5	What a wonderful cool little place!I had a roast beef and horseradish sandwich with the best potato salad I have ever tasted!!! I lived most of my life in Austin Tx  and the south prides themselves on their potato salad! Luci's if by far the best!Our real estate agent took us there and I'm still thanking her for a wonderful lunch! I currently Live in Albuquerque and just ate close to the same sandwich here at Flying star it was repulsive. Luci's is wonderful and you wont be disappointed!
4	Yum! Stopped here for dinner after a long road trip (read: salty and sweet snacks all day long). I was overwhelmed with healthy, tasty-sounding choices. A server greeted us and explained their options and specialties, and how they serve amazing sounding breakfast all day long. I'm definitely coming back for that salmon and crab omelette, but today I settled on the spring beet salad. It was fresh and delicious--exactly what I was looking for. Their market is cute as well, though it's tough to justify the price tag on a lot of their items.  Their dessert case looked amazing and there were a bunch of coffee choices! For such a small place you have a ton of options.
4	This place has great coffee and a cool retro feel!  The groceries are definitely over-priced but there is a convenience factor in the cost, I'm sure.  The breakfast bar is great for omelettes, etc.
5	Great food and service. Everyone is always nice. Brandon the barista who works in the mornings during the week really makes the place. He is always super nice and and remembers a lot of the regulars names.
1	Welllll, I had BIG expectations from this place! First off, any place with HEALTHY in their name is pretty much screaming at me to stop in. I had added Luci's Healthy Marketplace to my Instagram a while back, not sure how. Probably stumbled upon a picture of something that looked extremely tasty, followed by the name "healthy" and I'm there!!! So my first impression...I was handed my take out bag with clear, finger marks of grease on the outside, (which I will be posting a picture of!) Having taken a few nutrition classes, the term "vegetarian" "vegan" etc does NOT necessarily make it healthy! I understand organic and fresh local produce and can definitely appreciate that in my meal choice! I tasted just that in the vegetables although I was disappointed with what I ordered :/ I ordered the Veg Out Sammie. Usually, I see a long list of veggies and I'm all about it. Well that's basically what I ended up with. Raw veggies between 2 pieces of multigrain bread with a little bit of vegan mayo. No seasoning, spices, no sauce= NO FLAVOR! OK, I take that back...the roasted prepped was very flavorful! Haha, no skill for that! Just not impressed. When I'm paying about $10 for a sandwich i would expect something special about it. I have no limitation to my diet...not diabetic, no food allergies, not vegetarian. Therefore, I feel like I may as well have ordered something full of cheese and sauce and fat so there was flavor because I'm left completely dissatisfied! I enjoyed my dessert, a very, moist, salted dark chocolate caramel cookie (which came from an outsource!) So, what's for lunch?!
4	LOVED the atmosphere and the open air setting.  Food was delicious, we will definitely be going back and even pick up dinner on the way home from work!
4	Such a big fan the family and I ate her 3 mornings while on our Spring Break.  The kids loved the kid pancakes, fresh fruit and yummy potatoes.  Lots of variety to choose from for adults too.  From omelets to bagel sandwiches, this place hit the spot.  Great baristas and specialties to choose from iced coffee, hot coffee and lattes.  We will be back on our next trip!
4	Wonderfully delicious food and great environment. I highly recommend the portobello shroom burger. Staff has always been friendly and helpful every time I've visited. The marketplace within the location is also cute for gifts and such. Definitely one of a kind from what I've experienced in the area. The only downside for me personally is the cost. However, in their defense, fresh ingredients and a unique place come with that price. As a side note, not everything there is healthy, but they have no shortage of healthy options!!! Great for vegans, vegetarians, and otherwise. Something for everyone!
1	I didn't think the food was great. The staff wasn't awesome either they kind of had the vibe like "hey I'm better than you" and my friend asked for a side of salsa and never even came back. It's SOOOOOOOO overpriced for this shit.
5	How can you not love this place??!! 'Goodness for Goodness sake!' and it really feels like that sometimes. When you are out and about needing some lunch and the thought of other fast food places just curls your stomach.. This place, for me, is like a oasis in the desert. I can pretty much just point to anything on the menu and know that I will recognize everything on my plate. Good quality products and the little store is full of recognizable health food brands at reasonable prices. I recognized many things that are lower than Whole Foods! Definitely right on par with Sprouts, but more of a small-town local feel. I love the staff!!! Never hesitating to stop and give encouraging comments or advice on products. All of them super friendly! I can't go often because I live in Gilbert but my grandma lives nearby so I just can't wait everytime I come see her. I can see that there is probably lots of people who want lots of stuff for free and to them I say.. Go ahead and get your 10 boxes of pop tarts for $10.. I'll take Luci's and real food any day. Keep up the good work and if you ever open a second location please consider Gilbert!!Note about the parking: it was crowded both times and both times I did have to circle round back and then back up front but always parked with maybe 2 minutes. I have only ever been for lunch but have loved every minute, every bite, every coffee sip and every bit of small talk with the staff.
3	This place is right next to my house. I used to go a lot more often but i have realized they are the most expensive coffee in the area for the least tasty coffee. The baristas this don't make great coffee but they are really nice! It's a great place to sit and get some work done. They offer food which is reasonably priced. However, it is inconsistent - sometimes delicious but sometimes really bad. I like the "dirty doctor" melt and have learned not to experiment (don't get the lavash pizza!!!). They also have very hip groceries (for the organic soccer mom). Honestly i like the place but i usually go to the starbucks across the street now because the coffee is both better and less expensive. I hope they read this and dramatically improve their coffee!!! I will happily come back!!! Until then there are too many good options nearby (lola, lux, copperstar, shine, and even- gasp- sbucks).
5	How have I not been here before? Such a fun place to hang out and grab a drink and GF pastry with your friends. Great lunch salads. And GF double chocolate muffin ! Try it, you won't regret it! They also have a little store in the back to look around while your food is being prepared.
5	I eat here almost daily. Every menu item that I have eaten so fat has been AMAZING. I like the variety. The service is excellent. Everyone is VERY friendly. Thanks for making it a place I frequently visit.
4	Cute place had a late breakfast here. Wait staff friendly and food was delicious. You have to Order at counter but line moved quickly. Great little store and cute shopping center which can be hard to find parking at. Prices seem reasonable and the pastry case is inviting. Took a little treat home which was wonderful and devoured it in private. Seating can be challenging but I wouldn't hesitate to go again.
4	Really enjoy Luci's.  Had the Spaniard Omelette which was good. The chicken chorizo, which you don't see very often, was really nice.  Could have had just a little more spice/bite to it but was good nonetheless.  My friend Burrito Bomb which is her usually and which she lives.  Coffee refills are free which is really nice.  Great vibe and ambience. Perfect place for a Sunday morning.
4	Really cute cafe/shop. Food was really good. And I loved all the cute stuff between the store and the tables. It also had grocery and other healthy items in the shop area. We want to go back and try some more food.
4	I love the idea of Luci's and I've had some great experiences here. The staff is always friendly and the lattes are great. I haven't tried the food yet but that's definitely next on my list. Unfortunately they are pretty overpriced and their iced coffee is just not my cup of tea. This morning I paid almost $8 for a small iced coffee (which I wasn't a fan of) and a decent but a little dry muffin. I would give them 3.5 stars if that was an option.
4	Stopped in for a quick drink, ended up getting a Cafe Caramel and a slice of Classic Cheesecake. They go up to a 32oz for their iced drinks which is great. Will be back soon.
4	Been here before. Just ate next door and stopped by here to get a drink. Grabbed a sweet green tee and a slice of classic cheesecake. Menu is great as well as the grab and go options. Highly recommended. Breakfast here is amazing. French toast is my favorite item.
4	What keeps me coming back is the stellar service, the delicious green tea and yummy 'Hot Juan Black Bean Burger' that automatically comes with avocado (YIPPEE!). My only complaint is that with as busy as they are it's hard to find a spot to park or if you want to bring your laptop and work the tables are typically full. None the less, I always leave this place with a smile.
3	Good food, good atmosphere, nice people but the wifi is lame. Otherwise, it would have been four stars. Please fix the wifi.
5	This place is one of my favorite spots in town. They have excellent real healthy food, grass-fed beef GF items and you can tailor your meal the way you want without them rolling their eyes and flipping you off in their pocket.  They also have a great space full of unique gifts, healthy food to go and the ambiance is the urban vibe with people from all walks of life.  Their bacon is also AMAZING. If you're in a hurry they have salads pre made daily with a HUGE selection of every kind of beverage. I've even met friends here and bought a 6 pack of Angry Orchard from their market to drink on premise. Way less expensive than a bar and the atmosphere can't be beat.
3	Needs improvement.  But still the best joint in the area.  Pros: lotsCon: took 20 min to get an overpriced acai bowl.  Then it was soupy with still big chunks frozen, 6 slices of banana and 6 whole blueberries.  Wow.  Over the top for a $10 dish.  A couple tablespoons of granola in a silly flat bottom wood bowl served with some silly big wood cooking spoon.   It was by far the worst acai bowl I've ever had in every way.  For an overpriced market and cafe I'd expect higher quality.  It's a step above Starbucks but that's not saying much.  Still I like the place just probably won't be a regular
4	Love their coffee and food! Very friendly staff.  I just wish they had more seating:-(
5	Love this place! I tend to try to pick up breakfast here on my way to work once a week. Love the egg Sammie! Keeps me full but not uncomfortable full all day! I'd love to go into Lucy's when I'm not in a rush to work. Every time I am in there I find some new product that intrigues me.
5	Love this! Heathy options and a great place to grab a quick lunch with a friend or to get some work done! The food is delicious. Especially the bacon. Whatever you do- order something with bacon on it! It's so good.
5	Great local place that offers coffee, tea, sandwiches, bagels, fresh local ingredients and that small business coffee shop vibe. They also have a marketplace offering health food, organics, wine, local items and kitschy items. Come in a few times and they'll remember your name and drink. The baristas are friendly and FAST. In the rush hours it can be jammed full but you can still grab your coffee, breakfast sandwich, and a fresh salad for lunch in under ten minutes. A fun place to hang out for lunch or breakfast. They are pricier than Circle K (obviously) but less than Starbucks with a much more pleasant environment. The parking is minimal directly in front of the shop so it can be a tight squeeze during heavy business hours.
5	Great local place.  All the food is good big thanks for the Gluten free options and stevia for my coffee.    perfect location for fast meeting or morning cup.
5	I went to Luci's for the first time in 2011 and found the staff to very friendly and helpful.  I only visited the eatery and not the store but I was impressed with the service and knowledge they had about the products they offered.
3	This place opens super early, which I definitely appreciate and service is way beyond friendly (in a good way :D).  I had the breakfast burrito with bacon and avocado & a vanilla latte that set me back $5.25(!).  I'm not really a coffee snob -- mostly a Dunkin' Donuts coffee kinda gal -- and this was nice & smooth, but certainly not $5.25 nice.  Now I looove breakfast burritos, and this one had an awesome variety of local potatoes in it + sweet potatoes that made this a nice little burrito.  There was no avocado on my burrito though, but it was easy enough to let someone know, and they gave me a few slices.The ambiance is super cute, and I like all of the organic/natural/pretending to be organic & natural under the guise of excellent packaging drinks, groceries, and knickknacks that are lying around.  I wanted to try many of the desserts in the counter, but will give them a shot if I ever come back.  Food is a solid 3, but ambiance and friendly service compel me to give this place 4 stars, but ultimately needs improvement for price point.
5	Great coffee, great meeting spot.  I generally go for the coffee, but everything is great.  I'm not usually a fan of iced tea but they gave me one sample and now I'm hooked. They also have black--haven't tried that; what i'm talking about is a mixture of pomegranate and a bunch of other stuff--it's orange in color; don't remember what all is in it but I get it if I'm not getting coffee.  Service is great; if a new employee messes up, the managers will bend over backwards to make sure you leave more than happy--with nobody making a fuss.
4	Love this place to get one of a kind gifts, great lattes, a solid omelette, take a cooking class or just to stop by after I've done some shopping at Poor Little Rich Girl.  It's like a coffee shop and home-goods boutique rolled into one.  One point of contention is how cramped the place is.  Every nook and corner is filled with something and waiting in line for your drink you feel in the way with people delivering food, getting drinks, or just browsing around.
5	I love this place. The food is always good, you can get breakfast anytime. The breakfast burrito is one of my favs. I can't say enough about the owners, managers and staff - they are AWESOME!! Can't wait for their new place to open. Take my word for it - come check this place out!!
4	I work across the street so I find myself in here for breakfast a lot. They do breakfast all day and its phenomenal.
3	I was so bummed today about my breakfast. I normally love Lucy's! Always raving about it and bringing new people here. My husband and I both ordered the special: Eggs Benedict. I understand they are busy, fine and we waited. 20 minutes later with finally got one of the plates. It was cold, egg yokes were broken, and the eggs whites were super runny... Slimy! Then they brought the second plate out and the yokes were hard. If we weren't in such a crunch for time I would have asked about what was going on because this was out of the norm for them. We will be back but I wanted to let them know.
5	This is the best sandwich place in the valley by far. It has so many options to choose from, and is very veg. friendly. The market has many items that are hard to find in a regular grocery store. Also, try them lemonade. It is to die for!
5	There is so much I could say about this place, and there would still be so much left to say. I really love it. Great service, great atmosphere, and a great selection of food and groceries. They have a huge menu and serve breakfast all day long, and a decent drink list. I get the Chai tea latte, and its delicious. They also have fresh pastries to go along with your meal or drink. It's local places like this that gives a community its own flavor. It's certainly a spot that I have come to love hanging out and getting a bit to eat or picking up a treat before heading home. Give it a try.
5	I wish there was more parking. It's a pretty busy corner but once you get inside you have the option of all day breakfast, sandwiches, salads a coffee bar and surprisingly a grocery store. I ordered the huevos rancheros and it was AMAZING! I felt like the side of lintels should have been served hot but they were still delicious. $15 for the rancheros and a small chai. The chai was delicious. They don't have dome lids so if you ask for whipped cream you won't be getting a full drink. Over all I would definitely recommend this place. It's different, healthy and delicious.
3	I appreciate what Luci's is going with their store. It's cool, the food is good, and their little store selection is intriguing. Sure it's crowded but who can blame a place for being popular? Not this Yelper.That said, my verdict has always been out on Luci's. Not that it really matters because the place has like 300 reviews so its rating isn't going anywhere, but every visit I've had is just somewhat imperfect. Nothing big to scream about -- but small mistakes here and there. For example, yesterday we ordered our breakfasts plus 1 small and 1 medium coffee. The cashier rings it up then says, "We're currently out of small cups so they'll both be in mediums." So when our name is called and we grab the coffees, there are two medium cups but one is just partially full. Like, seriously, what is that? You're really going to skimp on the few ounces of DRIP COFFEE? Who does that? How do you even know you gave us the volume of a small and didn't short us? I get that she said they'd both be in medium cups but, man, talk about seeming cheap!So that's the kind of stuff that just eats away at me, visit after visit. I want to love Luci's the way so many others do but they JUST won't let me. It's hard when it's always SOMETHING and, I don't know, I think maybe I'll just have to accept that Luci's just isn't for me.
5	If I could give 10 stars, I would!This place not only has a great grocery store with a huge selection of gluten free products, but they have an awesome atmosphere cafe with seating throughout the store!!!!! I love this place and the owner is just an incredible guy that goes out of his way to be helpful and turn you into a customer ------- hmm, what do they call that --- oh yeah, CUSTOMER SERVICE - a lost art!!!!! Love this place and they have me as a customer for life!!
5	Great place, I pass by here every Wednesday going to Hobe Meats and I finally decided to stop in here. Customer service is beyond a 5 star rating, I was just shopping for christmas presents and they acted like I've been going there for years. I didn't have time to seat and eat but I did grab a cupcake and scone on my way out. My dad enjoyed his cupcake, he's not big on sugar so it was perfect and the scone was delicious, not over powering in sugar so it was a nice treat:)
4	Decided to stop in here during a workday for lunch since it's right down the street from my office. The weather was nice out so they had the wall of doors open by the seating area inside. The menu had a variety of items to fit anyone's cravings. I decided to go with the soup of the day (tomato w/cilantro) and a side house salad with homemade pesto, blue cheese dressing. Both were fantastic! Cute little spot for grabbing coffee, breakfast or lunch. I will be back for sure!
5	Another visit to Luci's for lunch - delicious, delicious black bean burger with kale slaw.  Really good.  Nice atmosphere, great green tea, nice staff, fun products.  Always nice to have a really comfy place to get good, fairly healthy, food.
5	Best coffee in town! This little jewel has been in our neighborhood for a while now and has become a local hangout. Great service! The team makes a point of knowing your name which is genuinely nice when your greeted coming through the door. The menu is eclectic and not short on flavor. But the coffee...it's great. If you don't know the story behind Luci's take minute and read about it...it'll bless your soul.
3	The past two times I've been here I've been served cold, soggy tater tots.  Today my Zeus turkey burger was extremely salty, which did not make it very tasty (and I usually like very salty food, but this was obviously over-seasoned ).  I like that they offer a decent selection of food for decent prices, but when Sonic out-performs you on food quality (note: different from ingredient quality), something is going wrong in the kitchen.Stats for pleasant counter service and carrying Urban Cookies baked goods.
5	I love luci's :)The staff is always upbeat and helpful!!!The food is super fresh!!!And I love the atmosphere!One of my top coffee shops in Phoenix!!
5	I love Luci's!!! Get their Hot Juan Black Bean Burger. It's the best I've ever had. Also try their sweet tots to at least once in place of their tator tots. So good YUM!
