5	Roger and his team did an absolutely incredible job on my car.  I was also very impressed by their level of customer service and professionalism.  Their estimate was far below two other estimates I received.  They exceeded my expectations on every level.  I highly recommend Altra Collision Center!!
5	Roger is one of the good ones. He's fixed my car twice so far. The first time was body work. This time it was both body work and mechanical. He told me the car would be done by Friday, he would try to get it done by Thursday. I called him Wednesday and he said they finished it because they knew I had been paying for a rental car. Roger is fair, kind and helpful. The first time I went to Roger, I didn't want to rent a car so he drove me 20 minutes back to my apartment. If you need any work done, this guy will do it right and expediently.
5	I  used them. Seemed honest, reliable, and reasonable.  Would use again.
5	After my debacle with a certain glass company, this company stepped up to the plate and ordered me a used window. They also fixed a few other issues I was having, including an exhaust leak and a window that was worn out and would no longer roll up and down. They are really great and also fixed another issue we had with a second vehicle (free!). Roger is awesome.
5	After getting rear ended I called the shop my insurance company recommended for repairs. The reception I got was pretty poor - no sense of urgency, and they didn't sound like they really wanted my business. I got more phone numbers from my insurance company and ended up calling Altra since they were fairly close by. Roger was very positive on the phone and seemed very interested in my business. I took the car in the next day. He had already arranged for a rental car from Enterprise - they picked me up. Over the course of the next 10 days I got regular updates from Kelly and Roger. They handled all of the interaction with the insurance company, advised of any changes in the required repairs, and kept me apprised of their anticipated completion date, The car was completed on time and looked and drove great. Altra is not a big box repair center where you never see or speak with the same person twice. Its  a smaller privately owned shop, run like a business that wants to grow and build a clientele. They do all of the things to make the experience as positive as possible for the customer. I'd use them again in a heartbeat and would recommend them highly.
