4	This location of Sally Beauty Supply has been open in the Stonecrest Shopping Center for  a while now (maybe about a year), but as a loyal Ulta shopper, I had never bothered to check it out.  However, last weekend, I was making a quick Target run and on a whim, decided to stop into Sally.It was Sunday just a few mintues before 6pm.  I didn't realize it when I walked in the door, but the store would be closing in just minutes. However, the ladies working behind the counter were very gracious and did not rush me as I looked around.  I ended up purchasing a knock-off version of a higher-end salon brand of shampoo & conditioner. The next day when I tried it,  I was pleasantly suprised with the quality.The store is pretty small, but they have a fairly decent selection of hair products, cosmetics, and styling tools.  I still prefer Ulta's vast selection, but I'll be going back to Sally Beauty Supply to check out their product offerings.
3	Stopped by this Sally's location looking for some hair care products. What I like about this store is that its in a great location right next to the Target at Stonecrest Shopping Center. I was greeted when I walked in the door, and told if I needed anything to let her know. The store was pretty empty so I was able to browse through everything and I found  tons of nail polishes, hair products including a much larger natural hair selection than I expected. With so many choices, I had tons of questions, so I asked the sales associate a couple of questions about the products and she was very helpful in making my decision.When I finally made of my mind and got everything I needed and more I checked out  in no time and was on my merry way. Good visit!
2	I seldom buy anything from Sally's when there are other options in Charlotte, but I do like a certain hair color that is sold here. I have been to several different locations and I am never impressed with the customer service. I don't think that I have ever had someone who is knowledgable about the products that are sold and it just seems that they don't care about customer service. Lackluster best describes experiences, but I am just purchasing hair products, so I guess it is not all that important in the scheme of things.
5	I am a professional hairstylist and Sally's is my source for assortes Sundries that I need to make other people look beautiful.  For me, Sally's has the best price on hair pins, bobby pins, etc. as well as salon cleaning supplies and disinfectants. You won't find known salon brands here.  I think that Charlotte has several great Sally stores in the area.  I often tell my customers to check out Sally's for choices on styling brushes and combs.  Sally's also carries uOrly, one of my favorite brands of nail poish!  Be sure and try their base coat and no chip top coat for a long lasting manicure!
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how much stuff is crammed into this tiny store! So much variety and brands to chose from. The prices were really decent and the staff member Ashley is so nice and helpful. She offered lots of suggestions for my hair troubles and answered all my questions. I also picked up a "beauty club" card for $5 which gives an instant $5 coupon plus 10% off all stuff. Sorry ULTA I found my new beauty store!
3	It is rare that I would go to a Sally's - I am a pretty low maintenance gal and between the Target and the Ulta in the same shopping center, I can get what I need elsewhere, but I was told by the girl that cuts my hair that I should look into a higher quality hair color (she doesn't like my white-trash reverse ombre color, apparently), I thought I would stop at Sally's.Located to the left of Target, near Brownlee Jewelers, it was a clean and well organized store.  All of the employees were friendly.  After looking at their hair color options and getting a little overwhelmed, I decided to just get a comb and some barrettes and head out.  The young woman that checked me out was very pleasant.  If I needed products that the other places I mentioned didn't have, I would definitely head to Sally's and check out their stock, but I think this is geared more towards professionals or at least people who have a more than 3 minute beauty routine in the morning.
