4	Great video store...huge selection of indy and foreign films, as well as mainstream.  Employees give ratings on some of the movies.  Only downside, some of the people behind the counter have huge attitudes.
3	The selection is awesome... but the customer service is a deal breaker  After I brought in a movie late 5 days late and asked to pay the late fee, I got a snide, "Thanks for finally bringing it back"  Sad to say I went home and got a Netflix subscription.  Will only use again in case of a video emergency!
5	I love this place. Its the best spot in town to find Foreign flicks as wel as independent films.  The workers are pretty funny as well.
4	I totally pissed this girl off with my comment about Netflix, but didn't mean to do so. I shouldn't have said anything, but I was trying to defend my buddy - one of the sweetest guys I've ever met. Her displeasure with my friend, who continually returns his movies late, was my first and only not-friendly experience in Charlotte. I completely understand that calling each customer to beg them to return DVDs must be a royal pain in the a**. However, if you own one of these indie rental locations and are sensitive to the fact that Netflix is ruining business like yours nationwide, try not to cop an attitude. Even if you want to jump across the counter and punch your customer.With all that said, this girl seemed cool - and truly committed to the store. I am not positive she's the owner, but she acted like it. Which is a testament to how awesome this store is. Because if she isn't the owner, their employees take an immense amount of ownership in the success of the business. Customer service issues aside, Visart has one of the most extensive and unique selections I have ever come across. I don't want to see places like this die, so if I lived here I would have to drop Netflix and try real hard to bring my DVDs back on time. I mean, damn, both weird documentaries we asked for were currently available: The Devil and Daniel JohnstonandYou're Gonna Miss MeI'm not sure that would happen on Netflix, and even then I'd get the movies two or three days later. So, in that case, I have to agree with Visart girl. Instant gratification might be worth the resulting public humiliation you have to experience at the counter when you're identified as a "repeat offender".
4	I must say that as a movie super geek, I was pretty impressed by this place.  Once I entered the maze-like interior of this store I saw a sort of mecca for my people.  I was most impressed by their foreign movie section.  First off is that fact that it had enough selection to further subcatagorize the movies by country, and that each country had a variety of titles and genres (aka, the Japanese section wasn't just horror, etc.).  They had old stuff, new stuff and everything in between.  I thought I might  have had this place stumped when I didn't see a movie I had been wanting to get my hands on.  So I go the the counter and ask if they have it, and she just knows off the top of her head that it was never released in this country.  After the pang of disappointment I knew I had found a kindred spirit.  This place also gets bonus points for being one of only two places I know of that have "Moonchild".  So if you're in the mood to expand your entertainment horizons check it out.
5	Anything you could ever desire in film is available in this store!  Not to mention, it is categorized so perfectly: by country, director, genre, etc.  There was a place like this in Boone called Fat Cats (which also carries vinyl--love it!), but this store carries many more titles in VHS and DVD.  I found that the staff was very friendly, and movie buffs themselves as well.  I just wish that someone like that guy from Clerks worked there, just to spice it up and add a little comedy.  However, there are thousands of indie flicks (and mainstream too) and the membership is free.  I think I will pick up the City of God television series next time I am there, because the movie was so damn good!
3	I had to give up on Visart because they are pretty strict with the late fees, and I'm terrible at returning things on time. In the day of Netflix, it's hard to remember to return anything, and late fees are pretty offensive now.However, Visart does have every film you could ever want to see, and their library-like organization system is gorgeously logical. It's a great place to go browse if you don't know what you want...like if you're just kind of in the mood to see something Italian, but you aren't sure what you want. I'd reactivate my membership if they'd let go of the late fees. I hope that Netflix doesn't kill Visart.
3	Visart is one of the few independent video stores I know of in Charlotte. It's got an awesome selection of mainstream and offbeat films that you might not be able to find elsewhere. The store is broken up into interesting sections with some film-makers receiving their own rows. I've dealt with some rude employees there too, but I've had the same experience at most every other indie video store I've ever been to.
4	This place has pretty much everything.  They carry a lot more movies than Blockbuster and their prices seem to be better than blockbuster as well, which in my book renders Blockbuster obsolete, although truth be told I wrote them off long before I discovered this place.The greatest asset that Visart has is its staff.  I don't know where these people find the time, but they have been able to answer every question that I have ever had regarding a movie.  They are very knowledgeable in addition to being very friendly and engaging.While I myself use Netflix, there are times when you have an urge to watch a movie and you are unwilling to wait for 2-3 days.  Visart definitely fills that role for me.
5	Best independent rental video store in town!  Especially if you like indie, cult, horror or just plain weird films, it has twice the number of movies and many more categories than your average video store, so it's perfect for roaming around to find something you haven't seen and will probably love.  The staff is helpful in recommending things you've never even heard of.  At first glance it's a grubby labyrinth, but a lot of gems reside on these shelves.  They even still carry VHS for many items that have never gone to DVD.They charge late fees just like any other store that isn't a multinational conglomerate with a massive online presence and bottomless pockets for advertising.  So just return them before they're due and you're golden.
5	To join the chorus:Insane selection (except for the sci fi - that could use some beefing up, if anyone's listening), hot ladies,  well-plastered and informative bulletin board, great hours, rack of cheap used dvds and vhs's begging to be made into gag gifts, largest Criterion collection this side of, um, anywhere, candy, MST3K on in the background more often than not, offers to reserve a new flick that's checked out for no additional fee, what's not to love?Nothing, that's what.  Get yer toukas over here and rent something.
5	Not Blockbuster! This place is awesome if you are looking for a unique or hard to find film experience. Twiggy, who worked there when I would go, is awesome and knows everything from Japanese horror to Classic Vampire films. If you are looking for foreign films, classic films, films only available on VHS. You will find them here and the staff is very cool.In Los Angeles, there are many such stores to help you, but in Charlotte, this is the one! So you need to take a look! Gem!
4	Any footage I've needed to find and just called them ...  they have it ... also, I like the suicide-girls who work there. Great place and they know there movies. Thanks V.
5	I am the sucker who still goes to the independent video store when Netflix is obviously the cheaper option (I also go to the independent pharmacy that closes by 5 and isn't open on Sundays)I know I am a fool- but I love the place. I love that I can bring my dogs in. I love that they always give them little treats even though my dogs hate treats. I love that there are stickers on the DVD's stating which employee loves the video. I love that they quietly judge me when I pick up a stupid romantic comedy. I love that I have had 45 minute conversations about LOST. I love that they late fees are ridiculously high and that I cannot help but to go there.
5	They have really EVERYTHING.  If you can think of a movie, they will have it.  They have the new trendy stuff; they have every TV show ever put on video.  They have foreign, artsy, horror, documentary, children's, classic, Blu-Ray.  Its amazing.  Its more fun to browse here than the mall.You can describe your mood and a few movies you like, and they will make a recommendation that never misses.  it may seem strange, but you carry it home, and the next day you are recommending it to everybody on your email list.The cost is not bad.  Late fees are really less than Redbox, and Netflix you have the limitations and waiting.  Plus Netflix won't talk to you; its a machine.The staff is committed.  They are protective of the movies, especially the rare ones.  Its like borrowing a puppy.  You seem to appreciate them and take care of them, they are warm and friendly.  You act like you don't give a rip, and they may display some attitude.   Either way, if you want help and you can wait until they're freed up, you get the best store help ever.My 74 year old mother loves VisArt.  The staff are like from another planet from hers, but she loves them.My kids watch movies from here.  Its better than crap on TV.  I asked one what place or thing in Charlotte they'd want to show their cousins visiting from Atlanta.  Answer:  They gotta see VisArt.
4	It's likely a sad fact that my unborn children will one day ask, "Daddy, what is a video store?"  If there's anything I can do about it, I'll hopefully still be able to drive them down to Visart and show them the wonder that is "the neighborhood movie store."Visart is one of those wonderfully quirky independently-owned niche businesses that have become a rarity in the modern-day franchise/chain store world of retail.  Despite an onslaught of $1 kiosks and the advent of internet media streaming, I'm happy to say that the store has recently been acquired by a new owner who is also local and committed to keeping the business going.  But it needs support.  Here are the reasons why Visart is worth an actual drive and stop in:1.  This is the local hub to find out about arts happenings in the community.  Local bands, small theater productions, neighborhood festivals- they all advertise on the community board posted up front.  Take some time and read about what's going on around you!2.  Flipping thru movie titles on a computer screen still pales in comparison to scanning movie box titles across a tightly-packed shelf.  Visart is packed to the gills with movies from just about any genre you can imagine.  There's something about discovering that flick that will be "the one" for the night that you otherwise would never have seen coming.  This is hard to do when a computer program effectively censors what movies it shows you based on your past browsing history.  Down with the artificial intelligence !3.  Not everything is digital.  If there are some movies you can't stream online, it's likely Visart has them.  Foreign flicks, exploitation films and others I can't even name have a section here.  If you are a film student or movie buff, this is your Shangri la.  Maybe this is the start of me becoming an old-fogie?  If so, I'll play the part- when I was a kid, we went to the real movie store and found our flicks the honest way- scanning the shelves and reading the actual jacket cover- and we liked it.
4	I'm so glad that the atty came thru and saved this place, as it really is, in todays world, a one-of-a-kind place that would not be replaced, and I love the selection of rare and out of print, only on VHS titles.That said, I have always agreed w/the common thread that permeates all the 1-2 star reviews; the people who work in the store are, at best aloof, at worst rude/shitty acting. Case in point: I renewed my membership a few months ago after letting it lapse for a while, to contribute some $ the cause. The girl at the counter barely broke her conversation w/a girlfriend to say 2 words to me--no thank for coming back, idle chit-chat, nothing. And that's the norm at VisArt-absolutely no attempt at any sort of customer service beyond "hey, we got great movies, we don't have to be nice!" (wasn't that the gist of an old SNL sketch w/Lily Tomlin about AT&T?) Its all that stops me from a 5 star review, and its the same "cooler than thou" hipster/elitest vibe that made me quit going to Boris & Natasha's and feel like I was unwanted and trying to shoplift something. In fact the employee attitudes at both places are almost identicalI won't take the extreme stand of passing up all these great titles because of crappy attitudes but it seems that some folks do, and as this arena of video gets more competitive, I think that Mickey Alberman ought to address this w/his folks. In this market u need every single person you can get to be a happy customer. You don't have to be overly gushy and super/duper perky and unctious like at a Southpark store, but you do have to have people at least acknowledge you and thank you for renting something. If it pains some of the folks there to have to raise their head from shoegazing and say a cpl of words, then go to Boris's & ask if they're hiring...
5	This place is the bomb squad...seriously. Local, funky, and well-stocked. Exactly how I like my video store. This place looks, feels, and even smells like that old movie store you remember from back home. This ain't your mama's overblown chain. The selections are there, from new releases to documentaries to foreign films. They also have good-sized collections for kiddies and gay/lesbian cinema. Beware...there is an "erotique" section (as there should be...lol) that I have seen many an unattended child wander in to only to be discovered by their shocked parents. Always makes me laugh but probably because I have no rugrats of my own and am therefore still amused by that kind of thing. Friendly knowledgable staff...they will even hold movies for you for a couple days if you call and reserve them. You also get a 30 day grace period on your late charges, but they will charge your card automatically if they don't see your face in the store during that time. Otherwise, it goes like this, "You want to put some money toward your late charges today? No? Cool." That's what I'm talking about. Oh and for all you noobs, it's pronounced "Vizart" not "Veyesart". I was corrected by an indignant local on that one. :)
4	I love this place for their selection of past & present independent films. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. You can also buy movies for very cheap if you're into buying them.
5	"I'm looking for the Dude"!  "Just dropped in" to rent: The Big Lebowski for research to finish my Petit Philippe review and see the movie that inspired the Chocolate!Huge Store!  Fantastic Categories: Giant Foreign Section, Takashi Miike section within the Japanese section for example!  This is a partial list of some of the classifications they separate video sections: Film Noir, Suspense, Blaxploitation, Martial Arts, Super Hero, British Comedy, British Drama, War, James Bond, Swashbucklers, Stand-Up, Silent Films, Indie, Horror, Sci-Fi - Then there is Foreign and some of the Foreign sections include: Italian, French, Spanish, Russian, Hungarian, Slavic, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Swedish, Dutch, Polish, Greek, Danish, Norwegian - Here are some of the Directors who get their own sections:  Woody Allen, Quentin Tarantino, Spike Lee, Coen Brothers, Cronenberg, Andy Warhol and Jim Jarmusch (Limits of Control and Broken Flowers)!  Friendly and Knowledgeable staff always willing to make a suggestion.  They have "Staff Pick" stickers indicating which staff member liked which movie. One of the few places left that you can walk in and get ideas of what movies you may want to see!  Used movies for sale too!
4	Best Video Store in town. I drive an extra ten minutes to rent here but always worth. Only complaint is the price is a bit much. Staff is Awesome and know a thing or two about movies. They have some really hard to find movies. Beats Redbox,Blockbuster and Netflix. Of course the best part is it is Local!!
3	They have a bounty of selection. But they love their late fees...even for their best customers.
5	Entering Visart Video is like what I would imagine walking into Netflix would look like. The selection is ridiculous, varied and endless. Visart put's Blockbuster to shame.
5	Visart is the poop. Awesome selection & the staff kicks it, arse that is That being said, support them. They're local through and through, and i'm down with ANY place that let's me bring my masculine, ferocious, killer dog inside. I know we're in the age of "everyone's okay no matter what" but if you don't like this place, you suck. If you think the staff is handing out good customer service only to those who are "cool" you're trippin. It's a video store....with movie lovers working there..and something ALWAYS playing on the t.v.s..don't take it personal. The place is the shiz you can watch everything from Buster Keaton to blacksploitation to british drama to movies from, i'm pretty sure, every country in the world. There's something for everyone. So, even if you think the staff doesn't like you, dry your tears and rent a movie. Tell them you think that and move on with your movie.
1	They used to be so cool. Took money out of my account for late fees. Never notified me, never called NOTHING. This used to be a great place now  after years of supporting them i have had enough of argumentative cashiers acting mean.
1	UPDATE! Received an email from the owner which was a little intimidating stated that I should remove my post. Kinda think they should improve customer service then send an email.
5	Staff is always knowledgable and helpful; their suggestions definitely help with branching out from movie-viewing ruts! If you like movies (or maybe just want to get lost in their labyrinth classics and discover how many movies you've never seen, or even heard of) support this local business and be a regular. Do it.
5	I freakin' love this business! It's so hard to describe why I love it though. Just check them out. You won't regret it.
3	I like their selection and wish I were closer so I could utulize them more.
3	Awesome selection but staff are very rude
5	I used to work here.  I miss it and the people.  Owned by Twiggy, she puts everything into this place.  The selection is insane and they still carry VHS!!!  Sure, you can go online and watch your crap but the whole purpose of this place is the local feel.  The non-corporate working man little video store that we all love and enjoy.  Staff has changed over the years.  Sure, there have been a few rudes ones. Overall this place is passionate about films and preserving the idea that people can still walk into a video store and just talk about movies.  I miss that.....Look for "PICK" stickers to help guide you in your selection.
4	Video stores are a dying breed, which is a darn shame.  Even worse, it's getting harder and harder to find places to rent more unconventional indie films and older films that are rare on DVD or never even made it past VHS.  Luckily, Visart is there to save the day.This place has an amazing selection.  They have everything separated into sections, which is both good and bad.  You can easily find your more traditional comedy or drama, but sometimes it takes a little searching to find movies from your favorite directors (because most likely they have their own section so you can find all their awesome movies together).  They also have a lot of foreign, indie, and classic films, as well as TV shows, anime, and even a lot of VHS.The staff has been friendly and helpful each time we've been in.  You can see recommendations from staff on some of their "best" movies, especially if you're feeling adventurous with your selection.  Also, you have the option of searching for a movie you want online, and it will tell if they have it and which section.  Hurray for that!Is it a little more expensive than Redbox?  Well, sort of.  If you're renting for one day, then I suppose so.  However, most of their rentals are for multiple days, and you will find so many movies here that aren't found in a Redbox.The only caveat is that you have to have a credit card to rent.  If you don't bring it back after 14 days and you don't call them, they'll bill your credit card directly.  It can't be a debit card, it must be an actual credit card.Luckily for me, they are close by my house.  I have a feeling I'll be frequenting this local business.
4	Just discovered this gem! I really missed the video store experience and this place has made it possible again. They have every TV show you can think of, while still carrying all the new releases! I am in love! It's one of those places that I am obsessed with but almost don't want to share "the secret" (so I can keep it for myself).I live in the neighborhood but it is worth a drive. I hope this awesome shop doesn't go anywhere for a long time!
5	If I'm not heading out on the town Friday or Saturday night, you'll most likely find me at Visart.  It's a very nostalgic place, reminding me of of my childhood.  Browsing the different genres, checking the ratings... I'm allowed to get the R rated movies this time!It might be a buck or two more than redbox, but being able to browse the selection and rent pretty much any movie you can think of is simply awesome!  This is the only movie store I know of as well as the coolest movie store I've ever experienced.
5	this store is a mainstay in this town.  they offer videos that you are just not going to find at red box or netflix.  i do not tend to like many of the block busters so red box is almost completely out for me and netflix has some but not 1/2 of what you will find here.  so if you are looking for the interesting and the obscure as well as the most popular videos this place has it all!
5	You want variety, and a friendly atmosphere(dog friendly too) Visart is the place. I find myself quite often getting lost is their maze of movies looking for the next gem. Looking for one, leaving with three. You should really check this place out.
5	Something's should never change. I find myself disagreeing with that statement for most things, but as far as Visart is concerned, I hope it never does. The Red Boxes and the Netflixes are passable  mistresses, but they lack the selection, and depth; they don't have the red labyrinth of licorice-shelving that---if you are lucky---has inexplicably changed since your last visit. They don't have the wall of toys or the obscure flavors of popcorn. All they have is a transaction, but that's the problem, love isn't a transaction, it's a fucking experience :)
5	Occasionally you can hear people in our town talking about how we need to support the arts. If that's your cause, this should be one of the first places to support.Here's why:* Any budding filmaker in Charlotte needs to see the Criterion Collection movies from Visart. You can't get the included commentary anywhere else without buying the movies.*  TV series are a bargain. You can subscribe to Showtime if you want to see Dexter or you can just rent the seasons from Visart whenever you feel like it. * There is a place for mindless popular movies. Just as there is a place for women reading trashy romance novels. But there is a huge difference between popular movies and film. Visart has popular movies but can also can teach you about film.  * It's an experience to go into an independent movie rental store. Visart is no exception.The only downside is that if you live far away if can be tough to get the movies back sometimes. But whenever that happens I look at it as a donation to one of my favorite local businesses in Charlotte.
2	Horrible customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons the people working the counter can't give you a honest review. However they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!!
