3	Walking into this place for the first time, you are forced to stop and make sure you didn't just accidentally walk into a nursing home cafeteria. Little old ladies unite! Apparently this is where they all go for their mid-day meal. And it's a complete scene, picture grandma and her card-playing cronies hunched over at the counter slowly raising that shimmering spoonful of jello from the plate to her mouth. You got the Tic Toc Restaurant.You may think that I'm saying it's a bad place. It certainly is not. You know, it's a Pittsburgh institution, been there for a million years, etc, etc. It's fairly typical diner fare with no real big surprises on the menu. Line cooks faithfully shovel it out while old people shovel it in day after day.The wait staff is pleasant and the manager who mans the cash register is nice enough as well. They get you in and out quickly, and sometimes that's all you need.
3	I enjoy coming to Tic Toc whenever the mood for diner food strikes in the middle of the day.  The service staff is always pleasant, although sometimes I feel bad asking for refills since some of the wait staff could use a walker along with most of the clientele (sometimes).The place has charm.  It is a come in, eat, and get out type of place.  Those looking for a 5-Star Macy's caliber dining experience will have to check their expectations at the door.  Prices are CHEAP.  And the food is good.  It's not bad ... it's not excellent ... it's just good.  So I think value wise it is a pretty darn good deal.Always been a fan of their Club Sandwich, although once in a while I splurge and just get a Belgian waffle with ice cream on top for my lunch.
1	If I'm to believe the stories my family tells me, my great grandmother (on mom's side) was an old Irish battle ax who'd tell those that got in her way, "kiss my ass under Kaufman's clock at noon!" Apparently she never ate at the Tic Toc cafe because if she had she'd know the real insult would have been to recommend dining there.I get there's some nostalgia to the place, but it doesn't make up for the service or the food. This was the second time the wife and I stopped in for lunch, the first time was not so great but we figured we'd give them a second try. After attempting to order half the the menu, and being repeatedly told they were 'out of that', we settled on a chicken sandwich and omelette. After waiting about 20 minutes, the server came back and told my wife they couldn't make her sandwich. She ordered two more things before they told 'oh yeah, we have that.'After another 15 minutes plates came out and were put down at our table.  My wife went to take a bite and it was the wrong sandwich. I looked at my omelette and it was the wrong omelette! The dishes went back, we waited another 5 minutes, and just about when we went to get up the food we actually ordered arrived (well, they gave me ham instead of bacon but at that point I didn't care). On top of all that, the servers were unattentive (both this time and the last) and seemed preoccupied with who knows what.As for the food itself? The wife's Ruben was super greasy and my eggs tasted like they came from a carton.In Tic Toc's defense, they did cover the check, but we will not be going back. This is the first 1 star review I've given and I feel bad doing it, but I feel like it is well deserved.The manager did say they were 'working things out' and have had some issues lately, but with so many other great downtown options, I recommend passing on Tic Toc.
4	Yes there's an older clientele at the Tic Toc, but I've seen plenty of younger people too.  They seemed to have worked out most of the kinks that another reviewer mentioned when visiting last summer, and on a recent visit, our food was good (I noticed some upgrades in ingredients from a previous visit) and served promptly. Every once in a while, the food will take a long time to come out, so it can be inconsistent.  But on the plus side,it's comforting to have a little, old-fashioned Pittsburgh tradition still left in downtown.  On the right day, you can get a great piece of cake too for dessert from Macys bakery, on-site.  We recently had a huge piece of confetti cake which was fresh and delicious.  So don't eat here if you're looking for trendy, but if you're fine with simple, better than diner kind of food (and you're not in a big rush), you'll leave pretty happy.
2	I've had a turkey club & fries here before and really enjoyed it. Today I ordered the open face turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes. It wasn't really all that yummuy. For starters, it isn't even that big. One piece of bread & only one piece of turkey on top. I would've been a little more satisfied if there were two pieces of bread rather than one but whatever. The potatoes were good though. You can tell they're homemade with chunks of potato inside- just like my mom used to make. I finished the meal in under 5 minutes b/c of how small it was and waited awhile for my check. My server wasn't mean, but she did seem kind of weird to me since I first sat in the "take out" section. She kind of snapped at me and said to move down because the section was closed and pointed to the teeny tiny sign stated this. She was extremely friendly with other patrons but was really short with me.. blehh i dont know. I only come here like once every 6 months when i'm over the normal downtown lunch fare.  I'll stick with the turkey club or their burgers. Two stars are for the other servers who seemed really friendly to their customers decent prices for lunch
1	On the Saturday after Thanksgiving, my daughter-in-law, 2 grandsons and I  went to the Tic Toc for lunch, putting in our order at 11:30 a.m.   The service was absolutely horrible.  Forty minutes after ordering, I asked the waitress to check on our order.  She said she had checked but all she got was "attitude" from the chefs.   I asked to speak to the manager.The manager said that the "ticket thing" wasn't working and she was trying to fix things.About 15 minutes later, I spoke to the manager again and she said she was still trying to take care of the problems.  Meanwhile patrons sitting near use were getting their food and they had ordered after we did.Still later and with no food, I  approached the manager a 3rd time, and again was told she was trying to straighten things out.   I told her that apparently she was doing a terrible job as a manager since she could not even take care of our seriously delayed order.   She replied "You have just made my day."    She took our order again  and said that the meal would be "on us".On my  4th conversation with her, when she again took our order,  I finally got an apology.   But no food.About an hour and a quarter after placing our order, we got one of the 4 lunches.Waited another several minutes for the other 3, and then one of the sandwich breads was incorrect.My family and I have had experience with the Tic Toc over many years.    In fact, it has become a tradition to go there for lunch on Thanksgiving weekend.We will never go there again after the nightmare experience yesterday.
4	I was born and raised in Pittsburgh in the now hipster-infused Lawrenceville. Every Saturday, we'd take a trolley, and then years later a bus, downtown to shop all day, including at the three big department stores that were open then, Randall's, Saks, etc. Stopping in at the Tic-Toc Shop was always such a treat, even if the food wasn't glamorous and, back then, people could smoke anywhere. I remember when they finally separated the sections... anyway, this isn't a place to come to get your a$$ kissed by the wait staff, but they are incredibly nice if you're not a jerk. I knew some of the women there my entire life, and they didn't suffer fools... they don't fall over themselves to make friends with you, but they did always chat with us if they weren't swamped. I've liked the younger staff too, but I'm chatty myself. I dunno. I'm shocked by the complaints here in that regard.  Anyway, It's essentially a diner in a department store, and when we were kids it was filled with an amazing variety of workers at lunch time. We loved it! We go back a few times a year to enjoy it and the city I love. Although it's not gourmet, I think it's as solid as any diner food. I remember the Mile High Ice Cream Pie... Yummah!! And I've always liked their breakfast and grilled cheese. The Ruben is greasy... I've always liked the cheeseburger.  Yes, I'm nostalgic, but I'm not claiming it was the best food ever. I'm saying if you've spent a whole day shopping, want a solid meal, and can really enjoy the history of a place, the Tic-Toc Shop is awesome. It's no frills because it was a working persons place to drop in for a meal. I really love this place.  It WAS better when we were younger, but I think it probably has changed hands since I was a kid.
