4	Well, its your typical Taco Bell! I do love the beefy cheesy burrito things and the crunchy tacos! The service here was so-so and the location is like a hidden gem next to KFC.All in all this place is just like any other Taco Bell. Good luck and I hope you dont get the runs!
3	Look, what do you want me to say?  It's freaking Taco Bell.  Their 88% beef tacos and burritos and mexi-melts and Mexican pizzas are all delightfully consumable.  Just don't go expecting a Chipotle experience.
3	The food was typical Taco Bell, not great, but filling enough and hot.  It appears that they have raised their prices, and their drive through was slow as all get out, but the service was friendly.
4	OK, no joke- the Doritos Locos Taco Supreme is amazing!  I thought it would be gross, but after trying it- pure genius!This Taco Bell is my go-to if i need my T-Bell fix.  I've never been inside, only through the drive-thru.  The people are always nice and fast.  Order is always correct.I hope they keep the Doritos Locos Taco forever, and I'm not kidding!  If you haven't tried it- go now.  A Dorito as your taco shell?  Nice!Everything always tastes good, as good can be from Taco Bell...haha!
3	Taco Bell is Taco Bell-- What can one say about it? The service is kind of slow here. I have been in faster drive thrus. Ha!
4	Fast food joint.. come on. Its good. the cashier who happened to be the Manager was very Happy
3	I ordered the Doritos Loco Taco but got Nachos instead, oh well, it tasted great. Bathroom smelled TERRIBLE though. I gagged the whole time and held my breath til my face turned blue. It wasn't a urine smell, it was some strange heavy chemical, and no ordinary chemical. Strange...
3	Average staff at best. Love the Mexican Pizza there
4	It's Taco Bell.  The crew here is fast and friendly, though....so that definitely would be the differentiation for anyone viewing this review.
2	At this Taco Bell it takes two people to mop the floor. One to mop and the other to watch; she must be training. In general, I avoid this one because the kids that work here spend more time socializing with each other than paying attention to the job they are getting paid for.
1	Taco Bell has two ingredients ...   Grease salt.  Everything taste as the same and if I don't throw up...   I ind up spitting dust for days from all  the salt!I understand why kids like it because they generally like credo and have to learn yo discern crap from non-crap. Another chain full of food not fit fior human consumption.    BLECH!
1	Horrible service. They don't even wear gloves at this location. I would not recommend
1	Worst experience ever!I went through the drive through... Ordered 3 soft tacos, a burrito supreme, & Mexican Pizza... I didn't get 2 of my tacos.I called several times, nobody answered! I will never go to this crap hole again!
1	puke
