4	Located in the Safeway shopping center on the northeast corner of Scottsdale & Pinnacle Peak, this Jade Palace may seem far for some of you, but for some of us living in North Phoenix / Scottsdale, it's the best Chinese around!Jade Palace is a regular in my rotation of consistent dine-in and take-out restaurants and has been for years.  The atmosphere is welcoming and the service is attentive.  The hostesses are always sweet and if you place a take-out order, they make sure that they read your order back to you to avoid any confusion.My favorite dishes are the healthy choice steamed shrimp (or chicken) and veggies, mu shu chicken, and dry sauteed string bean.  Their soups are all really good as well.  The saying 'never order fish in a Chinese Restaurant' does not hold true at Jade Palace - go for it... it's delicious!Devlan, the Manager & Co-owner, can often be found at this location and he is extremely personable and makes sure that all of his customers have a pleasant experience... Whether I'm coming from the gym in workout clothes or I'm dressed from work, dining solo or with a group, I always feel welcome at Jade Palace.  For the food and the service, this is a fantastic restaurant.  If you like Chinese food, check out Jade Palace - I'll see you there!
5	I just had food from Jade Palace and it was very, very good.  I had takeout and it was fresh and delicious and still hot when I got home.  I will definitely be returning.  Also, the staff was very courteous and friendly.
5	Best chinese food I have tried in Scottsdale.  My parent go here all the time.  The owners are very friendly and stop by our table at least twice a visit.  They always hook us up with a pretty unique deserts.Their Chilean Sea bass is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  Do yourself a favor and try it.  The cocktails are also really good.  The bartender pours a strong drink and always has a story to tell.  He seems to be there everytime we go.  TRY THIS PLACE OUT.
5	Jade Palace in North Scottsdale is our favorite Chinese food in town. We eat there weekly and love the Chilean Sea Bass; the Shrimp Stuffed  Eggplant and the Yang Chow Fried Rice. Our boys, 21 and 12 ask to go to "Devlan's" all of the time as the friendly owner makes us all feel family. His Chinese New Year meal is spectacular and requires reservations. This food is fast, fresh and they pour a great drink! Laurie and Rodney and the Boys
4	Really good, clean tasting (even the fried dishes) Chinese.  The clientele can definitely trend toward snow birds occasionally, but it is definitely worth putting up with the surrounding conversations centering on what is going on in Boca, especially the exceptionally tender beef in the flavorful but not too greasy chow fun, which pairs particularly well with the Szechuan (sp?) garlic chicken and if you are looking for a sweet mildly spicy hit either the General Tso's chicken or the orange beef pairs well also: unfortunately, I have had a really hard time finding spicy chinese food in AZ, even when requesting extra spicy/adding chile oil as a condiment.  Their duck sauce tastes really fresh made, and their hot mustard is really well balanced, definitely give it a try even if it is not usually your favorite.One nice feature that they have is their packaged meal deals, the Deluxe version is an absolute steal: for around $23 a person, you get your selection of soup (which I always get the sizzling rice soup, with good sized shrimp, big tender chunks of chicken in a nice rich clear broth with still slightly crispy veg and of course the crispy rice), 2 spare ribs, 1 egg roll, 1 beef on a stick, and one choice of a premium entree (lots of good choices, ranging from chunks of filet migion called steak kew to various other beef, shrimp and chicken dishes), and the nice part is the entire dinner scales up for however many people you have: I am a big guy, and this is more food than even I go for in a single sitting...
4	This is a great place for lunch and dinner. The food is great, the price is good and the service is friendly and quick.
3	We went to lunch here one Sunday, It was a bit pricey for Chinese for lunch but it had an exceptional menu-It was dinner prices because of the weekend which ranged from about $16-30 a plate, they do seem to have lunch specials during the weekdays. On the other hand the food was really delicious, it was a nice, sit down restaurant, with a great selection of food and good customer service. I was happy that they served Brown rice, which many places do not offer. The only thing that could make this place even better then it already is, is if it offered weekend lunch specials. We will go back again for sure.
5	Last evening we celebrated our dearest friend's 40th Birthday at Jade Palace. We asked for a special menu (designed by Devlin) which would include off the menu specialty foods and wine. It was SPECTACULAR. We started with soft shell crab and exquisite fish rolls made w/sole and stuffed w/ham and aspargus. Next we continued on to lobster in ginger scallion sauce (DIVINE) and 5 spice crispy chicken. We then had black pepper scallops and a melt in the mouth filet dish. Each course was complimented by a lovely wine choice. Dessert (her favorite part) was a beautiful chocolate sundae since our friend loves chocolate. All in all, it was a beautiful evening with fresh, beautifully prepared foods.
5	Time for an update. On a seemingly quiet Monday evening, we were in the mood for good chinese food. On the way to Jade Palace last evening, I said to my hubby and son," I am SO in the mood for shellfish. I hope they have it on the menu tonight." To our delight and surprise, there was a softshell crab appetizer (delicious cooked with jalapenos) and a full lobster prepared in ginger and scallion sauce. Hubby and I split the divine lobster and it was reasonably priced- $36 for 1 3/4 pounds. Our son ordered the Yang Chow Fried rice (a family favorite) and everyone was happy. Manager Hugh (cousin of the owner) always makes everyone welcome and happy.
4	Excellent food and reasonably priced. Atmosphere can be a tad lacking depending upon where you sit in the place. Ask for the east side near the Gu Zheng (Chinese Harp) player. You'll feel as if you're in Beijing
5	Consistently the best Chinese food in the North Valley period. Tasty food, classy atmosphere and live music on weekends. Highly Recommended
4	Jade Palace is a great little gem tucked away in a strip mall near Pinnacle Peak Rd. and Scottsdale Rd.I recently binged on a bunch of delicious dishes here as a pre-diet feast.  The place was packed with sliver-haired snow birds.  There was some cougar action at the bar which I always love to watch, but now that i think of it, it was more of a Hugh Hefner and his 24 year old bride-to-be action.  I was actually the only cougar there. :)I digress.  3 Delicacies is great.  Tender flank steak with tender scallops and tender shrimp.  Crab puffs were awesome and light and flaky but creamy and lovely in the middle.  Fried rice is excellent and they don't skimp on meat if you choose to order it with chicken.  And the chicken was tender.  Generous portions. Again, everything is lovely, yummy, fresh, tender, and most importantly, NOT TOO GREASY, which we all know is the signature of Chinese food. And my Absolut Press was poured in generous manner. :)If you are looking for crappy food don't go here.  If you are looking to meet men, go here but expect them to all be over 65. If you are looking to meet younger men and have crappy food, go to Sapporo.
5	LOVE the Jade!!!As a girl from back East, moving out here was a culinary blowjob.  Pizza, Chinese, Italian, ethnic food - all was sorely lacking in bounty and taste.Then, we found Jade Palace.The owner is from Brooklyn, and truly gets East Coast chinese.I have NEVER had a bad meal or experience here - whether for dine-in or take-out, and my family eats here at least once a week.Best things on the menu:  Egg rolls (real chubby kind from back East - not the spring roll most pass off as an egg roll), BBQ ribs (so meaty and zero fat), Skewered beef (well seasoned and tender).  All of the fried rices are excellent (pork is my favorite).  For entree you can't go wrong with the half duck (the sauce that comes with it is to die for), shrimp or lobster cantonese, mongolian beef, general tso's chicken, and the chow funs are yummy.Best part, they give you the wide chinese fried noodles I could make a meal on in itself.Bar none, THE best Chinese in the Valley.
5	One of the best high-end Chinese restaurants in the valley.
1	Where to start... Have you ever eaten at Panda Express???  Well, if you have you will have enjoyed a better meal for sure.  After reading the mixed reviews I was a little leery about what to expect at Jade Palace.  I have to say that we were seated right away and the service was excellent throughout the meal.  As for the food, wow what a disappointment.  We ordered the wonton soup to start and it tasted like water with very little flavor.  Next we had some appetizers... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings.  The beef skewers had a very fishy flavor to them as if they were mixed with something fishy in the kitchen prior to being plated for us. The pan fried dumplings were not bad, but in the second one I bit into a rock hard piece of something that was the size of a small marble.  Maybe it was a bone or something, but I can't be sure.  Next the main courses.. we ordered the general Tso's Chicken which is kind of a staple at most chinese restaurants and all varying somewhat.  It was all breading and very little chicken to be found. What we did see was a mix of some white meat and majority dark meat. Overall not a tasty plate at all. We also ordered the Szechuan Shredded Pork and this was just plain simple. Thin strips of pork mixed with veggies which were not bad, but the pork was in some type of brown sauce with zero flavor.  So to sum it up, I will not being going to Jade Palace ever again.  There were just too many things that did not go right to even consider trying it again.  In all honesty, the best part of the meal was the noodles and duck sauce.  Yes that did remind me of my days back in NY and that was great.  However, in no way does this place resemble in any way shape or form NY style chinese food other than in the menu items offered.  If jade Palace were to open in NY it would close in a week.  I have eaten in hundreds of Chinese restaurants in NY from high end places like Chin Chin all the way to delivery places like China Fun and this place does not hold a candle.  Too bad as we love living here in Scottsdale, but the food quality leaves a ton to be desired as of yet.  We will continue our search and keep fellow Yelpers apprised of our findings, good or bad.  By the way, I have no bone to pick with Jade Palace, just being truthful.  When I find something good I will post about that as well with the same type of enthusiasm.
5	Love this place!  We have never had a bad meal here.  I have enjoyed the lunch specials here, come here with my husband on Date Night, brought the entire family for dinner, and we also order take-out frequently.  Needless to say, we are big fans!My husband loves the Hot and Sour Soup here ~ he can finish a large order by himself.  My kids always get the wonton soup and I am partial to the egg drop soup. Yum.  They always serve (or include a package for carryout) the crispy wonton strips and they are very generous with them.My favorite meal here is the shrimp with lobster sauce.  The order always comes with so many, plump flavorful shrimp and the sauce is lip-smacking good.  Pair it with an order of Yang Chow fried rice. Seriously delicious.We also order the Mongolian beef, Teriyaki Chicken, and General Tso's.  It is a restaurant that my family always looks forward to going to.  The people there are so nice and friendlly and we never feel rushed.  We have been there when every table has been filled, and still the service is wonderful.We have enjoyed the lovely music from the harpist many times while dining.  Wonderful place.
2	I had received a $10 discount coupon in the mail which I didn't have with me but it made me curious because I LOVE Chinese food and it's very close to home.  The weather was nice and their patio looked inviting.I ordered a $11 glass of wine and disappointed that it was barely 1/3 of the glass full.I love Wor Wonton soup, so I ordered the smallest size, again disappointed; the chicken was in such large pieces, it should have been served with a knife; the wonton was the frozen kind that has hardly any meat and mostly wrap; the soup taste was decent as was the one shrimp.The boneless duck tasted good, but I had asked the waiter if it was "crispy" as it's my rule when it comes to duck.  It was not crispy, except for the thick skin, which I don't like, so I had to carefully remove the fat around the meat.  The dish listed vegetables which were so few, at first I thought they would come separately.I will give it another try, but I'll stick to the noodles or fried rice.
4	It's always the first place I eat at when returning to Scottsdale.
5	Never had a bad meal here, this is our favorite Chinese food in the valley so far. Went last Friday and tried the steamed Chilean Sea Bass with scallion and ginger based off another Yelper review. We were not disappointed it was so perfectly prepared and delicious! We also had a combination special with shrimp, scallops and beef that was very good as well along with the minced vegetables as a side. All great. We had the potstickers for an appetizer and while the flavor was very good, they ere the kind with very think dough that i do not care for as much as the thinner ones. Live music and good wine helped round out our dining experience. If you are in the North Valley you can't go wrong with the Jade palace for Chinese food.
3	FUCK this place pissed me off!  I want to say this about that first. I have been going to Jade Palace for years. Usually the location on Shea and 101. It is always great. The location on N. Scottsdale Rd is always great too. I am angry because there has been a change.....a CHANGE for the worst.  I hope this gets the OWNERS attention because you are much better than the garbage I got served Sunday Night. The Wor Wonton Soup was terrible. The wontons had a spec of pork inside and was mostly wrap. There were very little vegetables but the killer here was the broth, ah the broth by which ALL wonton soup is judged. It tasted like water with a mild wine flavor. White wine my exaggerated and noble palete detected. It was bad. The Twice cooked pork again had very little vegetables and the pork was white were the fat is. This is not a good sign. It means the pork was not hot enough for the fat to render again back into the dish making it a spectacular dish. The Grand Mariner Shrimp was good in flavor as usual however the shrimp were way too overcooked and relatively dry. The Egg Foo Yung was returned because it was terrible. The Salt and Pepper prawns were tasty, very good actually! You know something, the more I write the better the rating gets. We did have one exceptional dish! The Striped Sea Bass in Black Bean sauce was one of the best dishes I ever had from NYC to AZ. Bravo on that, it is KILLER!! They even serve it with fried Sea Bass Skin. The Beef Chow Fun was excellent as always. The orange chicken for the kids was DEE-SCUS-TING. The panda ear has more flavor and more identifiable meat.  This place is usually jammed wall to wall with New Yorkers who know they're Chinese. Tonight though, weird vibe. I felt like I was in Utah surrounded by Blue Hairs and Silver Foxes. It was almost Twilight Zonish. I will be back because for years I have enjoyed this place and I will update the next time too. Moved up 1 satr to 4 based on experience. Had this been my first time I would have given 1 Star .
4	Trying to find East coast style Chinese food here in the Phoenix area can be tricky.  The closest I've come is Jade Palace my two favorite locations are Scottsdale road and Pinnacle Peak road and the one on Shea and 92nd street.  Jade has all the traditional Cantonese dishes that I grew up on in NYC, the service is excellent and the food consistent.  So when I'm in the mood for Chinese I head to Jade Palace
4	The food is always good here.  We love the general Tsao's chicken.  At lunch you get the best deals:  for about 10$ you will get a soup, a spring roll, a crab bite and a main course of your choice.
5	We were planning on going to Jalepeno Inferno last Friday, but when we arrived it was a madhouse. A man walking out advised me not go there so I convinced my guy to try Jade Palace instead. They were quite busy as well but were able to seat us immediately. We started with hot and sour soup and the bowl for two is huge. It was really tasty, as were the crispy wontons that they bring out with every meal at no charge. For dinner I had the vegetarian egg foo young and J had szechuan chicken. Both dishes were delicious. They were also very generous and we had a great meal to take home with us. The service was top notch with our drinks being refreshed as soon as they got low without us having to ask. They are very attentive even when they are slammed and to me, that is the mark of a great restaurant. The prices were pretty good, the food was amazing and the service superior. Writing this is making me want to go there for lunch today!
5	Tonight I went to Jade Palace.  We have several restaurants in the area that are mediocre and somehow continue to stay busy, so I wasn't sure about Jade Palace.  Besides the food tasting delicious, the service was really good.  My ice tea was constantly refilled, and dirty plates removed promptly. It's always a nice surprise when you get both good service and good food.  Definitely, try the egg rolls!
1	Overpriced wanna-be. Probably works for the North Scottsdale crowd (it's all show), but pretty mediocre food.
5	OK guys and gals - this is it, number one in the valleyNothing compares, we have eaten the menu from top to bottom - its all 100% quality food.But thats not the best part - in fact its all about the customer service.. OK so we are not snowbirds so we have a small advantage but show me another resturant (chinese or any other) where the staff greet you and then remember what your favorite drink is.. OK to be fair its Dave the waiter who has the mastermind memory bank but everyone is so polite - in fact they make you feel like part of the family..Go on - try it - you will not be let down
4	Living in Arizona doesn't offer that many Chinese food options that taste good. I love Jade Palace! The food is always fresh and hot and tasty and the service has always been friendly and efficient (I've even been offered a free beer on a number of occasions because of frequent visits!) The fried rice is light and not too greasy and the sizzling beef dishes are creative and keep me coming back for more. Soups are excellent as are the ribs, eggrolls and other classics! Cute girls behind the front desk round off a very pleasant, belt loosening experience.
4	Really good Chinese food in Arizona is very hard to find.  Being from NYC, I've heard native Arizonans and mid-westerners say how good certain Chinese food restaurants are and go to it only to find that it's mediocre at best, with food being absolutely tasteless.  Not so for Jade Palace.  The food is absolutely wonderful!  I've tried many dishes and have not been disappointed once.  The house egg foo young is second to none and it's always difficult to not order it and try something else.  My wife is a vegetarian and loves anything with tofu here.  I have a niece from the east coast who insists that the chicken and broccoli is first rate.  Nothing is oily or tasteless, as has been the case with other Chinese restaurants that I've tried in the Phoenix metropolitan valley, nor is anything overly salty or over-cooked.  The wait staff is professional, knowledgeable and friendly, and the maitre d (or owner, not sure which) comes around to make sure everything is exactly as you'd like it to be, making you feel like a regular.  Very nice touch.  Prices vary from moderate to slightly expensive, but it's all worth it.  We love the outdoor patio year round (heat lamps in the winter, misters in the summer) and very much enjoy the landscaped pond as well as the colorful, festive view of the outdoor patio of Jalapeno Inferno across the way.
4	Very good place was there 1time,I will recommended to every one
5	I just had to update my review because I finally made it to Jade Palace for dinner.   Lunch was always great but dinner was even better.  The dishes came out piping hot to the table and I have to say I was sure surprised at the portion sizes.  One definitely gets what one pays for here!  We ordered lemon chicken, an orange sauced shrimp dish (can't remember the name and their website is under construction so I couldn't check), a beef stir fry with veggies, panfried dumplings and Yang Chow fried rice (not 100% sure of the name).  Everything was so, so good.  The lemon chicken was so crispy and perfectly cooked and the shrimp dish was absolutely delicious and a very ample portion.  The dumplings were crispy and flavorful and the fried rice dish was something that I couldn't wait to delve into because it looked so good and different from most I've had at other restaurants.  They didn't stir fry it in soy sauce but instead left it alone and simply combined it with plenty of shrimp and veggies so it was still white and not oily at all.   There were two of us so we ordered too much food but the leftovers fed us again no problem.  We wanted variety - what can I say?!We're returning again this weekend with a party of six and I can't wait to introduce our friends to this restaurant as they were complaining that they just couldn't find a decent Chinese food restaurant.  I can't wait to get back!
4	Just moved to AZ from Colorado and was looking for a place with good fried rice on the north side of Scottsdale. After several people suggesting this place, I tried it out. The fried rice was very good, in fact, better than my usual in Denver! Good hot and sour soup too. Other food was good as well. I think I have found my take out Chinese spot!
3	A little greasy for me, I like my Chinese a little leaner.  But they do have an option to get your meal steamed with the sauce on the side, so next time, that's what I'll order.  Quality and quantity was good though and the service at the bar was fast and friendly.
4	It was my birthday, and though most times I want to pick the most extravagant restaurant I can find to celebrate, this night I had a hankering for Chinese. It's been forever since I've had Chinese, and the only place I've ever liked in the North Scottsdale area has been Jade Palace on Shea. We've now moved to way, way North Scottsdale, so it was time to try out the sister restaurant at the Pinnacle of Scottsdale Plaza.  I don't know what it is about this complex, but it houses two of our other favorite restaurants . . . Toyama (for Japanese) and Parmigiano Italian Bistro. Jade Palace made it a perfect trifecta!First of all, I was surprised at how large the space is, and you would never know from the outside what a lovely patio they have. The perfect evening weather made it a no-brainer to sit outside. It faces a little water feature, walkway bridge and lots of foliage. Except for the noise from Jalapeno's across the way, I felt like I was in another world.  Tables are spaced well so you don't feel like you are on top of any other diners.When we arrived, we were welcomed by everyone, including the owner.  They have a nice little bar area, and the waiting area has plenty of room if you have to wait for a table. But we didn't have to wait since we called forty-five minutes ahead and made a reservation.  After all, it was a Saturday night. I loved, too, that they had live instrumental music which was perfectly toned and didn't interfere with conversation.Our server was polite and attentive but didn't have much personality. As I looked around, this seemed to be the case overall, except for the darling girl who also works at the Shea location who we've come to know from dining there for so many years.  No harm, no foul, in the service department.The North Scottsdale location seems to have the almost identical menu as the Shea location as I remembered. My husband had the hot and sour soup which he claimed is the best in the valley, and maybe even better than any he's had anywhere!  They serve complimentary crispy fried wontons with hot mustard and the most divine duck sauce west of New York!  We also ordered the sauteed green beans which were so delicious I might just have to stop for takeout to have with our home prepared meals.  My husband had the special Chow Fun noodles. They are delicious!  All they need is a :drop" of soy to compliment the flavors of the chicken, beef and shrimp amid the thick noodles. My favorite dish on the menu is the Home Style Bean Curd.  I have never tasted tofu and vegetables this incredible! The sauce is a little spicy but they will accommodate your preference of spicy, and I always get medium.  With the warm weather comes dining out more often so we don't have to heat up the kitchen . . . there is no doubt we'll be spending quite a few evenings somewhere in the Pinnacle at Scottsdale Plaza, Jade Palace included!!!
3	Visiting Phoenix from the Bay Area, we were in search of some good Chinese food since it had been almost 3 weeks.  I looked on yelp for suggestions and this restaurant popped up...with nothing to lose, we decided to go try it out.Walking in, it gave off the ambiance of a PF Changs, but letting that vibe slide we decided to give it a try.  The hostesses were young girls in short and tight skirts, they seem like they were dressing up to go clubbing instead of working at a Chinese restaurant. Walking to our table, I noticed that the clientele were mainly older folks dining on Chinese food accompanied by a glass of white wine.Our waiter came over to take our order and we were given a choice of having either white or brown rice, or you could have the option of having half and half.  A bowl of wonton chips along with a side of sweet and sour sauce and yellow mustard arrived as we got our drinks. Our dishes come all at once. The waiter comes and sets up a serving stand and all the dishes are set upon a large tray. I noticed that most everyone in the restaurant ate a la carte style, while we ate family style so we shared all the different dishes.  I soon found out that if you want chopsticks, you are going to have to ask for them at this restaurant.General Tso's chicken - fried pieces of chicken in this sweetened dark brown soy sauce with a bit of spicy kick. It was pretty good.Shrimp with lobster sauce - no real lobster in sight but this was a dish where the shrimp had a nice almost brothy sauce over it. Traditionally, it should have black bean in it, but we didn't find any in this version of the dish.Twice cooked pork - we were actually looking forward to this dish the most as it is fairly labor intensive, given the name the pork should have been cooked twice so it would make it very tender.  Instead, we were surprised and not in a good way to see that they used Chinese bbq pork (char siu), which is lean and harder. This type of bbq pork /char siu is often used in bbq chow mein or fried rice, but definitely not the type to used for "twice cooked pork." Although there is an argument that the bbq pork had in fact been cooked once already, so now they are using it in another dish with dark soy sauce and green onion it would satisfy the "twice cooked" portion. Booo!I think the manager was Chinese, and he definitely catered to the Caucasian crowd.Prices are higher than most Chinese restaurants, but given the PF Chang feel I can't say I'm surprised.On the weekend, sometimes they have a musician playing the 7 stringed zither (gu jung).
5	Was here multiple times and had a great experience, best American/chinese place in Phoenix. tried multiple items on menu, and never disappointed
4	Something for everyone, just find your style. Grand Mariner shrimp with broccoli is delicious & unique!
5	Looking for the best Chinese food in the valley? Do you want to experiance great customer service attention to detail?  This is the place!!!!  Hands down on a scale of 1-10 everytime I go it's an 11!!!!I've had a chance to sample most of the menu and can't find one fault.  This is a hands on owner run restaurant and it's safe to say it will be around for a long time.
5	This place has the best Chinese food in AZ.  Sure, I went on Christmas eve so it was a mad house but they managed it wonderfully.  We were seated within 10 minutes of our reservation, our waitress was relaxed and friendly, and the food came out surprisingly fast.  Because it was so busy I was worried about the diet Coke refill situation and was floored by the speed in which they came.  As far as my actual meal was concerned, here are the deets:* The hot and sour soup was just ok.  It had an interesting smokey flavor that I couldn't quite place.  Also, the soup lacked all the meaty and shrimpy goodness I like in my hot/sour soups.  It wasn't horrible though.* Their egg roll is the best in AZ hands down.  I've lived here for 15 years and have yet to find one like it.  For some reason egg rolls out west are teeny tiny compared to the ones back east.  Jade Palace nails it.  However, I still yearn for the duck sauce which very very few people who read this will understand.* Best spare ribs I've ever had.* The fried rice was interesting as well.  It was made fresh and full of great stuff, but the flavor just wasn't there.  Next time I'm going to add shrimp and pork as well as the chicken to see how that is, but I think Flo's may have them beat on the fried rice front.* We split 3 other dishes and they were all excellent.  Not overly sauced, fried, or oily, and were full of fresh veggies.I can't wait to return.
1	So this place literally ruined Christmas for us. My wife and Iare  from CA and we miss having Roast Duck. We have always heard how great this place is and have always wanted to try it out. I called a few days before Christmas to see if they were opened on Christmas/Christmas Eve, and they were! Great, so I asked if they sold Roast Duck which they did, and had asked how early I should place my order since I wasn't sure if they would run out. They had told me that they would have it and would only need to order it 25-30 min in advanced. So we call today, which I believe was the same person I had talked to the other day, and they said they don't serve Roast Duck, and that they only serve off their "Special Christmas" menu. We were absolutely furious. We will never go here, regardless whether or not the food is good.
5	My sister lives in Phoenix and loves to go to Jade Palace, both on Scottsdale Rd and Shea locations!  This place is elegantly decored yet with authentic Cantonese and regional cooking from China.  We are born and raised in NYC Chinatown and are the pickiest about true Chnese cuisine.  Well Jade Palace has it right!  Having spent five years in Hong Kong- Central, Mongkok, and Wanchai, some of the best chefs in the world reside there.  Well now with Chinese Food Scottsdale (Jade Palace), we have found their counterparts in Scottsdale, Arizona!
4	Jade Palace is one of the better chinese restaurants in a town that's shamefully devoid of such a wonderful cuisine.  I won't argue the quality of the food that's served at Jade Palace, but when it comes to american chinese, this restaurant is much more american than chinese.The lemon chicken is a perfect example of my argument.  It's pretty good, but little about it screams chinese.  It's served as two pieces of flattened fried chicken (it looks a lot like a schnitzel) cut into long strips.  Eating this dish with a pair of chop sticks is nearly impossible.  You'll at least need to use a knife to cut it down in size.  Nitpicking aside, I love the lemon sauce which mixes well with the chicken and rice.  It's delicious.
5	Service here is like no other restaurant in our area.  It's simply the best.  Food is excellent.  Seems to be authentic Chinese food to me when compared with something like P.F. Changs or other Americanized Chinese restaurants.We most recently visited on Christmas day for lunch with the family because NOBODY else was open and our major extended family gathering was set to be at supper time.  What were we to do for lunch.Jade Palace to the rescue.  Though we did not have reservations, we were seated right away.  Orders were taken promptly and we did not wait long for our food to arrive at our table.  It was a happy day.  Prior to our Christmas day visit, my husband and I have been there many times, ordered to go from there many times, and had taken my immediate family there once as well.  We will continue to dine @ Jade Palace regularly.  Thank you for always providing a fantastic dining experience.  No complaints - ever!
4	Delicious Chinese food, convenient, inexpensive and take-out is always a snap. If Tatum is working, you are guaranteed to have a great experience. She is one of the most gracious hostesses I know.The variety on the menu is outstanding. I usually order the Szechuan (spelling ?) garlic chicken with brown rice as it is my favorite dish and comes with plenty of vegetables.Best nights to go are also the busiest nights: Friday and Saturday as there is a lady that plays Chinese guitar that is delightful and adds a nice ambiance to the restaurant.
4	We went to Jade Palace on the suggestion of a local while we were on a visit to Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is nice with indoor or outdoor dining options.  The service was very good.  The thing that will keep you coming back is the food.  We were with a group of 4 and decided to order 3 entrees and a couple of appetizers and share it all family style.  We had Cashew Chicken, Beef with Snow Peas and a dish named Double Dragon which was shrimp prepared two different ways.  They were all delicious, but if I ever have the opportunity to go back, I will not be able to resist ordering the Double Dragon, mmmm...good!  Granted, I live in the Midwest and do not frequent Chinese restaurants all that often, but this is the best one I have ever been to.
5	Best Chinese food in AZ NYC style
5	Incredible food, unbelievably perfect customer service. was brought here with some good friends from work. absolutely the only option if you want not just good chinese food but an experience with employee's who remember everything you like for the next visit in. my first visit was great, my second visit sold me.
4	I tried Jade Palace at Scottsdale Road after we didn't like the one of Shea Blvd.  My husband really disliked that one and I convinced him to give this location a try.  It was rated higher on Yelp than the Shea location.  I had the shrimp with lobster sauce and chicken fried rice.  The rice was very tasty with an ample amount of chicken.   The lobster sauce had pork in it which is NY style.  Really delicious.  10 large shrimp cooked perfectly.  Hubby's Orange chicken was not over crusted (that's the usual problem with this dish) but there were no "orange" flavors.  The only thing that connected this dish to "orange"  was the garnish of one half slice of orange on the plate.  There was a dark brown sauce that tasted nothing like orange.  It was spiced up enough just as he requested, however, he would not order this dish again.  The servers were attentive and the management came by to ask how everything was. Now, I may be getting cheap in my old age, but I think $46.00 for two entrees and one small dish of fried rice is a bit much.  I like the location and the ambience of the place but I feel the prices are a bit high.  Perhaps I will try them for lunch if they have lunch specials.  My dish was really good  but I don't think hubby will be coming back any time soon.  That's 2 for 2.
5	Double dragon shrimp were fantastic. Three treasures Kung Pao sharing, scallop and beef was delicious. Could use some more spice though. Attentive service. Attractive dining room. An excellent dining experience which more than matched the $20/person pricing.  Would highly recommend.  Would give it 4.5 stars to be precise
5	Wow. This place has impressed me to the fullest. Came in late night and we were still served by happy, friendly staff and manager. Food was amazing - a little pricey but, well worth it. Will be back!
3	Good but not great. The quality is good but the flavor is bastardized for the caucasian pallet instead of authentic Chinese. Also at 16/dish price is a prohibiting factor. They also removed family style meals from the menu and now only have ala cart. Who pays $8 for two servings of egg drop soup?
2	Very disappointed!  The food was poor quality and fair at best!Don't waste your time.
5	The best Chinese in Scottsdale hands down.  I'm from Chicago and travel extensively and I've not found a Chinese place that is better!The owner Devlin is wonderful and I'm sure he'll stop by to say hi!!
3	Food not genuine but is reasonably good. White rice was old hard and crusty. I will have to find better Chinese and I will.
5	For our first visit to the north Scottsdale location we had a great time! The Royal Nest special was excellent. With perfectly cooked scallops, shrimp and vegis in a noodle bowl it was a treat. My wife's Moo shu pork was very good also.   We will definitely be back.
5	Absolutely delicious! Started with the hot and sour soup, which was hands down the best I'd ever had. Flavorful and without the sharpness that H&S soup can sometimes have. For the main course, we had the Mongolian beef, which was deeply and richly flavored, and the prawn/scallop/beef kung pao. The scallops especially were like butter. On top of it all, the service was phenomenal and the restaurant had a lovely ambiance.  Would absolutely recommend for anyone who wants amazing Cantonese cuisine in Scottsdale.
2	FYI..they say they deliver and even step you through delivery process offering menu and step by step process. After finishing order had to call with question and the girl informs me they don't deliver! Ugh...then please don't offer thru yelp. Emily informed me their website is under construction! Still think they should remove offer that they deliver at least on yelp.
5	Chinese New Year 2014 - I have a table for 2 at 7-30pm on Jan 31stStand by, for what I hope is a glowing report after tonights meal
4	We have been here with a large group and just another couple and have been pleased with our food in both circumstances. Nice atmosphere and a patio to dine on in good weather.
4	Jade Palace was amazing!  The atmosphere is elegant with a fine dining feel.  We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation on a Tuesday night, but our reservations were still held!  The sweet and sour soup was perfect and very hardy.  The 2 chicken wraps that we ordered for an appetizer were flavorful and filling.  Our entrees were:  General Tso's chicken and Orange Beef.  We ordered a side of pork and noodles.  The Orange Beef is a must have.  It is literally addictive!  Couldn't stop eating it!  The General Tso's chicken was rated spicy, but seemed a bit mild unless you bit into one of the tiny red peppers.  The Pork noodles were bland.  Nice wine selection by the glass but a bit pricey.  This was our second visit!  We will return.  Great food, efficient staff and good ambience.
1	The only thing good was the rice. I ordered chow mein noodles... NOODLES! This piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup. Called and the guy was a dick. If you know Chinese food this is not it! Waste of money. I hope they go out of business.
5	Still my go to for great chinese!
1	This place is really bad.  Not sure how you can have such bad service when its so empty but they pulled it off.The food made me sick.  I am sure there are no stray dogs or cats in the area because the pork I had tasted like something totally differentWill not be back here.  What a waste of a meal
5	Just an FYI that they have moved locations to the plaza on the North East corner of Pima and Pinnicle Peak Rd.Same staff, same menu and same amazing service.
5	This is the  best Chinese food in the valley bar none and I've had the chance to compare many and can only compare to some of my favorite Chinese spots from back east. Awesome fried rice, Kung pao, chow mein (white noodle) and float mignon. Highly recommend.
5	My FAVORITE Chinese place ever. It's fancier (and a little pricier) than your average take-out place, but wow. Outstanding food.
4	Visited with my fam for the first time last week. Food was amazing. A bit pricey for Chinese food. The place was packed on a Wed. night, but it was definitely an older crowd. I think my three kids were the only kids in the entire restaurant!
