4	I went to this location today after seeing the sign for Dori's Bakery. I met the owner/baker and she is very nice. She gave me a sample of her chicken salad and I loved it. She has baked goods and also sandwiches, soups, quiche, and chicken pot pie, which you can take home frozen but if you want to eat it there you should call ahead as they take an hour to bake. She said everything is made fresh. I had just eaten over at the Peruvian place in the same center but plan to go back for a soup and salad, maybe a pastry or cookie. Oh yeah,she has  cheesecake, too, but I don't know if is the same kind as the previous place, Arizona Cheesecake had. I would have liked to taste theirs after reading the reviews.
4	Been here twice. Great price on cookies :) I've had the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip (both really moist and chewy and thin. Very good!) and the peanut butter cookie, also very good, but crispy and I prefer mine chewy. I've also had a red velvet cupcake and dang, they are red! I'm not sure that they're actually made with cocoa- but seriously, who eats red velvet cake for the chocolate flavor? no one. They are made however with cream cheese frosting that is very tasty. I also bought a big ol heart cookie that didn't really taste like anything, but makes a nice novelty gift for Valentines day. I need to make it over there for lunch one day to try their sandwiches. Also, the cinnamon roll looked amazing (but I showed some restraint LOL)
5	Ok I wanted to update my review after ordering Real food for the first time (love their cookies, LOVE the lemon bars!, cupcakes are good)I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and a cup of the cream of potato soup. Chicken salad was mayonnaise-y and dill-y and overall delicious! It came with lettuce, tomato, pickles and cheese served on a hoagie, which was nice and tender, but a little too much bread for my taste. Next time I'll ask for regular bread. The soup was also very tasty with lots of potatoes.Now if only I'd caved and gotten a lemon bar too.... :)
5	ok I have a new favorite thing here- Pasta salad! I don't get excited about pasta salad but this was goooood pasta salad! Though I am disappointed the chicken salad sandwich wasn't dill-y like usual today :( Still one of my favorite lunch places!
5	I love this place. Fresh, delicious cupcakes, turnovers, pretzels, soups, salads, sandwiches. Very reasonable prices and a talented and friendly owner. It's located in a nice, cozy corner of a shopping strip and it's a quaint location to have a nice lunch on a sunny day. Great place. I ordered a delicious apricot turnover, two peanut butter cookies, and a red velvet cupcake for $6. By the way, the red velvet cupcakes are delicious (with edible pearls on top) and are only 99 cents!
5	Great place to have lunch. Sandwiches and salads were great. The cinnamon roll worth every calorie. JT
5	As a coffeehouse owner in Chandler, we have a standing order for Dori's amazing (huge!) Cinnamon Rolls, the best Cheese Danish and Red Velvet Cupcakes EVER! Our customer's come in JUST for these items.   We love supporting small business owners like Dori and appreciate her "midwest" kindness also!  We strongly encourage having this bakery on your cell phone speed dial.  Her turn around for orders is quick too!  Love ya Dori!  Lori / SoZo Coffee
5	What a little gem of a place! I'm so happy I found this place. First of all, the owner is the sweetest person. Second, everything is fresh and homemade from scratch. I was able to try the red velvet cupcake before buying and I can't explain how amazing it was. So I got those and her chocolate ones in addition to her coffee rolls, lemon bar, as well as her hand peeled apple turnovers. Last but not least she stated to feel free to text her special orders! I'm sending everyone I know here!
5	Been meaning to go in this place for weeks as I frequent Safeway.  I am so pleased that I finally did....wow...she is awesome, very friendly and knows how to make a good veggie sandwich...I do eat meat as  well and cannot wait to try the turkey and avocado or no maybe the 1st Prize chicken salad sandwich....yum..so many awesome choices..and she makes the most amazing potato and pasta salad...and I don't really like anybody's but my mom's and well let's say she's next in line next to mom..anyway ya gotta check it out she is tucked way back in the corner so it's easy to miss...oh and while I didn't try her sweets I did buy the big chocolate chip cookie for my teens and they wanted more.....keep up the good work Dori....Cat
5	After weeks of hearing about this place from my Mom, I decided to give it a try. WOW!! All her bread is baked fresh daily and it is the yeasty, chewy kind like a cornish split. Her sandwiches are amazing and so are the soups which are made fresh each day. I have had the french onion and the cream of mushroom which were both great! Her chicken salad is award winning! The desserts are sinful!! I can't say enough!!
5	I'm sold! This place is awesome! I love supporting local businesses, and this is why. No Sprinkles cupcake can compare to Dori's red velvet! And her cinnamon buns! They are absolutely to die for! Haven't tried her lunches yet, but she makes many award winning foods, so I'm excited to try something!
5	How much do I love having a good bakery only a few minutes from my house? A lot. I've been to Dori's several times now, and have not been disappointed in the baked goods. The Danishes and apple bread I've bought for breakfast were delicious, as were the sandwiches I've had for lunch (chicken salad and turkey/avocado). The bread on those sandwiches was amazing, with such great flavor and texture, that when my cousin needed good bread for fancy tea sandwiches she was serving at a birthday party, I went straight to Dori for white and wheat bread. I heard several people at the party commenting on how delicious the bread tasted, and they were right. Can't wait to try even more treats here.
4	Stopped in today and tried a couple things. I would have to echo another reviewer who talked about the red velvet cupcakes. Dori's cupcakes are delicious. I'll definitely stop by and grab some more next time I'm down in that area.
3	Bread is great pastries not-so-much.  The owner (I am assuming) was super nice and friendly.  I came in for cupcakes, asked about cake pricing which is about 3$ more per half sheet, understandable for the small guy BUT the were hot, and tasteless.  I took a variety of cupcakes to see what would be best for the office and there was honestly nothing great about any of them. I received them hot flat and melty looking.HOWEVER- I bought a bag of french bread fresh for a dollar! It was AMAZING.  Bread was FANTASTIC.  IF I happen to be in the same area and need bread I might stop in but its not a convenient location for me so probably not, I would prefer to get the organic bread form the co-op down the way.Baked pastries not-so-much.
5	Love this place... I know we are creatures of habits and buy this sort of stuff at Fry's or Safeway, but give your local baker a shot and you are sure to be impressed... Love the canolis and lemon bars.  Can't seem to go in to this place and not leave with some extras...  French bread is off the hook, i'll never go Frys again for it...   Also the pies... I think its been a long time since I've had a non frozen pie, these were def made from scratch and mind blowing... apple carmel had a perfect amount of tartness... will be getting some more for christmas with the family!
4	Discovered this place last week. 99 cent french bread everyday and cookies - YUM! They also have sandwiches. I will try them for lunch soon.
5	We have been in a few times, even tried the sandwiches. We would like to RAVE about the crumb cake! Everything we have had is good but the crumb cake is sublime!
2	Husband got me a red velvet cupcake from here. I thought it was the worst red velvet cupcake I've ever had. Tasted more like a yellow cake with the cream cheese frosting on top. The frosting wasn't all that great either.
5	This my number one bakery I go to for everything!! The customer service is outstanding!! Any time I could be craving something but I don't know what DORI'S BAKERY has got it and if I need recommendations Dori is always there to help u make the best choice :) Dori and staff are the friendliest around!  The bread and food is always first class fresh because she makes them in the morning and the food is made when u order it!  The food here is what I like to call "home/comfort foods" cause its all delicious. Not one thing I have tried has been anything under par of spectacular:) I highly recommend this bakery for anybody looking for the next best thing!
5	The staff at Dori's is always friendly and helpful. My kids LOOOOOVE the cinnamon rolls and the elephant ears are my favorite. I only wish I could go more often. I think it is so important to support local businesses and this is one I will definitely continue visiting!
5	Dori's Bakery is amazing! She made our wedding cake on short notice, and it turned out beautiful and delicious. Her red velvet (top tier) was a hit at the wedding, but my personal favorite was the marble cake (bottom tier). We had about half the cake left over, but left it out for guest to pick on throughout the rest of the weekend and it was finished by Monday! She worked within our tiny budget, and delivered a million dollar cake on short notice. We also grab lunch there occasionally- try the chicken salad sandwich! Great food and owner!
5	Breakfast burritos are MASSIVE!  French bread is amazing.  I always stop in for the fresh bread before I make pasta at home.  I even made my awesome stuffing with their french bread.  Love this place.  Friendly staff, good prices, fresh baked goods.  Support your local businesses!
5	While my car was being serviced I decided to pop in to Dori's to check it out. I ordered a blueberry muffin and it was awesome! The guy at the counter was super friendly and offered to warm it up for me. Fast forward a few hours later and my car was STILL being serviced so I called my husband to pick me up. It was around lunch time and we were going to get sandwiches from Subway but decided to walk down to Dori's to try them out. BEST DECISION EVER! The bread was so tasty and the ingredients were fresh (I had a turkey avocado and hubby had the chicken bleu cheese). The French bread was most definitely the best I have ever had; a little crusty on the on the outside but freaking soft in the middle! We both ordered the potato salad which is homemade and not the stuff that comes from the tub. It was so good that we will definitely be back! Oh, I forgot the red velvet cupcake. The frosting was very creamy and the cake was moist and delicious. For 99 cents you cannot go wrong :)
5	The Cinnamon Rolls are the BEST!!!!!!
3	I stopped there yesterday and the place was empty. No sign that they moved so apparently they closed up shop. Does anyone know why?
