5	I've used Island Time for the past eight years, and they have always done a stellar job! They look for economical fixes and call me to give me a list of suggestions before they do any work. My pool and spa are older, so I'm glad to have someone watching out for breakages.
5	The absolute best service! They take care of everything, explain all work, give us great $olutions to our service issues.. couldn't be better! Thanks so much, Island Time!
5	I meant to write a review on the good folks at Island Time earlier, but have just been too busy.Long story short - I bought my home in May and it had a pool.  I didn't have a clue how to maintain a pool.  I just heard from folks at my job at how complicated it was, how you needed to be a chemist to figure it all out, etc.  Well, I don't even remember how I found these guys, but I'm glad I did.  Scott came out the first time and met me and gave me pool 101 and explained to me what type of pool I had, how my filter system worked, etc.  It turned out I had a salt water pool, but the prior owner had been operating it as a chlorine pool.  Over the course of a few months, and just a few visits, Scott had me running and taking care of my system and I am pretty confident in saying that I know how to take care of my pool, keep it maintained, and if by some chance I need to get the professionals - I'll be calling Island Time Pools.So now that summer is over, and the water is getting a little too cold - I can say with pride that I had zero issues with my water quality.  No coming home and finding it turned green, no bacteria or molds... nothing.  I just use test strips every couple of days and with Scott's help I know how to treat the water if the colors aren't quite where they need to be.  I'm not a pro like them, but I have confidence that I know what I'm doing and that is what I REALLY needed from a pool service company - the ability for them to transfer their knowledge to me so I can feel good and confident about owning my pool.Great, great company.
5	Island Time is an amazing company. They have top notch customer service and are reliable. When I was looking at hiring pool companies I found them through Yelp and the owner was actually the one who came out to do the initial assessment! He was knowledgeable, courteous and extremely professional. Since hiring them last year, I've referred three other families to them all who feel the exact same way. An added bonus is they have an online bill pay system for those who use them as a monthly service. I wouldn't go anywhere else for my pool needs!
