5	Stew's the best realtor I know (and I've purchased quite a few homes).  He's the one you want working for you because he'll go the extra mile to get things done.  What I like best about Stew is his patience.  He'll continue to look for homes until you're satisfied.  We successfully closed on a home in June!  When you want the best  - call Stew!
5	If you want someone who genuinely, sincerely, and passionately cares for YOUR NEEDS to find your DREAM HOME, please don't look any further! Stew will show you time after time that you've made the right choice as your Realtor because he will not sell you a house, but he will find your DREAM HOME for you!Not only would you have found the house of your dreams but you will gain a special friend.. through all kinds of weather, he's been there to show, guide, run, and huddle all the way with me as though he is my own family. Hes truly shown that he sincerely, genuinely cares to meet  my housing needs from very beginning to EVEN AFTER getting the key to my new lovely house! A personal service that's OUTSTANDING and ABOVE & BEYOND expectation is what I have received from Stew and I can't thank him enough!!Not have I found a HOME I ABSOLUTELY LOVE, but through this process, I have met a good person/ friend.I do HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you give him a call and find this out for yourself!!you will not be disappointed!
5	Stew Keane is absolutely, positively the man.  Before meeting Stew, we wandered aimlessly through the jungle of Scottsdale real estate.  Because we were looking to lease a condo, we never thought a Realtor could help us.  We happened to mention our situation to Stew, who -- within a couple of days -- had a personalized website set up for us with listings, and was calling us to schedule showings.  His deft assistance was key in helping us understand the pros and cons of each unit we viewed.  When we finally decided on a property, he negotiated on our behalf and got us a month's rent free -- and a move-in date before the start of our lease!  On top of it all, he's a fantastic guy -- and he runs his business on a Mac and an iPhone -- so awesome!  Highly recommended, whether you're buying a house or just looking for the perfect luxury rental in Scottsdale.
5	Stew is the epitome of a professional and courteous Realtor! He knows so much about the industry and the area around him that he can give you a full picture of the Phoenix Real Estate market. I worked with Stew for 1 1/2 years before we found the right area and built our home... talk about a long sales cycle! Stew was patient and always willing to go the extra mile to help us out.
5	I have been performing home inspections for Stew for several years.  I am amazed that he is always so positive and willing to do whatever it takes to keep the process rolling smoothly.  It does not matter if it is a little condo or a million dollar property in Scottsdale; he always treats the buy and seller with the same respect and attention.  And with him using the latest gadgets known to the real estate market, you are one step ahead of the competition when you are working with Stew.
5	Stew went above and beyond! There are no words to describe how grateful I am for his help through my relocation process. He made everything go more efficiently and smoothly than I ever thought possible. He is so very thorough and detail oriented. I cannot recommend him more highly!!!
5	I always depend on Yelp and truly depend on the reviews so when I was looking for an investment property out in AZ I jumped on Yelp and found Stew, all 5 stars.   I called him up and explained what I was looking for and he knew exactly my price range and the TYPE of property and neighborhood I wanted to buy in so he started his homework and I immediately started receiving MLS's.   Being that I live in CA i really had to depend on him to drive around  ALL OVER and he did!  Every single MLS I was interested in or 'thought' I was interested in he was all over it and gave me his honest and forthright opinion.  Once he found the 'perfect' property and said 'THIS IS IT!' that's where the real work began.  Let's just say there was soooooo much drama ranging from the seller's agent to the loan processing that I wanted to just give up at one point, but Stew would not give up for me!  He is very direct and tells you like it is, so when he said outright that we can do this VERY STERNLY I let him do his thing and we FINALLY CLOSED in the nick of time!!  His wife Angie is great as well as she was handling the RIDICULOUSLY stressful loan application but with the two of them working together, they make a great team!!  Stew is always in a great mood and not only does he build a relationship with his buyer, but makes sure he develops one with the seller so the whole transaction goes smooth even with the bumps in between.  So if you are looking for the PERFECT realtor look no further!  I can attest that Stew Keene is the man!!  And once again thanks to Yelp!
5	I have done several deals over the years with Stew. He is top notch. Not only is he extremely knowledgeable but he puts his clients first (he can be pretty funny too).
5	I have had the pleasure of working with Stew Keene since early 2012 when I started the search for my home in the Scottsdale area.  I closed on a place July 2013 after making offers on several homes and looking at probably close to 15 homes.  Despite the challenging market conditions, Stew made the process less stressful and is an absolute expert in the field.  He listens closely to the customer, has an incredible level of patience, and had my best interests in mind at all times.  He routinely goes above and beyond the customer's expectations and since I was out of town quite often, he would many times take video of the property with direct, no bull feedback.  I highly recommend Stew for any of your real estate needs, you will not be disappointed!  Plus, he's just a cool dude!
5	My wife and I found Stew Keene thru Yelp! reviews.  We highly value the opinions and experiences that others share on Yelp. My wife tells me all too frequently that I have becomes OCD when it comes to researching any and everything that is important (to me or us) whether it is a big purchase or even a smaller one that really matters to us for whatever reason.  In this instance it REALLY paid off for us.I contacted Stew and had to leave a message. He returned my call in about 5 minutes.  I told him that we were in the market for a house and told him our base price need and general location.  I also told Stew at the beginning of the call that we were interviewing 2 different realtors and would decide in the next 48 hours who we would use.  He was very attentive and then began to ask intelligent, thoughtful questions to get a better understanding of our needs.  At the end of the call, I had a really good vibe about Stew and was ready to make my decision.  Being the good husband that I am  I told Stew that I would talk to my wife and let him know... Needless to say, we went with Stew and we really could not have made a better choice no matter how many Realtors we interviewed.We had a couple of very specific requirements that were must haves in our home.  We wanted to be close to my wife's job, we had to have a house with two living areas, we had to have a pool.  All of those seem pretty basic... Stew set up a website portal for us that he would drop houses onto that he thought may meet our needs.  He also encouraged us to drop houses onto the website.  He was very thorough in his selections as well as reviewing what we placed on there as well.  He would never presume to remove a house that we put on the portal but he would on occasion tell us the price was higher than it should be, the neighborhood was sketchy or any other piece of information that he knew.  If we still wanted to see the house, he was more than willing to show it to us.I realize this is getting very long so I will shorten it just a bit.Stew must have physically shown us 50 houses over the course of 3-4 weeks.  He never lost patience and he would not let us get frustrated with the process.  He was literally there for us at any time we had a question or need.  We finally found the perfect house about 1 mile from Old Town Scottsdale.  He was able to negotiate a great deal for us and was very attentive to us and helped to lessen the pressure that comes with this final piece of the process.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND STEW KEENE.  You will not go wrong with this guy. Knowledgeable, witty, patient, resourceful and an all around top notch professional.
5	I found Stew through Yelp and let me say that the reviews are 100% true!  Stew is very personable and is very helpful.  My husband and I were trying to look for a home in the Scottsdale area and we had a short timeline.  Within 3 months we were able to find a home and believe me that was not an easy task coming from out of state.  Stew is very professional.  He is there with you throughout the entire process.  He very quick to respond to emails, phone calls, and is tech savvy.  All of our documents were done electronically.  It was really simple!Stew is also very attentive and is informative. There were a few homes we looked at where he pointed out some flaws or concerns with regards to the location or the structure.   I did not feel rushed, nor did I ever feel he was just trying to make a quick sale.  Stew is an outstanding realtor and I highly recommend him to anyone interested in buying a home in the phoenix area!
5	Stew took care of our family as a friend more than just as a realtor.  We were moving to phoenix from Ohio and our process was a long one.  Stew kept us informed and limited our stress levels with his expertise.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a realtor who is honest,  passionate,  and driven toward positive results.
5	Stew is the penultimate professional when it comes to assisting clients and he made purchasing a home easy.  He listens to his clients and went out of his way to insure the transaction went smoothly. Stew has become a family friend as well and I highly recommend him to anyone seeking real estate assistance!
5	I contacted Stew as I read rave reviews on Yelp, and true to the reviews, he was extremely helpful and gave me very prompt replies from the get go. I was interested in relocating from New York to Scottsdale, and knowing very little about the real estate market, wanted direction and guidance from someone who was knowledgeable and could find me places that met my criteria. Stew got back to me with possible places to look at right away that were the right fit for me. It saved me a lot of time!! He is great to work with and I highly recommend him!
