2	When I moved to Charlotte about ten years ago, Showmars had about ten locations.  Now they have 25 or so.  Probably more.  They serve a variety of burgers, on buns and on pitas, and gyros and chicken as well.  They also have a fish sandwich, though I've never tried it.The food is good and the price is decent.  I guess some people like it or they wouldn't have as many locations as they do, but I've never found anything especially outstanding about the place.
3	Somewhat amazingly, I've been to Showmars only a handful of times, I've written two reviews, and this is one of them.  The last one was almost four years ago.  I didn't even realize I had been here before, much less reviewed the place.I actually stopped in for breakfast one morning because I noticed they had a breakfast special.  I'm all about breakfast, so I gave them a go.  It turns out that Showmars - at least this Showmars - is absolutely packed for breakfast.  I don't know if it's because of the location (their parking lot shares a park-and-ride) or what, but you may want to have some time on your hands.The service can be spotty.  I've gone in and had to wait a few minutes just to be acknowledged.  I've also gone and been seated right away.  But once seated, the table service is usually very good, and the food comes out quickly.  Also, the bacon is generally some of the best I've ever had - crisp and tasty, not burnt.  They also keep you drinks filled regularly, one of the things I look for as far as service goes.If you don't like breakfast, I'd suggest the Greek sandwiches - my favorite is the Souvlaki Somora (chicken), but the Gyro isn't bad either.  Other than that, it's just so-so.Sweet Tea Report:  Thanks to Wild Bill F., I tried their sweet tea - which I hadn't done before for some reason - and it's not bad.  Better than some, worse than others.  Many places find themselves in the middle of the road when it comes to sweet tea, and Showmars is no exception.  You can tell the difference over unsweetened tea, but it could be much sweeter.  Definitely worth a go if you need a fix, but there are better places out there.
2	OK, nothing special. Mint Hill is in real need of a more upscale place to eat, something other than the Greekish diner fare like here and Jimmies. Maybe someday......Pretty good value for the price, but just average at  best, I've eaten here at least a dozen times and gotten take out more than that just because its convenient to where I live and I'm surprized by the number of folks giving this a 4 or more star rating. They must be limited in their dining experience.
3	So, back in a chain. And this time I didn't think this place was too bad. I haven't been to showmars in a while and when I was invited to go while working to eat and I was actually surprised. They had great service and this Showmars gave a feeling of community. Lets face it, it is in Mint Hill.Overall, I enjoyed this Showmars. Nothing really bad/good to say about it. Nothing special, at the same time it wasn't bad at all. Food came promptly and it was pretty tasty.
3	Yes, it's a chain. But it's a local chain, so that accounts for something, right? It's also fast-casual Greek food, not the common chain experience.Being one of the few MH options, this location is usually very busy. But the staff is efficient and the wait time is minimal. Pitas, slouvaki, gyro, and American dishes (burgers, grilled chicken salads). You don't come here for authenticity, but for a decent, fast, cheap meal.Pro tip: For take-out, call 10 minutes before and pick it up using their drive-through. It's not an order at the box; you have to call ahead.
3	Just like it says, real good food....fast!  Showmars is a great choice if you really just don't feel like the usual fast food but also don't have the time for a sit-down.  Every Showmars I've been to has very friendly and accomodating staff.  Would like to see some more gluten-free items on the menu other than just salad, but for the most part the menu is sufficient.  Great place to grab a bite!!
