5	Marriott's first Residence Inn in the UK is modern, almost to the point of being futuristic, comfortable, conveniently located on the south side of Edinburgh and a stone's throw from the centre of the old town. Each room includes a kitchenette so that guests can self cater although the hotel will shop for you as part of the service and serve complimentary breakfast. A maid even services your room each day and does the washing up! Rooms have all the mod cons you would expect with additions such as an i-playing device. There is an oven, microwave and cooker but no air conditioning or dishwasher as in the States. Heartily recommended nevertheless.
5	We stay at Marriott hotels as a rule. They are consistently better than we could hope for. This location is no different.Between helping us find the perfect restaurant for dinner last night (which with my allergies is an impressive fete indeed), helping us with directions to everywhere we want to go, taking care of me with a cold, and providing all kinds of local information, the staff have proven to be cheerful, helpful, friendly, and indispensable. I may move here.The room was perfect. Every possible amenity I could want at a Residence Inn is available and in perfect condition. The location of the hotel is perfect, as well. Close to everything we want to see and easily accessed via bus.If you're considering staying here, I cannot recommend it highly enough. If you're not considering staying here, you're batty. Book a room. You won't regret it.
4	Pretty good Marriott in a pleasant part of Edinburgh - an easy walk into the centre.I got a really large room with built-in kitchen.  More of an apartment really.  Don't know if they're all like that.Don't think there was any air-con, but you could open the windows (it was high enough up to not be a theft risk).Very smart, clean and modern.  Breakfast downstairs was included in the rate (think that's standard, but worth checking).
4	Residence inn.  Great staff and morning breakfast.  Very good food and pubs with in 7 min walk and close to major attractions. Rooms have dual electrical outlets three in t shape  and two pin plugs standards for 220volt. Very cost effective prices. Downside no air conditioning! Even in late September and 55F outside. The hallways were extremely warm.  The kitchenette sink valve were backward cold on left and hot on right. No exhaust vents in rest room or shower, so smells and humidity pass through the room and out a small window that does not give enough ventilation especially when blinds are closed. Small floor oscillating floor fan did not help.  Wifi was spotty in the rooms on the 7th floor connections only worked in front of tv directly and in main lobby. Eco hotel. Sheets are changed every two days. There is no separate bed sheet, bottom sheet and bed pad yes the bed blanket has a sheet around it.  The road to the hotel is to small for large tour busses to pick up or drop off for tours is a 4 min walk.
5	Great hotel, great location, excellent service. My wife and I recently stayed here, and we had a fantastic experience. Paul at the front desk was extremely accommodating. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough.
5	Fantastic location. Flawless staff. Modern rooms. I cannot find anything I do not like about this hotel, ohhh just the lag of variety at breakfast but as i eat the same every day its not really a problem and if you are only there for some days you will not notice it.A really great hotel that i can only recommend for both business and pleasure
5	Very nice accommodations.  The staff is very professional and attentive and go above and beyond.  Very pleased with the high level of customer service. Great location.  The food is delicious as well.
1	While the hotel appears new and modern, some creepy old problems exist inside, namely bed bugs. After a day of heavy travel, we fell into bed only to awake to find dead bed bugs on our sheets. We notified the front desk, asked to have the sheets changed, only to return after hours to the same sheets. With the Ryder Cup in town, we couldn't change hotels. Also, the interior doors are all spring loaded with electromagnets and randomly slam shut. In addition there is very limited bathroom counter space.  The staff is pleasant. The location is only 15 minute walk from the Royal Mile.
5	Awesome experience.  Fantastic breakfast buffet.  Free wifi.  Clean and well kept.  In hotel bar.  Front desk staff was amazing.  Great location and great price.
