4	Easley's Fun Shop is a fantastic place to find nearly any costume you can imagine. You can rent or buy most costumes or you can piece them together on your own. Aisles of fake moustaches, gaudy jewelry and other costume props ensure you will find what you are looking for. If you need something a little more along the "prosumer" line (wigs and mustaches for professional theatrical productions) there is someone on hand who can assist you with what you are looking for. Don't be surprised if you discover a costume you hadn't imagined existed. There are dressing rooms for you to try them all on before you purchase them, as all sales are final. Party supplies are also plentiful if you are throwing a theme party for a friend who might be going away or turning 40. Scads of silly (and maybe a little naughty) party favors will make your gathering one to remember.If you are going in around the end of October, keep in mind that you are going to be faced with a madhouse. When I went about 2 weeks before Halloween, it wasn't so bad but business was still fairly brisk. A few days before Halloween, there was a police officer directing traffic in and out of the tiny parking lot. If you plan ahead about a month or more you should have no problem finding exactly what you are looking for.
4	Say, for example, you are thinking of parading around as Sonny Bono next year for Halloween. It's gonna be tricky: the moustache, the wig, the awful Hawaiian shirt pattern, the bellbottoms, and maybe even some fake chest hair. You're one-stop shop to all your Sonny Bono gear is right here at Easley's. Don't ask me how I know that. Word to the Wise: Think ahead. Prices go up during Halloween season.
5	Great costume store! Have rented and bought items from here and have never had any issues! The staff is great, very very helpful, and you can browse their selection from their website: http://www.easleys.com/
5	Easley's is very cool.  The staff is knowlegable.  They have costumes and costume accessories galore.It is a lot of fun!
5	Locally owned & run by the 3rd & 4th generations of Easleys.  Largest selection of costumes in Arizona, so yeah, they get crowded around the last part of October for some obscure reason.Also the biggest magic department around with professional magicians behind the counter to help you.Did somebody say party supplies?  Were you looking for balloons and, maybe, a tank of Helium to fill them?  Yep.  They do those too.Just don't ask, by name, for that purple dinosaur you grew up watching on TV.
4	I love Halloween!  Each year I either make my costume or use pieces from my wardrobe.  When I was growing up each of my costumes were made by my grandma.  I had never bought a costume until this year. I attempted to make a flapper dress out of film strips because I wanted to tote a recycled costume but that never happened.  I couldn't figure out how to do it so it would look nice. We had many exciting things happening the weekend before Halloween and for the night of, so I really really really wanted a costume.  I looked online, but I never buy clothes online.  I must see how it looks on me. SO! We headed to Easley's!  What a super fun experience.  It was definitely packed, but it was a few days before Halloween, so that was expected.  I wanted matching costumes. Gary is always Young Dr. McCoy from Star Trek and I did not want to be a Star Trek girl... So we hunted and tried and hunted and tried more costumes on.  We eventually decided to be Batman and Batgirl.   We looked super cute!  I had a great experience finding a costume.  I even still wear my gloves and mask around the house!
5	OMG--I love this place.  My new AZ friends host an annual Mardi Gras party with a live band and I received my invite at the end of December, reminding me to start thinking about a costume.  I had no idea what to wear and decided to find a costume shop online for ideas.Easley's presented itself as the only real option that was close (even though it took 40 mins to get there from Surprise) and boasted a host of costumes that could be rented or purchased.  This was great for 2 reasons--I didn't want to buy a costume that I'd only wear for 1 night if it were going to cost more than $30 and didn't have the time/patience to throw something together as I heard many of the past partygoers suggest.  (I do have a normal day job & sewing is not one of my domestic skills!)Upon arrival, the storefront looked smaller than I imagined.  I assumed it would be like a Costco warehouse b/c there were so few costume stores in the Phoenix area, and if this were 'it' for costume stores, I just thought it would be aisles and aisles of costumes where I might have to push around one of those oversized carts and then buy a polish hotdog afterward b/c I'd be so famished from shopping.  But that was not the case.In this compact little space, they organized the store very well and utilized every possible inch of wall space to display what they didn't have room for on the floor.  Since Mardi Gras was a few weeks away when I was shopping, they had racks of rental costumes and an entire section with accessories.  I found what I needed quickly--a floor length cape for $25 and a huge gold crown.  It was perfect.  (Please note, that although the Mardi Gras costumes were my main concern & the focus of this post, they had a ton of other things in there).While I was waiting in line, I couldn't help but notice how many different varieties of bunny head masks they had for rent.  There must have been about 15 different bunny heads mounted on display.  Who knew bunny costume renters would be so particular about the facial features on a bunny head....?
5	After leaving ZOE's for lunch, we spotted Easley's and couldn't resist. We brought presents back to the office for everyone.  What did we find there for our co-workers?We brought back Liz some bacon band-aids.For Lenee, a poop pen.The other Russ got a pickle launcher.They also have a ton of stuff for Halloween, probably thousands of costumes. Check it out.
5	Best Halloween shopping ever. This place has everything and it is all in stock. They have a TON of stuff. The staff is super helpful. I rented a helium tank for 15 bucks that blew up about 50 balloons. The balloons were good quality and inexpensive. A very good deal.
5	Easley's is so fun.  Halloween time at Easley's is a total mad house but still so fun. If you ever have a themed party that you need to dress up for, decorate or just "get in the spirit" of whatever (National Pig Day)- this is the place.They have hundreds- no wait-- THOUSANDS of costumes.  I bought my Afro wig here and all sorts of random stuff.  It's super fun and the prices are decent.If you are ever bored and want to kill some time, just head to Easley's-- that store can entertain you without even trying.
5	I'm glad that my boyfriend and I went hear on our Halloween hunt.  There were lots of good ideas creeping and crawling around each corner.  It was pretty busy as it is the week before Halloween, so they have a guy working in the parking lot to get customers in and out of parking without too much hassle.  What a GREAT idea!  I really appreciated how easy they made it.
3	I found myself in a bind (and not the kinky kind) last Friday when, after spending all my allotted "costume shopping time" dealing with car issues, I faced the threat of having to appear at a Halloween party sans costume. Quelle horreur! I had six hours to find a costume that would befit a woman of my fabulous reputation. Deciding that this was far more important than, you know, helping students scan documents or walking professors through checking their e-mail, I picked up the office phone and started making calls.First I called Torrid. I wasn't thrilled at their selection, but I'm a fashion-minded plus-size girl, and they fit that niche. While I was tempted to get their flight attendant costume (I would've put on some corpse paint and gone as a "Fright Attendant"...get it? Get it? Fuck you, tool, I know I'm funny), Misty S and I have a rule about dressing up as each other's parents. I don't dress up as a flight attendant, and she doesn't dress up in an air force uniform. It's helped save our relationship.They had a Ms. Lovett costume ("The Barber's Mistress?" Really?) but some hosebeast I work with and totally hate was going as that at another party, and she hand-made her costume and I could not possibly stand to have my costume compared to hers. So that went.I got the idea to go as Little Red Riding Hood. Having exhausted my options at Torrid and not quite daring enough to risk the vomitorium that is Party City, I looked up Easley's. Back when I was a mere Theater major (you called it, huh?) Easley's was synonymous with "knows their shit". Everyone who took costuming/cosplay/halloween parties (too) seriously went there. It was a name I could trust. In fact, I still have all the makeup I've bought from them over the years tucked away in a First Aid box (one day someone will figure out it doesn't contain gauze...but until then I can't afford a new box). So I gave it a try."Easley's, how may I help you?""Yeah, I was looking on your site, do you have the Plus Size Miss Red Riding Hood costume in stock?"*Sounds of checking inventory* "No, we don't, but we do have the other one, with the long black skirt, and we found another one not on the site.""Describe it to me, please?""Corset with gold braiding, short black skirt, red hood.""Oh wow. That sounds perfect. Can I have you hold it for me so I can come by and see?""No. You have to pay for them online before we can hold them.""But you said it's not available online.""Oh, we're going to upload it to the site right now.""Oh, okay, I see it...but...there's no picture.""Yeah. We don't have a picture of it. It'll be $39.95.""Wait, I'm supposed to pay for this sight unseen? Can't you just set it aside? I'll be there in like an hour. I can't afford to pay for this, drive over there and find that it doesn't fit, I don't like it, etc.""Sorry, no, we can't.""Ugh, okay. Thank you."Desperate (and a little curious) I went to order the mystery costume, and what do you know, not only was it invisble, but shape-shifting. Once in my checkout cart the price had changed (WITH MAGIC!) to 53.95. I called back. And was put on hold.  Yeah, that's great, Endlessly Looping Sound Clip, but I really don't give a shit about the rental policy. I just want my costume.I ended up hanging up. I wasn't even sure I could afford the costume even if it was only 39.95.So I went home, threw on the pink tafetta nightmare I wore at Fetish Prom, slipped on a domino mask and some high heeled boots and went as a prom queen dominatrix. I was the life of the partyI know it sounds a little harsh of me to give them a 3 star for this one mixup, but seriously, I've never needed to get plastic involved to get anyone to hold something for me. I don't see what makes Easley's so special. What are the odds of another full-figured girl walking in within that hour time frame screaming "QUICK! I NEED A SEXY LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD STAT!" I say relatively low, but that's only because I don't want to imagine that there's another me out there in the world. I'm enough.After the Halloween fervor I fully intend to stop by and see if they have that costume available still. Because it sounds fabulous. But I think it's important to know whether or not it'll make my ass look fat before I make the commitment.
2	I wouldn't have been able to say "I've experienced better" right after my visit to Easley's, as I am not a costume shop regular, but I had been invited to a decade themed party to be thrown while I was vacationing in Austin and visited a second costume shop there. I left Easley's disappointed because I had very little assistance while there and felt the quality of the costumes was somewhat weak. They didn't have items in my size and had no alternatives to suggest. I had expected costume shopping to be fun and imagined the shop workers would be creative and helpful with putting something together. After all, that would be what separated them from a thrift shop, right? When that wasn't what I got at Easley's, I figured my expectations were too high, until I visited a shop in Austin and found it to be superior. So, if I need a costume in Phoenix, I'll probably try Easley's again but I won't have real high hopes of finding what I am looking for or getting much help putting something together.
4	With Halloween coming up you can bet your sweet patootie that I'm going to be hitting up Easley's.  I've always found whatever I'm looking for there, and then some.  Prime example was in May and I was desperate for some red crepe paper as I was constructing a crawfish pinata for my friend's New Orleans style "Crustacean Annihilation" party.  Not only did they have the exact type and color that I needed, they also had crawfish mardigras beads and a squeaky lobster.  I love any place that sells squeaky lobsters.  They also saved me when I was a flapper- they have bejewelled cigarette holders, and fake cigarettes that blow smoke!  It would also be a fun place to take a date!
4	I'd been in Easley's a few times before but never bought anything until my visit today.  I see the importance of shopping early for Halloween as the selection is still pretty good - granted Halloween is still almost four weeks away.  Even so, I would have liked to find a smaller size today but I was out of luck and they could not order so I'll have to make due with what I found.I usually don't go all out for Halloween, but this year I have a party to go to so I figured I may as well dress up.  In the past, I've either borrowed costumes or created costumes with whatever I have laying around the house.  I've been a cowgirl, a witch, and a Bad News Bear the past three years.  But this year will be different... why?  Because I purchased a kick-ass super hero costume.  Which super hero?  Which do you think?  Wonder Woman!!!!!I cannot wait to wear it.  I still need to figure out what shoes or boots I'll wear, and I may need to alter it a bit since they didn't have my exact size, but other than that, I'm set!  And I didn't procrastinate and wait until the last minute!  Can you tell that I'm proud of myself?!  I'll post my Wonder Woman pics come Halloween... stay tuned!
4	Everybody at the makeup counter was extremely helpful in showing me how to complete my Tobias Funke Blue Man costume and how to create a fake beard for my Charlie costume.  I loved how knowledgeable the staff was, and I one person didn't know something, they would find another girl who could give you an answer.-1 star because it can get a little pricey to complete the look and they try to upsell.
5	'twas the night before booyahand all the through the citypeople were piecing some pretty shittycostumes togetherat savers, good willgeorge w bushclintons, bill and hilljay-z & beyoncebiden and obamaeven saw kanyeoprah, super mammayep, octomombrad pitt & jolieand men as madonnaand lynn sue cooney i went to Easley'sto see what they hadof course, it was madnessevery kid, mom and dadcrammed into the islespulling on wigsvampire masksand noises of pigsall being assisted by the yellow tee'd staffso very helpfulno panic, just laughs"yes we have liberacein fact, we have twotry both of them oni'll grab 'em for you"they found me a boaa wig and make uptook just fifteen minutescase opened and shutand all around methis repeated itselfthe people rolled inpleased people rolled outinto the darknessparties around townwonder how manywere out gettin' downin get ups from Easley'si'm guessing a tonso check out Bert Easley'smake up, magic, funbright yellow buildingsouth side of mcdowellsince nineteen sixty fourmakin' halloween, howl
4	You will not find a better costume shop in the Phoenix area. Easley's stocks most of the things you can find online, with the added benefit of being able to browse and try them on! It's very obvious the staff loves being there and loves the products they sell. The costumes here are a step above what you'd find at a Spirit or Party City. Expect to spend more but have a costume you can wear more than once, and it's much less likely you'll run into anyone else with the exact same costume. They literally have rooms and rooms of costumes. If you're looking for something specific, it's best to ask as you could spend a long time looking for it otherwise.If you want accessories, Easley's is well stocked. A lot of popular accessories come in several versions from a few dollars on up. They make it very easy to buy a complete costume or assemble one of your own. Beware that there's not a lot of breathing space in here and it gets very crowded and claustrophobic around the holidays. If you want a popular costume, go well in advance- I had to ask for several Halloween costumes before I found one that came in a size besides XS.
5	This shop teaches two lessons when you really need a costume:1) You never know what you'll find here2) When in doubt, go to Easley'sI pieced together my costumes the past two Halloweens from several different stores, as the majority of what I needed were regular clothes, but of course there was that one thing I couldn't find anywhere else. So, I went to Easley's. Weird hats, weird masks, weird costumes, accessories, wigs and that other thing you never knew you needed, or realized on the spot would make your costume shine are in this store. Need fake wounds, a rainbow wig or perky foam boobs? If you want to go as a nun, Amy Winehouse, Peggy Bundy, Cleopatra, a ghoul, a vampire penguin, all three Stooges or whatever idea you can conjure up you'll find what you need here. They have rentals and items for purchase for costume parties, holidays, whatever and party favors for kids and adults too.Two complaints, but they only apply to the month of October: parking is limited and really hard to do when it's busy (meaning it may be easier to park on a side street than in the lot) and consequently, there's so much stuff in here it's a bit tight when it's slow, but Halloween shoppers make it feel really congested.
4	Need an Alvin and the Chipmunk get up? Easleys.Need masks for a glamorous "Eyes Wide Shut" kinda party. Easley's.Need a tail to complete a grown man dressed up as a kitty. Easley's.Need a pink cowboy hat bedazzled with silver rhinestones. Easley's. Need a vintage Hello Kitty brouche (spell check not working!) to attach to pink cowboy hat bedazzled with silver rhinestones so it can be worn to an upcoming yelp Elite Event at Rustler's Rooste. Not Easley's. Thankfully I have a designer boyfriend with lots of goodies in his studio. So that was an easy fix. What a fun place this would be to work. And it must be. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Easley's is a Phoenix institution. Like Jan Brewer's speech coach. Like Dan Harkins parking spot.Like, well, like an early fall kick in the nuts heat wave from Mother Nature. Easely's!
5	The fun shop of all fun shops.   I've known about this place for years, but it wasnt until about 10 years ago that I finally walked in.  What a great place.  If there's something you need for a party or my favorite, Halloween.. Easley's has you covered.  This last year I turned my girlfriends little girls into zombies (per their request!) and I went to Easley's to ask for the Death Wheel make-up by Ben Nye.  Being a popular kit, I guess I expected them to not have it.  Not only DID they have it, but the girl actually gave me some tips on applying make up and some cool techniques.  You can easily get lost in this place (in a good way!) and spend tons of dough..  I know I did.  The place just rocks.
4	Whew...this place is the place to go for your local costume needs. Procrastinating as usual, I found this place to be SERIOUSLY BUSY just 2 days before Halloween. Duhhh right?! I was seriously impressed with their Makeup and special effects products...gallons of latex and blood....quality Ben Nye costume make up and accessories. The costume items seem endless. The wigs...the shoes...just about everything a person may need.... I was also impressed with how friendly and knowledgeable the staff all were considering how busy it was. They have rows dedicated to the more popular requests like Pirates, Demons and Witches. But you can also design your own and look through the "story boards" for other costumes that have to either rent or purchase. This is the place I will refer friends and family in need of costume or theme party supplies......
4	Although a number of Halloween stores begin cropping up over the holiday, I think it is always good to try and support the local businesses. I had an idea of what I was going to dress up for Halloween but in typical fashion, I changed my mind a few days before the Halloween party. Easley's has practically anything you might need even though how dare they not have my Rocky Horror Picture Show costume. The absolute nerve! I quickly found some good substitutes and the shop was running very efficiently. There were many employees around although I encountered major attitude/rudeness by one of the temporary employees manning the fitting rooms. Other than that BS, I found the employees to be very helpful and willing to help. You can get all types of costume make-up here, accessories galore (I got a rhinestone feather duster for my Magenta costume...cool), and of course, the wide range of costumes are amazing. You can be a giant banana, Lady Gaga, gorilla costume with a toga (party animal), and typical superheroes/occupation costumes. I gotta say, too, that Easley's is extremely reasonably priced. My costume was $25, wig $15 and feather duster $5. That's not bad considering I got a wig and additional accessories with the costume. Beware, though, there is no refund/return policy in case you change your mind. And hey, after you work up an appetite, head to Zoe's right next door!
5	Best place in town to find all your costume needs; however, try to go on the off-season because this place gets packed.
5	The staff is very knowledgeable about every question I have had with their products.  When I did have a question they didn't know the answer to, they pulled out some of the product and experimented with me until we were both satisfied with the answer.  They have tons of costumes as well.  If by some small chance they don't have what you want, they will order it in.I highly recommend this shop!!!
5	My one stop prop shop. Ive been coming to this store since I was a kid, I love Easley's and their prices!! Dont let the outside fool you, inside they are packed to the gills in spooky, magical, fun, creepy, and creative stuff! My only complaint is they are not open on Sundays. *sigh*
5	Things I've gotten from Easley's: -Pink bob wig -Butterfly wings -Masquerade mask -Blond mustache with a hint of red in it -Stink bombs -A boat captain's hat -Plastic nun-chucks -Tiaras -Friendly customer service Oh yeah, some costumes too.
5	Great costume store! Huge variety with a lot of product! A little pricey but I'm sure you will find what you are looking for! They are open year round and it's nice to be able to find costumes when it's not Halloween. It is also nice being able to purchase the product you want right away and not have to order online. Purchasing in-person also helps to ensure you are getting the right size because you can try them on. Super awesome place!
5	Costumes are appropriate all year long! :D I love this place BECAUSE of the following:~It's a local/family owned business~they have a great variety of costumes to buy & rent~they also carry gag/prank gifts ;D~they aren't seasonal! you can visit any time of the year :)The last item I purchased was a ninja set..... lol! The little nephew is gonna love it!P.S. Pets & Children are welcomed in this store, but both must be accompanied by their owner :)
5	Personalized attention, zombie makeup advice, staff had detailed product knowledge.  A+ :)
5	What is there not to love about this place??? Super friendly people working here and really know there stuff. I was trying to explain something I was looking for and even though I did not know the "correct" term for it she was able to figure it out with my horrible description and body movements(she would be a good Pictionary partner).Prices are really fair and they have everrrryythhingg you could think of.  My number one spot to check out for when I'm getting costumed out.
4	I love this place. It's been here FOREVER and I've just recently been introduced around Halloween.I went in to find some makeup and gags for both the Zombie walk and a friend gathering up in Jerome.What a blast! I wish I could rent a costume every day of the week and dress up as something different. Well, maybe I wouldn't go THAT far.I specially love their huge selection of facial hair. Don't ask me why! I just do.There are plenty of classic and new gag items too as well as super fun magic tricks and party favors.I'm just blown away at how fun this little shop is.
5	I love this place. Interestingly, I've rarely used it has a Halloween-shopping go-to! I'm a teacher, and for me this is THE PLACE to go to get funny, off-beat, inexpensive treats and surprises for my students. Little dime-store goodies, etc. I also went to Easley's ten or twelve times when I was prop-shopping for a play I was directing. One of the best things about this place is the assortment of inexpensive hats! Engineer hats, captain's hats, straw hats, jester's hats ... you name it, and they range in price and quality from "cheap and only needs to 'read' from the stage" to "a little more expensive and something you might actually wear out!" The people who work here are really helpful, but they won't breathe down your neck. Don't be shy about asking them to help you brainstorm a bit--they're great with open-ended questions and problem-solving.
4	I am always telling my friends at work that this place is my Disneyland. A drama teacher's best friend. Easley's is a huge 2 room store filled with props, costumes and party favors. I am there. I would move into the place if I could. lol!  I have to be very careful when I go to Easleys because I could spend my entire paycheck there.  I only give it four stars for a few negatives. ( Sadly, however these negatives still don't keep me away but are probably par for any business in this type of field) Some of their costumes, mostly the packaged ones or the ones on the rack in the rental costume room, can be made very, very cheaply, be ripped, and are ridiculously expensive for what you get. If you shop at Savers or Goodwill you can often find formal gowns that can be used as costume starters for less than 20 bucks and the you can add Easleys props, hats gloves etc. Those gown are a way better deal, last longer, and are excellent quality. For me though, and I assume true for others, the convenience of one stop shopping is is the allure. ( And please do not take that comment to mean all of their items are like that. Just be careful and double check what you buy because they have a no refund policy. I tried a dress on today that had rips all over it and one time I bought a hat that was missing a part. Just double check your stuff OK?) The other negative is that yes, they are expensive, and there hours just don't work well for me. More positives: The costumer service is great, the staff are outstanding, friendly and fun, and they rent mascot or more expensive type holiday character costumes. I also especially love the fun room. Here they have tons of wigs, accessories and cheaper types of costumes that you can put together by buying in separate pieces.  When I go To Easley's I usually spend three hours in the store browsing. I love it so much. Happy dress up folks!
4	Friendly and helpful staff and TONS of costumes to choose from!
4	If you're not a makeup junkie, this one will be hard to follow.  ;)When I hit pan on the Cinema Secrets Kit #1 palette (great for NC25), I wanted to try out a few other stage makeups and hopefully w/out blindly ordering off the Internet.  Easley's has the complete lineup of Ben Nye testers of their foundations and concealers, and the cool dude was providing me handiwipes as I was swatching colors.  Unfortunately no Graftobian palettes, my wishlist item.No returns, so swatching was a great way to checkout the lineup... fyi, the Ben Nye Shinsei line is specifically designed for Asian skintones.
4	Fun place to get masks for all my robberies.I joke. but really you can get good masks at Easley's.
4	Easley's is a fun shop! *rimshot*My adventure there was purely happenstance, but upon seeing that giant yellow building down the block from a Starbucks my friend and I stopped at, we had to see what it was. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that this shop not only carried the normal costumes drunken college students buy, but also cheap Venetian Carnevale masks and steampunk merchandise!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! The staff was courteous and attentive! We went in for some final touches for our Halloween costumes found more than expected. We shopped on a Saturday evening which seemed to be a very busy day, however the staff walked around showed each customer priority. The prices are not overly inflated and the selection is AMAZING! We can't wait to go back!
5	Eff. I really love Easley's. Sometimes I go in and don't even buy anything just to stare at the costume heads all lined up in a row. This past weekend I went in for items to put together a nontypical outfit. It was busy, as it typically is around Halloween, but it didn't bother any of the employees. I had several on hand to help me with every small piece. What's even better is that they pretended to be all into my costume and thought it was the best idea ever. Great salespeople skills!!!From the accessories to the wig to helping me find ways to customize a men's costume as I really don't think every single dress up idea should be turned slutty, they were on it. And I left impressed and happy.
5	The staff at the make up counter are AWESOME! I went in earlier this week to pick up some make up for a zombie costume, and the staff were so helpful. My first experience was so great that I have been back 3 times to pick up more stuff to play with and bring my costume to the next level. I had tons of questions about the theater blood and never used liquid latex so they grabbed the items and showed me how to make wounds, bleeding veins, and explained which bloods stains and which do not (by taking a swig and letting the blood run out of her mouth and all over her shirt). Whats great is that the staff said that if I wanted to come in during the week(it was now closing time) they would help me with some techniques. They are willing to help you, demonstrate stuff, and get creative to help you take things to the next level. To me that is what makes this place awesome. Oh and their prices are reasonable. It was the same as if I ordered off the net and paid for shipping. Also their prices Do Not go up, just for Halloween. I have now been in there before October and after, no price change...
5	This place is really quite awesome. I've been here a few times- the most recent time was to get stuff for my last minute Halloween costume. And they had it RIGGED up. They had these rather intimidating men in security vests (who were actually very nice) directing traffic flow into their lot. I got there at the right time- swung up, waited maybe 30 seconds for somebody to back out before pulling up and parking.There is actually two parts to the store. On the west side is the costume rental side, and on the east side is the actual store itself, where you can purchase almost anything you want, if it's related to costumes, fancy dress and whatnot. Service at this place is consistently pretty excellent. I've been during peak and off peak. During peak nobody bugs you if you don't want help, but they are more than willing to help you if you do. I was able to get in, get a white foundation, black eye cream, a powder and green spray on hair dye very quickly, with the girl's help. I went once ages ago as well, during off peak for extras as part of a cosplay outfit for a convention. The same thing- it was a lot quieter, but they were helpful when I wanted them to be, left me alone otherwise. This place really is a gem. They have beautiful wigs, all quite a nice quality, pretty inexpensively priced. Their range of makeup is astounding, and they've got all the knick knacks you might possibly need for any outfit. I'm sure if you had a particular idea but possibly weren't sure how to execute, all you had to do would be ask your salesperson and they'd direct you and give you ideas. Since I plan to cosplay for a con again next year, I'd imagine I'll be in to get a wig and other accoutrements. The interwebs is good and all, but there's something to be said for being able to go to a store and see, right there, what is available. Plus I think I might need green lipstick.
4	Gosh. I love this place so. damn. much! It really is an awesome place to go if you're downtown for whatever reason (or if you're a cosplayer like me) Seriously, they've got wigs of every kind, color, quality, shape... The list goes on! In fact, I'm wearing the wig I bought as we speak. The only problem I had was that the salespeople (or at least the one I checked out with) was a little, well, blah. She was obviously tired and it took away from the experience a little, but I'm still happy because she was still helpful. But, I just have to say, even if you're not planning on buying anything, you should still walk in and check out the big costume heads lined up on the wall.
5	I had a wonderful experience renting a rabbit costume that I needed for a day for work. Very friendly employees and a wonderful experience. Thank you to everyone at Easley's.
5	I find it almost impossible to believe that there's a better place in the valley to get costumes or costume accessories.  I'm talking about selection / quantity / price / service / organization - it would take a miracle to beat these guys.  It's a bit of a drive from Chandler, but I will be doing all my Halloween / costume shopping here from now on.  Bravo!!
4	Ok, not the cleanest place ever but it is Phoenix. Still, lots of party supplies, costumes and the quirky unexpected things that you can't find anywhere else. Pretty organized inside. They have areas arranged by them so it makes stuff easy to find. I went there for a Mardi Gras party and they had plenty of decorations, beads etc. I have found noisemakers for NYE and even novelty items. The staff is helpful when you are looking for something specific. They seem to enjoy the fun atmosphere and are friendly. It's a big place and it's been there a long time! I guess if you need to find "fun" stuff, you know where to go!
1	i wish we could choose to rate them zero stars... the employees at easley's are the most rudest people i have ever encountered in my life. they definitely don't even deserve 1 star. i will never shop here again even if its the last costume store open around halloween. let me go ahead and tell you a little bit about what actually happened. a couple of days ago me and my daughter who is 10 years old went to easleys to pick out a halloween costume... my daughter knew exactly what she wanted to be and also knew what she needed. she asked an employee for help and this employee was very rude to my daughter. she had an attitude with her as if she was just not trying to help at all. i don't know this employees name but she was about 5'3/5'4 and she has very short blonde hair. the things she told my daughter was not professional at all. this employee called my daughter ugly to another employee, not knowing i over heard her say these nasty disrespectful things. i asked her to get her manager. which was also a big mistake. the manager was not even trying to hear my side of the story. she was very rude as well. i decided that filing a complaint with the store owner will not do us any justice. we went home and filed a complaint against the company with "bbb" and we also filed a report with the police yesterday. do not go here!! you will not get the best of customer service. i suggest going to party city, walmart, target, etc.
5	Easley's really is the best you can get in town. I have been to a number of shops, and you are wasting a ton of time at those places....really you are~What to Do~Anytime year round you can stroll in here looking for any combination of costume-wear...like wigs, accessories, actual costumes and rentals. ~The Good~This place is designed to be a one-stop shop, and believe me when I say they are just that. Plus its local, how can you beat a well-run local retailer? They have everything. I mean...everything. I went as Brick this year for H-Ween, and Great Odens Raven, they had a trident! The hair product to change my hair black worked like a charm, and in previous years each time i needed a small item, they had exactly what I needed. Its a treasure trove of awesomeness peeps. DO NOT go to a cookie-cutter shop when you can find the costume you are looking for, and in many cases numerous versions of said costume.~The Bad~Because its so popular, things rarely run out...but it will happen, this place is popular. So being popular, you have to come during non-peak times of the year to get what you want....just come prepared and early for H-Ween!! The parking lot is small, so that's another negative come H-Ween time. The staff are running everywhere during peak season, so do not expect amazing availability of reps. They also at times can be a bit short...Its not ultra-alarming, I'll gauge this as I continue to shop here. I'll update if it becomes a continuous issue. ~The Down Low~This is the best shop in town, so no need to explain their rating, they get 5 stars across the board. No costume shop in the valley is year round and stocked as full as Easley's. Come down for virtually anything and they'll have it...bank on it.
4	this is the place to go if you've procrastinated on a costume. they have a ton of stuff and they rotate in seasonal things. the employees are eccentric and fun.  there are costumes for rent and to purchase.  the only thing is the costumes are a bit pricey (which is why I recommend it for procrastinators).  if you are able to plan ahead, you'd get a much better value shopping online.
5	Shop local! Costumes! Gags! Props! Wigs! Love it! I needed help with props, mustache, and wig for a Sonny Bono 60s gig. Easley's had what I needed. There is an AMAZING amount of stuff in one place!
1	Like the shop but the EMPLOYES ARE THE MOST RUDEST PEOPLE EVER!! My two friends and I were were shopping for costumes for an upcoming ASU costume party. We didn't have anything specific in mind so we were browsing and trying on everything that interest us and sending our pictures with the costumes on to our other friends for their approval (you know, to see if they think we look good in it or not). We were having fun and enjoying our first visit there since we come all the way from Tempe and there's no shops like this there (Tempe). Suddenly, a floors rep approaches us and tells us that if we weren't going to buy anything and just take pictures, to pretty much leave, and to not try on stuff if we weren't going to buy it. My friends and I thought that was extremely rude and unprofessional. Is this the way your store treats college students? She (the floor rep) turned the whole fun shop first experience to lame shop. We will definitely not come back again nor recommend this store to anyone.
5	I was a little embarrassed to come into a costume shop... I'm a diehard Trekkie and I have wanted a TNG uniform since I was a little kid. I finally broke down and indulged my fantasy. I was expecting weird looks, but the staff here were so awesome and took such good care of me that I was able to model my Next Generation science officer's uniform without shame! At the end of it, the owner disappeared into the back and came out with a die cast Star Fleet communicator which she gave me free of charge! Talk about making my day :)Watch out comicon!
5	I was a little embarrassed to come into a costume shop... I'm a diehard Trekkie and I have wanted a TNG uniform since I was a little kid. I finally broke down and indulged my fantasy. I was expecting weird looks, but the staff here were so awesome and took such good care of me that I was able to model my Next Generation science officer's uniform without shame! At the end of it, the owner disappeared into the back and came out with a die cast Star Fleet communicator which she gave me free of charge! Talk about making my day :)Watch out comicon!
1	The customer service is the worst.. They all walk around in imaginary demon costumes because that's what they act like . Ashley Easley or at least that's what she tells customers is the most rudest person ever. It amazes me how they are still in business. I am a makeup artist and I work with a lot of other makeup artists in the industry which isn't very big in Arizona and I will make sure to let them know to stay 6000000 feet away from Easley's Dumb Shop! Thanks for nothing monsters of customer service you guys SUCK!
1	I would give this place ZERO stars if I could. I drove all the way from the west side of town (45 min drive) to rent a costume for my daughters birthday from them for the next day. I was told on the phone it was $50 and they needed to keep credit card #. When I get there I was told that to be able to take it home I needed a major credit card and not a  VISA debit. My husband and I own a reputable business in the area and had a Visa Debit card with my name and the business name. One worker said they just needed approval from the manager but it should be OK, they do it all the time. So they called her and she said "NO" but would come down and speak to me. The employee warned me that she was "VERY MEAN" and to get ready and she was sorry in advance. As the manager approached me she had her arms out as if ready for a fight. She was rude, saying that she wouldn't take anything else. So I offered to call my husband with his major credit card information or if we could fill something out online or if I could have her take $300 from my visa debit to hold until we returned it. She said she needed to see my husband in person to take his card. I said she could call our business.( as he was at work and was an hour away)Then I said I would give her $500 deposit because I really needed this costume and I would pay them $100 to rent it (double than they asked) This costume was not worth more than $40 BTW.  She kept laughing in my face and saying NO NO NO NO NO. Then she grabs the costume off the counter and say's "I"ll keep this back by me", as if I was going to steel it or something. Anytime I questioned what she was saying she would say "just get out, just get out now, you can't have this costume". Then there was this tall big guy that sat down behind me like a "bouncer" and they kept smirking at each other. She said she was going to call the owner. The owner came down and the first thing she said was "IM VERY BUSY, I'm rerouting a router and this is taking up my time coming to talk to you" then she looks behind me (not letting me say a word) and the manager (short blonde haired girl) must have said something to her and the owner says "she wants to rent THAT costume, NO, leave" and turns around and walks away. I said I have purchased from her before and she would be losing a customer and she said (while waving behind her head, walking away) "I DON'T CARE!!!! BYE, LEAVE MY STORE NOW" As I walked out, they said "and NEVER come back" while laughing to each other. The short blonde haired girl and the guy. Totally unprofessional , rude, unaccommodating, and aggressive. Don't give those people your money, they have ZERO respect for you as their customer.
1	Yes, this is a local institution and a place to get costumes year-round. And yes, the customer service is terrible. Not sure why it's self-deemed a "fun shop" with grumpy, rude employees who are be better suited for work at the Maricopa County Jail. With sub-culture costuming bubbling up to pop culture status, a competitor offering a more welcoming experience could give this high margin business a run for their money. Until then, there's always the internet, or better yet, just make your own stuff.
5	I've been shopping at Easley's for about four years now and I love it!!! not only do they have everything I need for my costumes, it is also a fun and exciting place to shop. I feel like it's a sort of Disneyland for adults! I came here with my Mom since we are both attending my niece's costume themed wedding. the staff were very helpful and seemed to really enjoy themselves and their job. they helped my mom find the perfect Witch of Oz costume and helped me with my Marilyn Monroe costume.  not only do they have  all the costumes you could want and need - but all the accessories you could even think of. brooms, hats, jewelry, headpieces - right down the witch-buckles that attach to the end of your shoe! great, great fun. thanks Easley's :)
5	I don't know what people are talking about when they say this place has horrible customer service. I was warmly greeted as soon as I walked into the store and invited to check out all their fun costumes and make up. I went in with a mission to buy a make up kit and encountered an employee (Iris) who was super helpful and even helped me match my foundation. They were out of the kit I needed but Iris took down my information and a week later called to let me know they had received it. I stopped by to pick it up and she remembered me! Great customer service and overall super fun shop! I will definitely be returning especially since they carry so much of the Ben Nye brand!
1	I don't know how this place has stayed in business so long...they are so rude....they act like their crappy rentals are gold and "EVERYONE" is going to steal them.They want a "major" Credit Card before you can rent anything. My husband and I are Debt Free we use cash or our debit cards for everything. I can get a rental Car easier than rent a $40 costume...that's pretty sad.Don't bother with this awful business the internet and Party City are better
1	They are HORRIBLE, AWFUL business people and I am officially boycotting them and here's why....a friend of mine, her 1 yr old son and I paid a visit to thier shop a while back and I purchased several items totalling more than $250 and when we were done, we walked next door to have lunch at Zoe's. We thought nothing of it as we had patronized thier establishment and were the ONLY 2 customers and the only 2 cars in the parking lot. That's it! Plenty of other spaces! Not even halfway through our meal the owner of Easley's shop came over and told us we need to move our vehicles. Confused and annoyed by this, I asked why and he said "because you can't just leave your car here and go somewhere else." When I reminded him that I had just patronized his business and spent over $250 and that there were NO other cars in the parking lot, he responded very rudely with "I don't care! Get your vehicles off my property!"At which point I informed him that his sign stated "Parking for Easley's customers only" and that I was, in fact, an Easley's customer & showed him my receipt. After spending $250 on THAT trip alone, I was not about to move my car 18 feet. And there were NO other customers in his parking lot!!! So as we were finishing our lunch somebody else comes over and tells us that they are calling the police on us and they're going to tow our cars. Meanwhile my friend's young son needed his diaper changed so as I'm explaining to this cantankerous old man how we have done NO harm, spent a lot of money in HIS shop and that we were the ONLY customers he had in the whole 90 minutes we had been there AND had lunch, she (my friend) decides to change her son in the back of the truck. keep in mind it's July, HOT as hell outside and as the one-year-old is crying & fussing and his mother is struggling to change his diaper, this old man, and now 2 other employees, decide to come yelling and threatening us "Get the %#$ off my property! I'm calling the police! You're going to get arrested!"Totally, utterly, absolutely unnecessary! I asked him if this is how he treats all his paying customers and how we possibly deserved THIS treatment his response to me was "I don't care how much you spent! Get off my property! Don't ever come back to my shop!"I WON'T ever be back and I want everyone to boycott this rude, nasty old man and his raggedy, ghetto shop because they clearly do NOT appreciate or value thier PAYING customers. Rude, hideous, foul, unprofessional people! Mardi Gras Costume shop has way better merchandise and has ALWAYS been very kind and professional. I recommend them for your Halloween or costuming supplies.
5	Easley's gave me a discount on costume rentals for my school's play. If not for that, we wouldn't have been able to get costumes for all of our actors. THANK YOU!
1	I wish I could not leave a star at all. I went here on Halloween and they closed 2 hours before their normal closing time. They did not update their phone system when I called in advance to check their hours & the line was busy. An employee/manager was at the door and was so ridiculously rude when I walked up saying I should not procrastinate - what costume store says that at their busiest time of year. I would NEVER shop here EVER.
5	When I first started doing drag shows (8 years ago), this place had amazing amounts of facial hair to chose from, some obviously fake and comical, and some realistic looking stuff as well. I like a variety of facial hair so this was a perfect one-stop shop. I've been coming here ever since!Recently I went looking for some accessories etc. for a masquerade-themed NYE party I'm going to. While they didn't have everything I wanted per se, they also didn't disappoint; I got a cheap but sturdy top hat to decorate and a cane I plan to bling up as well. Wish they had more cane options as well as top hats, but their space is limited and I get that.One downside: they're closed Sundays. They really need to open up on Sundays if they limit their hours to 10-6 daily all other days (the hours listed are Yelp are currently incorrect).
