5	Dr. Cohen came as a recommendation from my son's pediatrician.  He is EXCELLENT with kids.  My son (33 months) has been to the dentist twice now and loves it.  He's had his teeth cleaned, examined, xrays and flouride treatment without so much as a peep.  In fact, he likes going to the dentist. How many kids actually like going to the dentist?Dr. Cohen is wonderful, as is his entire staff.  The office is clean, with a movie room and plenty of books.  They even give kids sunglasses to wear so that the bright overhead light doesn't blind them :o)If you are in the N. Scottsdale area and are looking for a good pediatric dentist, I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Cohen!
5	My daughter has been going to Dr. Cohen since 2008. He has an excellent staff that is genuinely interested in working with children and sincere towards children's comfort and treatment. Dr Cohen has a very caring demeanor, is upfront and honest and doesn't recommend unnecessary procedures. Recently, my daughter had a dental emergency which required immediate attention. When I called the front desk, they made time to immediately take her in. By the time I arrived at the clinic, the dental assistant was waiting in the lobby for my daughter to start evaluation and treatment. Overall, they did everything as best and detailed as possible to assess her condition. I would definitely recommend to any parent who is looking for a pediatric dentist to consider Dr. Cohen.
5	This dentist is SPECIAL!  ALL of the staff were very kind and upbeat and the facility is ideal.  My four year old son had his first x-rays taken w/o any problem and had his teeth cleaned by Jo.  Dr Cohen & Jo were so kind by using such caring, sweet words and being gentle-especially while scraping the plaque off his bottom front teeth.  It was done in such a patient manor that he didn't even complain.  The TVs and sunglasses were great.   Dr Cohen has more MD(medical) knoweldge about children than any other dentist I have known.  Dr Cohen spoke with my son which resulted in a serial thumb-sucker never puting his thumb back in his mouth.  Priceless!  Many Thanks!Our son asks nearly on a daily basis if he can go back to the dentist.  I think he wants to talk with Dr Cohen about not sucking his thumb anymore.
1	I have never met a pediatric specialist who is utterly unable to interact with both children and parents. He is condescending to his office staff and has the one of the highest turnover of staff in the valley.  He told my 6 year old she needs to go find another dentist if she doesn't look him in the eye and that he won't be able to have a relationship with her if she doesn't answer his questions. He similarly treated my 4 and 3 year old and kept calling me mom.  Needless to say, he does a lot of xray and does not thoroughly examine the actual children.Do not go there. You will regret it and you might take longer after to take your children to a dentist again, which is what happened to us. I am writing this review 12 months after our visit there. I wanted to make sure that I still felt the same way after some time.I can only say good things about the people in his office. Who I am sure are by now not there anymore.
1	Do not go here. The positive reviews must have been written by the dentist himself or his family. The previous reviewer is absolutely right about his interaction with children and adults. I was appalled how he treated our children.
