3	To get the right feel for this place, think TGI Fridays meets your typical sports bar.  On a Tuesday afternoon this place was fairly crowded with the undergrad crowd from UNC.  There are plenty of big screen tvs showing sports which can be viewed from almost every seat in the place.  There is an outdoor section which overlooks the stream.  It seems nice but the geese might make it a little more trouble than it is worth.  The food is what you would expect from a sports bar.  The portions are huge.  Don't be afraid to select the half-orders, you will receive plenty of food.  The staff is very friendly in a Southern charm sort of way.  Be careful walking in because they serve peanuts in the shell in baskets to each table.  The custom is to chuck the peanut shells onto the floor while a staff member pushes a broom around the establishment.  Oh yeah, be warned this isn't California.  I looked at this rectangular object on the table and it actually took me a minute to mentally register that it was an ashtray.  People smoke still inside restaurants here.
4	I have always been a fan of Boardwalk Billy's to start out the night.I don't feel like it's a very good all night place but they do have a cheap special if you want to stay in the area.Awesome wings, fantastic crap queso dip.  They also have some good pasta dishes or a regular burger.  Lunch special always 6 bucks which is a great deal!They also just started serving Landshark which was fabulous so get a Landshark, some wings, sit outside and enjoy the breeze.
5	I love this place. Tons of fun and good food. I love the laid-back atmosphere there. I also enjoy the good drink specials especially on college nights. I would go there almost every week to hang out with my neighbors and have a blast.I love the fact that it is on the little lagoon there. It makes me feel like I am actually on a boardwalk having a nice lunch/dinner. The low country boil is my favorite dish there. It is good hearty food, but healthy. LOVE this place.
4	I used to go to Boardwalk Billy's at least once a week when I worked in the area. They have a large list of  $5.00 lunch special's. They're cheeseburgers are the best! They little brownie dessert is just enough to satisfy that sweet craving.There is also a nice view of the lake outside of the restaurant.I've never been for dinner, but if the lunch is any indication of what dinner is like. You can't go wrong! :)
3	Boardwalk Billy's isn't bad for what it is, and it's a decent little bar that's not too far from my house. It's nice and big on the inside as well, which makes it easy to accommodate a large group.The foods are nice and fried and greasy, kind of standard bar fare with an emphasis on seafood. The crowd tends to be a little older most nights, which helps keep it a little more subdued. It's kind of like a college bar for the 25+ crowd. It's a good alternative to a lot of the other chains in the Sardis area, and there are always good specials, especially for lunch.
3	I love the Boardwalk Billy's by Matthews, but this University one was a bit dingy and worn (like an old pair of socks) the last time I was there.  It was early in the evening on a weekend before the weekend crowds started to get there.  The sun was still out, so I was able to see everything in the restaurant as light poured in from the big glass windows.  Everything felt so dirty from the floor to the table to the sticky menu.  Maybe I just caught them on a bad night, but I haven't been back since.  The food was just as good as the Matthews one, and I still love the peanuts in the shell on the table, but I was a little afraid of where they'd been after seeing the rest of the restaurant in disarray.  The University Boardwalk Billy's has great prices and a prime location on the mini lake with a lot of great outdoor seating, so I hope they'll -- literally -- clean up their act.
2	I'm a sucker for the little lake in University Place.  It almost always ends up being cold - or at least breezy - when I'm there, but it's just a nice feature.  And looking out of the windows at Billy's to see the lake is just cool.  It will never be Boardwalk at the Beach or anything, but it's just nice, and that gives them a leg up.When I sat down and looked over the menu, I had a heck of a time figuring out what I wanted to eat.  That's a bad sign, because I love to eat.  I can almost always find something that I want, so when nothing appeals to me, it means that I'm not in the mood to eat.I ended up ordering some kind of burger and I ate it.  It left absolutely no impression on me.  That's almost worse than leaving a bad impression.  The staff was equally bad - or at least as uncaring.  It was just a so-so meal.  I really have no desire to go back.
4	We went to Boardwalk Billy's for lunch yesterday!  We sat outside on the patio overlooking the lake.  It was a beautiful day and we were warmly greeted upon arrival and seated quickly.  Our waiter was great too!  I  ordered the tilapia sandwich (okay I cheated and ordered the fried for once) and the coleslaw.  It rocked! My husband ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and fried green tomatos.  His was pretty darn good too! I am not a fried green tomato fan so I won't go there, but he seemed to like them.  Anyway, we really enjoyed it -- I did notice when going in to use the restroom that the inside of the restaurant smelled pretty heavy of smoke but I am sure they get a party crowd in there on the weekends.  But as far as having a great lunch with a relaxing view we really enjoyed Boardwalk Billy's on the whole
3	I hadn't been back here for a while and last night was a perfect occassion. It was late and we were looking for a casual place to have a drink. Billys is in a great location, but isn't anything special. It's just a fun spot to have drinks and be merry with friends. On Monday, they had $4 washington apple shots, and $2 domestics. Sat at the patio until about 1am and it was a gorgeous evening, morning.
3	A cool place to get a beer, right on the lake.  The food is marginal at best.  Drink specials daily.  As of recently they have added a lot of microbrews to their selection.  May make it a 4 star, but not convinced yet.
4	I didn't have very high expectations with the name, nor the decor, however after leaving the place we were like, that really wasn't bad.  They seem to many specials, and many drink specials.  So many drink specials it becomes rather confusing. I really liked the chili nachos.  The peanuts at the tables were a nice addition too, addictive though.  We didn't eat here, but we might go back for drinks again in the future.
5	Had the 12 Oyster plate.  Were so good had to order 6 more.  Best oysters I've ever had in my life.  Wife had the coconut shrimp and they also were most excellent.  Service was great and had a great table overlooking the lake.  What I like about this place is that the tables are not jammed up against each other like in so many restaurants.  Plenty of room.    so excellent  food, service and reasonable prices.  5 Stars for Boardwalk Billies
5	What can I say that will begin to pay homage to the feelings I have in my heart for the bar that raised me from a novice drinker to the raging alcoholic I am today?  I love you Boardwalk Billy's, and I'm not ashamed to share my Top 7.5 reasons why:1. If I've had a bad day, I can always count on killer drink specials to enchant my evening.  2. Crab Con Queso.  I'm salivating at the thought.3. There's always an interesting mix of people gathered at the bar, mostly mouthy, but usually very friendly.4. The atmospheric conditions are always favorable to me drinking A LOT of beer, especially on the patio. 5. I've hosted baby showers, going away parties, birthdays, etc. in the private room overlooking the lake. Beautiful setting.6. Ian and Sasha, two of the best bartenders in the city.7. If you're a single lady, you'll love the ratio.7.5 Hello, Beautiful College Boys....
4	If I based the review on the oysters, beer selection, and service I would be giving a 5. The oysters were great, somehow they were some of the best oysters I have had. However the ultimate steam pot was a little disapointing, small amount of crab legs and only a handfull of shrimp and mussels but a ton of potatoes. But it was only $16.99. I had 2 beers a dozen oysters and the steam pot for $41, not bad at all.7/13/2010  Visited again today for a dozen oysters. Some how they were better than yesterday. Today they were huge and outstanding.
5	This is one of my two favorite Bar & Grills in Charlotte. The food and menu are perfect! A great lake front setting. Lots of TVs, a juke box, a full bar. What more could a man ask for. I go usually once a week. Check the coupon clipper for a free entree or appetizer coupon.
3	Eaten here a couple of times now.  The location is great... it's tucked away from the road, but it's worth it since its out on the pond.  Makes for some nice ambiance when you are eating... I'm sure it's especially cool to eat here outside next to the water on a nice summer night.Decent lunch specials that include your drink (soda or sweet tea) so you don't have to have your food with a water if you don't want to.The menu has your normal bar food, but has some seafood options as well.  There are also peanuts that you can munch on while waiting for your order.  Watch out though... people like to throw the shells on the floor instead of the empty basket on the table... go figure~!
4	This place is right around the corner from my sister's place so both of the past 2 times I've visited we've stopped in.  Apparently it's a great local spot!  Lunch there in the spring was good.  I had a fish sandwich and we enjoyed sitting outside near the boardwalk.  What a nice feature!  Good service, good food, and good times.  Someone else tried the fried pickles and someone else enjoyed the fries.  Last weekend my sister, Mom, and some friends stopped by for late night drinks and snacks.  Great drink specials!  I enjoyed $6 Grey Goose and Cran drinks and the others enjoyed a few beer specials.  Mom ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and subbed steamed veggies for fries.  Not bad for 10pm!  I ordered 6 steamed oysters.  $7.99 was definitely steep for me in terms of pricing, but I really wanted them and thankfully they didn't disappoint!  Others ordered sandwiches with fries and all said the fries were terrible -- my sister's were barely cooked....so no-go on those.  Sad.  Service was good though.  We never felt "abandoned" as you do in some bars, but were taken care of very well.  Open mic night was also going on which we enjoyed.  We'll probably hit it up again next time we're in town since my sis and her friends enjoy it so much.
3	Good lunch choice in University. Not a fan of the place at night since they moved into the larger storefront. Once past the dinner hour, it's kiddie-city...and I am not a fan of partying with college kids. Soooo..it's lunch or early dinner for me at this place!!!
3	This Boardwalk Billy's is perched over a little pond with ducks.  It kind of feels like you have been transported to Florida.  It is located within a nice shopping area north of Charlotte (near UNCC).  The food is standard bar fare with a definite leaning towards seafood.  I had the fish tacos with mango salsa and they were delicious.  They have drink specials every night of the week and tap beers are affordable every day ($3 for Yuengling).  They seem to have a regular line up of live music.  It feels like a good spot to grab a few drinks, an affordable meal, and relax for a while.  The wait staff was all female (from what I could tell) and super sweet - referring to me as "honey."  The crowd is diverse - a mix of ages and ethnicities.  Nothing too special about the place (besides the pond) but still a solid option!
5	Boardwalk Billy's while a popular college bar during the evenings is a staple of area work lunch venues. Though they have a variety of fried options, a good burger, and my coworker swears by the Buffalo Chicken Wrap (with Frank's Hot Sauce, Fries, and 2 orders of blue cheese dressing), what will surprise you here is the variety of their healthy options. Instead of fries, swap out for steamed vegetables! They have a ground turkey burger and what is quickly becoming my favorite is their grilled chicken salad with Mandarin oranges, candied walnuts and dried cranberries.The atmosphere is very laid back with staff in shorts & peanuts in baskets at each table shelled to the floor. On spring days the patio outback is perfect for the mid afternoon office escape.
5	This is a great local bar with a cool atmosphere along the boardwalk and the pond. Our server was excellent, very friendly and attentive. I had the fish tacos. They were awesome! I will definitely be back.
3	They serve peanuts and have everyone throw the shells on the floor - that says it all about this place. The dirty floor bothered me but I guess that's part of the "charm" (i.e. college kids can screw this place up and no one cares because it's crappy anyway!). I had a carribean jerk chicken sandwich and it was good - there was no spice to it, but it was more flavor that I was expecting! My mom got the pimento cheese burger with fried green tomatoes on the side and it was OK ("but it's no Pinky's pimento!" - Mom), too. There are a good amount of TV's here and a view of the pond, so that's a plus to the locale, but the parking lot was packed at 2pm on a Friday, so parking at night or the weekends might not be a boardwalk in the park (har har har).The food is OK, the service is OK, the location is OK. So the theme of Boardwalk Billys? OK, ok ok ok ok OKKKKKK, Oh-kay!
3	this place gets packed at night on any day. they actually charge you to get in. lol. didn't try any food just got some drinks. their drink specials are pretty good.
3	Cool spot sitting right above the water outside people watching. Seafood tasted frozed and not fresh never a good look for a seafood spot. Bikers were in the way of the service staff slowed service down a lot. Might return for lunch
2	The food here isn't bad but it isn't fantastic.  It suffices for typical bar grub.  I do like that they have vegetarian options that are not on the menu for those that are non-meat eaters.  The other plus is the free, and plentiful peanuts.  Of course, as the night goes on, the floor is covered in shells.I'm not a fan of the bar atmosphere here.  The music is hit or miss.  The DJ/Band sets up near the the back and has a makeshift (small) dance floor.  The music genre on the nights I've been there  is highly variable.  Cover bands, metal/rock to top 40.  The drinks are not very strong but on certain weekday they have some pretty unbeatable bottle/well specials.  The patio on good weather nights is also a definite plus.  Parking during the day is not a problem but on Friday/Saturday night the lot competes with the Wine Vault and Bad Dog.  Not a place I like to frequent, but I wouldn't be totally miserable if it became part of my unplanned night out.
4	I first tried Boardwalk Billy's with a client who requested we go there because he liked to watch the ducks... I had a grilled chicken salad and he had the low country boil. The salad was a salad, but the boil looked great and the sample I had was delish! It was a MOUND of food, seriously. Probably a legitimate 2 pounds of corn, potatoes, sausage and shrimp with a dusting of an Old Bay type seasoning. After this experience, I decided I should go back when I could eat like a cow and really try the place on for size! The BF and I returned on the following Saturday. We were able to get a table outside and were ready for the real trial. The service was slightly above average and the beers were cold. I got the pork plate and he got the pork and ribs. It was so good. The pork was tender and melt-in-your-mouth good and the ribs were literally falling off the bone. The sides weren't anything remarkable, but were definitely good. The ambiance is great and the food is pretty good. All in all, a good place to check out if you're in the area.
2	There isn't to appeal to me in this place.  It's obviously a college kid hangout bar: it's super-loud, dirty, disorganized, slow on the service, and yet not cheap.  The food, I'll say, is surprisingly good...especially if you're comparing it to other bar food.  The fries and BBQ sauce are especially good, but each of the times I've come here I couldn't have a conversation with the person sitting next to me because the music has been to loud and the crowd trying to rise above an already deafening noise level.  Probably good for people who like to silently stare at each other and get drunk, and good for a bite to eat if you can sit outside, but otherwise the food doesn't compensate for the bad environment...at least for me.
3	OK wings. Great selections in hot sauces. Good cold beer. Great place to watch sports. They need new TVs.
2	Ah, Boardwalk...how you've changed.Used to go here all the time. Then, they moved from the little hole-in-the-wall storefront to the big, impressive one diagonally across the walk. And they suffered. Had friends down from NY who *always* went there during race week, and they will never go back. Gave it some time, went for lunch during school, and liked it once again. Went Monday night after my 2nd shift, and it was AWFUL. You know it's been a bad experience when the best part was the bouncer checking your ID. The Hostess wasn't at the door and we waited....and waited....and waited. The server on the floor was too absorbed in breathing to acknowledge our presense, even when addressed. In 4 words, she blew us off. Soooo... off we went to the bar. The bartenders were very nice; the bar was very dirty where we sat. For a place with less than 12 patrons, it was ridiculously loud. But... no hostess meant we sat at the bar. Did I mention the server that blew us off? She had tables come in AFTER we sat at the bar, so, no, she wasn't closing the dining room or going off duty, both of which we considered.Food was OK, not in the rave category. He had a blackened chicken pita, and I had the coconut shrimp. I think mine was better than his, but...His came with regular fries, and I asked for sweet potato fries- both were cooked correctly, but ruined by way too much salt. Way.Too.Much. Orange sauce was thin, but tasty. My disappointment stems from the buildup I gave my guy on the way to the restaurant. He'd have been happy with The Wine Vault, but I insisted that he'd like the food and atmosphere at the Boardwalk better. My mistake.
1	crappy customer service, drinks suck had to pay $5.00 to get in because it was saturday night and the live band didnt show up....
4	love the steamed oysters...one complaint...is it possible to find some more neutral music?....the speakers are blaring that horrible alt country crap and you got 50% of your clientele that probably ain't into that kind of ridiculous music (if you catch my drift) maybe you could play some uptempo blues music by both black and white musicians....um also, could the hostess's shorts get any shorter?....she's a pretty girl but i am uncomfortable with someone's vagina being in such close proximity to my food....and besides, technically she isn't even working directly for tips (she is tipped out, i'm assuming) so in reality she just looks slutty and cheap for no justifiable reason.on a nostalgic note: i miss billys in the old location and i miss slug's at university, which is the restaurant that used to be in the location were billys is now :( thanksps: sorry for mentioning vaginas and oysters in the same review.
2	I am from LA and this place be ghetto! The drink specials are cool, but the food is whatever's. I had crab cakes and steamed shrimp for dinner. I could have taken the food out of frozen box, and served it myself.
3	Truly a University Area Classic...I've been coming to Boardwalk Billy's (or B-Dub's or B-Walks) for years, and its good to know that this place has lasted long enough to become a must for any UNCC student looking for a good time.PROS:  *Above average bar food. The chicken tenders are awesome!  *Great drink specials almost every night of the week.  *Plenty of outdoor seating available, with splendid views overlooking the pond/lake.  *Service is very friendly, and willing and able to chat it up with you if you like.  *Free, all you can eat PEANUTS!CONS:  *Parking can be tight, esp on Thursday nights.  *Usually there is a $5-$10 cover on Saturday nights.  They say it's because they usually have a band playing on Saturday nights.  Screen game is well below par, and not good for watching big sporting events.  *Also they don't carry any fights or special packages such as MLB or Sunday ticket.  NEUTRALS:  *HEAVY COP presence throughout the parking lot.  *Strong UNCC/college presence on most nights.  *Bar can be tight on their bigger nights.Boardwalk's is a must if you are looking for local flavor within the University Area.  However, if you are not in the University Area, don't make any specials trips to go to the University Area just for B-Walks.
4	Laid back atmosphere. Staff is very friendly. Great drink specials! Food is good, my personal favorites are crab queso, shrimp tacos, Boardwalk salad, and the smoking section is so delicious my mouth is watering now just thinking about it. I've been several times and never been disappointed. Almost everything they make is homemade from the desserts to the dressings, even the BBQ sauces that sit on the table. If your visiting Charlotte this place is a must visit! Ps the beer selection is huge and very diverse, my personal favorite is big boss high roller.
3	Under the Boardwalk we'll be having some FUN! Under the Boardwalk.. BOARDWALK !   Boardwalk Billy's truly has become a staple in the University area, as well as on the UNC Charlotte scene. The laid back atmosphere and sociable staff always make my trips to Boardwalks the most enjoyable. The restaurant and bar space is extremely functional. There's ample space to move about and people watch as you grab a bite to eat or a quick drink with friends. Speaking of food while you're here do yourself a flavor and try the Buffalo Wings. Your tummy and taste buds will thank you. And if you so happen to have a taste for a spirited drink, Boardwalk's has daily drink specials. My favorite special is the Thursday night special. You and your friends can enjoy "$2 U Call Its" while listening to some upbeat mixes from the house DJ. And if you're lucky, you and your friends might catch a glimpse of the local "smooth criminal"  (a Michael Jackson impressionist). And what could be more fun than great food, good drinks, and a show?!  So grab some friends and make your way to Boardwalk Billy's for some food and fun.
2	First time here so my thoughts may chance if I do come again. I came here with the wife to check this place out Since we were in the area. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the fried green tomatoes. The sandwich was satisfactory with a very Carolina style BBQ sauce. If you don't know what that means, it has heavy vinegar notes. The fried green tomatoes sucked. They were the equivalent to ordering the onion rings from BK Lounge. My wife ordered the 1/2 chicken which was good and again like me made the mistake of getting the tomatoes. If we do come back it will probably be purely be for drinking.As far as wait staff I give them a C+
5	One of the best "bar" style restaurants that I had ever been to. The large dining area and two patios by the water make this a great restaurant to visit during the spring and summer times. The menu is large and very diverse with everything ranging from your typical bar food items to Raw Bar and Smoked selections. I love the steam pot myself. Service is great, friendly and knowledgeable. I agree with other reviews that parking can be kinda a pain, but if you can deal with it, it's definitely worth it. Definitely give it a try!
2	The best thing on this menu is the hot peel and eat shrimp. The service here is horrendous! It seems that the wait staff receives no training. I've been here a few times and it's always the same. The staff runs around like a chicken with their heads cut off. The food is standard bbq fare and that about it. Expect to wait a while before you get your drinks and food.
4	During my UNCC days Boardwalks was definitely the local watering hole.  I have recently revisited this past Sunday.  Staff is still friendly, food is good.  I was pleased to see they added fried pickles, which I did not remember from before.  Beer was cold and has a good atmosphere being right by the water.  This place is great, I would not go there at night with the college crowd.
4	I love the food here. Wings are great, as are the burgers. Service is usually very good, even when busy.They have a decent number of TVs for sports viewing, and this can be a pretty loud joint during football season or other major events. They also have a nice outdoor deck area on the 'water' (of the man-made pond), which is perfect for spring/fall...not so much in the summer unless you love the heat!
4	This is going to be a not so typical review, since I'm equally reviewing the wonderful city of Charlotte as well as this food joint. I'm an out of towner and was up here a whole Sunday with a friend meeting other friends and participating in Warrior Dash. I spent the better part of 4 hours driving up here from Atlanta for the race and ended up staying several hours afterwards just enjoying what Charlotte had to offer in the little time I had up there. There is just something laid back and homely feeling about Charlotte when comparing to Atlanta. I like how in Charlotte people seem to relax more and try to savor life more without taking themselves too seriously. Having lived in Atlanta for over two decades, I can tell you down here folks just seem to constantly be on the move, never quite slowing down to smell the proverbial roses.All that said, Boardwalk Billy's and just the whole area of Boardwalk, I think, really personifies the laid back nature of Charlotte. I was totally impressed by our waitress. She treated us more like old friends despite not knowing any of us. Even joked around a bit and just made it look like she loved what she did, which is something a lot of waiters and waitresses would do well in learning how to do. The key to getting great tips is striving to make the customers have an enjoyable experience, which she certainly did. As far as food goes, I ordered the crab cake basket with steamed broccoli. I have never in my life had crab cakes as good as from this place, which royally sucks, since I'd have to drive 4+ hours just to get some from Boardwalk Billy's. The crab cakes were fat, decently large, moist, and just oozing with yummy crab goodness. They don't skimp on the crab meat in these cakes, lemme tell ya that much. They are served with a side of remoulade which was also great, but not needed since the crab cakes were so good that you could eat them plain. Also had the opportunity to try something I never imagined I would eat, oysters. I mean look at those things. They just look bloody disgusting. But wow, was my mind blown wide open after the first oyster! I love oysters now.This place is definitely always gonna be a place I will stop by when I'm in Charlotte.
4	The perfect complement to a long day of height-conquering fears, crawls through barbed wire and jumps over flaming coals! lol I suppose I should clarify that we did the Warrior Dash in Huntersville prior to coming to Boardwalk Billy's =POur group consisted of 6 people and the staff was very accommodating. The wait was not long at all! Our waitress was very sweet. She consistently checked on our group despite the busy crowd that typically flocks a Sunday afternoon.I don't normally care for bar food and mainly chose this place for the view. The relaxing lake view is always the perfect ending to a long day. I've been to Boardwalk Billy's a few times, but I tried a different dish this time and was pleasantly surprised. I had Grilled Shrimp Tacos, which is mango BBQ shrimp on flour tortillas. I traded one of my tacos for my friend's Blackened Mahi Taco. I got the shorter end of the stick since the Grilled Shrimp Tacos are SO MUCH BETTER! Should have just kept mine, no tradesies next time! ...jk =P Definitely try them though if you stop by!
5	Boardwalk Billys is our favorite place to eat for two main reasons.  Sadie and Amanda.While the food is very good and the outdoor dining is the best in town, nothing beats being greeted like an old friend and valued customer.  It makes our day when we are greeted by Sadie who always has a big smile and a high energy personality that just lights a person up.  Amanda is awesome as a server.  The glass is never less than half full and she always remembers the little things such as additional bbq sauces for the bbq sandwich.  Barrett is the new GM and we have seen a huge difference in not only the food but also the staff.  We eat there a couple times a week and have always been taken well care of and leave totally relaxed and well fed.
3	My kids love this place.  We have had good luck finding something everyone likes, and that is quite an accomplishment.Its very casual and friendly staff makes you feel at home.I have yet to have a bad meal here.
5	Love this place. I am a regular here and the place always has friendly staff. The food is pretty decent depending on what you get. You can't go wrong with the seafood here. You get a pretty diverse crowd too which makes for good people watching. The patio is nice too when the weather is nice. I highly recommend this place. A++
2	9/17/12-Highlight of the meal was the local beer.  Server brought the wrong app (fried green tomatoes and crab cakes instead of just fried green tomatoes) and after we had already started eating it he showed up with our correct order and demanded that we give him the app. (My companion had already grabbed one of the crab cakes thinking it was a fried green tomato--yes, they were basically the same diameter and general color, just thicker.)   In my opinion you never take something away from the customer that was your mistake and an upgrade.  My concern here is that they are going to turn around and give the crab cake to someone else........In the end, it saved me several hundred calories from a crab cake that was more filler than crab.BBQ chicken 4/5Pulled pork 2/5 (bland and tasted like it was cooked several days ago and reheated for service...maybe even frozen )fried green tomatoes 3/5Fried pickles great novelty but a one time order 4/5crab cake 1/5 my companion only took 2 bites and it definitely wasn't top quality.
4	I came here sometime last week to kill time before going to work. Always passed by this place whenever I'm at this shopping center. Nothing spectacular, but the food I ordered satisfied my taste buds. My waitress was good. They have a good lunch menu overall.
5	I love eating here as it's casual and pretty cheap but still has a great view and good food. Our favorites are the coconut shrimp and mahi tacos. Beware that it is more like a sports bar so it can get pretty loud when there's a game on.
3	My husband and I used to hang out here way back when we went to UNCC (about 1.2 million years ago if you ask my kids). We didn't go for the food then & after our dining experience last night I assume most of their customers feel the same way. The bar scene is lively & they have great drink specials. However, we actually went to eat dinner last night with our kids. The waitress was friendly and attentive. The food was lackluster. My pulled chicken sandwich had 2 bones in it. The fries were greasy & didn't seem very fresh. The kids macaroni was so dry it looked and tasted like it had been sitting under the heat for hours. If we go back here it will be to sit at the bar for drinks.
4	Came here last night as a late night dinner for 4...ended up super satisfied with their seafood! Ordered the Southern Nachos with Pork...the pork had amazing flavor! The rest of the nachos were pretty typical, over salted, over cheesed...but still quite good. My friend ordered the fish and chips; I ordered the fish and chips with shrimp. Shrimp was ok, but the fish was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! It was light and the flavor was amazing! The kids ordered the chicken baskets for kids, nothing amazing but they loved the chicken fingers. :o)  I cannot rave enough about that fish though! I have yet to have fish that light, and flavorful! Service was lacking, but I don't think we had a seasoned waitress either. The service is why it got 4 stars instead of 5. Price was great for what we had. It was $65 for the 4 of us. Not bad at all! Would so go there again and again for that fish!!
4	I put off going to Boardwalk Billy's for a long time. We purchased a Groupon last March, but it didn't expire until this April, so we've been pushing it back in order to use other Groupons that expired sooner. Now with April fast approaching it was finally time to see what ol' Billy had to offer.Boardwalk Billy's is located in that...boardwalk-esque area set up in the University area. It is a nice location being right near the water, and there is plenty of space to wander around in order to walk off your meal and drinks. There were some nice outdoor seating options but it was a tad too chilly to do that, so we ate inside. I was surprised to find there was a fifteen minute wait at 6:00 on a Saturday, simply because this was one of the first times we've had a wait at a restaurant since moving down here. It ended up being shorter, and we were eventually sat.Boardwalk Billy's offers the tableside peanuts so you are encouraged to chuck your shells on the floor. We partook of the nuts (keeping our mess in a neat pile on the table) while perusing the beer menu. There were probably close to twenty beers on draft to choose from, and most were either local or national microbrews, which is always refreshing to see. I went with NoDa's Hope Stout ($4) and the missus had the Big Boss Countess ($4.) After the beer arrived we placed our dinner orders, and it arrived shortly after. The menu is pretty solid, with choices ranging from BBQ to seafood to plain ol' sandwiches and burgers. First thing I want to mention is that Boardwalk Billy's looks like your typical bar/hangout spot. What I didn't expect was to find the food was far better than what you would expect at such a place. I ordered the four bone rack of ribs ($9.99) and they were some of the best I've had down here. The ribs were not heavily sauced so you got more of the smoke and natural pork flavor, which was awesome. There was also a nice "crust" on the exterior of the ribs, and that bark was nice and crispy while the meat underneath was succulent, moist and flavorful. For the sides I ordered a salad ($1.50 upcharge) with balsamic dressing and mac & cheese. The mac & cheese was not the best, but not the worst. The consistency and texture were spot on, but the flavor was a bit lacking and mild. On the other hand, the salad was the star and totally worth the upcharge. This wasn't a cheese side salad...this was a real salad. It comes in a huge bowl and had some mixed greens, diced tomatoes, carrot slices, crispy croutons and...BACON!!!!!! I would never expect to get bacon as a component of a side salad, yet it was there and it was chewy and flavorful and plentiful. They definitely didn't skip with the cured pork and it made the salad totally worth it. The missus ordered the shrimp tacos ($9.99) and they were pretty scrumptious. It came with two big soft shell tacos full of shrimp mango and pico. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the overall flavor was downright tastetacular. As a side she ordered the fried green tomatoes, and these things were crazy good! I don't like tomatoes but I had to try a fried green, and boy am I glad I did. A side comes with four huge slices that are battered and deep fried and served with a tasty sauce. The green tomatoes are so thick and firm that I didn't get that nasty mushy feeling I get from regular tomatoes, and the batter coating was great. The dipping sauce was a touch spicy and complimented the tomato very well. I ended up stealing two of her tomatoes because they were so darn good!Don't let the look of the place fool you...they know how to cook and serve great food. Sure you can come here for a beer and bar grub, but it's done better than your average bar would do it. The BBQ is some of the best I've had in the area, and I'm surprised to find myself valuing their BBQ over other places I've been to that specialize in nothing but the 'Q. If you don't mind the loud noise and crowds I'd definitely recommend giving this place a visit. I definitely know we will be back!
4	You really can't go wrong coming here for happy hour. Decent draft specials. Appetizers are good size and a burger combo with fries and wings or fingers is what I'd consider bargain basement.
3	If you are looking for a wonderful happy hour location, this is your place. They have daily specials and on Thursday, all drafts, bottles and well drinks are all 2 bucks! They always have sports on, and you can request to watch your team (MLB package) which is nice for those of us who moved here from another sports town. I have eaten here 3 times; two out of the 3 times, I got very sick, as did my husband (the only time he joined me). I deduced it was from the over-priced "world famous" spicy crab and cheese dip. I did love their turkey sandwich but it is not enough to get me to eat there again. The crowd is very diverse, which I love, and the service has been better than average.
4	This place always has great food and great drink specials! It caters mostly to the younger crowd, but you can still take your family here for a great meal during earlier hours. The only complaint I have about this place is the peanut shells all over the floor. It grosses me out a bit to step on them as I'm making my way around the bar. Other than the peanut shells this is a great place to have a drink and watch the game with some friends.
4	Billy's ultimate steam pot and oysters are great. It sits right by the water too.
2	Ate here twice, due to its proxinity to the Hilton University.Its location, location, location.  I think they can do a much better job with both food and service. This place has so much potential. If they would only make the effort, I would come back time and time.However, as it stands now, the BBQ is dry.  The burger is ...well..like any burger..Come on Billy.... make better food.. make fresh food..make something unique..
4	Got the B.F.F. (Burgers, Fries, Fingers). It was delicious! Greasy in a good way- yum! The portion was very healthy and I have plenty of leftovers. Service was pretty good. Waitress was super ditzy, but nice. I used the YELP check in coupon and the manager never saw anyone use it before and let my entire table use it toward our bill. Overall a great experience with pretty good food.
2	Been really disappointed the last few times I've been here. The last time I went, a friend and I went for lunch on a Saturday.  The place was dead and we chose to sit on the patio.  When we asked our server what the drink specials were, she said she didn't know and would go check.  She came back and told us Yuengling was on special and there was some sort of frozen drink on special.  I was interested in the frozen drink and asked more about it. She again had to go inside to ask what the frozen drink was.  When I ordered it, she told me that it was $5 (when I got my receipt, it was $6.50, which I let slip because I was ready to go). We finally ordered, and although I made some adjustments to my order, it was nothing complicated (I'm a server myself).  She had a lot of trouble understanding what I was asking for and was clearly hungover. Our food was less than memorable and we had to wait for more time than necessary for our check. I may give the food another try, but I'd definitely request a different server.
1	Very underwhelming experience. Bad service, below average food. The location was great but you would be better off going somewhere else on the boardwalk.
1	The official name of this place is Boardwalk Billy's Raw Bar and Ribs. That is extremely misleading for a BBQ fanatic like me. The ribs were right off the shelf at the local Costco. No smoke flavor. Tough. Very little meat. If the word ribs is in your name, please don't sell me Costco ribs. The brisket was also not good. Extremely fatty, under-cooked, and again, no smoke flavor. I suppose I should have expected this given the bar-like atmosphere, but c'mon. The word RIBS is in your name!
5	When we were in Charlotte we ate at both locations and have to say Boardwalk Billy's had absolutely the BEST raw oysters we ever had!  Hands down!!!  The oysters were fresh, not sandy AND they were "released" from the shell by the person who opened them. That is a big plus to half shell lovers. I had the Mahi Taco which was excellent and my husband had a burger which he really enjoyed.  The atmosphere was fun, very casual and the wait-staff friendly and attentive.  You should really give this restaurant a try even if you aren't into oysters & if you are an oyster lover you owe it to yourself to check this place out!!
3	This is a good place to grab some lunch or have a casual dinner with some beers. One of my favorite parts is the basket of peanuts you can munch on while enjoying your drinks and waiting to order food. My favorite item on the menu is the chicken pita. The pita is soft, the chicken is tender, and the sauce is spicy and flavorful. Overall, it's a nice casual place to eat and drink with decent prices.
4	Great Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap , he crab con queso is amaaaaazing!
4	I absolutely love Boardwalk Billy's. One of my favorite places to go whenever I am in Charlotte. The location is perfect - I usually like sitting by the windows so I can get a great view of the lake. The service here is usually good, I've had a few instances where my waitress forgot about us. But it's alright because the food and atmosphere made it up for me. Everything I've gotten here is good, my favorite dish is the coconut shrimp. It really is unbelievable. A definite must try. The salads are delicious, as well.If you are in the area and want to try something new, come check them out. They're a great place to come with friends and enjoy a nice night out. Enjoy!
3	Stopped here for lunch during a recent visit to Charlotte, based on it's close proximity to Ikea.  I really enjoyed the pulled pork barbeque sandwich with mashed potatoes (and for $5.99 at lunch- it was a steal!).  Hubby wasn't quite as impressed with his meal, he ordered the B.F.W. combo (burger, fries, wings).  Burger was barely lukewarm and they gave him their regular wings instead of their "best in the area" smoked wings, which were just average.  But what we really liked about this place were all of the homemade barbeque sauces they offer with your meal (the sweet & spicy one was fantastic- I wish they'd bottle and sell it).  Service at the bar was friendly but a little slow (hence the almost cold burger), but in their defense it was New Years Day before noon.  I'd like to come back on a warm day and enjoy their waterfront patio.  Even with the less than stellar burger/wings, we definitely wouldn't rule it out when on that side of Charlotte again.  Those sauces can make anything taste good!
4	Boardwalk Billys has been a landmark for me as a UNC Charlotte Alum for quite sometime. Used to come here pretty regularly as a student and the drink specials were always good for a guy trying to scrunge-by on nickel and dimes. Now-a-days, as it still close to "the office" I find myself wandering in here now and then for lunch. Now, the food was never bad before, but for whatever reason I never really ate here. But in any case, I was fairly impressed with the quality of what I ordered- Jerk Chicken Pita. It really hit the spot. Others at my table also had pretty decent meals off their lunch special menu. It is definitely worth coming out for a trail run of this place.The atmosphere is great, nice interior with large bar. It is right on the man-made lake area and has an outside deck that protrudes the water. Great for nice weather days/ nights. I'd imagine they still have local talent come out on the weekends, playing covers of decent songs. Drink specials have probably increased with the times since I've drank here, but I'd assume they are still competetive.
2	I'd like to really give it 2 and a half stars, but alas! yelp likes whole stars. Honestly, if you don't live in the area, I don't know if it's worth the hike up 85 (I'm in uptown). The best thing this place has going is its location. There's a beautiful corner overlooking the water and plenty of outdoor seating. However, if you sit out front, you constantly get the whiff of smoke from the smoking area being right next to the tables. As for the food, well, I could have done just as well pulling the same items from the freezer. I had the coconut shrimp, and there were only maybe ten-twenty coconut flakes for all ten shrimp. There were other menu items that sounded good, but nothing looked over the top amazing as it came out. Drink specials, they've got those, but after that and their location, they really dropped the ball on food. If only they kicked it up, just a smidge, I feel like there's great potential.
4	A solid choice for bar food - a nice burger or wings. My wife has had the soup a few times and like it, too. My daughter usually gets the wraps. I find myself eating the peanuts at the table while I wait. Service has always been good.I've been here a lot, and have never had a bad experience. A lot of places can't say the same.
1	The manager and/or bouncer was about as rude as could be. My wife didn't have her iD so he pretty much made our visit as unpleasant as possible. Won't go back.
4	Very good food, very nice atmosphere, courteous staff, great location. Their burgers  are very big, and juicy! Great wings, and fried pickles! I will definetly frequent this place. Bill wasnt nearly as much as i expected, for the amount of food ordered.
2	The atmosphere and location are great. The food and service, not so much. Had the fish tacos which were good but I've had much better. Others in our party thought the food was good but not great and some of us thought the food was not good at all. The service was very slow. At the end of our meal we all stood up and waited for our checks because we needed to go and it took forever to get them.
4	Atmosphere: The atmosphere is quite pleasant overlooking the boardwalk and man made lake. The inside is clean and has adequate spacing between tables making for a nice dining experience. It can be a little loud but what else do you expect from a college restaurant.Food: I ordered the Buffalo wings touted by Boardwalk Billy's as being the "best in Charlotte". I wouldn't go as far as to say that but they were quite good with a nice crispy crust and and a flavorful sauce. The real standout of our meal was the "Crab con Queso" dip, a crab dip made with a cheese base with a slight spice to it, absolutely loved it.Service: We had a new waiter but I guess even the new waiters at this place are good. Our drinks were never empty and he wasn't intrusive but always made sure we were okay every so often.Definitely would recommend to a friend! Only downside is that it's a little rough on the wallet if you're on a college budget.
2	Nice Location.  Utterly forgettable food.  Insanely slow service.  The place was slow and the waiters just could not have cared less about our group.  Sort of unreal.
5	Fantastic service, Clint's a good man! He takes care of us every time, he has a very warm personality.
1	I will never go back here ever again. Not only is the service here incredibly slow but the staff acts like every customer is a nuisance. I have been all over the world and this was the worst customer experience I have ever encountered. The way I was treated tonight this place is lucky its still open. Only people that would enjoy this place is if you enjoy sober ignorant racists and that is the straight up honest truth if you find yourself there from the hours of 9 pm till close
3	I've only been here once and I thought it was alright. My boyfriend didn't really like his wings though. He said that his wings were too dry. If I remember correctly I got the burger, wings, and fries. I thought that it was good and it was a pretty good deal for it. May try this place again whenever I'm in the boardwalk area
3	Cute place. The service was very good, really nice friendly waitress. The food was good. I had fish tacos, they were tasty. My husband's ribs were very good. My daughter tried the buffalo chicken salad and she really liked it. I would absolutely go here again.
5	Crab Queso and a cold beer and some vodka on special has always been my go to thursday night at the boardwalk.. great attentive staff with a great vibe. Super huge resturant/bar with seafood avail!! Lots of great seafood. I love the boardwalk
5	My favorite place to go!! Love the atmosphere, just sitting on the deck overlooking the lake. Night time is fun too with open mic on Wednesday nights with Jon Linker!
4	I had a great experience at Boardwalk Billy's. We were looking for somewhere good but not a chain place after a long drive into town. I was pleasantly surprised given the ratings were lower here on yelp. I ordered the ribs with fried green tomatoes and baked beans. He ordered the BFW (burger, fries, and wings). We shared a Mac and cheese. Everything was great, so great I asked the waitress to find out what was in the Mac n cheese. Got a recipe so that will be my next culinary experiment.  The four different sauces for the ribs were run-of-the-mill but not spectacular. The south cackalaky and the western were my faves. A good  beer selection, including some tasty local ones. Overall, a good experience, pleasant staff, good food. One drawback was the peanut trash on the floors from the peanuts on each table weren't really cleaned up. However, that's barely worth the mention. I would definitely return. In fact, I'm tempted to break a rule and go to the same place twice in one trip.
5	Jill was or sever and was amazing! She recommended new and different beers all night long and she kept our glasses full! Great place with a great atmosphere!
5	We've only been living in Charlotte since the end of April and we've been to this place 8-10 times-it's THAT good. Everyone who visits us gets a trip to BB's. From the fried pickles, fried green tomatoes, and nachos to the crab legs, smoked ribs and wings-everything is amazing. Not one complaint. Great food, great service, and a very laid back atmosphere.
4	Place was good! We enjoyed the music and the food! It took a little long  to get our good, but they were pretty busy! Live band was great! I would come back!
4	We live close so we eat at Billy's a lot but never have been disappointed. It was the first time trying the Southern pulled pork BBQ instead of the usual suspects. It was good. And they sell Mecktoberfest. All in all, still good.
1	Service was awesome. The food on the other hand was a complete joke! Portions were small for how much they charge. I hope this was not the only BBQ representing Charlotte! Again the service was awesome but when I leave still hungry and spend over $10 bucks there is a problem.
5	This was my first time coming here. I realllly loved this place. The atmosphere is great, bar staff was friendly. Food was great!
4	If you need a seafood fix then you need to check out Boardwalk Billy's. My favorite menu item is the steampot; the broth is delicious and I get extra shrimp instead of oysters. The meal is HUGE and comes with potatoes and corn. I also tried the clam chowder and it is wonderful! We go on Thursday nights when there is trivia and 2 dollar drinks. Even the best, local drafts are only 2 bucks! We frequent the Galleria location and the service is prompt and friendly. I knocked off 1 star because their burgers are AWFUL. Stick with the seafood and wings and you will not be disappointed!
4	Great area. Water front view. Not bad for bar food. Good vibes. Highly recommend eating here.
5	Way better than expected! We got the Burgers fries and fingers. Priced at just $10, It was the perfect amount of food! Cooked nicely and served quickly. The atmosphere is laid back, lots of tv's to catch the game on. The hurricane punch bucket for $10 was a great deal as well because most of there drinks at $7.
4	Best blue cheese dressing I have had in a long time.  Fish tacos wonderful and fresh.  Good beer selection including north Carolina beers.
5	Met my husband here and 3 years later we had our wedding reception here! Great food (got a lot of compliments from our guests) and very accommodating to our 100 guest party! Thanks so much for helping make our special day even better!
4	Smoke house wings are delicious.  Has a wide selection of beers and t.vs for every game.  Great place to grab a beer and wings.
5	This was my first time there. The service was good and the pulled chicken sandwich was so moist, tender and yummy! The sweet and spicy BBQ sauce topped it off. Our seats overlooking the water, within site of the TVs, was fabulous. I can't wait to go back. Oh, prices were good too.
4	Saw The Panther's playoff game here.  The beer was great.  Atmosphere was great.  No problem watching the game.  Food was good!  My bill was great!  In better words, under  $25. for myself and tip was included.
