4	A fine hotel at the edge of the gay village.We have stayed here many many times over the years. I like to get a room at the TOP for a wonderful view of the city. It is spectacular view at night with all the lights.Service has been good. The hotel staff are friendly and accommodating. My friend which we were traveling with, once got very sick and needed a wheelchair as he could not walk. I called the front desk and they had one delivered to our room in a instant.Rooms are clean and modern. Nothing too special however.I also like how the hotel is connected to adjoining buildings which leads to the metro and the underground city. Great way to escape the cold and harsh elements. Parking garage on site in basement. However I can always find free street parking nearby.Close to the clubs, old Montreal, as well as some fantastic restaurants.
4	The views from the upper floors are great.  We stayed in an executive suite with a walk-in tiled shower.  The hotel is very clean and there are complimentary facilities like a pool and a work out room.  There's free wifi too.Staff were very friendly and helpful.  There's a breakfast buffet in the mezzanine each morning with lots of variety (although you might not want to sit next to the window unless you like watching people argue outside the Mcdonalds across the street.)The hotel is above an IGA and a pharmacy which is super convenient.  It's also close to the gay bars and businesses along rue St-Catherine and we were able to get to just about everything we wanted to see in Montreal on foot.
4	Clean and reasonably priced, and centrally located to the clubs, shopping, and Metro.
4	We booked this hotel through Priceline and we were pretty satisfied with it overall. This hotel is located right on the edge of the Gay Village and is just a few blocks from some of the best streets in Montreal including St. Catherine's, St. Denis and St. Laurent. My only caution is to avoid the area between Sherbrooke and St. Catherine's on St. Hubert. Approach the hotel from St. Catherine's instead. The blocks between Sherbrooke and St. Catherine on St. Hubert are pretty sketchy and when we walked to the hotel from Sherbrooke one night around 8 pm, we encountered an assortment of drunks, homeless people and hookers. There are also lots of sketchy hotels that look like they charge by the hour. However, once we realized this was not the greatest street and avoided it we greatly reduced any encounters with these types. Another plus about this hotel is it is just a few steps from the UQUAM Metro station which is a major Metro hub with connections to lots of other lines. The IGA grocery store located in the hotel is also super convenient, but it does close around 8 or 9, so make sure you buy stuff during the day if you want a late night snack. We randomly managed to book our stay during the tail end of Montreal's Gay Pride Festival, so the area was a little crazy around that time, including a super loud dance party in the park next to the hotel that went on until 11:30 pm. This only lasted for 2 days of our visit and once the Pride festival was over, things died down a lot.The pool here is excellent, clean and well maintained. There is also a small exercise facility with bikes and treadmills. There is also a sauna and chaning area adjacent to the pool. Staff at the pool was excellent and friendly.There is free wifi in all rooms.The rooms were clean and comfy and the maid service was good. Neutrogena products in the bathrooms. The only small issues with our room were that the bathtub was rather slow to drain and one of the inside locks on the door was a little loose (although the main lock still locked fine). However, they do charge 99 cents for each LOCAL call (and this is not posted on the phones). Beware.
2	Pros:-IGA grocery is right below-Bike stand across the st-the neutrogena products were decent-there was free wifiCons:-not the best neighborhood, especially after 10 pm-not at the level of a 4 star hotel, like the hotel's website claims (more like a 2.5)-the linens (especially the comforter and shams) had a foul smell-toilet wouldn't flush-when I inquired about the comp breakfast, the guy said only if I have a voucher even tho the website boasts a comp breakfast-very impatient yet still slow front desk staff-maid came to clean the room even though I had the "no maid needed" sign on the door-the room did not come with a mini fridge like the website claimed.  when i asked for one the staff made a big stink.  when i finally got one, it was very unkempt and dirty.-the free wifi was not secure-not worth the price, even with the hotwire "discount" of $105/nightThe hotel's website definitely oversells this place and I would never wish to stay here again. but that is the risk of using hotwire :(
3	No muss, no fuss. Best feature: the Location which is fantastic being right at the cross of St. Hubert and Ste. Catherine as well as having direct access to Berri/UQAM station and is directly across from the Bus Terminal (Airport bus terminus). So for walking, taking metro, the hotel could not be more convenient - you can get to anywhere in Montreal you'd want to go pretty easily. Beyond that, this is your basic hotel. No super frills - Except they do have free WiFi (which worked really well) and a pool (which I did not have the chance to use). The decor is, yes, a tad dated but it's not gross or sooooo terrible. Neutrogena products are a plus. The buffet breakfast was really pretty good, also.If you just want a place to crash and don't plan on spending the majority of your time in the hotel, this is a good option. If you need pampering and luxury, maybe skip this one.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars for location & value. Great views from West-Facing rooms, and Delux room was great after paying for the cheapest room price online.Had to reject first room, smelt of smoke (skunk) lower floors are noisy with room parties and college kids shouting I'm hallways, elevators. If I had accepted the first room this would be a 2-star review. But higher up the tower it's quiet and I love my king size bed. One electrical outlet melted, weird spatter stain on hairdryer. Latch on fridge requires an intricate manoeuvre with little finger to close it, but generous size fridge chilled my liquor, kept my milk & juice cold and Ice bucket overnight. Free Wifi in rooms, TV serviceable but not Plasma...Nowhere near Intercontinental Standard, slightly tatty compared to a new-build Holiday Inn but great location.Kim Lune checked me in, was very apologetic about noise and gave me a great room.Shame her male colleagues left her to struggle alone with a line of waiting Customers while they were laughing and joking in the office behind the desk!
2	We stayed for 4 nights, and weren't impressed.To be fair, we stayed there the same weekend as a group of about 70 teenagers on some sponsored spring break weekend, and though their behavior was, of course, not the fault of the hotel, a hotel that welcomes a group like that is not a hotel at which I want to stay.Pros:-Hotel is in a great location for the metro (Berri-UQAM stop, a major hub, is right next door) and for walking to different parts of the city-Great view of the city (at least from the 18th floor, where we were)-Free wi-fiCons:-Paper thin walls (we could hear the phone ringing and people talking in the room next door and in the hallway)-"Queen" size bed was about the size of a double, which the front desk said was because they are older beds-Sub-par concierge-The four elevators aren't enough to service all the guests if the hotel is full like it was the weekend we were there.  Be prepared to wait (and then be prepared to ride it with 15 teenagers in various states of drunkenness).-Housekeeping attempted to clean our room at 8:30 AM (and was irritatingly persistant about it).-There is consistently a gaggle of bums hanging around outside, probably because of the casino/bar next door.-Poor ventilation (it was as if our next door neighbor's cigarette smoke was being routed through our room...in a non-smoking hotel, of course).The price is low, but you get what you pay for.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel unless your primary concern is location and ease of access to the metro...or unless you don't mind hearing your neighbors conversations through the walls and are up and out of the room by 7:45 AM.
5	It's always good to be back in the great city of Montreal, and when I am, I will only stay at this awesome hotel! Hotel Des Gouverneur is located in the most perfect location - halfway between the always happening Village and the never ending nightlife of downtown.  Situated on the corner ofSte.Catherine est and  rue St. Hubert , anything  you could need is in a 3 minute walking distant radius ( Metro, newsstand, cafes, bank, SAQ, everything!)  In fact, the hotel is connected to entire complex (Place Depuis) - you don't even have to go outside.  I first started coming to this hotel a few years ago for New Year's Eve partying and have a great experience each and every time I stay here. Now it is a tradition to stay here not only on New Year's Eve, but throughout the year for Jazz Fest., Juste Pour Rire, fete des neiges, Monreal comic-con, and of course the August  summer bash: Fierte Montreal. No matter what time of year it is, this hotel consistently delivers on all levels! Aside from the perfect location, one of the main draws that I first fell in love with is this hotel's views (downtown view). You can NOT get better views of this great city in any other hotel in Montreal (see pics taken from my suite --30th floor). The staff here is exceptionally hospitable and accommodating. They will speak French first; however will politely switch to English to accommodate their Anglophone guests. The concierge desk can be a great help as well. They have gotten me last minute hard to score reservations on few occasions and they will never have you waiting for a taxi. Lino the manager I would like to specifically mention as he is a true professional and a first class act. During my last visit, one of my friends lost his jacket (containing his wallet!) and Lino had a team of staff search for it until it eventually showed up in one of the lounge areas. Wow man thanks again for that Lino..that could have been a bad trip for sure! The business and suite floors are nicely decorated and are very clean. The bed in my suite was a California King that could have easily and comfortably slept four people across. Also, business floors can only be accessed with a key card, which is a nice feature, especially during New Year's Eve when pandemonium ensues. Even so, never felt unsafe as the hotel hires a security team for NYE. Business rooms come with business center access which offers complementary snacks, water, juice and newspapers. There are also a few computers in there in case you forget your laptop (rooms come with free WiFi). Each night of your stay comes with a breakfast voucher for a nice European-style buffet. Hotel Des Gouverneur is an outstanding four-star hotel worthy a stay, but make sure you request a high floor with a downtown view and you will surely not be disappointed!!!
4	Great hotel that provided great services. The hotel is big and situated in the heart of downtown of St. Catherine and Rue Berri. Restaurants, Bars, supermarket and pharmacy are there. The metro station is one block over. Our room was made everyday. We had a spectacular view of Montreal downtown. Chinatown, Old Montreal, Place d'arts are 20 minutes walk. I definitely come back and highly recommend to those on a budget. Our 2 nights stay cost us little over 370.00 for a double occupancy.
4	My sister, her husband and I stayed here for a 2 day/1 night sight-seeing visit of Montreal.  Our stay was excellent and I do recommend the hotel. Details below.We got our reservation on Priceline.com which made it more economical ($95+ for total of $125).  We arrived at 10am, parked the car in the garage below (will be a $20 charge but you get in/out privileges) and went to the front desk to ask about the earliest we could check-in.  The gentleman behind the desk let us check in right away and didn't charge us the usual $20 for the extra adult (me).The room was clean with a very nice view of downtown Montreal. The beds do seem like fulls rather than queen.  TV with remote, free WiFi, all the little bathroom nick nacks.Great location.  Walking distance to most everything and St. Catherine right outside the entrance.  Metro stop 1 block away if you need to go farther. You can also access the Metro from the underground tunnel connected to the hotel.   BiXi nearby too (commuter bicycles that I highly recommend, bring your own helmet).We had a nice time.  I would consider staying again.
3	I stayed one night at this hotel as was provided by my tour group. It served its purpose, a place to sleep for the night. It's supposedly centrally located next to Rue St. Catherine (Montreal's main activity corridor) and it should within 15 or so minutes walking distance to old town or St. Lawrence River, but I didn't attempt it at night. One plus is it's a block away from a subway station. It appears there's a bar and restaurant up one or two floors from the lobby but I didn't check it out. There is free wifi, no password required.
4	Overall, if you want to spend your stay in a fancy hotel room, you may not like this place, but if you want a decent hotel with a clean bed, and spend your trip out and about it's perfect! I booked the hotel on priceline.com for a Friday and Saturday after a business trip.  It was about $257 + taxes, which I think is moderate in price.  I am not renting a car because of the location, so I don't have input on the parking.  You can take the 747 bus from the airport for $8 CN (each way).  It takes about 50 minutes which is about the same as driving plus you don't have to deal with the crazy traffic, highways, traffic, etc.  I think this hotel has the best location.  It is also in a mall with a grocery and drug store, so that makes if you don't want to go to a restaurant and just want a snack it's very convenient.  Pros:- Great Location- Fair Price- Free Wi-Fi- Friendly Staff: they were patient with me as I spoke to them in French- Mall downstairs- Bus serviceCons:- Electrical is scary (my lamps are plugged into a small power strip, connected to an outlet with no cover, my laptop and phone charger fall out of the plugs)- Old rooms (sort of clean but worn furniture, CRT TV, shower tile, etc.)The hotel room needed some updating, but overall I'm a fan.
3	The location is pretty great, very close to the Metro and in the gay village so there was some fun things going on at night, and it was easy to walk to other places in the city.The staff were pretty awesome--no problems communicating in English, which was nice for us. We got a free upgrade to a room with a nicer view! The room service was prompt and friendly. The room was nice enough. I liked that there was a duvet on the bed, rather than those scratchy bedspreads  hotels often have. The TV was dated, but it worked fine. The window coverings were nice, except that the curtains were only decorative. The sheers were good and provided the necessary privacy, but the curtains didn't close all the way and so we were unable to make the room dark.Overall a good place to stay.
1	the beds were comfy , On the other hand there were several issues.   Upon arrival we were placed in a regular room in error. 90 min later we get placed in 2919 o n the biz class floor as you indicated in our conversations.   THe room wasnt having the WOW 4 star 250 a night power I was expecting so i calle d to front desk because I thought the manager mentioned the other options as in the jr suite with the seperate areas. The rep told us it would be another 150 to get that room was originally offered.   Tic toc time was wasting so I said its ok we want to go out. I requested some bath robes and was told they'd be right up. 45 min later we left, when we returned they were ther, but 2.5 hours of working with staff was displeasing.  Later that evening i shocked myself on a lamp with exposed wiring where the switch was near the barre wire. I burned my finger. I tried to call down but the phone next to the bed was broken, it is crossed with another line. So i am running cold water over it in the bathroom and the phone in there was broken too. We had dinner reservations so I just left to make them.  Later , when we returned we found the room to be very cold. I tried to adjust the heat but the thermostat was broken and repaired with some tape. After 3 hours of playing with it it sorta was comfortable temp. I was going to complain but by now it was late and we needed to sleep.We were cold and too hot all night.   Now I didnt need to complain more, ...and our limited time in the city needed to be spent on fun not negative complaints.  On saturday night I wasnt well and needed a bottle of water and a snack , I saw there were vending machineS somewhere on their site , so I call front desk to ask where it is. I am informed they are on the 28th floor.I got dressed and there was ONE broken pop machine. I called front desk from the hall and the same person told me that it was broken and the only one. Whay a 4 star with just a pop machine??? Ive been to 2 stars with several snack and drink machines and it was a fraction of dupris size. sending me to a broken drink machine WOW  I was all good with this....live and let live right? I didnt want to be rude and complain about the free upgrade but the sight of the mold in the tub sunday am was what really really made me irate. Mold in a 4 star, not a good review online now is it.  I have HIV , mold is super super bad
4	plusieures occasion d hebergement dans cet hotel. Personnel affable, proximite pour sorties etc.Crtaines chambres plus vieillottes (salles de bain) Pas de quoi s ennuyer au centre ville....
2	Needs to be updated the rooms are looking dated and walking around after 10 pm is not advised. I paid with Hotwire $65.00 per night but it would have been two double beds. I paid $20.00 more per night for a king with a view of drunk park. Cops look at them and they look at the cops. Still not bad place but not great.
4	Inexpensive...well situated(Latin quarter) large well furnished clean rooms...friendly helpful staff...indoor pool and bar/restaurant on site...very nice.  If I'm ever back in Montreal I would stay here again.
2	Don't stay here until they somehow pull off a major renovation. Good news - they just went smoke-free. Bad news - the place will forever smell like 30 years of in-room smoke. You will never escape this smell no matter which fully-enclosed, terribly dated, mournful little room you find. One other tip: don't take a shower, at least not with your bathroom door open. I did and it set off my smoke detector. Which luckily (?) isn't connected to anything so I just waited it out for five minutes after which it stopped. And finally, the sheets and towels are motel-style cheap. Whoever owns is place is stingy and, thanks to the good location, will probably keep making money on this place without really ever changing a thing. Is it terrible? No. Just know these things in advance. It is large and the staff does the very best they can -- all very nice and knowledgable. Just be aware that the building, furniture, televisions, sheets, bathrooms and lighting are about 30 years behind the times. But the wifi works. I'm typing on it now. And the shampoo is lovely.
3	The location is good.  The hotel staffs are friendly.  But the facility is really outdated.  You could really feel everything in the room had been there for many years.The free WiFi internet was slow.  I could not get good signal in my room.  There were ok signal on the hallway.  I had to bring my computer outside of my room to check e-mails.If I go to Montreal again, I would like to try some newer hotels just few blocks away.
3	The gouverneur hotel. With it's gleaming symbol of female ovaries as their logo, shining bright red symbolizing the fertile and life giving nature of Montreal.Located on the corner of the latin district and the gayyy district (the village) this hotel is a great cheap alternative to other locations near Saint Catherine street. It has an indoor pool, a sauna, and just an overall good setup for the price.Pros: CleanAttentive staffCentrally located to all the good stuff, underground shops, transit, liquor, beer, clubs, adult entertainment, bank to exchange money.Cons:Have to fill out a room sheet marking any scuffs/marks/broken things, list your amount of towels.Towels are like gold, I had to haggle in the lobby to get two more.Fridges are 20 dollars a night, even for medication. And they only have so many they claim.No breakfast.SemiConsThatProbablyShouldBeMentioned:Can't walk barefoot anywhere, even down the hall to the pool. Sure, some of you think this would be gross anyway, but I mean come on its Montreal! SON!No matter your age, you can't be in the hallway with an alcoholic beverage. Even in a red cup, or going across the hall to another room. Some of you may think this is a silly point but I mean come on its Montreal! SON!I also didn't get laid here. So that's a con. A con of my life.
1	This hotel is very, very old. Carpet old. Tv old. Bathroom teeny tiny. When we booked online we chose a king bed. Only to be told when we checked in that we can choose either a room with 2 double beds or a murphy full size bed. Also there was a conference room attached to our room. It was separated only by a glass paned door with a very thin curtain. During the weekend it might not be a problem but come Monday morning we were woken up to the sounds of people having a meeting next door! Annoying! We were recuperating from a half marathon from the day before, couldn't even sleep in.This hotel is in a very convenient neighborhood with a major metro hub right outside. But BEWARE!!!!!! It is shady outside. Lots of homeless people mulling about. There were 3 police cars parked in the street right outside but they were all empty. Also BEWARE of the parking garage that the hotel guests use. They are scammers! Our car battery had died. We went back inside the hotel to ask for help and they told us that they do not own the garage. Pretty much they couldn't or wouldn't help us. The parking attendent said sure I'll jump your car. $20. CASH. Well we were leaving the city and we did not have any cash on us. We had credit cards. NO. CASH! My husband said to the guy are you being truthful? Why can't I pay the garage with credit card? "NO! CASH! I could've told you we do not have jumper battery pack." So while I stayed in the car with my dog. DOORS LOCKED. My husband went to the atms to get cash. Afterwards, we were told by friends, who live in Montreal, to never ever leave each other alone. Very dangerous! Needless to say we will NOT be staying in this hotel or area again!
3	Pricelined for 70$/night for this neighborhood we were stoked- but the reviews worried us...Especially since we were traveling with older parents who maybe were not going to be comfortable if it was shabby or unsafe.It was neither. It was clean, comfortable, well staffed and in a GREAT location.We spent 3 days there enjoying the amenities and would go back.Granted- we would NOT have been stoked if we were paying 125$/night. It is more of a 2 star than a three star hotel. However:The linens were decent.The water was Very hot and lots of it.There was a functioning ice machine.The whole thing was accessible by tunnels to the Metro and shopping.We found the downstairs waiting area very useful.Cons:The door locks were problematic. That was Very Uncool.They fixed it. Ok. there.
3	This is a decent hotel in the heart of Montreal, great location , easily accessible to the underground city and most tourist stuff, it's bitterly cold in the winter though! Lol can't wait to be back in the summer!
4	Have stayed here several times - around $90 per night.One of the only hotels on Ste. Catherine in walking distance to bars, clubs, etc.20-30min walk to Old MontrealGreat view from roomsNo fridge in room.Nice grocery store in the basementExtra $20/day for parking in adjacent garage.Free WiFi
1	Motel quality HotelDO NOT STAY HERE AT ANY COST/PRICEHotwired for $79 (blind booking) and was terribly disappointed when I found out Hotwire rated as 3 1/2 star while every other site had it as a three star for $70....I actually chose hotwire because I realized that this hotel was the $70 offering from priceline and did not want to stay here especially with it being outside downtown coreHotwire lied and said this hotel was in core of downtown which it is notThe staff was friendly but the rooms were horrible in desperate need of a renovation and had a permanent musty smell to it. Bathrooms were horrible. I was disgusted. Area is suspect, I mean I do not mind seeing beggars, crackheads and prostitutes outside at night as I am a grown man who can handle himself but this is not something for families or couples.Apparently this part of the Latin Quarter is considered the Gay Village or the gay part of downtown which may or may not be a plus.  This hotel is like a two star and I suggest if EVER blind booking on any site to spend the extra $25-$30 and get a REAL 4 star
3	Good things about the hotel: the view of our room was great, the location wasn't bad, about 20min walking from old town, the staff was helpful. Bad things: rooms are old and  in need renovation, there are homeless people everywhere close to the hotel, room had no fridge. We parked in another parking lot, because our truck didn't fit in the parking lot next to the hotel, and we actually paid way less ($9/night).
1	I have stayed in many hotels, but none quite like this one. They advertise that they are a four star hotel, that you have a safety deposit box and that there is an in room refrigerator. None of those things are correct. The safety deposit box was not even in the room and we were told that it was about the size of the a letter. No refrigerator and it was a dirty room, both of them - that's right, we had to switch rooms, why? Because the first one had bugs. The second room had mustard like stains all over the window drapes and there was what looked like a shit stain on the wall. The carpet had gum stains on it and it was just disgusting to walk on. I had to wear socks the entirety of the trip. Pluses were that we were not given a problem when having to switch rooms, and that the beds were decently comfortable.
5	Stayed in hotel on 4th of July weekend. Great location! The Best one in a city! 2 min walk to Metro Berri station. Close walk to St. Denis and St. Catherine restaurants and bars, 20-30 min walk from Viuex Montreal. Room was clean and bed was very comfortable. Highly recommended for your trip to Montreal.Read a lot of bad reviews but didnt see anything wrong with the place. It would be better to have a special discount for garage, pool working 24 hrs, full breakfast instead of continental ..but anyway Hotel is good and location is the most convinient.
5	Overall : Solid hotel, good location, great breakfast, decent price.  Nice, salt-water pool!  A lot of other reviews of this place confuse me.  It seems like they are describing a different hotel.  Room : We had a king size bed business class room (free upgrade from what we booked).  The room was a good size, two comfortable chairs, nice TV, strong wifi signal.  Smallish shower, but not ludicrously so.  Pretty nice - amazing view over the cityCleanliness : I am a clean freak.  I hate staying in hotels and I strip the bed everywhere I go to look for bed bugs.  The highest compliment I can give is that I generally had no complaints.  The furniture was clean (and bug free) the bathrooms were clean, even the pool area was decent.Location : Right on the line between the Gay Village and Quartier des Spectacles, walking distance to several bars, and directly above the crossing of the orange and green (M1, M2) subway lines.  Can't get any better than that!  We always had places within walkable distance, we didn't have to go outside to get to the subway if we wanted to go further away, and we walked out the front door to see a free CIRCUS happening in the park across the street.  Great location.Service : Friendly staff, very helpful.  Cleaning crew was in and out quickly every day, concierge was super helpful, and the staff was always smiling when they greeted us.  The two guys watching the pool clearly didn't care, but otherwise pretty great.Breakfast :Not technically a hotel only service, but included with our room, it was much better than any included hotel breakfast I've ever had.  Lots of fresh fruit, eggs, bacon, sausage, decently good baked goods, several types of cereal, and actually good coffee.  Worth mentioning because it made the stay just a little bit nicer, and gave us a nice kickstart to every morning.Price : After all the taxes, our room ended up being about $250 a night, which was a little more than we expected, but not terrible.  Considering it was booked on 3 days notice, right in the middle of Warped Tour weekend, the Circus festival, and the Montreal Jazz Festival it wasn't a bad price.  With the breakfast and great service, it didn't feel expensive.Other :A few other reviews mentioned the homeless people in the area.  Yes.  Get over it.  There are a ton of parks around, Montreal is a BIG city, and homeless people are a reality.  Nobody was aggressive or crazy towards us, mostly they left us alone.  Even if they didn't, what the heck do you expect a hotel to do about the fact that homeless people exist in their city? Get real.
4	Location trumps minor disappointments.Request a waterview upper floor.  We had a great view during summer's International FireWorks Festival.I found the rooms a bit dated but very clean, well organized and the iron/ ironing board is great.  The queen size bed was fine for two big guys.  The towels a bit skimpy and scratchy.The Concierge is not well informed.  They were clueless about Cirque du Soleil' latest show "Kurios" ( 30 years based in Montreal) and completely off about Schwartz's.  I asked for a smoked fish and bagel recommendation and Schwartzs serves only smoked meats and rye bread (whcih were good).The included cpontintental breakfast or the upgraded full breakfast are both great deals.However, all is forgiven for the amazing location at entrance to The Village, walking distance to waterfront and nearby Centreville.Good wifi service.  I will be back.
3	thanks to hotwire...got this place for an affordable price...very close to downtown...very very close to the berri uqam metro station...easy access to saint dennis and st catherine...which has good restaurants as well...Nothing fancy about the place...perfect for tourists who wanna be out all day and get back to the hotel...there is a pool and a 24hr workout area...it has one restaurant and NO ROOM SERVICE....Parking is available for 19.50 a day....
4	2 PEOPLE ONE CUP. I would like to say the numbers in this place don't add up. We booked a room for 2, had pillows for 3 and only one cup to share. Now, my husband puts his tongue places I can't write about but on my cup isn't one of them. In the future I would like this hotel too respect peoples hygiene and supply drinking cups for all. My husband and I have since split up so I have given this place 4 stars. Thanks for pointing my life in a different direction.
1	0 STARSMy 16 year old son and myself decided to do a road trip. So from Toronto we left at 6:30 pm arrived in  jersey city at 5:00 am.slep fo 6 hours then spent the day in NYC. Then off we went to our reserved room in montreal!! Drove for 6 hours, arrived in montreal at 12:15 am at our hotel. I then found out I booked for the following night. Needless to say I almost cried because it had been a very long day. Well 2 long days. I asked if I could switch my booking. They had rooms available. They said no they wouldn't then told me I could have a room for the full price if I choose. So standing there at midnight with my 16 year old son, they told me they couldn't help with my situation unless I paid full price for the room. Now I totally get the fact that I made a really embarrassing stupid mistake...but really.So no room for my son and I.  So obviously I was a day ahead of myself, somehow!I felt like a big disappointment to my son, we were so tired and I didn't have a room for us. So to the Gouveneur Place Dupuis Montreal I have nothing good to say. They let me a very petite 43 year old woman and her 16 year old son with no room in a big city we were very unfamiliar with( never mind the language barrier ) they could have helped us out. They didn't. So I didn't see montreal at all because I then drive 4 hours to ottawa. I checked a couple hotels on my way out of montreal but they were booked. I can't see myself recommending that hotel to anyone. Bad experience. My actual check in was August 13.Sent from my iPhone
1	This was my worst hotel experience ever. The heat in our room made so much noise I could not sleep. At 4:00 am I still was not asleep so I went to to get another room but they said I would have to wake my boss up in order to move rooms, she's a heavy sleeper i'm not. I had a very important business meeting the next day they did not care or show any sympathy to my situation. I ended up not sleeping the whole entire night. When my boss woke up at 6:30 we went down again to change rooms, again they did not care the least about the situation. We did switch rooms i missed the meeting prep and went to the meeting with 3 hours of sleep. It was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. I do not see the difference in the end they had to clean two rooms, and they had two very unhappy. The worst part of it was how little they cared, and it wasn't just one staff member it was multiple staff members with the same attitude.
3	Wow...comfortable beds but everything is in bad need of a restoration. The only modern thing there was the keurig machine. I do like the reliable free WiFi so extra star for that. Do take the chance to marvel at the front lobby door function in the winter. Good location though right next to Berri-UQAM station.
