5	If you're in Vegas and need a barber, this is the place to do it, hands down. David took me in as a bedraggled , overgrown mess and spit me out ready for a night on the town -- it was worth every reasonably-priced (OK, for Vegas) penny. Thanks! I only wish we had had time for a straight-edge shave to go along with the cut.
5	It has been about been about a month since I visited the Barber at Apothecary. I was in Vegas to hang out with some friends and play a bit of poker. I did really well my first night at the tables and decided to spoil myself with a haircut and a shave. I went with the full package that included what can only be described as a facial, yeah, I don't like the sound of it either but I sure did like the feel of it. Wait that just made it sound worse. Anyways, a haircut, facial and shave for 80.00.OK lets start with the Barber, a very stylish gentleman with a nice personality and  pleasantly conversational. He proceeded to give me a very professional hair cut and complimented my hair just enough to stroke my ego but not come off as too obsequious (I heard this word on NPR and thought I have to use it on Yelp). The haircut was very nice and then we moved on to the facial and the shave. I will apologize for not remembering all of the terms he used to explain the process and the types of creams and scrubs used but I will say that it was such a great feeling to be scrubbed and rubbed, lathered and shaved by a true professional. If you have never experienced this I highly recommend that you spoil yourself at least one time to know what it feels like. I would add that if you choose to do it, you might as well do it the next time you visit Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
5	The people here are very knowledgeable. Dave the barber always does a great job and is defiantly worth the prices. Gloria and Heather are also amazing, they know so much about everything at the store that they were able to help my wife pick the right makeup for her. Check this place out if you wanna get your lady or yourself something nice while staying at the Palazzo.
