3	The VS is a cool place to hangout prior to the dinner hour. The rooftop bar is cool and and the prices are fair. Patrons can get a little young on holiday weekends but I've never seen any problems there.
4	Great outdoor bar.  Food looked and smelled good but I didn't actually try it.  I would have given it 5 stars but the bartender was NOT friendly at all.  However, the view and the ambiance earned every other star.  Don't worry if it's a little chilly, they have outdoor heaters that work pretty well.  Still, you might want to have a jacket just in case.
4	Nice spot to be on the roof on a nice day. The service is good an the drinks were great!
4	Ambience-wise...there's no way to be this view.  What a perfect place to wind down the day especially on a nice night!  It gets super busy, but they take reservations Sun-Tues evenings.  Fun cocktails...I had the clear sangria...sweet and refreshing!  We only had appies (meat and cheese platters) - they were pretty standards. But hey, are we REALLY here for the food??!
4	I took my mom here for mother's day because I heard the view was amazing. We were not deceived, as the rooftop bar overlooks the st laurent river. I didn't try their drinks but the food was delicious. My mom's salmon and my steak were perfectly cooked and seasoned. I'd definitely come back.
4	Nice space. Hidden away from the streets below. Good service. Just had drinks. They had a bit of a moth problem though.
4	Great rooftop over looking old Montreal but I didn't get the def leopard and ACDC (love'em, but wrong enviro) the tap beers were running through clean lines so quality draft was no problemo:)
2	It was one of the first nice weekends in Montreal and we had heard that there were some nice rooftop restaurants open for brunch.  We arrived and sat down and were quickly surprised to find that they were not offering brunch, only lunch.  The sign in the elevator said brunch was offered from 11 to 3:30 but that was apparently just for the restaurant downstairs.  I'm honestly not sure if that's true.  We decided to eat anyway because we were starving.We got some drinks and ordered an appetizer.  The appetizer was excellent, but that was the only positive point of the meal other than the weather and the view.  I ordered a veggie burger and it tasted / looked like a cheap patty that came out of a frozen package.  After we ate we then proceeded to wait for what must have been at least a half hour before our bills came.  The place was filling up and our waiter looked busy but unfortunately we were tucked away in a corner that was essentially forgotten about.  The waiter was apologetic when he finally did return which was appreciated.  Overall I would definitely not return as the food was below average and the service was pretty poor.
4	Duplicated business entries in Yelp make me notify continuously the moderators that they need to fix them. Terrasse Nelligan also exists as Verses Sky, but the real name is the the first one as per my recent research and I hope those two will merge into one entry soon. Four stars for the awesome view of this roof top bar located in Nelligan hotel and its clear sangria with litches. All the drinks were good, only the Old Fashioned was surprising with its muddled chunks of orange instead of finely peeled orange strip, but the drink was not on the menu and they fixed it for our table. As the terrace is certainly associated with the hotel bar Verses I'm sure they can get some bar tender advices on this fine drink (they know how to make strong and well balanced cocktails in Verses bar).We had cheerful and happy service during our last visit, and overall great time. Wonderful spot to stop for a drink and snack in the Old Port of Montreal!
4	Duplicated business entries in Yelp make me notify continuously the moderators that they need to fix them. Verses Sky also exists as Terrasse Nelligan, but the real name is the the second one as per my recent research and I hope those two will merge into one entry soon. Four stars for the awesome view of this roof top bar located in Nelligan hotel and its clear sangria with litches. All the drinks were good, only the Old Fashioned was surprising with its muddled chunks of orange instead of finely peeled orange strip, but the drink was not on the menu and they fixed it for our table. As the terrace is certainly associated with the hotel bar Verses I'm sure they can get some bar tender advices on this fine drink (they know how to make strong and well balanced cocktails in Verses bar).We had cheerful and happy service during our last visit, and overall great time. Wonderful spot to stop for a drink and snack in the Old Port of Montreal!
4	I love a good terrasse and since my boyfriend and I had coupons for free drinks we thought we'd give it a try.   It comes with great views of Old Montreal.  The terrasse alone makes this place worth visiting.The clear sangria is definitely a must try when visiting here.  They garnish it with grapes and litchees and it's quite strong.  They also have a small food menu so if you're hungry you can grab a bite.  I went for the ribs and they were tender with a strong meat flavour in that the sauce wasn't overpowering everything.  The coleslaw that they came with was a little boring but that was the only part that kind of disappointed.  The fries were crispy and salty.The prices are a little high for alcohol but the cocktails are fairly strong and I guess it is Old Montreal so that is to be expected.  The service was also quite good.  It was quick and our server was very friendly and helpful.
1	I did expect somewhat overpriced food considering the location and the great views it has of Old Montreal. However the food was not only sub-par, but tasted really bland and just plain bad. And the horrible service didn't help either. All in all just a disappointing experience.
