3	"Maximum Flavor" should be renamed to "Maximum Food" instead. The helpings are huge, but the flavor is minimal. You can get a lot of chicken nuggets for $7 (24 to be exact.) There are numerous deals at this place, so if you need to feed a group of you for some evening gaming, this is probably the place you want to go. There is seating, but this food seems more suitable to taking back to the dorms, as the restaurant gets especially crowded during lunch. Don't expect anything to be healthy. Except maybe the side salads- those contain some noticeable vegetables.But this place is not about being healthy; it is quintessential college food, smack dab on college street- Craig Street- straddling Pitt and CMU's campuses. Overall, the food is mostly fried and contains everything the obesity epidemic is probably related to. But hey, if you're broke (as we all are in college and post-economic collapse) Maximum Flavor is Maximum Payoff for your hard-experiment earned cash.Added Note: Campus Food handles deliveries for Maximum Flavor.
3	I was surprised that this place had so few reviews, given that so many people order from this place. I guess it's kind of on the cheap/trashy side in terms of restaurants. Anyways...Maximum Flavor is all about copious amounts of cheap, unhealthy food. $5.95 gets you a double cheeseburger, 3 chicken tenders, and a soda. None of the food is what anyone would ever call gourmet, but it's quite decent. Ideal drunk food.
3	I wouldn't say the pizza has maximum flavor... but it had a nice thin crust, with really good texture... overall, not very flavorful... I probably wouldn't get the pizza again, but I'd definitely try the hoagies and other sides.
2	The prices are reasonable, and the option to get a 16 inch sub is certainly attractive after working up an appetite (or forgetting a meal), but the pizza here simply isn't that great.  There's not much a pizza parlor can do if the pizza isn't good.
2	Their food actually lacks flavor.
5	Awesome Pizza at a great price. Hospitality wise also I was very satisfied. Worth going !
3	Maximum Flavor might not be my favorite pizza shop, but if I want some food fast and cheap, they're the place to go. I'm always amazed at just how cheap the food is there, clearly the poor college student is their target. That said, the food isn't bad, I'm actually amazed at the variety of cheap, unhealthy, average quality food that they serve there (everything American and more). Here, 10 bucks could feed a few people, which is nice sometimes. They also have plenty of free stuff, provided you spend a certain amount, so if you get a few people together you can save quite a bit and get even more. Maximum Flavor is more like Maximum Bang-For-Your-Buck, make sure you go with friends for added value.
4	The $5.5 for 2 slices of pizza and a drink is perfect for the cash strapped student. I found them to be well made. You also get 1 free refill on the drink.
2	I really wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt, but alas, it wasn't meant to be.Supposedly this was their first night in delivering on their on and not using a delivery service.  When I placed my order I gave my name and number so that when they arrived I would be made aware.  After a hour of waiting I called back to see what the hold up was since we were told a 30 minute wait.  When I called, I was informed that I didn't leave a number.  Hmm, wander what number they wrote down then?The food was less than stellar as well.  As a whole we ordered a wide variety of items to see what the food would totally be like.  Collectively we decided the food was meh.  I personally ordered a cheeseburger and onion rings.  I got a hamburger and a few store bought onion rings.  My colleagues picked items from gyros to hot dogs to Stromboli.  All said they had better.  Maximum Flavor might be false advertising.One thing that was good about it was that after such a long wait we got our order for free.$3 delivery fee.
1	the name, Maximum Flavor, in and of itself is a really goofy name for a pizza shop - or any restaurant. That said, it really is false advertising - the pizza was terrible... pretty much mall type pizza. Serving were big but a lot of bad food is still bad food. just sayin'
3	The pizza combo is value for money (@ $5.50 with 2 slices of pizza and a drink). Try their Indian style burger (Vada Pav) - It's great!
4	Joe rocks as always!! Tasty Sandwiches and amazing pizzas..Reasonably priced for the amount served!
3	Are you a poor and hungry individual who is looking to fill their stomach?Well look no further than this pizza shop. This establishments definitely caters towards quantity over quality. Prices are extremely cheap, however the quality of the food you will receive remains much to want.
2	Kids loved it. Great stop if you're starving and looking for something relatively cheap and quick! It's right across the street from the Carnegie Natural History Museum and surrounded by coffee shops and other food shops. Cute little college-y area.
4	Great food and amazing prices. Definitely our family's pizza place!  You won't be disappointed!
