4	I should start with the disclosure that I really want this bar/restaurant to succeed. It is the closest location to my house and every time I drive past it I wish I could just stop in and eat here. I want a reason to stop.Just opened with new ownership. This location has been a graveyard for restaurants. I was told one previous owner lost close to $1 million before calling it quits. I've ranted in the past about how clueless the previous owners have been.So what's new?In a word - everything. The bar inside the restaurant is finally located where a bar should be. Plenty of choices as to where to sit and what type of seating to sit in. We stopped in for drinks on a Wednesday afternoon - haha - I know. Don't judge me ! It was so comfortable that we ended up staying for dinner. Very nice waitress.The menu was perfect. One page front and back. All good choices. I tried the burger and my wife tried the panini. To my taste the burger meat was too thick and the panini bread was too thick but at least they are trying. Still, much better than anything I've had from any of the previous owners.  I'm still on the lookout for that one offering that makes me go there - just for that selection - a crave food. I'll try the whole menu before I give up. The pizza roles are next on my list to try. The tater tots appetizer was fantastic. All in all - high hopes. It's a good start. Plus $2 Bud light pints all the time is always a good thing.
5	Upping my rating to the full 5 stars. I think I've actually found a crave food in Charlotte! They have these "pizza rolls", they come like my mother's old fashioned coffee cake, we ordered the version they call "carnivores". Could not have been better. Even the 'ends' that you expect to be all dough (like a hot pocket) are just as good as the middle pieces. For only $8 they are a steal. BTW the waiter was fantastic tonight as well.
5	One of the best new restaurants and bars in the Ballantyne area! Their paninis are amazing! And their pizza rolls are home made everyday! So good!!
4	Welcome to The Fountains shopping center!  DB's is brand new to the Ballantyne area and they have a tough road of ahead them.  When it comes to competing with Stonecrest and Blakeney for business, the pickens are pretty rare.  Having said that, I think DB's is the place to do it.  I'm definitely pulling for them and I will be out supporting.  First of all, because the place is excellent, but it definitely doesn't hurt that the place is walking distance from my house.  Absolutely love the new design of the place compared to how the Stadium bar had things setup because it just so much more welcoming.  The bar is now down on the lower level and is massive.  Plenty of space to sit or slip in to grab a drink.  They used the elevated section as an expanded area for sitting and it really works!  Overall, simply love the new setup.Food wise, the menu has some nice variety and it will take a few more drop-ins to find that WOW item.  But overall, I really like the selection.  We had the loaded tots and wings.  Well, my friend ordered the wings but he raved about them.  Multiple flavors to choose from and they had "a perfect mixture of crunchiness on the outside."  Monday nights are Wing Night and they offer 25% on their wings.  See you next Monday!Specials -  It seems that they have a special running for every day.  Check online on their facebook page for updates.  Wing Mondays, Taco Tuesday, half price wine Wednesdays, etc.  Oh yeah... Live music on Wednesdays, too.
5	So glad to see this spot In the Fountains opening up again!!  And, What a terrific job they've done with the place.  (Read Ian's review for details!) It was one of my fav spots before.. and with this face-lift and with the great track record of the owners (The owner of Picasso's opened DB's!!) in other sister entities, we're off to a great start!  I've been enjoying chicken wings at Picasso's downtown for quite a long time!  In my opinion, they are some of the very best in town.  AND NOW, they are right here in The Fountains at DB's Tavern!  But, you MUST also try the Pizza Rolls!!  They are really good.On our first visit to DB's we found the wait staff to be friendly and quite attentive!  Notably, other waiters would swing by and pick up/drop off when our primary was busy.  Good job!  I hope that attentiveness continues!Oh, and they DO serve OMB Copper in addition to several other local brews!!  Several to choose from and a wine list too!Several TVs located around the restaurant so the chances are that you can catch the sporting event of your choice while dining!So welcome to The Fountains DB's!  We're glad to have you here!!
5	This area has had a void of a neighborhood bar for quite some time now and DB's takes care of that and then some. Friendly bartenders and a delicious selection of food, all at reasonable prices. The new owners did a complete redesign of the bar area and it's really well done. If it's been some time since you were last here do yourself a favor and go check DB's out.
4	Much better than the prior bar "Stadium".  Clean and open restaurant.  Great use of floor space.  Love the paninis.  Friendly and accommodating staff.  Great place to kick back and relax with a beer, sports, food, and friends.
5	Enjoyed lunch & dinner here over the past month.  Wing special is 6 wings & a side for under $8.   Wings are crispy, tasty, and not floating in sauce.   Waitresses are friendly, check on you often, and remember your name.  Daily beer & drink specials.  Haven't had a bad meal yet!
4	Great first visit. We were looking for something simple but not your standard bar fare and this delivered. Pizza rolls were great but the true winner was the pulled pork flatbread. We will be back
4	I have now been to DB's Tavern on three different occasions for food.  The new layout is really nice.  They basically gutted the front of the house and started over.  WHAT AN IMPROVEMENT!  A great variety of seating and really love the large high top tables in the middle.  Perfect for big groups or a gathering of friends from the neighborhood.  A few outdoor tables are another great option.  On our first visit the place was busy and the only negative I noticed was the chairs.  They were cheap and kind of flimsy.  But on my next visit they had all new chairs that were really great.   Glad they made the investment in the new furniture.  Its so much more inviting and comfortable.Each time the food was excellent.  Went in with my kids and they had burgers.  Large fresh patty with a really nice bun.  I had Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken and other fixins.  Just what my doctor ordered.  On later visits we had wings, flatbread, and recently the PIZZA ROLLS!, Everything was really tasty, cooked properly and served hot and ready to eat.  The Pizza Roll was a really big hit.  Service is how it should be.Its is a great improvement from Stadium and certainly better than Beantown that was here before that.Really glad to have the neighborhood bar back and thrilled they have great food.  They should do well.
5	I pass this place daily so I decided to stop thru and I like it. It's kid friendly yet still a nice bar. I have tried the steak panini, house salad, wings, tater tots and a few drinks and everything is delish. Simple, yet consistently good. Service at times can be a little slow but I think they are trying to keep overhead down since it's really not a crowded place....which I can understand. Staff is always friendly and they remember you. I really love the neighborhood bar/eatery feel. Hope they last!
5	We just stopped by for a quick drink. We did not order any food. Because of the pleasant and professional service, we'll be back. Kirsten, our server, was attentive and engaging and proves the impact an employee can have on the the customer experience. Beer selection was okay, need to add more local brew in my opinion. Wine selection was fairly limited. Given the area demographics, I would think a wider selection would be a smart move. One thing I didn't like were the tall benches. Very cumbersome and uncomfortable.
5	Extremely friendly staff. Good food and a nice ambience as well. Big improvement to the previous tenant. I highly recommend!
4	Second visit and definitely better than the first time. Still think the establishment is going through some growing pains. First visit had the oven not working. It was working the second time. I tried the bourbon pork BBQ flatbread. Friends had the pizza rolls which was what was recommended. I tried a bite and I'll be coming back for that. While the flatbread was good, wished I had ordered that.
4	I cannot stress to you enough how great their service is. We've eaten here several times, I've had a salad and flatbread among other things.  Honestly the food doesn't stand out to me although it was good; the atmosphere and the service is what made our visits memorable.  We are far from being regulars (3 visits) but the bartender remembered us the 2nd & 3rd visits.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.
2	I am going to be as objective as possible and not just trash this place:The good:  -The new design/layout is 9000x better than The Stadium.  They did a great job with the remodel.-The onion rings - phenomenal.  Nuclear hot when served, in a neat-looking stack.-Wings - No complaints.  A-OK.The bad:-My girlfriend's burger.  She ordered it cooked medium.  It was served exactly as requested.  She gave me a little piece to try (2-3 bites).  The burger would have been great except the meat tasted funny, and it was not seasoned in any way.  Later we both got sick.  The meat tasted funny because it was bad.I shouldn't have to get my burger well-done to kill the bacteria because the kitchen is not storing and handling it correctly.  I will NOT return to this place; you make me sick, you're done.
4	Well it's a very solid place. Nice service, nice prices and great food. They ask me and my friend how was dinner and then got us around of beers on the house. Awesome !  Awesome!
4	Good place to catch a game.  Nice atmosphere, beer specials,  good service and tasty food.  Carnivore Pizza Roll is yummy and filing.  Favorite wing sauce is Teriyaki (I like to order them crispy)
5	Wow!Went to this place by accident.  Stupid GPS!  But oh my great awesome stupendous.  Had a burger even though I wasn't really in mood for burger......ate the whole thing. So full now hurts.  I had been to Red Robin a week ago and this was better.  The fries were great the prices so good.  Will so be back here again.  The kids loved it.  It was clean, wait staff good to fair, atmosphere I had three kids with me there was no atmosphere except they better like their food and leave me in peace to eat mine!  Was great will return with bells on!
1	Food was good but the management was very substandard. No greeter at the door for several minutes, long wait to take order and longer wait to get food. The sound level from the TV was painfully loud. I couldn't wait to get out of there!
5	DB's is fantastic place, with a wonderful atmosphere!! The food is excellent, and is always absolutely perfect!!!Our favorite waitress is Maggie, she's soo friendly, ALWAYS has a smile, Remembers you and your kids. Never have to hunt her down.. LOVE HER!!
4	Food is great...Pulled POrk Flat bread delicious and loved the hush puppies on kids meals.  The place looks also very nice compared to its previous owner.  Only hope is that they lower the lights at night some since its too bright to go for just drinks..But the drinks themselves were great!
5	I tried out this restaurant last Saturday night for the 1st time and I was very impressed. Our table had the loaded tater tots and blue cheese chips as appetizers and they were both very tasty! They had jambalaya on the menu as a special for the night and it was DELICIOUS! My friends were very pleased with their choices, as well. The atmosphere was great. I don't think there was one direction you could look without seeing a TV, which made it great to watch the football game. As far as service goes, it was excellent! It was our server's first day working at DB's Tavern. Our table had a number of questions about menu items. She knew the answer to most of them, but if she didn't then she quickly found out and reported back to us and she had nothing but a smile on her face the entire night! She was on top of everything throughout our dining experience. Our glasses never got empty before she asked if we needed more. It may sound strange, but that is an important factor to me when I am dining somewhere. I don't like having an empty glass. Nikki took very good care of us. Oh, and did I mention she did this while the restaurant was absolutely full of people?!Top notch service and food! Me and a 'few" of my friends are going back today! Check this place out...you won't be disappointed.
4	We come here for the awesome cold beer and the best wings around. This is a sports bar vibe with lots of tvs and nice spacious dining room. Friendly staff. Great pizza rolls. Come here often.
4	I stopped by about a week ago for lunch.  My friend & I both had the pizza rolls, different types.  They were cut into bite size pieces perfect for dipping.  Both were very good, but they need to add more dipping sauces.  Server was very nice.  I will return.
5	If you scroll through the reviews here, you'll notice Pizza Rolls are mentioned quite a bit. There's a good reason for that - they're amazing! Digging deeper into the menu though, I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere is good, the food is great and the service is incredible! Of particular note, Evan is the best server I've ever had anywhere! That guy is top notch!We've been here several times to watch Alabama football games with the BamaCharlotte Chapter and have yet to have a single issue. The management goes above and beyond and genuinely cares that we have a great time. There are plenty of TV's for our viewing pleasure and no matter where you sit, there's a TV within your sight line. A great place that we'll frequent as often as we can!
4	I'm just glad this place is staying open! I love having somewhere close to home to grab a beer. I've heard the food is great here but I stick to the liquids. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the crowd at the bar isn't as warm and friendly as it seemed when it was Stadium...I've gone 3 times and just casually said 'hey' to the person sitting next to me and it's turned out to be a weirdo. Not the restaurant's fault.
