1	FIRST - let me premise the quality of their food is not at question nor the pricing for their food. What is at question is their staffing personnel and their customer service.  Our office is next door to this place and several times we have ordered from them, our simple orders are SCREWED UP EVERY TIME!  By simple I mean , no tomato on this sandwich and extra crispy bacon on that sandwich, not rocket science, right?  The 1st few times we ordered we wrote off the improperly made orders as maybe they were busy but the next 3 times we ordered we had to have them remake our orders!  Chris remade our order the 3rd time they screwed up and he apologized for the mix up by stating that alot of the "guys don't speak, read or write English very well and they have had a lot of problems with the orders being wrong".  This LAST time (and it is definitely the LAST time we order from here!) we ordered 2 sandwiches both came made WRONG. I called to complain to the Manager, Tony,  and he said it was OUR FAULT not theirs that the orders were wrong!  We have never asked for a refund or been rude to them for THEIR mistakes, but that was the last straw! So, Tony ...YOU are WRONG! So just shut-up and sit there and be WRONG in your WRONGNESS. Because YOU and YOUR STAFF are WRONG!
2	This is my first time here so I won't be too harsh, but I can't say that I would come back for lunch again. I ordered two slices of pep and a drink. The size of each slice is solid but my pizza came out pretty well done. The cheese was blackened and it didn't look very good. If I was working here I probably wouldn't have served it. Maybe I'll give it another go and try something else.
4	Contrary to many previous "reviewers" I think the prices at Amores are very fair what the food you get. I am partial to the Chicken Cutlet Parmesan sandwich. The foot long is HUGE... with tons of ingredients. Great bread. Good Sauce. If you get an order of fries... more than enough for two people. I usually go here for lunch... and they have a slew of $5.00 lunch specials... (2) slices of cheese pizza and a drink, and several 6" sandwiches with chips and a drink. It's fairly good... and they have to be with a Subway store directly next to their shop. They also deliver... which I have taken advantage of a few times without incident. So all in all... for a "local" pizza/sandwich/wings spot... give it a try. Would I go out of my way to visit... probably not. I should note: the same people also own Amore's Sports Bar over on Bell and the 101.
3	Amore Pizza & Wings is a decent lunch spot. Their $5 dollar specials are a welcome relief from the $10 -$12 dollar lunches that are so rampant in the North Scottsdale area.Their Italian sausage comes with some thinly sliced green peppers in a sausage roll. I would suggest that you tell them to add the red sauce that they use for their meatball sandwich instead of the au jus that they give you. I think their meatball sandwiches are excellent. Although I have had mixed results with the Chicken Parmasean Sandwich. Last time I had it in late December it just didn't taste good, like it had freezer burn. The few times that I have had it before that incident in December it was very tasty. That's why I'm giving Amore 3 stars instead of 4 stars.
1	I live right by Amore so when they opened up I decided to give them a try.  The first time we ordered from Amore we got a pizza.  It was mediocre.  What really struck me was the service.  The young man at the register was outside talking to his friends and texting when I got there.  It took him at least two minutes to come back inside and help me and when he finally did he was rude!The second time I went in I ordered pizza and wings.  When I got there once again I had to wait for the person working the register to stop chatting on his phone to serve me.  My pizza was ready but they hadn't even started my wings.  I sat and watched them make my wings.  I almost told them to just forget it because they wings looked horrible.  They were pale and they used an already used bowl to coat them in buffalo sauce.  I literally live 2 minutes and when I got home my pizza was cold, I was also concerned the wings were undercooked so I cut one open first to check.  I was right!  They were completely raw on the inside.  I had to put them in the oven for at least another 30 minutes and they were still so greasy and terrible I ended up picking off all the chicken meat and feeding it to the dogs!I must be a glutton for punishment because I tried them a third time and once again had a terrible experience.  I didn't have to wait at the register and this time the cashier was actually friendly.  My husband and I ordered a pizza, salad, and garlic bread.  When I got home I realized I had never gotten the salad.  I was back there less than 10 minutes of leaving and I told him he had forgotten to give me my salad.  He basically accused me of trying to get a free salad off of him!  He tried to tell me I had never ordered a salad.......At first I thought he was kidding but then I realized he was serious!  We had ordered online so I told him just to check their online order log.  He told me that wasn't possible.  Then I told him to just look at my receipt!  It should be at the top of their garbage can since I watched him throw it away.  He glanced in the garbage bin and told me it wasn't there.  I had my credit card receipt and I showed it to him.  I asked him how it could possibly be that much if I hadn't ordered a pizza bread and salad since the salad was $8.  I had to sit there arguing with him for almost 10 minutes before he'd give me my salad.  If you want to avoid bad food and TERRIBLE service then avoid this place at all costs!!If you're in the area and really have a pizza craving go to Bashas!  They sell whole pizzas and pizza by the slice and it's actually very good and you'll receive five star+ service.
2	The subs are great but the pizza is really horrible, it's worse than Bashas.
1	The bottom line is that pizza is terrible.  It's thin, soggy, and the toppings are not fresh.  On top of that it is greasy beyond what any decent pizza should be.EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK BUT THIS PLACE WILL BE OUT OF BUSINESS WITHIN A YEAR.
4	I tried Amore's Pizza and Wings and I enjoyed it. Perfect little spot for lunch or a quick dinner with the kids. I haven't yet had the pizza but we are a huge fan of their meatball subs. Delish.The chocolate cake is also good once it hits room temperature. Yummy.
4	I really like amore pizza and wings.  I have had their pizza, wings, sandwiches, and I think they are all delicious.  In fact, it's my favorite pizza place.  Also, I think the owner is really great. The only bad thing I have to say is that one time when I called for a delivery, the guy who answered did not know what he was doing, but that has been my only bad experience.
1	I used to go here a lot as a fuming teen and I honestly can say that I was peer pressured into it by the god-awful social hierarchies of adolesence. The food here is terrible. The pizza is disgustingly greasy and I would never, ever pay money to eat here again. The company should have been the one paying me to eat here.
4	I realize that pizza is a very personal thing, but we do enjoy this little neighborhood joint. Nothing fancy, but the pizza is good. We also like their beef sandwiches.
5	An older Italian man who absolutely knows his shit in the kitchen.That's Tony, owner of Amore.And if there's one thing Tony knows, it's how to make Italian sausage and homemade meatballs. You've got to trust me on this. I was raised by four hairy upper-lipped Italian women whose job it was to make sure I was a better cook than shortstop. I spent weekends, summers, and all idle time in between playing sous chef to my mom and aunts. This makes me uniquely qualified to know a few things Italian, such as:    *  How Italian women don't believe in feminine hygiene products. (or razors)    *   Sinatra and Dean Martin are really saints, not singers. My mom still makes         a sign of the cross if you mention Sinatra.    *  How hand grinding 120 pounds of pork shoulder every few months making       homemade sausage will most likely account for why your right shoulder now       'goes out', practically on command.And after making all that sausage (and meatballs) for family events, I know a thing or two about good sausage. Tony, hands down, makes the best Italian sausage in this city and every restauranteur knows it, having supplied their sausage at one time. Eating it last night brought back a flood of memories. Not good ones either.I don't know what it was with Italian women beating us kids with wooden spoons, but suffice it to say, it fucked me up proper!Try this. Call Tony. Tell him you're having a party and you want his meatballs and sausage as appetizers. As for all the other menu items...his sandwiches are better than Subway (next door), his pizza, mediocre. Not the best and certainly not the worst as some reviewers here would have you believe. Focus on his meatballs and sausage and you won't be sorry. He makes a decent 'gravy' too.
5	I really had a taste for Amore Pizza and Wings. Are they even open, Sunday 6.2.2013, called 480-514-9555 @ noon and no answer??? ended up @ St of Ny $$$$
5	Delicious. Great people. Chick Parm sandwich is amazing. Real chicken- tough to find in most stores.
3	I take everything back from my first review.This lousy, good-for-nothing bum shuts down for the entire month of July and August, leaving me to fend for myself in the sausage and meatball department.In Italian we have a saying for a mook like this. But since I don't speak Italian, mainly because mom and her her butthole sisters were too goddammed busy having nervous breakdowns from my dad and uncles cheating on them, and NOT teaching us anything other than 'va fanicoula ' (which is way too harsh for this sitch) I'll say it in english.Tony, get your ass back to work, you lousy good-for-nothing bum. Ehh mennagia!
3	Amore is now closed and the store is cleared out.
