1	I really did not give this bar much of a shot, but here goes my review anyway. A close internet friend of mine swears by the Saturday night karaoke here. So one Saturday night we decide to hit it up. Right away I am put off by the seating. I strongly prefer tall tables to booths for a bar setting, and most of the seating here is booths or low tables. The arrangement of the booths is very cramped and the place was really crowded so right away I was feeling a little claustrophobic. I only ordered one drink, rum and pineapple but it tasted INCREDIBLY bad, it was somehow both too strong and too sweet. It tasted like the pinnapple equivalent of grenadine was used. Nearly undrinkable. The karaoke host talked WAY too much in the 15 minute we were there. And 2 of the three songs we heard stopped half way through for no apparent reason. The deciding factor in our leaving (besides the friend we were hoping to meet not being there) was the INTENSELY creepy crowd. Creeps to tolerable strangers ratio was grim, I would say 20:1, and that is being generous, I don't recall seeing any tolerable strangers but I wasn't looking that hard. A very creepy old man maintained a very one sided conversation with my poor companion on the smoking patio and a very drunk girl tipped over stone bench and fell on her ass. All this was our cue to leave. We called a cab and escaped to our regular Saturday night karaoke up Dobson to Priceless Primetime. I guess I probably will give this place another shot, when I am more sure my friend will be there to show me what is to like about this place.
3	Well prepared bar food, with good specials. I've never been disappointed by their 1/2 lb burger (Tuesdays) or their meatloaf w/mashed potatoes (weekends). Guinness on tap, as well as the usual domestic brands at reasonable prices. Pleasant and efficient bartenders and cook. Music volume kept at a moderate level.
3	Okay, because the Woodshed II is just that kind of place- it's not getting my traditional, organized review.One of my friends bartends here.  If not for that, I probably never would have been there.  It's a classier version of the Vine for those of you in the ASU area and a divey-er version of Hazelwoods for those of you in the Phoenix area.  They have stupid cheep pitchers, a decent on-tap selection including Red Hook, one of my favorites.  But there is one reason to go to the Woodshed (okay two... they have naughty photo hunt) GRILLED HOT WINGS.  Ask for them grilled.  Get 20, not 10.  You'll want them all.  They serve them with homeade ranch and I don't usually like ranch and am sort of adament about blue cheese with wings.  But, it works with these wings and the dressing is well made.  You'll probably get a pretty colorful Mesa local crowd but they're loyal and it's why the bartenders and servers are so great.  They're treated well and will be sweet and accomodating as a result.  Worth it for the amazing wings, cheap beer, and nice staff.
4	FoodThe best wings in town... Possibly the best I have ever tasted anywhere.  The reason these wings are so amazing is that you can and should get them GRILLED AND HOT OR SUICIDE, they are amazing because of the smokey grilled flavor but not because they are really spicy (which I normally love). Come for the real flavor of wings because you will not get it elsewhere.The beerGreat selection of cheep beers so choose what you like for a good price. Red hook is a good option.Wait staffAsk for Jaime by name, she is fun and a very attentive and personable. She makes this place great even though it is surrounded by nothing in the middle of Mesa.
3	I used to work close to here and would stop in and have a beer and the wings 2 or 3 times a week until the wings changed. They went from a full grown chicken wing to the size of a cornish game hen. Good place for a drink and sports.
3	This is a cool little bar that is too far away from...anything really. Its a bar that most people have to drive to. Most of the regulars live within walking distance and are pretty cool, for bar regulars. The bartenders and wait staff are excellent and make me wish that going there was easier.
4	This is a fun neighborhood bar. A friend of mine who used to live close by it took me there for appetizers and ice tea.  We now do that at least once a month.  The Woodshed reminds me of that bar from that song .... come as you are ... I love this bar.... it is fun and homey. No snobs allowed :)  Just kidding. The food isn't excellent but good enough. The combination of the people, environment, and food all compliment each other. Fun place! Check it out!
3	This is a dive bar. Expect that, and you'll have fun. I prefer Woodshed I, however both are delightfully tacky yet unrefined. Take that Hooters. This place is the real deal that you try to mimic.
4	I started coming here lets say probably 2009...and wondered why I didn't come sooner? I came here because I always used to see their advertisement in the ASU State Press for Burger Madness Tuesday -- Burger, fries, 20oz drink/beer for $5. SCORE! The burger is huge (1/2 lb), crinkle cut fries that are nice and crisp, and yummy iced tea/diet coke. Its not an excellent burger, but that deal makes it sooo good. As for their wings, pretty good as well. Used to be bigger wings, kind of smaller now but the hot is hot, but not dangerously so. One of my favorite places to come for wings. I also like the various appetizers like the mushrooms, zucchini, etc. On Fridays come for the fish tacos, soooo good unexpectedly. Drinks, beers, and their house shot "otis" are great as well. Overall I love this place...just walk in, grab one of the magazines, and salivate till my food arrives and gorge!
4	Great local bar, amazing drink specials, lots of sports memorabilia, plenty of TV's and the Best wings I have had in Arizona (Get em Grilled).
4	Holy smokes!  A 5 dollar burger special on tuesdays at lunch. And its a fresh burger not some shitty costco frozen patty
5	This is one of my favorite dive bars in the area. There is sports stuff all over the walls, great drink specials and daily food specials, and some of the best wings in the valley. Rick, Jeff and the rest of the staff are all super nice and the bar has a really homey feel to it. Be aware, the bar is known to be haunted and sometimes weird things happen when you are there. Sit back, order some wings, down some beers, and try not to get attacked by a ghost.
4	Great Chili Cheese fries and plenty of sports channels to pick from. Impressive shot menu as well. We'll definitely be back!!!
4	Was here at the beginning of Feb for a friend's birthday gathering. Wings? Amazing. Prices are good too. A great casual sports bar atmosphere. I would definitely go back!
3	Nothing fancy here, standard bar food and drinks. They have a big menu though, so there is something for everyone here.  It's got good happy hour specials and the bartendar usually gives a decent pour too. Everyday they have a different special, my personal fav is the Tuesday night Hamburger Madness, which is 5 bucks for a big burger, a side, and an 8oz beer (or regular soda). Watch out for the upsales though. The waitress asked us if we wanted ranch on the side and we both said yes, she charged us extra for both of them. It's wasn't much, but it was annoying.
4	Nice little dive bar on Dobson  & University.. Web site says they were the first  to introduce chicken wins to the East Valley - back in 1979. So I decided to order the hot wings. The verdict? These may be the best wings in tge valley. Ten for $7.95 and on Sunday they give a half order free?! WHAAAT?! With that, they are a better value, and definitely a better quality that other local "wing" establishments. Add 4 beers (beer of the month, Schlitz, Coors, and Miller High Life) for $21. Nice!
2	The slowest bar ever ...Not busy at all =A cup of water = 10 minutesSalad = 40 minutesevery time :(
5	If you're a cheap alcoholic, this is your new haven. Soko & Lime, 1 Bud Light, and 2 pitchers of Coors Light = $14. A Long Island was less than $4. Calm your liver down, I kid you not. It's definitely a place where there is already an established customer base and the bartenders know their names and everyone is chum with each other. If you sit at the bar, you might feel a little uncomfortable at how out of the loop you are, but they're all a pretty friendly group of old timers. Like others have said, nothing fancy here, but when you're downing copious amounts of alcohol like there's no tomorrow, can you really tell the difference? Food is pretty cheap, especially on burger days. Sometimes, the bartenders will give you a free shot just to spruce up your evening after a day of work. TVs galore to watch whatever game you want along with pool tables and a Lethal Weapon 2 Pinball machine to which I have donated a blasphemous amount of quarters to. If you're here for Spring Training or just need a place to getaway while your significant other is shopping nearby, try out this dive bar. All I have left to say is that after a long week, this is a great place to unwind without breaking the bank and believe me, no one is judging you here - or at least they can't because they're way more slammed than you.
5	Great food, no frills! We love this place and voted it the best burger in town. Always relaxed. Beer is cold food is hot and my dad loved the memorabilia on the walls. I live closer to the mill ave location but go all the way to Dobson for the green Chile on my burger yum! Don't change a thing!
1	There were COCKROACHES crawling ON the bar top. Multiple. And many other bugs as well. We decided to just chug our cheap beers and get the heck out of there, but service was very slow AND when we got our check, we had been charged 3$ for drinks that were posted as being $2.50 not only in the menu, but on two other signs in the restaurant. I don't know why I would have to tell a bartender how much their drinks cost, and "Trixxxxeee" was one of the worst bartenders I've ever been served by. I wish I could give this place no stars.
4	Huge beer selection, with a ton of IPAs. I'm always trying new beers and discussing them with one of the managers, who always gives me a good deal, usually discounting me a beer or two that I haven't tried before.Fryers are running till close so if you come in late you can still get appetizers and fish tacos. They have this hot buffalo ranch they put on their fish tacos that I am in love with. I just wish they used cabbage instead of lettuce, and they always put cheese on them, which in my opinion doesn't belong on a fish taco, so I get them without it.Tons of seating, pool tables, sports memorabilia all over the walls, and a secluded feeling smoking patio with a swamp cooler. This is my favorite dive bar to go to, worlds better than the other woodshed.
3	The past couple of times I've been here service has been slow, mainly because there are only 2 waitresses working. The food is pretty good for reasonable prices. They also have different specials for each day of the week.
2	We went there on a slow Wed night, the wait time for our order was a LONG TIME.  The fries came to the table (warm NOT hot) the hamburger was dry.  The chili size was so mild even the hottest sauce didn't help it, very tasteless.  Waitress dis interested in waiting on our table (not friendly at all)... Def will not go back (save yourself $$$$ go somewhere else Please..............
3	Had no idea this little bar was here. Really fun environment with vintage sports items throughout (hello Phoenix Suns from the 90s?!). Great happy hour drink prices, 2.50 for a vodka with cranberry and pineapple. However, was slightly disappointed with the food. We ordered the combo potato skins, and they were overly greasy but bland. However, I wouldn't be opposed to giving it another shot, given the general vibe and cheap drinks. Solid 3 stars.
