5	Love this CF gym. The coaches are really involved and there's a big emphasis on form, mobility and avoiding injury so you can train for the long term. The facility is very basic - but all the essentials are there. I like it that way, the foo foo gym with the latest ellipticals etc is not my cup of tea. There is also a good community here, that is a welcome change from other gyms. I am pretty new to CF - so I may not be the best reviewer, but I really like the feel of Crossfit 602. Keep up the good work 602'ers!
5	I have been going to 602 for about 6 months and cant say enough about this gym. The Coaches are great, they work with you, and they help you. They put together great classes and are always challenging us. The members of 602 are great people. We all check our Ego at the door and encourage each other throughout the process. Keep up the good work 602 staff!
5	What makes a box extraordinary is all about the coaches. The coaches of CrossFit 602 are fun and super motivating! This past year of doing CrossFit, Head Coach Ryan has been more than there for me every step of the way. From starting off and learning proper technique, to modifying workouts during my 4 month knee injury, to getting me ready to compete. You can see his passion by how he goes out of his way to make his athletes better. Tara Dalley is a stunning female beast whom I truly look up to. Watching Coach Ken Miller transform over the past year has been more than inspiring. Armando Cruz is a ball of fun while Levi Jones really gets you working hard! From what I've seen, Ryan has high expectations for the coaches running 602 classes that are undoubtedly met. They keep it professional and challenge you to better yourself. What more could you want?! How about a great group of workout buddies as well! 602 has shown me that joining a CrossFit box is also joining a community, a community of support and good times. Whether your goal is to lose weight, get a six pack, compete, just have some fun while working your butt off, or all of the above the 602 coaches will help you achieve it.
5	Walking into a CrossFit box for the first time can make a fairly-in-shape-but-not-really person feel intimidated or nervous. Some people see the CrossFit Games on TV and gain the perception that they need to look like those ridiculously fit athletes and be able to squat 300lbs to be a CrossFitter.Truth is, that's not really the case, and CrossFit 602 will help you realize that.First of all, the overall atmosphere here is so ridiculously welcoming. The first time I came here everyone working out took the time to give me a heartfelt hello and introduce themselves. I was immediately greeted by Ken, who is one of the owners, and though he was clearly on his way out for the night he happily stuck around to give me a tour, a basic rundown of how they operate, and answer any questions I had.The fact is, CrossFit is for everyone because the workouts are scaled to your ability, no matter what kind of shape you are in or how old you are. And there's no better place to start getting in shape than here. Like most CrossFit locations, this place is not decked out in the newest shiny equipment but that's because you don't need fancy ellipticals and weight machines to get a butt kicking workout. Instead you have barbells, pull up bars, medicine balls, tractor tires, kettlebells, etc...all the basics for the no-frills approach to fitness. You have plenty of support between the helpful and knowledgeable coaches and the encouraging people working out next to you. Consider me the newest dedicated member of CrossFit 602.
5	Best CrossFit box ever! After receiving a kidney transplant in 2010 I was looking for a way to get in shape. I ended up at CrossFit 602 and couldn't be more happy about my choice. In my first 3 months at 602 I lost over 30lbs. Coaches Ken Miller, Roman and Armando Cruz are awesome! They really care about the success of each member. They take the time to teach proper form to help prevent injuries, at the same time they constantly push you to get better.
