5	Imagine rolling into the garage of your recently purchased home only to find water leaking from the ceiling!  That's what happened to me the day before we were about to move in around 7am and I totally freaked.My home warranty company (Old Republic) was useless.  They told me they could maybe have someone over there by 2:30pm.  By that time, the ceiling and walls would've totally caved in and I could have been looking at an insane mold problem.   I ended up calling a bunch of plumbing companies to see who could come out the fastest and one was able to get there in 20 minutes.  One of the water pipes coming from upstairs was cracked (nice looking out, fucking home inspector) and the plumber recommended AFR to assess the damage.  I am sure he got a nice kickback out of it but I needed someone ASAP to get this on the right track and they were able to come in less than 30 minutes.  They ended up taking down half the ceiling and about 30% of the walls of the garage.  The guys then set up 3 industrial sized dehumidifiers downstairs and 3 upstairs which sat there for a week to ensure everything would be dry before repair could begin.  Everyone I dealt with from the guy doing the estimates to the crew that set up everything was great.  3 weeks later and it looked like absolutely nothing had happened!  You would never be able to point out where the damage had been.  Thanks to the staff of Absolute Flood for making a very stressful time go as smooth as it possibly could.
5	Look no more..This company is A++ They are quick to respond and stand by their work.  They came out right away to repair my bathroom.  Jay and Mike are wonderful to work with . Very professional and caring. They really did everything to take care of our bathroom shower that was leaking, due to the fact that it was a installation of our shower was the builders error when they installed the shower in the beginning . They had many many problems trying to find our replacement shower since the company no longer existed. They found one. Wow!!!. They worked really hard with our home warranty company fighting for all the items and repairs that we needed to fix our shower correctly.  This Company is dependable and stand by the work they do..Highly Recommend them. Thank you Absoulte Crew
5	I had a wonderful experience with this company!  They fixed up my water damaged closet wonderfully and with great professionalism and compassion and even shampooed my carpet.  A pleasure to deal with!
5	After reading Yelp.com reviews and cross referencing with current Better Business Bureau files, and NV State Licensing Board, i called on a Sunday morning@5:30am.i started a load of laundry upstairs washer like always,came down stairs, i hear distinct shower-like sound in downstairs kitchen. this is not normal. i never heard it before. i ran upstairs to find the laundry room flooded w/water. i shut everything off. came downstairs and waited for water marks in the ceiling. 2 hrs later, there it was. i freaked out;mold damage is the ultimate curse. in a cluster of townhome, neighbors can also sue if it spreads. a very kind woman Ms. Karen answered my call, took down all my information, and assured me a tech will be at my home less than 1 hr. tech Mr. Carlos  arrived on time, very professional, empathetic,detail oriented, and explained step-by-step process and cost. he was very careful with my home furnishings and proceeded to dry out the moisture. come to find out,the water mark is from original builder sheet rock over a vent!as AC and fan flows cool air,moisture builds and expressed as a water mark. washer likely faulty due to bad water pump/valve/seal.i had to know if it was a bigger problem:drain pipe leakage saturating the entire upstairs floor board. Carlos helped me narrow down the possibilities by watching out for leaks while i tested the drains.whew.. no drain pipe leaks, not plumbing job. it has to be the washer. in the end, he was at my home for 3hrs and never threatened more charges, or acted impatient. he simply said:"we will do whatever you wish to make sure you are happy." for 2 huge drying fans, great customer service, 24/7 on call, less than 1 hour to arrive, empathy, kindness, and patience , worth the $1675 total charge. i recommend them for anyone looking for honest, fast, and accurate flood/water damage repair.
5	Great company to work with.  They will be on time and clean your mess up without any questions.  This is a company that is very dependable and trustworthy.Christine Hubel
5	What started out as water damage repair turned into an AMAZING kitchen remodel. I can't say enough good things about J. Johnson and his staff @ Absolute Flood Response & Construction. It took them less than an hour to get my home upon my initial phone call regarding water damage.  They even had a previous working knowledge of the insurance  adjuster who was assigned to my claim which helped make this whole process much easier.  AFR was always timely, always professional from the office staff ,  to the estimator, to the project  supervisor,  to the labor themselves -- pleasures to work with.  J. is incredibly talented and knowledgeable in his field to the point that I pretty much gave him full reign to design my kitchen.  Highly detailed.  High bar for  quality workmanship and products.  Very generous with his time,  attention  and pleasant surprises.  Surpassed expectations and  I LOVE my kitchen!!!!  It has changed the entire feel of my home!  I highly recommend this company for any services that might be needed.  I plan on continuing to use them down the road when I start phase 2...bathroom remodels.
1	I was going to write a LONG detailed review and explain how this company took us to small claims court (and probably ending up paying more to do so than they got from us.) Instead I'll simply quote Dave Chappelle:"I wish I had more hands so I can give this *company* four thumbs down." PS: There are a bunch of companies that will fix your plumbing/flood problems for under HALF what AFR does. Ones that won't try to screw you with $1900 fans. Do your research people and stay away from  Absolute Scam... I mean Absolute Flood.
5	Holly smokes, these guys came in handy. I had a mini disaster at my chalet in Henderson. Water leaking,  HVAC dumping water everywhere, nightmare! I called these guys on a hot tip from a friend who had similar water features suddenly appear in the house.  Anywho they where prompt,  let me know what was up and came up with an action plan on the spot. Dealing with the INS was a breeze and these guys went to bat making sure it was not only back but even better than before!! Shout out to J Johnson, at first I didn't know weather to take the guy serious with all that hair gel,  but in the end the guy was a pro. Contact these people you wont be disappointed.
5	If your looking for a no hassle experience and want it done right the first time... J Johnson and his Absolute Flood Team have done a wonderful job on making our lives easier when we needed to get our house back in order when a leaking water line to the fridge slowly unloaded a hidden nightmare of water damage under our hardwood floors and all the kitchen cabinets.  Knowing J personally I called him directly and his guys were on site in no time.  I learned that it wasn't a favor, that's just the way the do things.  To get to the point, they handled EVERYTHING from the first ring of the door bell to the last cabinet being installed.  I never knew what went into "flood /mold remediation"  but they took care of the water leak, some of the drywall went south and that was fixed, the cabinets, mold treatment, floors fixed, etc... What a horrible thing to see in your home yet a great experience with Absolute Flood Response.  The whole process was just took a few days, could have been sooner but we had to special order the flooring.  No biggie, we were just so amazed how quick the mess was cleaned up.  I didn't know J's company were/are also general contractors so the process was expedited and it just felt good to have great service and craftsmanship especially bring so hard to find after 10 years being here.  Regardless of knowing the owner of the company, it was a pleasure doing business with the crew we dealt with.  Would totally recommend! 5 star.  Thanks guys!
5	I can't say enough great things about this company and the crew they have. I arrived at my business today to find the sprinkler system had busted and the entire 1500 sq ft store was flooded. Within 30 minutes of my phone call, a full crew was at my office starting the clean up process. The entire crew was extremely friendly and very hard workers. So happy I contacted them A+++!!
