5	Write-ons is a girls dream come true.  Wait, I take that back... it's a girly girl's dream come true.  High end stationary and gifts for all the loved ones in life.  Not just stationary, but house warming type gifts, of candles, journals, kn-icky knacks, appetizer plates, party supplies and all sorts of fun stuff! We ordered our wedding invitations here... they have a wide variety of choices in all budgets.  We were impressed with the selection.  We have not received our invites yet, they should be ready in about 10 days.   I am so excited to see how they turned out!
5	This will become your new favorite store. Write-Ons has the best stationary, cards, party supplies, made to order invitations and special gifts. If you are in need of a last minute hostess gift, birthday gift or any other gift you made need to buy, Write Ons is your place. They had a LARGE selection of invitations for any event you could think of and if they don't have something that you have found online that you like...they will order it. They also always have great seasonal items in the store to collect, its hard to leave the store and not buy something. The owner, Pepper and her daughter, Jenny are two of the nicest people and are so helpful...they love their store and it shows.
4	Really crazy selection of invitations. I cant believe how many books they had!! Wow, definitely more than any other venue in Phoenix. That said, unless you are thinking of invitations over $8/person (not possible for me because I have an insane guest list), then it is not the place for you. I guess they have a lot of invitation books for less, but that selection is not nearly as exciting or unique as the high end stuff.The women who I met there were not friendly but not rude either - definitely tend to leave you alone to sort through things.I didnt end up ordering anything from here because I found beautiful invitations that looked very expensive for a lot less through Hallmark.But this is a place I would definitely recommend to START (and possibly finish, if you're lucky) invitation shopping. You learn a LOT about the different possibilities and styles.
5	I love to write Thank You cards using the cute, unique, quality stationary cards I always find here.  I also love to run out of cards and have an excuse to come back in and roam around the store, seeing what's new and picking up something special - This place also always has the best (and unique!) Birthday Gifts too!
5	Really creative and innovative selection of gifts and cards! They inspire you to say "thank you", "welcome", "I care", "keep in touch", "happy ...." and maintain all those important connections with wonderful friends and family.
3	Write-Ons is a stationery/tchotchke shop in CenPho on the NEC of 7th St and Rose Lane. This is more of a chick store, so guys you have been warned. They have a selection of cards, blank stationery, Vera Bradley bags, gift bags and associated wrap, picture frames, hats and scarves, and so on. The prices are a bit steep, but I needed a couple cards in a pinch and I wanted some good ones. The employees seemed nice enough, but they seemed to be more engaged with people they knew in the store rather than asking if I needed help finding anything. The store is crammed with lots of stuff and can be a bit difficult to maneuver. I usually keep personalized stationery on hand, and I'll probably come back here when I need more. I'll update my review when I do that, but for right now three stars is about all I can give it.
5	This is the only place I go when I need greeting cards. The store has a wonderful assortment of gifts and seasonal items. The women who work there treat you like family.
1	I can't comment on the selection of items, because I barely made it through the door. The staff at this store is very rude. I specifically drove here because I was excited to see what they have here. I LOVE stationery and paper goods and am nostalgic for my favorite stores of that kind from my time living on the east coast. It was 3:55pm on a Saturday, and apparently they close at 4 (I didn't know). When my husband and I walked in, two store people were at the register helping another customer. Instead of greeting me, they looked at my with shock to see me and asked emphatically, "Can I help you?" As though I were in the wrong place. At first I thought I must be confused, that I'd walked into an appointment-only card shop. Realizing they were closing a few minutes later, I explained I had driven to come see the store and that I hadn't realized they were closing soon, and I made a motion for the door. Realizing their own rudeness and perhaps that another customer was watching this, they begrudgingly mumbled something about how I could stay but it was clearly half-hearted. "Come back another time!" they said. I absolutely will not be coming back another time because that behavior was nuts! I worked many boutique retail jobs throughout college and would never have treated a customer that way. In fact, as a rule of thumb, most small shops don't mention closing time to customers until after they've closed, and then only to explain why you're locking the door or pulling down displays (gentle coaxing that you are winding down). They definitely lost a customer today--and for all future visits. I also never write Yelp reviews--I just was so bowled over by the terrible customer service that I felt compelled in hopes that other people won't waste a trip.
