3	While stranded in Edinburgh for an extra night, I was happy to be able to grab a room at the Royal British Hotel on short notice. The rooms were spacious enough and the wi-fi was a welcomed treat! The hotel sits right across the street from the train station, making it a great spot for sightseeing around the New Town or Old Town (or day tripping to other nearby places). There's also a shuttle nearby to take you directly to the airport... convenient! Try the little cafe downstairs -- great place to refuel with coffee in the morning! :)
3	My dad and his brother came up to visit me fairly recently and they found this place to stay on late rooms or somewhere like that. Being a committed yelper, I thought it wise to check it out.My first impressions weren't great. It feels very tired, like an old pub. There's nothing much wrong with it - the rooms are big enough and have all the right things in them (including wi-fi and tea and coffee making facilities), but it could just do with a spruce up.That said, my dad and uncle were quite happy. It was really cheap and the location is absolutely smack bang in the middle of Edinburgh. You couldn't really ask for a better location. So it's probably a good choice if you're on a bit of a budget but still want to be in the middle of it all.
2	For the price we paid and what we got? 2.5 stars the most. We chose Royal British Hotel for its location - right across from the train station that we were arriving in the late afternoon via train and didn't wanted to walk far dragging our luggage behind. We needed to stay just one night as we had reservation with other hotel from the next night. Our room was on the 4th floor. Got into an elevator and it only went to the 3rd floor. Then there was really small awkward stairs leading up to the 4th floor. It was like the 4th floor was just an add on to the hotel.... Our room was an attic. Very tightly designed room with 2 shades that were half broken and a view from the window was roof top of our hotel and there were old furniture and trash shoved on the corner and cigarette butts. Great...Thank goodness we had a better hotel booked from the next day but if I had to stay here for a week, I'd be checking out after 2 nights the most. Maybe it is a good hotel to stay for a short time for its convenient location, but there are tons other hotels that makes you feel like you are in Edinburgh not your grandma's old attic, so go look for those ones.
4	The Royal British Hotel has an excellent location (not so excellent if you have a window onto the street as it can get a bit noisy at night) for exploring Edinburgh.  It is on Princes Street situation between the new town and old town, making it very convenient.  I usually bring groups here so it is easy for the coach to set down right in front of the hotel.The lobby is on the first floor, not the ground floor.  The staff are so friendly (well there is one lady who serves breakfast that comes off a bit strong, but I think she is just in a hurry and our students don't always listen to directions) and are extremely accommodating.  One night after coming back I noticed that I didn't have any tea, just coffee, sugar, milk, hot chocolate, and Walker's Shortbread Biscuits on the table in my room.  I went downstairs to ask for just one bag of tea, but ended up getting handfuls of everything (of course I'll take a handful of Walker's Shortbread).The hotel is undergoing renovations, but in the room I usually stay in, a single, the decor is dated and looking worn, but it is always clean, which is my top requirement.  The room may be a bit on the small side for some, but I always find there is enough room, as I can open my weekend-sized suitcase and still walk through the room without tripping on it.  Although I think the very high ceiling in the room also helps it not feel so claustrophobic.I had a large flat screen t.v. in my room with plenty of channels which seemed to be the envy of one of the people that was on the trip with me because he came to my room to watch a football game as his double only had a small box style t.v.  As mentioned before, there are coffee and tea making facilities with nice brands of coffee/tea/hot chocolate and...  Walker's Shortbread Biscuits.  There are also extra blankets and pillows in the closet, should I need them.  There is free wifi, which is always helpful and a nice treat.  The bathroom is ok...  they do provide shampoo, soap, lotion, and shower cap.  I am not sure about the other bathrooms in the hotel, but my only complaint is a lack of counter space.  There is a glass shelf above the sink, but that is about it.There is a menu in the room so you could order room service (24 hours a day) or you could go down to the restaurant.  I know a lot of our students will sit in the lobby chatting and have drinks.  Our group always has breakfast...  you can have cereal, toast, yogurt, fruit, and/or you can order a cooked breakfast.  You can customize your cooked breakfast or you can order the Full Scottish.  It isn't anything special, but the food is always cooked to order, comes out piping hot, and it tastes good.Overall, it isn't the Ritz, but I always enjoy my stay and prefer it to many of the other hotels we stay at.  For the price, I think it is a pretty good deal given the amazing location.
4	I've never really had the chance to be a "regular" anywhere, but I am at the Royal British Hotel!  As soon as I walk in, they know who I am, I even get kisses from Julie, they send someone down to help me with keys and to get the students to their rooms...  its great!The scaffolding is now down, so you can see the front of the hotel.  There is new carpeting in the hallway...  certainly smells like it.  The colour of the carpet is nice, but doesn't quite match the old paint job.  I am in a different room than the one that I usually stay in (it is like Julie read my mind...) and I am in a single that is larger than the last one I was in...  two chairs!  There is a lowered ceiling, the bathroom is a bit smaller, however the main problem with this room is that whatever side of the building it is on...  there is a club/pub somewhere near by and that is why right now I am typing this review instead of sleeping.However, still a fan of the place, the staff, the location, etc.
2	There's a difference between being Historic and being old.   They are remodeling but it seems to be restricted to the common areas.  The floors are not all on the same level so expect that if you have a room on the second or third floor you'll still have to carry our bags up and down stairs to get to your room.  My room had a horrible toilet that would only flush every 20 times you flipped the lever.  Also no air conditioning.  Expect construction to begin at 8 am sharp.  My room also had other peoples soaps left in the bathroom.  While check out was at 11 am, room service came at 9:30 to politely let me know they needed the room back.
