5	I had a great time at Melissa and Luis's Bachata class! They really broke down the steps and took all questions.  Although we are learning basic bachata, the moves work really well in the clubs and can be used to any song. They look very advanced even though they are simple.  I look forward to trying one of their Salsa classes. I've heard good things.
5	I just moved back to Madison after being away for 11 years, so I was looking for a fun outlet, a way to meet new people and a way to be active.  I saw beginning salsa lessons on LivingSocial and went to the Eastside Salsa's webpage to check it out.  I'm currently finishing up the 6 week beginner salsa class and have just started the Bachata 6-wk class.  I LOVE IT!!  There's no pressure. Everyone is welcome.  And what was great for me is that you don't have to have a partner to learn.  That's wonderful for single people, those who are new to the area or those who can't convince their significant other to come along!  And other dance schools aren't always flexible with that.  James, Melissa & Luis are fantastic instructors who clearly have a passion for Latin dance, but they make it very accessible for those who are new to it.  Field trips to local clubs for Latin dance nights are encouraged even for beginners.  The location is on the near-east side and there's free parking.  It's affordable and the hour lesson is jam-packed with practice, breaking moves down and quickly putting them together to music.  I was amazed at how much we accomplished in just one Bachata class!  After every class I leave I feel energized, even after a long day at work.  I highly recommend Eastside Salsa!  I'll definitely continue taking classes as long as they offer them!
5	A fantastic place to learn to dance salsa or bachata! The instructors are wonderful--they are highly talented dancers and consummate teachers, breaking down complicated steps and welcoming questions from the group. Plus, they challenge the classes with fun combos that are within each levels' technical range and will make you look like a star on the dance floor. Best of all for me, they have three levels of salsa classes. Having been out of the dance world for a while, I was searching for classes to get me back into gear. I know the basic steps for a lot of dances but was finding I couldn't quite keep up with the crowd at the local bars. Eastside Salsa offers an advanced beginning class that was perfect for my level! It assumes you know the salsa basic and turns and then builds from there. It's perfect for someone who's looking to brush up on their steps. The group also hosts socials for you to try out your new skills in a social setting. You get to dance with people you know with music by local bands or DJs. If you're looking for a fun place to learn to dance, or to get your dancing legs back, this should be your first choice!
