5	The Vulture Mine is all about Arizona history.  A miner named Henry Wickenburg discovered an outcrop of gold ore in 1863.  Get your timeline out and plot, "American Civil War,"  then look up "Apache Wars, Geronimo," then find when the silver strike was made that began the silver and copper mines of Globe and Miami.  Finally, pinpoint the "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.  A well-known employee of the Vulture Mine was Jacob Waltz, known as "The Lost Dutchman."  He may have helped himself to a little Vulture Mine gold, later found in a box stored under his bed.  When the weather is good, you can sit in local Apache Junction Cafes and sometimes hear Dutchman Mine finders coaching Dutchman Mine Seekers.  With mapsHow about Disneyland?  When you take the mine car ride, you get a look at "The Glory Hole."  The original was created by a Vulture Mine cave-in.  The once-booming mining town of Vulture City is long gone.  A town named Wickenburg grew up 12 miles away.  But you can go to the site of Henry Wickenburg's mine and step back into Arizona history.  Especially late in spring when the mine's about to close for the season, the temperature's 104 and you're museum-ing in an 1890-era uninsulated frame office with no A/C.  There are tours, there are mining relics to see.  You can buy little bags of Vulture Mine ore-dirt and a gold pan, take 'em home, maybe strike it rich yourself.      If you like history and its remnants, you'll like the Vulture Mine.
1	I wouldn't even give this place one star! We researched on the Internet and decided to check it out. We drove an hour and when we reach the place it's freakn CLOSED! There was nothing on the Internet about that. Sign said closed for reorganization. So we called to see when they would be open thinking that hopefully the would be open before I leave Phoenix in a week. But guess what? The freakn phone number had been disconnected! Go figure! Even if they were to call and say we're open tomorrow I wouldn't go back.
1	I wish I had known this was closed as well. We camped out near here and thought would be a great photo opportunity- Alas, the gates were closed, the signs were hung- and the fence was BARBED.  First time I had seriously considered trespassing- it looked like such a great spot for old timey photos, was tough to resist!
4	We spent an enjoyable morning at the mine; tour guide Tracy did quite a good job even though it's not her usual gig. We were confused on the time the tour started...it is 10:00 during the winter and lasts about 1.5 hours. Tracy was knowledgeable about the mine's history and we were shown many areas with everything explained clearly. It was nice that we could go right up to and even touch most artifacts. Worth the price of $10.
