5	I'm so  glad I found this business. I had been trying to get a person served for a small claims case. The Post Office service didn't work. The same day I requested service from Valley Process Severs, they called back and said they were successful in serving my party. Now I just have to wait 20 days to see to me today. I'm very pleased that the serving art of my small claims case is taken care of. I'm hoping I won't need their services again, but I'm sure hanging onto their info just in case. Vince R.
5	So glad I found Britney at Valley Process Service. I was referred to her by my sister who used her last month. She responded extremely fast and processed my request within an hour.She took a photo if the posting as well.
5	So we somehow acquired the roommate from hell. hardly ever paid any rent at all. Never cleaned up after herself or her dogs. fed her dogs our groceries.  the final straw was moving her criminal sunny slope boyfriend in who was living in a tent and has more mugshots online that anyone I have ever met. without any consent from us and proceeded to feed him our groceries too.. anyway.. Needed an Eviction order served on her. Wasn't sure who to call. I called a few places and most sounded shady. One actually answered the phone "What??!!" so I set out to do some research and found Britney from Valley Process Service. they have very good reviews.. spectacular really. Their website is easy to navigate and is informative. Talked to her on the phone( I didn't call her till nearly 5pm.) and she quoted me $10 bucks cheaper than anywhere else. . I emailed her the documents and she called me back right away to let me know she could handle it the next day. Everything went smoothly. You know how some people are just cut out for a specific job or line of work.. That seems to be the case for Britney. Calm, professional at ease with what shes doing. It shows. It couldn't have been easier doing something I thought for sure would be a big hassle. I plan on letting anyone I know who might need a process server that Valley Process Service is the place to go. They rawk! Our day in court is the day before my birthday. What an awesome gift its going to be to be a step closer to getting the roommate out. :-) Thanks again!
5	I have to say this company was fantastic! Brittany was outstanding! She really takes pride in her job and understands how important this service is. Thank you Brittany!
5	Britney Clark was fantastic with her services! We met her and gave her all the information necessary to serve our party.We handed her an OOP along with a picture of the person needed to be served, and she was able and successful at serving her within 5 minutes!Money well spent, thank you Britney!
