5	Ok, I have to tell you that EVERY time I come to Vegas I stop here before I even check into my hotel! Ben the owner is amazing. He always has something new to share with me and give great recommendations. He has liquors in sizes that you can't find everywhere for awesome prices and his accent is as lovely as his customer service. He always gives me something complimentary although I usually end up spending upwards of $200 each time I go...what can I say I travel with a group! It's VEGAS!!! Enjoy!!
5	Like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/haciendaliquor for updates and special offers!! Thank you for all the support!!
1	What a rip-off!!!Bought a bottle of Kraken Rum, paid $10 too much. $28.99 for 750ml whereas one can buy it for $18.99 at the Wal-Mart on Eastern Avenue next to the airport.Lesson learned!
5	I'm giving this place primarily 5 stars for the honest and outgoing owner and this place deserves to stand out above other nearby liquor stores. He went out of his way to make sure we got what we wanted without getting ripped off. He was extremely friendly and tried to make sure we got a good value for our money. He even told us when some of his products were above average price and what a good alternative for the money was. I looked up the prices online and he was not lying. It was great to have an honest salesman!The prices are pretty average for the country, but better then you will find anywhere else this close to the strip. Unless you are planning on spending spending over 100 dollars you will probably save more by going here than the gas and time alone to drive to your next best options like Total Wine or Costco which are over 30 minutes from the strip.Be warned there are inconsistencies in pricing vs the average. Some things are a great value, like Tito's Vodka. Some things (as you can tell from the earlier Kraken review), not so much. My advice go here and talk to the man. He genuinely seems to want his customers to get good bargans and only carries products he has to sell above market so that he can have the selection everyone wants.
5	Great service.Knowledgable ownerHuge selectionFair prices
4	I don't know the gentleman's name that was working on Saturday, 4/12, but he was the kindest, most informed liquor store owner I think I've ever encountered. He was all about saving us some money while ensuring we got some quality liquor for our fun in Vegas. His service was worth the time of leaving this comment. Kudos!
4	Basic liquor shop with standard beers and a limited tobacco selection. 4 stars because the owner was very nice and very knowledgeable about his products, especially his cigars.
5	The owner Ben makes this place awesome. He helped me face to face, got the things I wanted together and even carried to my car! Came here to get booze for friends on the strip so they didn't have to pay $10 a beer. Not too far, good prices and great service!
5	The reviews are true. The owner of this place is the friendliest and most helpful liquor store owner I've ever come across. Prices seem on par to me and selection is good.
5	What a wonderful place to shop. The owner Ben, goes out of his way to provide great products at fair prices and over the top service! For a small store, they have a nice selection and will even special order items not currently on the shelves.You have just got to check them out!
