5	This place was great! After months of research, I finally found this hotel and on top of that got a great deal on their website! There were 5 of us girls and we stayed in the 2 bed/2 bath suite for $120/night! There was a full kitchenette and a pull out couch in the living room. Also, they have a complimentary buffet breakfast until 9am. Their food selection was really good, too. They also have a pool and a mini market in their lobby to purchase snacks, beverages and even beer. This hotel is conveniently located just a couple of minutes from Westgate Mall. You won't be sorry if you stayed here!
4	Employees were great, hotel room (studio) was amazing for the price. Full kitchen with a full-size coffee maker and all the things to go with it. Dishes, coffee mugs, creamer etc. The bed was really comfortable. It was overall a very good experience.
3	The good: The rooms are nice (especially the 2 room suites) and very clean. The hotel is in a good location, right across the street from the Westgate Center and University of Phoenix stadium.The bad: Internet is wireless but extremely slooooooww. I think dial up is faster. You can pay for "premium" wireless internet (very pricey) but it's not worth the cost. I decided to pay for the "premium" service only to find out that there is no noticeable difference between the free and "premium" internet.  I called the front desk to complain and they credited back my account.The outside patio and pool area is very nice but it's shared with the Spring Hill hotel directly across, therefore, it always seems to be busy with kids running wild.Overall, it was just ok for me.
4	This place has great rooms and great customer service at the front desk. Make sure to sign up for the rewards card and refer a friend if one is near.
4	We had rented out several rooms for a group in December 2011, and everything went smooth!   The front desk was very accommodating - never tired of our questions or requests!  All of the employees were friendly, courteous and helpful.  The rooms were very comfortable.  The beds were firm, but not "hard".   Having the full kitchen was a plus!   Most of the rooms we were in were the 2 bedroom suites, HUGE rooms, each bedroom with their own bathroom was something you don't always get.  The two presidential suites we had booked were very nice and made our group feel pretty special.   The location, right near the freeway helped also since Phoenix seems to be such a huge city to get around.  Restaurants all around, and if you need a regular grocery store - that was close by also.  This Residence Inn is definitely a place to come back and visit when in Phoenix.
4	We stayed at the Residence Inn July 2012.  Our experience was nothing but positive.  The rooms were clean and modernly furnished. The staff was extremely nice and the free breakfast was fabulous. It was far more than I expected for "free breakfast" Also, a variety of shopping and places to eat are in close proximity.  If you have AAA, you can get some really good rates.  Overall, you will get your money worth. This is now our official hotel of choice when visiting the Phoenix area.  Book a room, you won't be disappointed.
5	Stayed here for a weekend to attend a football game at the nearby Cardinals Stadium.  Hotel staff was very friendly and were over-the-top helpful with any questions we had about the area.The rooms were spacious and clean.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the sports complex area of Glendale.
5	Stayed here two times. Great place. The rooms are set up well and very spacious.This time we stayed there's my grandmother was passing away.They extended our reservations four times. The service was great.We stay in a lot of Resident Inns and this one has the best room arrangements and the best oatmeal.
4	I am very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. It is sparkling clean, and each room has a full-sized kitchen. There are plenty of outlets everywhere for your electronics, and water pressure in the shower isgreat.There's no room service, but there are plenty of restaurants in walking distance to the hotel. There is one which also delivers, menu very conveniently placed in the hotel information guide.FREE WiFi for all of your devices, and FREE parking, too. Very, very nice.
5	Great hotel! Friendly staff, big rooms with everything I could possibly need while I am here. This is definitely my new GO TO facility hen I stay in the Phoenix area.
4	I flew into Phoenix for the Tool concert and I needed a place that was pretty central to all my friends who live all over the valley. This location was perfect. It is right across the street from Westgate (tons of bars, restaurants, and shopping) and mere minutes away from the 101 and I-10. As for the hotel itself- it was such a steal for the price. I ended up getting a king studio and it was so spacious. Enough to sleep a few friends after many nights partying around town. Clean, no weird hotel odors, decorated in a very modern yet cozy way, and the a/c was on point! I can't stand the heat so this really is important to me. I didn't have much interaction with the staff but the check in and check out was such a breeze so that made me happy. All in all- I'm very happy with this particular hotel. Marriott just knows how to do it right!
4	I was here the first week in April for a US soccer match against Mexico. I used 2 gift certificates, for a 2-night stay on a Tuesday and Wednesday night. Considering the Renaissance hotel across the street was an extra 20,000 points per night, it wasn't a bad deal. I should also note the Renaissance hotel across the street's a category 6 hotel, and my gift certificates were only valid for categories 1-5.This hotel is ideal for those attending an event at the University of Phoenix stadium. It is across the street from the Westgate center (movie theatre also available), so there are bars/restaurants to eat before or after your event. The walk from the hotel to the stadium is probably about 20-30 minutes or so at a leisurely pace.The hotel itself was okay. There were a lot of USA soccer supporters, as well as Mexican fans. Breakfast was ample. All the fixings for breakfast tacos were available, and being from Texas, I very much appreciate this. There were so many different kinds of condiments and spreads; I think I counted at least 5 different kinds of jam to choose from, which is very unusual! Although I typically give Residence Inns three stars, I added a fourth just for the wide variety at breakfast alone.If you wish to workout, you have to go to the Springhill Suites across the semi-circle. This is also another Marriott chain hotel. Your room key will work for the gym in the Springhill Suites. To enter, go through their lobby and turn left. The fitness center will be on the left. You can also enter/exit directly from the outside, but for your first time, go through the lobby.Residence Inns are like an upscale Homewood Suites (Hilton chain). They come with a fully-stocked kitchen (plates, mugs, drinking glasses, stove, microwave, big fridge etc), which I very much appreciated when we ordered pizza after the match. A light dinner is also provided on certain days of the week, although we were never around to take advantage.I should note the free gift certificates were earned as a result of Marriott's MegaBonus promotions from the past. From July to September 2013, October 2013 to December 2013, and January to March 2014, you could earn one free gift certificate when you stayed two times at any Marriott chain (to up a total of two gift certificates per earning period). The gift certificates are valid from one year of earning. Not bad! Be sure to continually check your Marriott rewards account for promotions!
5	Hubby and I were looking for a place to stay for the weekend once realizing that the JT concert and 1st cardinals game were scheduled for the same night. We knew it be busy and didnt want to fight traffic there and back. However we started our search late (the night before). It was booked everywhere in the area. My husband being a Marriott Platinum member called the Residence Inn and to our surprise they had room for us even tho they showed "full" online. fYI they reserve about 10 rooms Especially for their platinum+ members till 6pm the night before. The girl that helped us was super friendly and greeted us w the same happiness when we arrived.
5	Excellent place to stay. Clean, well appointed for this type of hotel.  Fast easy service and a good breakfast. We will be staying here each time we come to visit the grandparents.
5	Very clean and nice decorated rooms, full kitchen. No bad odors throughtout the hotel. Attentive staff, I called to remove the broken alarm and no problem, quickly switched It out. The FREE breakfast is so good and not just your typical continental, they had eggs, bacon, french toast potatoes. It was sooo good. Good location, walking distance from University of Phoenix Stadium.
3	We arrived late night after driving 6 hours. The late night lobby attendant was on the phone for 10 min he didn't greet nor say one sec or acknowledge us. Nor apologize. He wasn't personable and wasn't great with customer service in general. We were tired not good. There was no bellman to take our luggage we lugged it all up ourselves. The room was very nice and modern. It was nice to have free hot breakfast in the morning, I asked the same guy did they have vanilla ice cream. He said yes I put on my clothes go all the way down stairs and they didn't. I loved the hotel but the hotel lobby attendant kind of made the time sour. I was reluctant to call the lobby for my needs because of his tude.
5	After staying in two other hotels on this 5 day trip, this hotel was by far our favourite. It has a beautiful pool and hot tub. The free breakfast was the best we have had. The layout works great and the small kitchen is perfect if you are on a budget and want to have some meals in your room. There is a microwave but no oven. Our room is spotless and any time we have spoken to an employee they have been great. I wish we stayed here for our entire 5 nights in Arizona! It is a perfect location for checking out a football or hockey game as it is in walking distance to both the coyotes arena and cardinals stadium. Great restaurants and shopping close by as well!
