5	I have been a patient of Dr Stacy for a few months now and I couldn't be happier. She is very knowledgeable, attentive, compassionate, and one of the friendliest people you can ever meet. Being in nursing, my back pays the ultimate price on a daily basis and She and her staff  always know how to "fix me up'. I have referred other coworkers to her and we are all extremely pleased with Chiropractic at the Lakes. I have a very busy schedule and I never have issues getting an appointment that meets my needs, and I love the fact that I never have to wait to be seen once I arrive to my appointment. Her staff is fabulous as well. I highly recommend Dr Stacy Rapp at Chiropractic at the Lakes.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Stacie since she took over the practice. I drive all the way from Henderson, because of the care I receive. They never try to up sale me like other offices have, they just treat me great and take care of my back pain and headaches. I have been going to Chiropractors since I was a teenager and I am now 51. Dr. Stacie is one of the most caring Drs. I have ever seen.
5	I have never been to a Chiropractor before in my life...until being referred to Dr. Stacy. Wow..can I say amazing!! I am a carpet cleaner for a living so you can just guess how my back feels after a week of work. I have been coming here for a few months now and I never plan on stopping. My body feels a million times better after my visit and if you have any type of back or neck pain I highly suggest you give Dr. Stacy a visit.
5	After I got into an accident, back in October, Adam Muslusky (My PI attorney) told me to come here for therapy. It's been 3 months and I feel so much better. Although it was my back that was injured, they made me feel at home and took extra care of me. Dr. Stacy, the main Chiropractor, just had a baby, so they had a fill in and he was just as awesome. I totally recommend going to see them for all your pains!
5	Dr. Stacy and her staff are great!  They treat their patients like their own family and get them better.  If you've been in an accident, suffered injuries to your neck and back, or headaches, go see the staff at Chiropractic at the Lakes.
5	I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and have gone from chiropractor to chiropractor, looking for the one. Here she is!
5	Dr. Stacy and Jessica are amazing! I was suffering from chronic migraines and sore shoulders, neck, and back. After my first visit, the migraines started to subside. After a couple more weeks, I had full range of motion in my shoulders and neck again. Dr. Stacy is my first chiropractor and she has been life altering. I've been able to stop taking muscle relaxers, anti-inflammatories, and I've cut down dramatically on my migraine medicine. I really do feel like a new person. I never thought that something so simple could be so impacting. Dr. Stacy is stuck with me forever!
5	Stacy is the BEST chiropractor in the valley!! She works on mommas and babies as well as everyone else. Her office is friendly and centrally located. I refer ALL of my doula clients and midwifery clients to her for care before, during and after pregnancy. I see her on a regular basis as well. Chiropractic care is paramount for better health. What are you waiting for? Call and go in and see Stacy!!
