1	I think Mama hates me.   I've eaten at Mama Ilardo's once... and that was enough for me.   Our flight came in a little late and it was the end of a long day.    I just wanted to grab something quick to eat before turning in and getting a little sleep.  Since we were staying at the MGM, a quick trip to the food court was in order.   After a quick survey of the establishments here, the decision was made - Pizza!  I got what looked to be the nicest slice of pepperoni pizza.   As I was eating it, I thought... hey this tastes a little strange.   Being tired and hungry - I didn't concern myself with that.   About 6 hours later I was awakened to a unique sound coming from my gut.   .... To make a long story short and you save you, dear reader, from horrible techni-color details I spent the next two days recovering from food poisoning.   BTW - I am familiar with the differences between food poisoning and over consumption of alcohol.   This was food poisoning for sure.  Mama - was this because I didn't clean my room like you asked?  Will I be back?  Um... no.
3	I stopped by Mama's pizza in MGM probably for the same reason most people do in Vegas. You're walking through MGM, hungry, looking for some cheaper options to eat. And if you're not feeling burger, taco, or whatever the other cheap crap is being sold..than Pizza is it.   So I decided to go with the Pizza and wings (see picture). It wasn't fantastic, it wasn't cheap (It's Vegas) or expensive (it's not Aureole).  Bottom line after reading Bill C's story.. throwing up in Vegas I would assume is 99.9% due to over consumption alcohol rather than food poisoning.  So keep that in mind. Anyway it's not a bad place for pizza, but again...it's nothing I'd go out of your way for.~G
5	OMFG this shit is crack!  I ate her for dinner two nights in a row.  I lost all my money so I had no more left to eat.  Fortunately the cheese pizza here was awesome.  I only had the NY style.  The deep deep looked like it had too much bread.  What really makes this pizza crack is the sauce.  It was pretty damn good.  If you are going to order 4 slices for yourself I would recommend ordering a medium.  You save $1.  Woot!
5	omg Chicken WINGS!!!!!They served really good chicken wings, and it's changed how I see Las Vegas.  I now see it with Mamma Ilardos greasy, yellow chicken WINGS!  I liked that I could just request for the juicy, tender wings (and not have to deal with the drier, drummettes), and that they were open 24 hours!
5	Love the deep dish...Must try the classic pan pepperoni and the classic wings.Crust is 1.5 inches thick, but melts in your mouth.Open 24 hours.Line could be long, but give it a try.One of my favorite pizzas ever!
1	I think this was the worst pizza I've ever had in my life. We went there after the UFC show at Mandalay Bay--at about midnight, and just wanted a quick slice. The line was super long, but it moved quickly. The pizza was gross. Dry, flavorless, disgusting. Like it had been sitting out for 2 days. We both felt sick after eating it. What a disappointment!
1	Update 27-Dec-09Gone!  Out of business.  There is some other Pizza joint there now.
5	Best Pizza I've had so far in my 29 years of existence! lol.. it has moved over to MGM grand for those that don't know
5	It's a shame that this place closed down in Stratosphere.  They had the most delicious deep dish pizza.  They were open late and always hit the spot.  Mama Ilardo's you will be missed.  I hope they open up in another hotel on the strip.  It was well worth it.
