4	Island Malaysian has opened their second location in the space that used to be World Noodle- stopped by last night wanting a hot, spicy soup with noodles and seafood to help me beat this illness but found it had been reopened as a new place. Let the server know I was feeling under the weather and what kind of dish I had originally been seeking, and they were able to accommodate and customized a dish!  Seafood tom yum mee hoon is closest to what I got: thick noodles and plenty of seafood (crab, octopus, and overcooked shrimp) all doused in a medium-spice curry sauce with tons of flavor. Really enjoyed my meal, and at $10 including tip it was a steal!Interior is more upscale than expected. Menu at this location is smaller than the original but keeps the mainstays like satay and roti, but majority of menu is noodles, soups, and rices. They must have just opened, as they had no other customers while I was there and exterior has both the old signage for World Noodle and the new temporary signage for Island Malaysian.
4	We found this spot by accident, and we were not disappointed!  The satay was moist and delightful.  We tried the beef basil and the kang kung belacan at the chef's recommendation.  Don't miss the coconut pudding served inside a coconut-- it was delicious.  Service is very friendly and attentive.  Enjoy!
5	I went here with my friend cuz he tried before~. Love the food here~ the coconut dessert is my favor~ the BEEF RENDANG and ROTI CANAI taste so good!!! The restaurant is clean which is good!  I will coming back and try something else next time!
4	Great food Recommend oyster omelette The place could use some pictures on the wall to cover the  holes from previous pictures. The young coconut water tastes f
3	Having been to the original location many times, I decided to check out their second store that just opened less than a month ago. I was a fanboy of their first location, and so far, the new location is ok, just ok.The new location is located about 2 blocks south of the original. It is located in a popular shopping mall, but in a place that once housed a Vietnamese take out, an anime ramen, and a continental noodle shop. Let's hope that these guys can last a bit longer.The interior is nice and reminds me of the dark woods used at the original spot. The service was OK, but a little unpolished. More time and familiarity with the restaurant would definitely help the service out.Ordered the captains noodles and beef with scallions. I was brought out 2 dishes but they were wrong. There was a bit of confusion it looks like between the front and back. After returning them, I was brought out the right dishes in a reasonable amount of time.For some reason, I thought that the captains noodles were pretty much the same as the original, except that the sauce seemed more loose here, whereas at the first location, I thought the sauce was more thick. The beef and scallion dish was OK too. I liked the beef, and the crunch of the green onions provided a nice contrast to the beef. What threw me off were the minced garlic pieces in the dish. The garlic tasted like the pre-chopped garlic that comes in those jars at the supermarket. It didn't have that fresh taste.Everything was OK here, but I thought the cooking is definitely better at the original location. And with both locations being in pretty close proximity to each other, I think you can guess which one I'll be going back to.
4	GREAT service! Such friendly staff. Tried Malaysian food for the first time, it was yummy!
4	Located in the same plaza as Ichiza and Tea Station, you'll find this small restaurant right next to Sushi Kaya. If the plaza is busy, I recommend parking next door where Harbor Palace is and just walk over.Came in at about 730p and it was empty. We were the only people there at the time. Decor is a lot more fancier than expected but prices on the menu are fairly cheap.What we ordered:-Roti Canai: waiter told us this was his favorite. Get this for your appetizer. Very flavorful.-Baby Oyster Omelette: watched a show where the host tried this so we needed to see for ourselves what it'd be like. Asked for it to be made crispy and well done. Honestly, oysters and eggs make a pretty good pair. It's accompanied with hoisin sauce halved with sweet chilli sauce.-Nasi Lemak: a rice dish cooked in coconut milk with curried fish and beef. Comes with a side of boiled egg and cucumber.-Char Kway Teow: pan fried rice noodles with shrimp and squid. It was very similar to chow fun.They don't serve alcoholic beverages yet but was told they would in about a week. Overall, pretty good food and very affordable. This was my first time trying Malaysian food and it definitely will not be my last.
5	Ayam Rendang (chicken) awesome. Gets better the more you eat. Want to try lamb and beef..Crispy shrimp w curry powders amazing as good as lotus of Siam garlic shrimp which is an all time favorite. I was only customer and its a shame, this place should be packed. Staff very friendly.  Definitely check it out. I will be back and bring more people.
