4	New bakery alert in Jean Talon market area! After a couple false starts from different businesses in this spot it looks like Joe la Croute is here to stay and I'm so happy about it. It must be tough to be in the bread game when you sit staring at the enormous face of a flagship Premiere Moisson, but we love our baguette and fougasse here in this foodie 'hood, especially when made with love and great ingredients in small batches. I had the sea salt kamut baguette today and almost ate the whole thing before I got home. Delish, Joe Croute, I wish you all success.
4	A good bakery is hard to come by these days!  I mean there is Premiere Moisson but their selection of breads and pastries doesn't change.  So a new player in the game is welcome news!  You enter this establishment and the aroma of freshly baked bread is so strong in the air that it sells itself!  On this occasion we bought a baguette and 2 baguettine au chocolat.  This is the first time I have seen these Parisian delicacies in Montreal!  Texture was crispy and firm on the outside with such chocolate yumminess on the inside!  Definitely a nice addition next to/near MJT!
4	Standard dinner /sandwich/gravy sopping bread, but not much in way of breakfast breads, which usually when I'll eat bread. Baguettes, miches, fesses, but not much for the sweet types. Very small place, breads priced the same as other boulangeries around town.
5	Based on the smells alone in this place you know it's going to be good and when you finally taste their bread it does not disappoint.  I've tried a few of their offerings and enjoyed them all.  I especially like the couronne.  Just note that bread is all they do so don't go here expecting anything else.  Also it's cash only so keep that in mind.  All that being said this place is definitely worth a visit especially if you're already at the Jean Talon market.
5	A boulangerie is for bread and the smaller the selection the better. Variety comes from the daily specials and we weren't there long enough to to see all the choices. I did try the Kamut levain and a really nutty whole grain bread that was amazing. Toasted with some fresh cheese and wine, yes!You pay by the kilo for large breads so they can be cut to size to stay fresh. That lets you come back each day and try a new selection. We tried four different bakeries and all were good but this pace was head and shoulders above the rest. Keep it simple and keep the quality high. Just wish I had more time. The line moves faster than you want it to.
5	Great place. When I do have bread I splurge and get mine here. Close to Atwater market, they offer many varieties including gluten free which is what I usually take. You order by size. They only accept cash. Friendly staff. You can tell they make their breads with love and are passionate about it. Recommended if you leave near.
