3	Girlfriend says "Want McDonald's for lunch?"I'm super hungry.  But I've been trying to do no fast food for Lent.  Girlfriend says, "Oh yea, you weren't eating fast food yet, right."I see the golden arches in the distance.  Quickly slipping I say, "Um, do we have food at home for lunch?"  Girlfriend says, "Not really, we need to go grocery shopping."I freaking kid you not, while we wait at the red light freaking church bells go off right behind us.  Yes, automated, on the hour church bells.  I couldn't make this stuff up.I say, "Um......"The light becomes green and girlfriend says, "Let's just get it.  We'll go shopping later."  I hadn't made the decision, so somehow that made it better.  I dove in with both feet. Bring on the Big Mac!!!  Coke has never tasted so cold or so good coming out of that giant straw.  And finally, in an act that could almost be a sign from the big G, the McDonald's that has never ever gotten our order completely right - got the whole thing perfect.  So if you ever go here, and don't hear the church bells, check your order before you pull away from the drive through as in the past this location actually gave us 2 double cheeseburgers with no meat.
1	How do you say retarded in Spanish?We ordered fish filet meal and cheese burger happy meal (ketchup and onions only)We got the kids meal and a fish sandwich with ketchup and onion...WTF who does that? On the fish? Come on...
3	Ok, it's a little silly to review a McDonalds, but I was getting some photos developed at the drugstore next door & was a little hungry for lunch, so I popped into this McDonalds.  The seating was comfortable, the service was friendly & fast, my Angus Bacon & Cheese Burger was delicious, & so was the large ice cream cone for desert.As I munched down on this big boy, I glared out the window at 1-Star New Sun Star Super Buffet across the street, & 2-Star King Wah behind it.  This taught me to appreciate McDonalds & write this review.  It's all relative, isn't it?Spent $4.98, left happy!   :-))
2	It's taken me 2 1/2 years to get back around to this McDonald's, here in my neighborhood.  In the meantime, they have done a complete remodel, & it's nice inside, featuring a clean, modern look, & game computers to use (free) at two of the booths!     :-)Unfortunately, there WERE some issues this morning, more important than getting to play a game along with eating.  To start with, there was a nice new hand's free paper towel dispenser in the Men's Room, but no paper towels in it!  I tried to dry my hands on the silly air blower for a while, & then when I gave up on that, had to use toilet paper to open the door.  Not ok!     :-OThere wasn't enough help, so the service was slow.  Also, the coffee also tasted hours old.  (I usually really like McDonald's coffee.)     :-OThis location could be at least one more Star if they'd just tighten up their act a little.Sausage McMuffin with Egg $1.79, Sr. Coffee $.89
3	There are lots of restaurants on this corner (including 2 Buffets!), but you know how sometimes you're just hungry for McDonalds?     :-)     Ok, never mind.So I stopped in here this afternoon for a bite to eat.  When I was here last, 8 months ago, they had just remodeled the place & it was nice inside.  Well, they have remodeled it AGAIN!  Unfortunately, the new floor plan isn't as good as the former one, in my opinion, & they could have bought a lot of paper towels with what they spent here, bringing me to...Next gripe:  Last time, along with the air blower in the bathroom, they had an empty paper towel dispenser.  Now, they don't even have that?  After blowing your hands off how are you supposed to open the door without getting them germy again?  (I got lucky when someone else opened the door, but this is no way to run a restaurant!)Ok, here's what was GOOD here today:*  Super fast service!  Less than one minute from ordering to receiving my food, even though they were busy.*  Everything was put together neatly and served up at the right temperature.*  The menu board now shows how many calories are in each food item!  I'm still going to eat too many of them, but at least I've been warned!  This IS the way to run a fast food restaurant!     :-)*  Excellent value!  I had:*  A McDouble (double cheeseburger):  $1*  A Hot & Spicy McChicken Sandwich:  $1*  A perky little Chocolate Shake with whipped cream & a cherry:  $2.19Yay for a tasty meal for $4.19!  Ok, it was also 390+360+570 + 50? (extra mayo on the chicken sand.)=1370 Calories.  Ugh, but I can't say they didn't warn me.     :-OIf they'd had paper towels I might have given it 4 Stars.     :-)
1	The kids that work here are uneducated with lots of attitude. I asked for a double hamburger, so they gave me a mcdouble?? I don't understand how one can misunderstand this! Then they want to stand there and say its they same thing. I shouldn't have to ask for a mcdouble with no cheese if asking for a double hamburger should make sense right!! The only thing that made this trip worth anything was the manager that was super nice and friendly!
1	This place is in serious need of a whole new crew. One time I was on my way to work stopped for a raspberry tea and what do they give me? Diet tea! Seriously. Idk why I have given them the benefit if the doubt multiple times but I'm done. Another time they completely messed up my order and so when I went in to let them know and asked for a manager, the manager went to the back of the store and would not come talk to me at all. She kept telling the cashier to help me. She was just a cashier! What kind of management does that!? Also don't waste your time trying to call their corporate office because you get nothing but a voicemail that is completely full! This place is a horrible excuse for a restaurant! As are most of the other fast food restaurants in the area.
1	McDonald Manager threating my mom who is elder and disabled with her grandchildren in the car.... bet you didn't plan on my visit lil McChicken Shit.. talking sh*t and saying "Im about to go off" to her she came home crying. Your lucky you didnt set outside.  All this just for ordering a plain hamburger that you messed up the order on not once but twice...@McDonalds seems you train your managers and staff to act gangster and disrespect to elderly disabled grandmothers... well i hope you train them to get their *ass kicked. I will spread the word.  Corporate. BBB, health dept and make the news... whos the owner? Please help...
1	This place is terrible. The lettuce in the salad looked like it had been frozen and unfrozen about 5 times before today. The manager was super rude and you can't get a side salad instead of fries, you have to order your sandwich and salad separately. Then I went to get water from the soda fountain to find out they don't have a water option. I had to go back to the counter where they proceeded to hand me a baby cup full of ice and a little water already "pre-made" in the refrigerator. Definitely will never come back here!!!
