3	While your first thought may not be food when you hear Embassy Suites, it ought to be at least your second, especially if you have kids, and even more so if you have kids who can't agree on what they want to eat.We have one who likes the big breakfast.  Eggs, bacon, sausage, grits, biscuits, everything he can get his hands on.  Then we have one who likes the not-so-big breakfast, which consists of cereals, breads, fruits and the like.  Note that this doesn't mean he doesn't eat a lot of it.  Just that it's not called the big breakfast in our family.So the Embassy Suites holds a special place in our hearts when it comes to food, because both kids are happy when it comes to breakfast.  And they can go back again and again.  Will it win any awards?  Probably not.  But it just fills a need, and it does so really well.  Sometimes, that's all you need.
4	So earlier this year during all those snowstorms on the East Coast and all eastbound flights were being canceled, I somehow ended up grounded in North Carolina. Now I've vacationed in NC before and I know it's beautiful but in the dead of winter with my flight canceled and me looking at having to cough up extra $$ for a hotel, I was none too happy about being in North Carolina, beautiful or not.Since I knew I had no other choice except to spend the night in Charlotte, I wanted to make sure I wasn't stuck in some seedy motel. As a female traveling alone, I didn't want to take any chances so decided on the Embassy Suites Hotel since I'd stayed at one before and knew that even though it wasn't overly luxurious, at least I'd feel safe. There was a free shuttle bus transfer to and from the airport which was very helpful since I didn't need to worry about cab fare.For what I paid ($99 for the night which was decent considering there were probably hundreds of stranded travelers like me calling in to find a hotel room that same night), I got a very nice suite. The front desk was very helpful and sympathetic to my situation and gave me a nice room. It was actually sort of too big considering I was all by my lonesome and didn't even have any luggage except a small duffel bag.  I made the most of it by grabbing dinner downstairs (review to come), taking a bath, and ordering a movie. The bed was soft and comfortable and I slept like a baby.The next morning I had a great breakfast they'd set out downstairs and I took my free shuttle to the airport where I caught a flight to my destination. A nice stay if I do say so myself. 4 stars for service and amenities.
1	I am a hardcore Hilton lover.  This time she cheated on me.  Staying at Hilton's over 165 nights a year I am use to receiving exceptional value.  But today April 26 I have see it all! First there was construction all over the place and it was not listed on their website.  I find that extremely disturbing.  Next was the room.  Some Hilton's show there age, this one hit the wall.  What made me sick to my stomach was I came in from work and the sofa seemed damp.  There was nothing dripping and I had a water bottle laying there so I thought it was that.  The next morning the sofa was soaked.  I looked up at a small maintenance hatch and drip drip drip.....  Called maintenance department they responded and opened up the hatch and assured me it was the cold water pipes.  Now, I get a call from the front desk, had to move to a new room.  Here is why I refuse to come back here and I caution anyone who would be thinking of coming here.   I asked if they could being the key up and a staff person to bring a trolley.  No dice, the clerk sounded as if it were my fault that I had to move!Next, looking up in the open hatch I clearly saw the bottom drain of the shower with bend underneath...MEANING MY SOFA WAS FULL OF SOMEONES USED SHOWER WATER.....  I am posting picture as proof.  Paint chips, water damage, pissed off staff, no assistance with moving....Not what I expected at an Embassy.Two more things to consider.  The hotel seems to be in a "high risk" area.  You see security van patrolling the parking lot non-stop.  The the final nail in the coffin.  There is a freight train line within a few hundred feet and you can hear it clearly as they go by.  For those who are old enough to remember I love Lucy there was a train scene when the Riccardo's and Mertz's were in a hillbilly hotel on their what to see  uncle Ernie and the room shook so bad the bed moved across the floor.I am being a bit dramatic on the train, but the totality of the problems makes it a place that I cannot and will not recommend.  I snapped a few shots and posted them in my page here.  Please take a look!
3	If you get stuck in Charlotte and are flying US Airways, you might end up here.  The rooms are spacious, and clean... relatively comfortable.  Their little general store was out of stock of everything, so we ended up having to walk to a CVS, but we were able to get the hotel shuttle to come and pick us up on the way back which was nice.  The room service meal we ordered was good, but way over priced.  The internet is also not free, which always is a -1 star for me.
1	no please avoid.fire alarms going off all night long.loud party in common area.long lines for food.screaming children everywhere.over-crowded ... avoid!!
3	I stayed here for a conference last month and was pleasantly surprised  by how nice it was.  The lobby was very attractive, the staff was extremely helpful, and the food (especially Omaha Steak House--some of the best salmon ever, no lie) was awesome.The negatives.  Like all atrium hotels, noise from the lobby can funnel up to the 4th floor very easily.  Not a big deal during the day, but it's a different story at night.While the rooms are tastefully decorated, the mattresses have to go.  My room had two queen sized beds and both mattresses had hollowed out pits in the center.  I would stay here again, but I really hope they upgrade the mattresses before then.
4	My room was super big for one person! Must have been a suite. Here's the scoop:+ Friendly front desk staff+ Super huge corner suite (separate living room area with small kitchenette and dishwasher!)+ Good smellin' bathroom soaps+ Super comfy bed+Plentiful parking + Beautiful +Close to major freeway+Tasty breakfast (free!) Not that cheap continental stuff either. A full on omelet area, a couple cereal choices, sausage, eggs, juice coffee, grits (forreal haha)Overall a good choice!
5	What a wonderful place! I can't say enough about the fine staff, decor and rooms. Hubby said the location is convenient to downtown and the airport. We had a suite that was bigger then my first apartment with a separate living room with tv and desk and couch. Our room had 2 large screen flat tv that did have movies to rent. Only downside for me was no tub, but only a large shower. Breakfast was a real fully cooked to order breakfast with made to order omelets, and everything else you could want. All free!! A gracious staff in the atrium setting for breakfast that moves quickly along and restaurant quality omelets to boot! I was greeted with a warm "good morning" from the cooks to the staffers who clean tables. A nicely appointed exercise room and pool area. Three quick elevators so no waiting. This is my new favorite place to stay in charlotte and stays on our favorites list!
5	Grade A+ times 10. Staff was one of the best if my years traveling and staying at hotels. One of the cleanest and spacious rooms ever and if you leave some things home just go to the front desk and its free of charge.
4	An excellent place to stay if you're in the Charlotte area. I spent a couple of nights there and the room was always perfectly cleaned. The suite arrangement is very nice. You have space to work / relax in one room and sleep in another.The layout is impressive with an open atrium that runs all the way up and looks down into a central area that they use for the morning buffet, fountain, etc. And the morning buffet (included with your room) is tasty with lots to choose from. Even a chef to make custom orders.I was also at an event held on the patio and exterior rear of the hotel that was catered by the hotel's restaurant. Everything was fabulous, even for a crowd of several hundred people. I'd definitely return and highly recommend staying here.
5	Stayed here over Labor Day Weekend and had a great stay.  The room was terrific, breakfast was incredible - I stay at plenty of hotels with a continental breakfast, but not too many that will cook to order complimentary.  I didn't get to take advantage of it this time, but they also have a Manager's Reception every afternoon where you can get free drinks.  I read about people complaining about noise, but I didn't hear any.  Then again, I was on the 8th floor and was adjacent to one of the corner rooms.  You might want to request the top floor if you're sensitive to noise based on what others have said, but again I didn't have any issues.  The atrium is beautiful and there is a huge area if you wanted to get together with some friends and hang out.  There is also an Omaha Steakhouse on site that is really good!  Highly recommend!
4	As I have come to expect from the Hilton family of hotels, this Embassy Suites was no exception. I was staying with my husband and a friend of ours after a wedding and we were all very happy with the hotel. Despite one rude encounter with one singular night staff front desk employee, everyone we talked to at the hotel was very friendly, helpful and generally awesome. Even the cook-to-order chef at the included breakfast area was very friendly and super nice, at 6am! The lobby area was very nice and welcoming, well kept and clean. The rooms were the standard suite style rooms, plenty of space, which nice accommodations, decor and very clean. The pool area was slightly awkward, as the pool was indoors but there is an outdoor area to lay out on lawn chairs and sunbathe. The bartender at the manager's reception was super nice, and made some great suggestions for local dinner places to try. They also have a shuttle that will take you within 5 miles of the airport, and dropped us off at the lightrail station to get into downtown Charlotte. I was pleased with our stay and would recommend the location to anyone visiting the area (if you don't mind a lightrail or car ride into the city as it's a ways out from downtown).
5	Stayed there the other night. Priceline express purchase.   Great attitudes from front desk to omelette cook! Rooms clean,tidyGreat experience. Value
1	I travel for business 40 weeks out of the year. This hotel is by far the worst experience I have ever had. About 25 minutes after getting into my room there was a knock on the door, the manager wanted to inspect my room for someone complained about smelling smoke. I figured this was some whacky routine of theirs, I let him in and he cleared the room. Ten minutes later he was back asking me, no telling me that I have to leave. Am I a smoker? Yes. Did I even have a pack of smokes with me? No!  There was no talking to him, he was on a mission to have me leave. By far the worst travel experience I have ever had.
4	Lots of good things at this hotel. My wife and I enjoyed our king bed, and the way the room was segmented like a mini apartment.Breakfast was awesome, they have a station that allows you to get cooked to order food. Managers reception was a nice addition, get a few drinks while snacking on some chips and enjoying the amazing atrium.My one complaint is how wifi was advertised as free on our booking website, however its a 24 hour charge. Luckily the service was excellent and I got a coupon for the night.
4	I like this hotel.  I've been here a lot in the past few months and they have never left me disappointed.  Every single time the van has either been waiting or is pulling up as we are walking out of the airport.  Maybe that's just lucky timing but in my line of work, it's one of the tiniest things that I actually appreciate the most.The staff here is pretty nice overall.  I've gotten attitude from the front desk in the morning while trying to sort out a last minute schedule change but oh well, maybe she was having a bad day.  The rooms are cozy and the beds are one of my favorites, I never fail to sleep well here.  I love that they are suite-type rooms so I can close a door if the atrium area is being noisy (which it generally never is).  The wifi is fast, the breakfast is fresh and delicious.  This is a big business traveler spot so beware, the gym is packed first thing in the morning.   Overall, not a bad place to stay for the night!
3	I have to start out by saying this hotel is very nice, the rooms were nice, location was awesome but....Yes there is a but, the Breakfast Buffy is Terribly handled and you have this huge line only to find out I waited in line for pancakes and did not have too, could have slithered up and asked for them instead of waiting in the omlet lines for 20 mins and the wife ordered an omlet and it was wrong.LAME LAME LAME setup.Other than that the Front Desk to the Room were very good..
1	Rude front desk upon check in- bad first impression No maid service on second day- had to call at 5pm and ask for towels at least. RUDE restaurant employees- pompous...got the eye roll and all...food not so great either. Over-chlorinated pool...could not let my daughter swim because just sitting in there for only 10 minutes burned our eyes and noses. Expected better quality from Embassy Suites but was VERY disappointed. We travel A LOT from North Carolina to Texas several times a year and have never stayed at such a rude, arrogant, unprofessional hotel EVER! Will NOT stay at Embassy Suites EVER again.
4	Great hotel. When u first walk in you know the hotel is above average.  Complimentary happy hour. Enough said. Rooms are very nice very comfortable. Nice flat screen TVs   The staff is very friendly and helpful. And there is a steakhouse on the first floor. This is a great place to stay.
2	Don't let the fancy-shmancy atrium distract you!Room had ROACHES!!!Flat screen in the room was _tiny_!In door pool was also _small_, and always crammed full of kids.  Seeing that many kids in there, I opted not even to dip my toe in--you know how kids are in swimming pools!On-site steakhouse was disappointing.Location was in the middle of a seedy-looking area!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this hotel. After reading the negative reviews, I was a bit skeptic, but everything was really nice. The front staff was wonderful. The manager's reception was pleasant. Great breakfast, clean rooms, etc. I was a little annoyed I had to pay for WiFi, but fortunately I was traveling for work. The only downside here is the area of town it is in. I walked to the convenience store down the block and that was a mistake. Creepy, creepy.
4	I have stayed at many Embassy Suites in the past, so I was expecting the same quality from the one in Charlotte. After been stuck in traffic, I was so glad that my companion already checked into the room. When I walked into the lobby, I noticed that it was extremely beautiful and there was foliage everywhere. I felt like I was in a peaceful rain forest. I adore the glass elevators because it was nice to see the nice atrium as I was going to the sixth floor. I was welcomed with a spacious area with a table for work, sofa/bed, tv, refrigerator, and coffeemaker. The bathroom was spacious and clean, but the bedroom was everything. The bed was so comfortable (thankfully) because I spent a lot of time resting. The morning buffet was simply ok. No real complaints because it was free. My companion ordered an omelette, but the center was cold. Yuck! At least there were other items to choose from. The hotel is far out, so if you aren't driving, the options are limited for food and entertainment.I wasn't pleased about the fact that there wasn't free wi-fi. I was pissed because I had so much work to do. Because of the proximity from the rest of Charlotte, I am not sure if I would stay here again.
2	Not the best Embassy Suites I've stayed at but not the worst either.  Maybe the second worst?  The employees were super friendly and answered the few questions I had without pause.  The breakfast was on par with their other properties.  The guest room I was given is where they lost the stars.The place is in need of some serious updating.  The room I stayed in had definitely seen better days.  The carpet, the light switches, the paint - everything looked tired and just about worn out.  Also, the smell of too-much carpet freshener seriously overpowered the senses.  I thought it would dissipate if I switched the fan selector to "on" instead of "auto" but I was mistaken.  I'm not sure what odor they were trying to cover up but I don't really want to know at this point.  Next time I'm in Charlotte I will stay somewhere else...and hopefully get a better night's sleep.
4	This was our first time staying here and were very pleased. The staff was really friendly and our room was spacious and very clean. The AM complimentary breakfast was also very good and once again a super friendly staff.
3	I spend more time in Hilton Hotels than my own home which usually leads me to selecting an Embassy, Homewood or Home2 property.  I like the multiple room layout, living and sleeping areas accompanied by a kitchen or bar.Location: Not very familiar with Charlotte I had no idea what the location of this property was like.  Had I know I probably wouldn't have given it a chance.  Morning and Evening the streets surrounding the property are beyond capacity.  The traffic is enough to raise your blood pressure and need a drink from the Managers Reception.  The neighborhood is not much better, it's pretty much "The Hood".  Other than the onsite Steak house, which is great, your options for dinning and shopping reflect the economical make-up of the locale.Interior:  Like all Embassy's the interior Public area is light and airy.  The rooms are outdated and dark but at least they're clean.  The staff is extremely attentive and courteous.
3	I'd say this is an average Embassy Suites.  Hot Breakfast, big rooms and fairly clean.Only issue I have here is the customer service.  When we were at the airport, they did not care very much that we were outside freezing.  They were unable to give us a time for the shuttle and when we pushed them, they said the driver's phone is down so he will be there when he gets there.  When he finally arrived an hour later, which is absurd as the hotel is 10 minutes away, we asked about his phone without telling him the situation and he said the phone was fine.Second issue was that we requested a 7am wake up call so we do not miss our early morning flight, and one was never given to us.  And while this isn't the hotel's fault, we had kids either next to us or above us that were jumping up and down off the bed and laughing at full strength around midnight for about 2 hours.  My girlfriend got very poor sleep.Again, is this place a resort? no...it is a warm bed and a roof for the night and that is it.
1	Worst Embassy Suites Ive been to in my life. They need to remodel the rooms, it doesnt feel like a hotel at all it feels like im in a cheap motel. Shuttle was 30 mins late and the breakfast opened so late. It says they open at 6am and we waited till 6:45 but they havent served the food yet, so we just left to catch up for our flight after wasting almost an hour of waiting for the food... Worst hotel ever! Dont be fooled by the name, my family and i love Embassy suites  but this one is just awfully bad.  Not worth staying at all, id rather go to hyatt or renaissance just next door next time Im here.
3	The rooms are nice but the included breakfast sucks.  We stayed here twice.  Once on our way down to Florida and on our way back. We counted in the breakfast the first time and we're disappointed.  The second time we didn't even bother.  We skipped it and went to IHOP.  They would be much better off to just lower the price of the room and not even offer the breakfast.
