1	I am not impressed with this store. Although I've always loved the merchandise they carry, I finally made my first purchase four days ago. The item I wanted wasn't in store (even though she initially said that the computer indicated that it was), so they offered to special order it for me. I agreed, and when she rang up the item, she told me that it was on sale. She said it would take 10 days for the order to come in...a bit of a wait, but it was the only way I could get the item. When I got home, I saw that the money was already out of my account. Four days later, I received a phone call from the store that they couldn't special order the item because it was on sale. I asked why the money was out of my account, and why it took four days for them to realize that they couldn't special order my item (no wonder it takes them 10 days to get the item to people). They couldn't answer me, and offered to give me a refund. First they wanted me to come back to the store to process the refund. I said no, and told them they would have to do it over the phone. I wasn't about to waste gas going back to the store for their mistake. She processed the refund, and when I asked her why I could purchase the item on the Brighton website for full price (no sale online, apparently), but they couldn't special order the item for me as promised, she had no answer for me.So, it seems to me like Brighton decided that they didn't want to honor the sale price. I had to purchase the item (I couldn't get it anywhere else - and believe me, I tried) for full price from the Brighton website. Somehow, during my purchase on the website, my basket indicated I had two items in my cart. I immediately changed and updated the cart so that it only had the one item I wanted. When I was checking out, it said that I would be able to review my order on the next screen. Well, apparently that was wrong. It completed the order, and somehow I was charged for two items, not one. I am positive that I removed that item from my cart.When I tried to change the order, their website says that orders cannot be changed after they are placed, but rest assured I could return the item to a Brighton store if I no longer wanted it.That's all well and good, but what about the shipping I had to pay for that item? That's $2.50 out of my pocket for yet another one of their mistakes.After this purchase, I am never stepping foot into Brighton again. I can't believe the horrible way this company is run. If you can, go somewhere else.
1	I am a regular shopper of Brighton jewelry.  I don't know why I continue to go into this particular store in San Tan Mall!  I am rarely greeted when I enter the store.  They act as if you are an inconvenience and have hassled my TWO returns WITH RECEIPT! I have had to deal with the difficult woman, Hilary, both times.  I brought it to attention of store manager.  I keep saying I will drive all the way to Chandler. They clearly do not understand the importance of exceptional service in these days. So, to Chandler location from now on!
