4	OK, so I'm a sucker for the Old Vegas style.  The New Frontier has great room specials and sometimes you can get a HUGE suite for the same price as a room somewhere else.  (I'm serious -- it was bigger than my apartment in SF!)  They have $1 frozen margaritas downstairs and the biggest country bar in Vegas, complete with two-steppin' cowboys and their ladies.  It's hard to find food after midnight, but that's not why you're there...  http://www.frontierlv.com/
3	I went here during the Consumer Electronics Show in 2006, and I had to book at the last minute so I was paying about $300/night for this place. It's definitely not worth that much. The atrium suites are decently clean but nothing fancy. I was just glad to have a place to stay! The pool looked nice but it was too cold to go swimming. The sign out front said there was mud wrestling, but I didn't get to see it.
2	You want Old Vegas? Here you go. This place and the Stardust arethe oldest on the Strip. Unlike the Stardust however this place showsits age. Room we had was pretty decrepit. Broken furniture,stale cigodor even though supposed to be a n/s room. Location is not ideal.Why stay here? One reason would be if you're going to party all nightat Gilley's (which we did one night--enjoyed the bikini bull riding). Another reason might be the huge pool,one of the largest I've everseen. Besides that this place has nothing going for it. It was slatedfor the wrecking ball years ago,why is it still standing? Strange.
3	The New Frontier place is kinda divey. I dont know how it got the "New" part in the name, as its obviously old, and there's been no maintenance on the place for about 30 years. The carpets smell musty. This place reminds me of the one in The Shining. You'll have to walk for about ten minutes to get to your room. The multi coloured red carpet, and fake wooden finishing spell fancy for the 70s.After a while, the old style gaming area grows on you, and once you accept it, this place is cool and Vegas all over.Driving in, we know we're close when we see a large hotel wrapped by a roller coaster. Paddy says, "you ain't seen nothin yet". When we do arrive, we still haven't seen anything yet, when we get lost in what turns out to be a hotel carpark.Vegas deserves it's reputation, and is huge fun. On the first night, Riet and Chap get tickets to Celine Dion in the hope of seeing plenty of tackiness and kitch. Celine delivers in her new show titled "A new day". Chap went along just to keep Riet company, but comes back singing "I drove all niiiiight to get to you", and even bought her CD.
3	The Frontier is the only gig in town that still has bingo and an awesome cowboy bar complete with mechanical bull, and scantily-clad cow chick servers. I did not stay here, but only visited. I'm seriously thinking it would be a good place to stay though, the location is good, and it doesn't appear to be outrageously priced. It is a little aged, but that's what gives it the charm.
3	"OK" hotel if you want to stay at a place that is cheap on the strip.
5	my friends & i absolutely LOVE this hotel.its on the strip right across from the wynn hotel and right next door to the fashion show mall.  its not a tourist trap [no crowds, no mile hike to get through the casino to your room] and we get a great deal on the HUGE atrium suites.  the pool is also about 12 feet deep and thats unheard of nowadays!been staying here for 10 years - hope they NEVER do away with it!
2	ok we didn't live or play at this place, only stop by to eat. they raised the buffet price compared to our last visit in 2005 summer. although on the front door banner it says" the orchard buffet ,mon -sat, $13.95", they told  us inside because it's friday night, they charge $18.95 instead.without enough patronage the buffet food is old and stale . I heard all the casinos raised their dining price, so we didn;t look around at all. lesson learnt, no buying unpopular buffet.
4	For those of us who are tired of hearing about the newest mega resorts and table service and Cirque shows, the Frontier is a nice change.  It's definitely a taste of what it used to be like here before the moving statues and dancing fountains.  It used to be about gaming and booze, and both are prevalent here.  The casino boasts a big center bar with poker machines so old they only take quarters.  There's a decent sized sports book and some restaurants and counter eateries scattered about. The one time I stayed here, we got a 'suite' for $40.  The room was HUGE with a full bar, but the only bed lived in the sofa.  Anyway, after a night of doing it up downtown style it didn't matter WHERE we slept just as long as we did.It's not fancy, but the bang you get for your buck definitely makes this place worthwhile.  Plus, it's at the north end of the Strip making it easy to get downtown. Rumours of demolition abound.
3	The Orchard Coffee shop buffett....I was starving and just could not drive anymore so I went in it really was not to bad for 12.95 pp it was an Italian dinner buffett...Some of the Pasta's were okay ..the prime rib was good..All you can eat shrimp (tasted fresh)Plus the waitress let me order food 2 go which is not supposed to be done 1 star for that alone
5	It is with great melancholy that I learned yesterday of the demolition of the New Frontier casino and hotel down on the lonely end of the Vegas strip.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9THikNnagsYes, high end Vegas is a lot of fun. But, I really had a soft spot in my heart for this truly old-school place.I was first schooled on this place in 2002 by an old co-worker (thanks, Whipps) who dragged a bunch of us out for a round of rides on the mechanical bull - after which I had sore groin muscles for literally six days from the 25 seconds of leg clenching for dear life.Last year, I had the distinct pleasure of spending a festive evening with friends (also on a business trip) in an effort to escape the corporate drudgery of the casinos and clubs up the strip. Our Tuesday evening went something like this: chicken strips, Jack Daniels, bull rides, fried mozzarella sticks, Miller Genuine Draft, potato skins, wagering on the mud wrestling, more beer.  You get the picture. And, I can't help but mention one of the coolest gambling contraptions in the entire state of Nevada... the mechanical horse-races. Man, I hope that thing was spared. Please let me know if anyone spots that awesome machine.  Good times.God speed, New Frontier.
