3	Stopped by here since our usual joint was closed. Had pho dac biet and it was yummy. It was loaded with meat, tendons and meat balls, which is a plus and its broth was darker than what I am used to, but very aromatic and yummy. My son had the rice platter with BBQ pork chops and he liked it very much. "Mmmm, goot," he says. :o)I give them a 3 star rating because we were there at 9:15 and they werent open yet. The sign said that they open at 9:00.
4	Two days ago I felt drained and fatigued at the end of the workday, so I went to Pho Binh Minh - one of those "gems in rundown strip malls" - to recharge. The VERY tasty Bun (rice noodles) with grilled pork and shrimp was a great pick-me-up, and the delicious Vietnamese iced coffee gave me such a buzz that I was ready to climb the walls an hour later ;)  The experience was so positive that I went back today to try their fresh spring rolls and the brisket and steak pho; both were excellent. The restaurant is simple and spacious, the service was good, as were the prices - especially if you're on a tight budget. I guess it's just the strip mall setting that kept me from giving this place a 5-star rating, and that's hardly their fault.
4	Had the combination crispy noodle dish, it was soooo delicious!! I'll be back here for sure!
4	Very good food. It's Grilled Shrimp Vermicelli.
5	Omg there food is so good my fiance and I would come here every two weeks and sit in the same spot the waiter already knew what I would be ordering.  The spring rolls are AMAZING :D
5	I almost DON'T want to write about this place because it's so good and I am selfish. This little hole in the wall is some of the best pho I've ever had. I actually finished the entire bowl, which is something I never do because I just couldn't stop eating it. The owners are totally sweet, remember regulars by name and order, and check in constantly. I had the Pho Tai, which was quite quite delicious obviously. My dining partners had the Pho Tai Chin Nam and Pho Ga. The one who got the Pho Ga said it's one of the only Pho places he can find that has a soup base that isn't pork. We also ordered some spring rolls, which were gobbled up within seconds. The rest of the menu looks really great too, I can't wait to come back and order more!
