2	I bought a gift certificate for a mani-pedi for a good friend who had just delivered a baby several months ago when I was visiting her in Charlotte. I received a call from her when she was able to finally get the chance to redeem her certificate. When she presented her gift certificate on check-out she discovered that it was several days expired. She had been extremely busy as a healthcare provider and new mother and had even taken her baby with her that day to get her nails done. She understood that she the certificate was expired, but tried to explain that she had been unable to use her certificate since she had not had much help with her child (now old enough at 6 months to be taken on errands) and had been working full time as well and to please allow her to redeem it as I had already paid for it. The associates refused, and she paid for the whole set. I called from the DC metro area to also beg them to please allow her to use it as it was only several days late and I had already paid for it and was told it was against policy. I have given this business 2 stars at this time due to their customer service. This is a rather new business, which would have received repeat business had they at least tried to work with her. Instead they received a free $35 from me for services which were not rendered. I do not need a refund and do not expect one. Rather, it would have been reasonable for the business owners to work with the customer in a difficult situation. In addition, most gift certificates don't expire in 6 months - perhaps a better policy would help.
3	I recently bought a Groupon for a pedicure here, so I decided on Saturday that it was time to use it.  I checked out the terms of the deal, and they require an appointment, so I called to see if they could get me in right away, and thankfully, they could.  So I drove straight over and was taken back right away. The pedi was pretty standard.I forgot to ask on the phone if they could also do a gel mani, and of course they said yes.   Unfortunately, the were rather busy, so after my pedi was over, they sent me back up front so another nail tech could do my mani.The guy doing my mani did an ok job, but he was distracted several times, which made me feel that he wasn't really focused on what he was doing. The shop was clean and had a good selection of OPI regular and gel polishes.  They also had cute little "bear" pedi chairs for the little ones. Overall, my experience was ok, but I must say that I was disappointed when I got home and saw that I already had a chip in the nail polish on my big toe (I wore flip-flops and did not put shoes on at all, so I was surprised to have an issue so quickly.)  So far my fingernails look good, but we will have to wait and see how long the gel mani lasts.  Hopefully, it will last the standard 2 weeks... I will write an update once I see how long it does last.Also, the Groupon I bought was for 2 pedis, and I was a bit nervous when they marked my online voucher as "redeemed" despite the fact that I only used one of my 2 pedis.  I will also write an update when I go back for my second pedi if I have any trouble redeeming the second pedi.
1	This place has the worst customer service I have experienced. The staff is rude and apparently doesn't accept customers after 7:10pm.
1	I tried this salon for a second time hearing from a friend it was under new management. I will not be back. Yes, it was a lot less crowded then my usual spot and now I know why. My pedi was VERY quick. There was only one other customer  so it wasn't because they were busy. I was asked if I wanted callus remover. I said I no because I didn't have calluses. She said it will be good for my dry feet. I agreed because my usual salon includes it. I was asked if I wanted a manicure. I said no. She was persistent saying it would only be $10.00 extra so I agreed. It was barely anything except for the cut on my finger that bleed for an hour and still looks bad a day later. She cut my cuticles, rubbed some lotion very hard on my hands and forearms, barely buffed my nails (not to a shine) and that was it. At check out I was surprised to find the callus remover (a gel put on cotton pad placed on my heel for 30 sec) was an extra $5.00. I felt deceived.  This salon is marked off my list.
