5	Amazing selection of meats, cheeses, kitchen equipment and chefs jackets.. everything you will need to run your restaurant.. even pizza sauce by the gallon. The downside.. you have to have a membership or know someone who has one to get in.. the upside, no crowds and no free samples like Costco.. nothing worse than trying to avoid a line of people volleying for free food!
5	Great supply store everything you need and offer ice storage bags to keep you foods safe till you get it back to you walk-in cooler.  Friendly staff and quality products
4	awesome place to shop
1	I have been a member of Restaurant Depot for about 6 months now and I find the customer service to be horrible. They are constantly out of stock on many items and the employees walk around with no sense of urgency, as if they are doing you a favor by being there. If by some stroke of luck you happen to find one of their employees shuffling around the store and you ask them a question, don't expect an educated answer, just expect a glazed over look as if you were speaking in a foreign language, and expect the answer to be "I'm not sure" or "I don't know". I have literally asked when an item would be back in stock and have gotten the answer "it could be any time there is no way of knowing", as if every time they get a delivery it is a surprise. Once you are finally done crusading through the gauntlet of disappointment be prepared to stand in line for at least 20 minutes even if you only have 2 items as they have no organization or concern as to their speed of service. After all, business owners have all the time in the world and are never pressed for time... yes that was sarcasm. Once it is finally your turn to be checked out, keep your fingers crossed that your cashier doesn't leave mid check out, and yes this has happened to me several times. In closing, I have rarely ever left Restaurant Depot with out being more stressed out, more annoyed, and out of time. If I had any other Restaurant Supply options in the area I would be spending my money there already.
2	My first review although true was unfortunately filtered so if you would like to see it please read the filtered reviews. I also wanted to update my experiences. Although everything that I said in my original review is true, the customer service has become a bit better. I also noticed that things have been in stock more often. In the past month or two new managers have been running the store and that may be the reason why. It's not where it needs to be yet, but headed in the right direction.
2	I always dread going here every week but as a small cafe we can't afford the high food delivery cost. So what I'm stuck with is this place. They always seem to be out of a lot of their products and it takes weeks for things to get back on the shelves. I've been waiting 3 weeks for 32oz plastic cups and still none available. The quality of the products here isn't bad and reasonably priced. However, I suggest staying away from any Chef's Quality brand items! The staff here are extremely useless if you need some help. I always get an "I don't know" when asking where something is or if it is in stock. Also, the checkout lines here take FOREVER so be prepared to wait.
5	After my experience yesterday, I had to write a review... The manager Joel (I think that was his name?) saved me and my mom! My cousin got married yesterday and my mom was in charge of the breadsticks for her reception. As we were preparing the food, she realized that she had never picked them up!We pulled into the parking lot at about 6:30PM. THEY CLOSE AT 6:00PM! Luckily, the exit door had not been turned off because the workers were still inside. We ran in the exit and asked the manager to please let us buy just 2 boxes of breadsticks. We were so happy when he said it was fine. I don't know if he is just an awesome guy or if the panicked look we had persuaded him. Either way, we made it back the reception just in time with breadsticks in tow! Thank you so much Joel!
5	Had to update my review due to the store adding a fresh fish section to the market.  We here in Arizona have no access to the ocean but restaurant Depot makes us now feel as if we are on shopping on the Gulf Coast lots of friendly staff reliable foods for the restaurant business our partners for success.
4	Great quality produce and fresh meat. I buy all my ribs there for BBQ competitions and have never been disappointed.  Great selection of dry goods and spices. Don't expect to get in and out quick as they are always busy.
