5	Was in recently to look at purchasing an ipad. Justin was very attentive and helpful. The whole Verizon team was very friendly. Probably the best experience I've had with a wireless co. THANKS GUYS!!! Keep up the good work!!!
1	been a loyal Verizon Wireless customer since 1999, so before Verizon Wireless came about. Anyhow, I was in the store for about 10 minutes looking at the Samsung Note II, no one came over to help me. Others that came in after me, they received help but not once did someone come over to see if I needed some assistance of had questions. The sales staff would just walk by me without even making eye contact. Was it because I looked young, as in i'm 27 so they assumed i was just browsing? Regardless, shame on the employees as well as the manager of the store! tsk tsk tsk!
1	If you are a Verizon customer, find another store.  They have no clue what customer service is nor do they care.  They are a bunch of comissioned sales people that care about one thing...selling phones.  They sold my son a Samsung to replace an iPhone and the transition (contacts, pictures, etc.) was a nightmare.  The store personel offered absolutely no assistance.  They basically said that they were busy and didn't have time to help or talk with him.  He spent 6 - 8 hours on technical phone support and they were extremely helpful.  If we had an option, we would switch all our accounts from Verizon but our son lives in a remote area of California and Verizon is the only option.
1	No help with what I needed what so ever. The few employees I talked to were clueless.
1	It would be difficult to explain how bad the service is. The manager is a joke and more interested in flirting with his female staffers than serving customers that wait for 30+ minutes and then walk out (my family included).  Went to one reseller for phones and another for accessories and they were all well aware if how bad the store is.  They knew the location before I named it.Don't trust the pro-manager post here.  That's gotta be him or a friend trying to run damage control because this guy is annoyed by customers that interrupt his standing around and flirting and laughing with the help to ask how much longer the wait will be.  And the kicker?  He answers with your order in line, not how long the wait is.  Have never seen worse service anywhere.  And they do not care as customer after customer becomes frustrated and some even walk out.  Truly amazing.
5	I have dealt with this store for years and had OK service in the past but recently the staff here went way above and beyond to help me out.I have a commercial account and I needed to add two phones. Last Wednesday, Michelle helped me and directed me toward two phones that were free but also had a $100 bill credit each, after the first month. (Score)I also needed some tablets. I already have a few Samsung Galaxy 6" tablets that work well. Michelle told me they were on sell for $100 and they would each have a $25 credit to my account. I decided to wait on the tablets as I don't need them for about a month. However I had a bad car charger that was only about a month old and Michelle got a manager to replace it for me free of charge. (Score again)A week later I get a call from Michelle at the Verizon store, The Samsung Galaxy Tablets are now FREE with a 2 year plan and I still get the $25 bill credit. I asked her to grab me 3 and I would be in the next day to get them. (Score Again,)I have never had a sales rep pay that much attention to my needs but it didn't stop there, she knew I needed cases for the tablets and this store was out so she stopped by another store the next morning and got the cases from them so I wouldn't have to make another trip. (Score again)I had 3 tablets that were eligible for upgrades so we upgraded those, got 3 more, got cases and I needed some other accessories that the manager couldn't discount but she authorized another $100 credit to my account.I know this store is busy and I have had to wait 3- minutes in the past to be helped but when they treat you like this, it is worth the wait.
4	The process of changing my family over from Tmobile to Verizon involved two visits to this store (not their fault).   The first visit, I was quite underwhelmed by two major drawbacks.  The first was that a grumpy man (the apparent store manager, shift manager, or something fairly important) came up to us as soon as we got in the store.  He was holding a tablet and stylus and looking down at his screen.  "Name?" he asked us.  I was like, "What?"  I mean normally when you walk in a public store that has a lot of space to look around, you're allowed free range -- not immediately accosted in the first 20 inches of real estate with no greeting and no explanation of why this retail store insists on getting the name of every person who walks in the store.  "How does he even know I want to sign up for the 'I need organized help' list??", I wondered.  Eventually I asked him why he needed my name to walk in the store, he offered the generous explanation "To get help".  I gave my name, but his process did not seem to help the situation out much (took about 30 min to get "help" -- I think I would have fared better by just insisting on wandering around the store and then asking for help when I was ready.  The overall process of not being allowed to do this was quite off putting.Then a younger fellow began helping us.  He seemed very ignorant of the options available and not at all good at dealing with people, even after we explained our objective.  I don't feel like it's appropriate to use the public internet (i.e., Yelp) to out people by name for non-eggregious behavior during negative reviews, so I'll leave them unnamed.The next day we came back.  Michelle Jacoby helped us out and she was absolutely amazing.  I was worried because I'm NOT a fan of businesses that staff their "help" team with what seem like teenage girls but after we started talking, I realized this was not the case..and after we got into it a little, we realized that she was really in tune with what we needed and wanted and was willing to always tell us ALL the options that pertained.  She was creative at solving our needs and we are VERY HAPPY with our brand new Samsung Galaxies, and the children love their tablets (which were FREE, thanks to Michelle's knowledge of a coming sale, which allowed us to pay $50/tablet up front, then get them both refunded a week later).GREAT JOB!  A star lacking for the grumpiness and awful process of day1, 4 stars for the final results and MIchelle's excellent service and personality.
1	Horrible wait time which always seems to exceed the estimated times.They will NOT honor online pricing! After a half hour wait that was supposed to be 10 minutes, I went to Target. Same phone -- lower than online price- and got a $20 Target card. And the sales agent was more than wonderful.Beat me if I ever set foot in this store again!
1	This place is untrained.  How can you tell me the min you bring out a phone that you are already taking a loss on it before we even talk price horrible selling skills.  Then under allowing on our trade in seems like we need to make a true phone.  Helping you find the right phone for the right price.  We walked in and ask for someone in sales  then after waiting for  a few min I hunt down a sales guy who proceeded to tell me how I'm wrong about a phone.  This is a green pea mistake..  This place is got to change.
