5	I was drawn to purchase a deal April Gaybreal was running based on her presentation and the fact that she uses high end french products.She is so warm and friendly right out the gate by returning my phone call right away making it super easy to book with her.She is really a doll ,very compassionate while i was sharing my skin concerns.going the extra mile with her skin treatment extending the time and explaining everything as she goes through the steps..!I love the essential blends she uses,and the calming vibration there, a real day spa feeling at her studio.Also it was awesome that she does an amazing face and shoulder massage for someone who is not an actual massage therapist.She does NOT get pushy about buying products or booking before you leave.I love it that she gave me some free samples of some excellant European products she uses called YonKa Paris.Looking forward to going back.April save a time slot for me..!
5	I was first drawn to Aprils studio because I saw a great deal on Groupon and Living Social. I've had facials in the past where the esthetician couldn't explain what she was doing or why, and couldn't really help me with my skin concerns. Within moments of being in her studio April was accommodating, warm, professional, and informative. She uses a great product line and does not push it on clients, however she does explain what the products are actually doing. I've been struggling with acne since my teens, but for some reason in the past few month I've been having crazy breakouts. She explained to me that my breakouts were hormonal and suggested not only products that may help, but dietary supplements as well. Since seeing April little over a moth ago my skin is looking better than it has in months! April genuinely cares for her clients and wants the best for them. I'm looking forward to my next appointment with April.
5	On a whim, I purchased an Amazon Local deal for a Petit Facial from April.I don't consider myself a super girly girl, but I figured a facial isn't anything crazy...just trying to look a little less dry? (I mean, come on, this desert!)  First, her space is very calm and relaxing.  April is genuinely friendly and super nice.  When I had my first appointment with her, she was very informative (letting me know what she was using, what was in it, why she was doing it, and so on).  She put it to me straight in telling me that for my age, my skin could look better.  She listened to my concerns (I have super sensitive skin) and I felt comfortable with the products she used.  After three visits, I can already see a huge difference in my skin! More hydrated and less congested skin? Yes please!  I HIGHLY recommend taking a little time for yourself and making an appointment asap!
