5	I have always considered this a cheesy restaurant (no pun intended) but after eating at their dine-in on Indian Bend road, I was pleasantly surprised!  Great extras and great food!  Open 24 hours a day is pretty cool.  On a side note I think the mall owners are going overboard on inexpensive Mexican dines... Taco Bell, Filbertos, and now Chipolte and on the same corner.  Poor planning and a little unfair to the restaurants!
1	Food poisoned. Trip the hospital. Needless to say I'll never be eating here again.
3	Update!!! You guys don't server cold burritos anymore!!!!! Thanks ! Good food here! They have a good .99 menu everyday!!!
1	Extremely salty carne asada tacos! The meat was inedible it was so salty and I'm a fan of salty foods so that's telling you something. The horchata was bland and watery. Tables were dirty but that wasn't so much of a big deal I guess. Oh not to mention over priced! I spent $22 on a crappy burrito and 3 tacos. Come on! Would not recommend! I don't understand why this chain is so popular. It's NOT worth it.
3	Wow! This is a tough one...This place smelled like shit.   No other way around it. Came in and all the tables where up and things were being cleaned. I wondered if maybe someone had an accident.Still wanted a Arizona (California) Burrito so I hooked it up. There 2 red salsas are both kind of watery and to make it worse there was a fly constantly buzzin around my head. Still though.. I felt there should be. It was a great burrito. It was huge also. This place is kind of like the Mexicanization of a Americanization of a Taco Burrito place.  And I am happy with that..  The kind of place if I lived in the area I would probably come back to every week.And they have Tamarindo Jarritos.. which i love!
2	Place smells like butthole but they make a damn delicious shrimp burrito. If you choose to eat at this sketchy joint make sure you get that order to go.
4	I am a fan of all these Aliberto's, Filiberto's, Antonio-Berto's, Stephanopolis-Berto's places. Most all are filthy, in lousy locations & neighborhoods, but the food is usually pretty damn good and inexpensive. Also, I think they are all 24 hours as well. Not only is this location 24 hours, but it's also clean, & in an area where I don't feel like I will be shot at, and the food is really good and very reasonably priced! So glad the concept has moved into the mainstream, and would love to see more Scottsdale locations (hint, hint... Like in my neighborhood up in N. Scottsdale... Mr. 'Berto)!
5	So far so good Taco Tuesday's are awesome cant beat that i would definitely eat here again
3	This is a great place for quick Mexican.  I don't even THINK about Taco Bell anymore.  I get the same thing all the time and am never disappointed.  I am THRILLED there is finally one in Scottsdale minutes away from work!
3	Not bad, not bad...could be better. For some reason they are a lot more expensive then I remember. I love mexican food! Even taco bell but if I have a choice I will still drive down to Los Betos on Hayden and Thomas.
4	This place needs way better reviews because I fell in love with the tacos here!I got the carne asada and the adobada taco - both were good and had gigantic portions of meat, guacamole and other toppings but the flavor of the carne asada was absolutely amazing!If I lived in Scottsdale, I'd easily become a regular here!
5	I was afraid of Filiberto's for a lot of years.  They had only a handful of free-standing (that I knew about) 24-hour walk-up type places, and the stories I heard of people coming out of there indicated a gastrointestinal revenge of some type.  No bueno!However -- since they've opened up the Pavilions store, my heart has opened up to Filibertos!  Their portions are HUGE, their food doesn't taste plasticized or like it was just previously in a freeze-dried state.  I love their bean burritos with sour cream added.  Dreamy!The staff are a little tough to navigate.  They sound very irritated a lot of the time, and I'm not sure if they're a little sick of inhaling the fumes of nearby McDonald's or what.  Inconsequential.  Mmm Filibertos!
2	So lets just be clear here, I love Hole in the wall joints. Particularly Mexican hole in the wall joints. While I wouldn't actually categorize this place as hole in the wall, I noticed some of the reviews seemed concerned about that. I wouldn't be. This is like going to El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell. During my stay in Scottsdale I went twice. Once for breakfast, and once for Lunch. Breakfast was absolutely delicious, with one small exception. I had a Bacon burrito with rice added (I highly recommend adding rice to breakfast burritos! its good). It was well wrapped, not too messy, plenty huge, and easy to eat in the car. The one complaint I had was the cheese. It was this bright neon orange gelatinous stuff. It just tasted oily and not very good. I also had the Super Nachos or Nachos supreme or whatever its called. Same problem, the cheese was just too greasy and oily. It didn't have much flavor. On the plus side, they pile on the sour cream, guacamole, and meat. It would have been nice to have some beans on the nachos too though.I would go back for a Breakfast burrito (sans the cheese), but thats about it.
4	For fast food, this place rocks! It's open 24 hours, has amazingly huge fresh portions, and always has a good-size handful of customers that seem happy with their food :) I love the chicken taco salad, although I wish the shell was corn instead of flour. The beef rolled tacos with guac are tasty and the fresh salsa bar that includes gardineria and fresh cukes is a plus! yummers!
5	Thrilled that this place is now at Pavilions.  It is not only convenient, but extremely cheap and quick.  The food is fresh, and the portions are huge.  I was always scared of this type of place but am now a fan.  My only complaint is the drive thru is slow, but the service inside is fine.  Have actually found myself eating here weekly...
1	Poor customer service everytime. The first time I went through the drive through they gave my order to someone else (after waiting 15 minutes in the drive through) which created two unhappy customers, then wanted me to wait for an additional 10 minutes while they made the correct order. The second time my order was ready and the girl at the window was too busy talking to co-workers to notice. Good food, but go to another location.
4	Mexican food the way my god intended it to be....huge portions and dirt cheap.  The fact that it's good is just a bonus.
5	Went through drive ordered carne asada burrito rice and beans... line went fast and food excellent ... I love their Spanish rice... im glad I found this location!
3	Well not sure I would give it a 5 star review. Its a Filibertos --- nothing really wrong - nothing really outstanding  except I like the carrots and cucs.
4	I love this place!  Authentic mexican food at inexpensive prices.  Friendly and attentive staff.  The cleanest Filiberto's I have seen.  I visit at least once a week during the lunch hour.  The Chile Rellenos are awesome, lightly battered, lots of spicy sauce... just simply delicious.  Taco Tuesdays (99 cent tacos) are a great bargain.  Complimentary salsa bar with multiple hot sauce type salsas, sliced cucumbers, and a fantastic spicy carrot/onion/jalapeno/chile salad... all free.  My only complaint is the salsa bar, soda fountains and cashier area, which are all located up front, can get very congested... I wish they could rearrange that somehow.  Oh, plus it would be nice to offer a chunky (pico de gallo) type salsa on the salsa bar, similar to Baja Fresh.  Check out the website for coupons - great deals!  You also will receive a bright orange (can't miss it) set of coupons with each purchase, to use on your next visit.  I'm a fan!
2	Food salty and no flavor excepted grease
4	Can't believe I've lived in the Valley almost 10 years before my 1st visit to Filiberto's.  I've tried several things on the menu, but this is the bottom line - the places are SPOTLESS.  The food is cheap and real and good.  I'm partial to a tostada when I'm in a hurry.  I'll get an enchilada plate if I'm in the mood to sit down.  Both fill me up.  The salsa bar is always a nice touch, although I don't think their salsa is the best.  Quality fast food and a good price.
1	If I could choose less than one star I would. Filberto's is worse than methinks not!! Let me describe it another way - the food here is crap!! The prices are expensive and whom ever considers this Mexican food they deserve to get ripped off.The beans on my plate were like a lump of paste. Wait paste has more flavor and texture. The Taquitos sucked because they were flavorless. The rice tasted like the cardboard box they came from. Very rarely do I throw food away. Normally I would take it with me to eat later but not this stuff. Should I go on - hell no, just don't go here. Go across the street to Taco Bell which really is not real Mexican either but at least it is edible!!
4	Very fast drive thru. My bacon burrito was a little on the soft bacon side for me. Ask for cruncy and it would have been a ten. I added pico to it great flavor combo as good as at home. Tortillas were fresh always a plus.
4	Located just off the 101, I drop in here for lunch and breakfast quite often.  The Queso Monterrey is awesome and addictive and when it comes to mind, I have to have it.  Below are a few menu items I've sampled.Bean & Cheese Burrito, $2.50 or $1.98 with a couponhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=oSJ58ABgIq2TFjeRLNTXmg#oSJ58ABgIq2TFjeRLNTXmgCarne Asada Burrito, $5.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=jHXxF8BQJX-fWOmm08D3PA#jHXxF8BQJX-fWOmm08D3PAQuesadilla, $3.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=6Ac-zNf8JfrsDKIENxje3Q#6Ac-zNf8JfrsDKIENxje3Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=oEULZHEQrQjvI4GppysguA#oEULZHEQrQjvI4GppysguAChips, $1.00 w/Queso Monterrey, $3.00http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=-O8i4x4IPRX9aa6yJZweFQ#-O8i4x4IPRX9aa6yJZweFQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=TK-CGg1FzQH-0f1t--N25g#TK-CGg1FzQH-0f1t--N25ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/filibertos-scottsdale-2?select=6T3NQkwl9DGSJBWFQAfwNg#6T3NQkwl9DGSJBWFQAfwNgThey have a Salsa bar where you can select from a variety of different Salsa flavors....mild, med, spicy.  There's also freshly sliced Radish and Lemon avail as well.There's plenty of seating in the restaurant, but it can get busy during the 12-1 pm lunch rush.  I usually go just before or after that time period.Return Factor - 90%
4	Good food for a fast food joint.  The staff is usually very cool (I'll admit to having a bit of a crush on one of them), the prices aren't the cheapest out there but the quality is generally good, and the daily $1 deal usually rocks.  Add to that the free salsa bar with assorted goodies....I've rarely been let down.
3	I am impressed with this Filiberto's.  And, I believe Heather C has it right -- "Mexican food the way my god intended it to be....huge portions and dirt cheap!"Sorry, normally I don't begin a review by quoting another Yelp'er and in this case a friend as well.  Up until a years ago, we had never been to a Filiberto's before and found the food genuine and good.  Another positive working in it's favor, is that Filberto's runs variety of specials during the week (see photo).  Like Taco Tuesday and Bean Burritos Thursdays.  I view Filiberto's as a restaurant that someone from Mexico would start, after eating at a Taco Bell.  Heck, I even thought about doing it.  LOL  Which I imagine, was the original story behind it; and lo and behold: "In 1986, Flavio, Aurelio, Francisco and Filiberto Tenorio had a vision of opening an authentic fresh Mexican food restaurant. They successfully opened their first one in San Diego, California, and they named it Filiberto's  In 1993 Filiberto's opened its first best Mexican fast food restaurant in Mesa, AZ." http://www.filibertos.com/ajax/kitchen.htmlRecently we were shopping at nearby Lamps Plus and Home Depot and decided to have dinner.  Funny thing, one of us wanted a burgers, while another wanted a burrito. So I took mine to go and met at McDonald's across the parking lot.  Funny but true.  Several of the employees nodded their approval.So, a Three and a solid Half Star "A-OK" rating, just short of Four Stars.  I'll see you in the parking lot.
5	Best fast Mexican food in Scottsdale.  We get food to go once a week and the portions are big.  The prices and quality are also good.....Long live Filiberto's!!!!!!
3	Buyer beware they have raised the prices here again!!!!!
1	Make sure you order the day before so get your food in time. If you come at night, expect to wait 30-45 minutes.
2	Sadly, all good things must come to an end.  Much like my relationship with Los Betos, so goes mine with Filiberto.  Maybe his cousin will be better.On my last visit, the chips were burnt. The guac tasted old.  The cheese in the enchilada had re-solidified to some disastrous inedible wad of nastiness.  Yes, I threw out cheese.  And the beans were just...there aren't words to express the horror.  Dry, stiff, terrible flavor.  Thankfully the taco was good, as was the rice.  It's a damn good thing I buy a lot of food!For now, I say goodbye.  But I know in my heart, someday I'll be back, remembering the good times, hoping he will have changed...Until then, I leave an extra star for the memories.
4	Got my standard meal and was surprised how decent it was at this chain. The five rolled tacos meal with double rice was $6.99. The tacos were very thin and crispy and had enough guac to last the entire meal. Even saw real chunks of avocado in the guacamole. The rice was cooked perfect and free carrots and onions were included on request. I also splurged and got the $3.99 cheese quesadllia which again was excellent as far as those things go. They also now give you coupons for your next visit, which is a new twist for these kinds of joints. Good meal after five beers, but might even be good anytime.
2	As others have said, this place is meh at best. I love me some filly b's, however, this place is :1. Slow - 10-15 minutes in the drive thru line is common2. Expensive - Carne Asada burro for $7+ now. I can go down the street to another filly b's and get one for $5.
4	It seems like I'm always ordering the breakfast burritos when I come here. I wish I would change it up sometimes but they're so hard to pass up when I'm craving Filly B's!
1	Yuck. I went around 2:30 am to the 24 hour pickup. The food was greasy, doughy, and tasteless. It might be the worst Mexican food I have ever had.
3	This place isn't the greatest Mexican restaurant in the world, but it isn't the worst either. I  like Mexican food, but I don't care for the slow service and half warm food I got. I've been in a few times, which is why I give it three stars. The service could use some improvement. I don't think a smile would kill them. And since it's not all organic, I think the prices could be a bit cheaper. It's a hit or miss with this place.  Some days it's great. Other days, you wish you would have just let your 3 year old loose in the kitchen with last years leftovers.Best I can say it try it for yourself. You'll either love it or hate it. Or like me, you'll deal with it when your in town.
2	Not really that great. Large portions though.
3	Not the cheapest, not the best, but it was open late on a Sunday.the Nachos were good, from what I remember...The drive though took FOREVER. I guess that might be a good sign at a Mexican food place though, if you know what i mean. if it was the only place again ( I cant believe Taco Bell was closed!) I would give it another go.
1	25 minutes in drive thru. Ordered beef tacos. They tried to hand me chicken at the window. Gave it back after honking the horn and waving arms like a maniac. 3 people back out behind me. 20 minutes later got the order. Wouldn't have waited if I already hadn't paid.WTF FILIBERTOS?
2	I'd like to give a couple stars for the quality of the food but it's hard to judge the quality when they can't get your meal right....This location is super busy & it looks relatively clean, that's about as far as I want to dig into it..... You ever get that feeling like your not wanted- well thats the impression I got from the lady at the counter. Felt like I was bothering her with my presence. Ordered a beef chimichanga and she confirmed my chicken chimi order so I had to specify beef. Ordered a couple rolled taco meals & sum hard tacos-all with rice & beans. With every item she asked "is that it" NO, we would like to continue ordering if possible..... read back the order and somehow we had a chicken chimi at the top of the list. had to revise that for a 3rd time. We specified rice & beans with all the meals. "OK, in come with it" A couple minutes later we received our order and good thing we did a quality check. Only the Chimi had rice & beans..... So of course we went back up to the counter and the lady then said-"you want a side of rice & beans? That will cost you....." REALLY??? We asked for rice & beans with every meal. Promised we would get rice & beans, got our order NO RICE & BEANS! Now we have to pay for it. I like a Filiberto meal every once in a while but this place JUST PLAIN SUCKS! You know what else, I showed the lady my phone with my whopping $.50 YELP discount and of course she blew me off and didn't apply it. Why offer a cheesy .50 discount if your not going to honor it. It's only .50 but the snowball effect of their epic customer service entitles me to cry a little about everything.
5	Absolutely the best filiberto's around. Super clean, friendly staff, and amazing super rolled tacos!!!
2	Well as usual the rolled tacos lacked the quality of my first visit.  They were mushy in the middle and some parts of the tacos appeared maybe to not even been dipped into the fryer. The guacamole quality also not impressive this time and the cheese on the rolled tacos was not melted at all. Very concerned about prices for this item too as in most places you can get 5 of these for under 5 bucks always,  but they are 6.50 here with tax. Not worth it based on quality and not even a healthy dose of alcohol helped either.
1	We have been to this filibertos many times in the past with good service and great food however today ( which by the way will be our last time ) the food was really bad, we ordered supreme nachos, shredded beef taco and a I think a chicken taco ( I ordered a grilled chicken taco which the lady at the registered repeated back when she took our order ) all I can say is what a disappointment .......
1	I refuse to eat here again. A piece of plastic from the bag containing the raw beans was in my cooked bean burrito. They have raised prices again at this location, They did make me another burrito, but i don't want to eat at a place that doesn't care about what they serve the customer.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED:  Fili B's rocks!  Open 24/7 so whenever you've got the craving that only Filiberto's can fill. My review is rather limited, as I admit that I order the exact same menu item EVER single visit. I hear they have other delicious menu items although I'd never know. I order the carnitas burrito and it is delicious. Starting with the fresh tortilla...  It's perfect. Warm, fresh and very tasty...  It only gets better from here. The pork is succulent and perfectly caramelized perfection. They've added fresh guacamole and pico de gallo that add an additional explosion to your impatiently waiting tastebuds. Top this off with their salsa bar and pickled carrots and you've got one of the best burritos in the Valley!They have 8 valley locations and offer weekday specials.
3	They were a bit mystified by the 50 cent off check on coupon, but let us use it anyway.
5	Check out their special of the day. They have a good item on sale for a dollar each day. I come here on Wednesday for the bean burritos. For just 1 buck you can't go wrong. I add cheese for 50 cents. Their red hot sauce doesnt taste good so get the green instead. Cheese quesadillas are a dollar on thursdays. Great food for a awesome price.
