1	First time I ever visited this store I had to get a custom frame done for my boss. I ordered it November 17th 2012, the manager told me it would only take 1 week. I checked back on the frame 2 weeks later to see if it was ready because I had not received a call. The guy told me he would look into my order and give me a call back soon. December 23rd I call back and they tell me they don't have an order for me...I went into the store to show them the receipt for which I placed my order, but they told me that was a "draft" of the order and it had not been paid for. I bring in the receipt AND my account statement to show them I had paid for the frame and the manager was unapologetic and didn't give me any discount or something to make up for their mistake. A week and a half later I FINALLY received my bosses frame . I don't think I will ever use Aaron's Brothers again because they charged me to expedite my frame when the manager honestly should have just expedited it for screwing up and they are so expensive. I was charged over $300 to create a simple silver frame..seriously?
5	Went here for the first time. Always so the commercials and ads but never came in. We recently bought some art from unknown artists at Comic Con here in Vegas and needed them framed. As soon as we walked in a guy named Levi said hello and asked if he could help us. He measured our art and took us to the area to find the perfect frames. They have a lot!! Good thing they had a buy one and get second one for a penny!! After we picked them out we went back to the counter and a lady helped us to determine how to display them. We upgraded the glass to museum and had them place and seal our art. This was about 10:15 shortly after they opened and she told us when they are done they will call us and it probably would be the next day.To our surprise we got a call same day 3:45pm they were done. We went in to pick them up. They unwrapped them and showed us each one. BEAUTIFUL!!The clerks were very helpful and nice and we are very happy with our frames. We will be back in the future.
2	Hello....hello.....hello. Did you hear that?  It's the echo in this place because I can't seem to find an employee in here!  Actually I did find one, but he was working on a custom order with another customer but seriously, he was the only one working. This was a weekend too, what the heck?!  I do love the variety of frames in here, I mean c'mon, who doesn't love picture frames?! :) I just wish there were more employees to answer the questions I had. I tried calling to no avail after waiting around for the one employee to finish up with the customer but they were taking too long so I left.  This place could do so much more business if they would have more people helping. I did come in here once before and wait for it, there were not one, but two employees. *gasp* I was not greeted at all that time though which makes me wonder why I came in here a second time. Maybe if they have a sale on and I know what I want, I will be back. Otherwise, I will just walk over to Michaels and pick out a frame.
