4	I'm so happy! No more drives to Tempe for my fix...Awesome burgers...nice, big, new location!!
2	First time to any Smashburger. Figured one that just opened would be at the top of their game... I sure hope that's not the case for the chain though, as it really wasn't that great.Went on a Tuesday evening around 7. Place was pretty dead. Cashier was friendly and on the ball. Ordered a Classic Smash with a side salad and an Arizona Grilled Chicken, extra lettuce & no guacamole, also with a side salad.Took a while for the order to come out which was kinda weird... but it's worth the wait for non-heatlamp food. Around 8 minutes from payment to food.Got home and saw my sandwich had guacamole (and a TON of it btw, don't need an ice cream scoop worth!) and... no extra lettuce. It's on the receipt so I know the cashier got it but obviously the cooks don't pay attention (or don't care?).Otherwise it was ok. Nothing that blew us away... just another boring cookie-cutter fast food burger place. I'd put the food quality on par with Sonic maybe? Not a slight against either; we love our Sonic. But when you're spending $20 on two people for a pair of sandwiches... it better be damn good.Go to the Habit or Five Guys instead if you want a REAL burger for this price range :)
5	Very good burgers and great customer service.  I've only been there once and I'm sure I will be back again..
1	I just went to smash burger for the first time and I'm completely disappointed.. I order an Oreo milkshake for over $4 and the dude behind the counter keeps half of it in his own cup! Not cool.. After that display of total disrespect, I won't be back
3	Burgers are great but the salads are too small to make a meal out of. Sweet potato fries, regular fries, and veggie fries are great too. The veggie fries are super oily so I don't know if they are actually any healthier than regular fries, and the regular/sweet potato fries are more delicious. I don't recall there being any outdoor seating which is sort of a bummer, but it's still a good place to grab a quick bite to eat during the work week.
4	The food is delicious and fast service.  The workers here are great and even funny at Highly recommend this location..  Parking is a little tight though.  The bathroom is the cleanest fast food bathroom I have ever seen.  Nice to see for an eating establishment.
4	A little more than I would like to spend on a burger in fries. LOL, but they gotta pay the bills.
4	This was the 2nd time I've been here and both were great experiences. Customer service was fantastic, the staff seems to like their jobs and the burger was great. My only complaint is the Cobb salad was pretty plain, meaning there were a few ingredients on it but small amounts. Otherwise, this place was.pretty darn good!
5	No complaints from me. :-) I walked to the counter (it's cafeteria sytle...fine by me) was greeted cheerfully (but not obnoxiously so...love that), ordered the avacado and bleucheese chicken club and a hand spun butterfinger strawberry milkshake (yummy!) and seated myself.The sandwich was good, especially with the added bleu cheese. I enjoyed my meal while playing Hay Day on my phone (love that game!) I'll definitely be back .
4	I was in AZ on vacation and had planned to eat at several nice restaurants, but as we drove by smash burger we had to give it a try. We liked it so much we ate it twice in one week. It was hot fresh and delish. It's a fast food place but the staff is very friendly.
5	Great service at the counter, very reasonable prices, delicious burgers and fries served quickly, great service on the way out!
5	Great burgers made with REAL BEEF, fast & friendly service.
5	Yay!  A Smashburger closer to me!Burgers are always fresh, and I love the smash.  No shrunken patties that become a thick glob of meat.  Not only does it stay nice and uniform, but it has the wonderful sear as well.  I always go with the Classic Smash, although I was able to sample some of their other options at a recent event.  I was shocked I liked the black bean patty!  The toppings are always fresh, too.  No wilted lettuce here.  And their fries are really good, too!  The employees always provide great service, and seem happy to have a customer.  A novel concept in this industry.  Thank you!
4	Better than fast food and great when you don't want to drive all the way to steak and shake, my first fast burger love... They have great burgers and a variety of fries and veggie sides even!  Also they are always really fast! Yummy...
5	We were here for a Yelp even and I have to say that I was impressed. I know that the staff and management will be on their best behavior during these events (after all they are basically a form of marketing) but still. This was the best service I've had at any Yelp event. Including some fine dining establishments.The district managers (former owners before they went corporate) really seem proud of their work and their locations. The staff knew their stuff and they do temp their meat rather than rely entirely on a timer (which means that it is possible to get something that is not as overdone as most fast food locations).The food all tasted great and there is a huge variety including interesting looking salads. And don't forget about the hidden menu items including... friend pickles.In my opinion, this is one of my favorite fast casual places in the valley. I'd place them above 5 Guys and In And Out. And the prices seemed a touch lower than 5 Guys and you can get something from 4 Peaks if you want a drink too.
3	Black bean burger with Avacado was to die for. The fries were crispy. I absolutely finished my burger, and I usually eat half. Gaspp. *fat girl problems*
5	Amanda and Jay Z were the most friendly, pleasant and helpful helpful staff I've ever had. Super clean establishment, quick and efficient service, amazing hot, juicy burgers, and ample parking make this my favorite Smashburger to visit. Love the sweet potato fries with smash sauce as well!
3	I'm not a fan of vegan food but the other day I decided to try the black bean burger and the carrots with green beans instead of fries.  The Burger had good flavor and kind of tasted like a bean burrito. But the carrots and green beans we're yummy.  I wanted to use a more educated word but yummy is what comes to mind with every bite.  It says they're slightly fried so not sure how healthy they are.  Maybe that's why they are so tasty.  I gave this particular Smashburger 3 stars because of the cashier.  She was cussing up a storm in front of customers because her Co workers we're picking on her.  Very unprofessional.
3	Black bean burger with Avacado was to die for. The fries were crispy. Dip it with ketchup, ranch, pepper and hot sauce. Sighhhhh. Amazing. That's my concoction. I absolutely finished my burger, and I usually eat half. Gaspp. *fat girl problems*
2	Why is it so hard to get a burger without cheese? I've been to Smash Burger 3 times (1 time which wasn't at this location) and every time I order my burger with no cheese. And what do I find when I get home? Left over melted cheese all over my burger from a cook who messed up my order and instead of making me a new patty just decides to take the cheese off. Which would be fine except there's cheese all over it still. This has now happened to me every single time that I have tried Smash Burger. The worst part is I've always gotten it Togo and don't get to see the mistake until I'm finally home so it can never be fixed. What if I was lactose intolerant? Please teach your cooks how to read a ticket, it's not that hard.
4	Very good service! Bacon and cheese were pretty skimpy.. We all ended up ordering the Arizona burger.. Delicious! It was so cold inside we ended up sitting outside.
5	Smashburger off Scottsdale Road is our go-to place! The burgers are always fresh and tasty! Whenever we have family in town from California, they always want to go!! The fries are bomb and we couldn't be happier with the service. Keep it up SB!!
1	if Zero star possible That would be my rating. Fix the faucet in the mens room.It stays on for 1/4 of a second. Invest in Styrofoam containers.Their were a decent amount of poorly prepaiired sweet potato fries. The oreo shake wasn't bad  The classic cheese burger was decent. TheSpi ach & goat cheese salad with grilled chicken is unknown. I lost my appetite & sat at the pickup area to wait to be recognized. I asked for a container for my salad and was told all they have is the small four by four containers. Would two be okay as she tried to hand them to me. With a small tip my meal was $22.12  She couldn't be bothered to offer to box up the salad and it would have taken 4-5 to put the salad in. I said thats okayand walked out. As I reached the door she yelled, have a nice day. Someone else at that point might have asked to be given the regional manager's name and phone number. I merely thought, put the pathetic crew behind me. Can you imagine not having containers? Smart & Final is a one minute drive away.
3	With so many deluxe burger joints around there is stiff competition to go around.  Last time we ate there the burger was so greasy it was hard to eat. Nothing special really and I would debate if I was going to go back.  A step above drive thru, a step below any of the local burger joints. I suppose if you are wanting to get in and out quickly, this would be a good choice.
