5	One of the best markets I've visited.  I was there on a Saturday and the main veggie building was just too overwhelming - so many people.  Some beautiful food, though.
5	I love this market.I could seriously spend the whole day here eating my way around. The produce was so vivid and fresh, it was fun just to look at; but the joy is in sampling each vendor's offerings. Some of the highlights were trying fruits I've never heard of and eating imported figs from Greece, which are not cheap by the way. I was also particularly impressed by the meat market at Prince Noir. They have butchered literally every animal... so gruesome, yet so awesome. They also run a rotisserie of chickens and turkey legs. Very tasty. Honorable mentions include the cheese store, fish market, and crepe stand. Definitely coming back.Tips: Bring a shopping basket!
5	Great produce and feel free to taste test!  If you get hungry, there are many places to duck into and get a delicious meal or snack.  This is my favorite place to buy food in Montreal.
5	This place is fantastic, aromatic, romantic and overall sexy! Yes, the sensuality of food and produce exposed here. In the summer, alive with fresh bright colors of vegetables and fruits dancing in tango with smokes from the nearby grilled meats. In the crispy days of winter, slow dance with the cheese olives and sausages. Sexy!
5	amazing! so much good stuff. i wish i had the time to cook a little while i was there! picked up some raw milk cheese and bread for a great lunch. made me wish i was a good photographer and local so i could live off the great stuff there.
5	I was there 2 weeks ago and this market is fantastic.  The produce is very fresh, beautiful looking, and wonderful to taste -- many of them offer samples to taste.It's also great for brunch/lunch.  I went there 3 days in a row, and the foods I can recommend include:* Sausages -- various cooked kinds on a stick, e.g. duck, bison, pork, etc.  They also had various uncooked and ready to eat ones hanging at various stalls.* Fresh cheese -- made from cow, sheep, goat, etc.* Fresh pasta* Fresh pate* Freshly squeezed juice (right in the food court/sitting area)* Best hot chocolate I've ever had in the food court area, at the stall opposite the store selling kitchenware.  Besides hot chocolate, they sold pastries and their poppyseed struedel is very good too.* Crepes (made to order) -- also in the food court/sitting area; very well done and tasty to boot!* Mouthwatering Middle Eastern pastries (which I didn't get around to trying)* Olives -- various kinds, and the ones I had were amazing* Seafood -- I didn't get around to trying themIn the neighboring stores around the market, they had Canadian wines, chocolates, a bakery (and their lemon tart was really good), coffee shops (which are also good), Middle Eastern sundries and take-out, French fries, etc.If you like markets and foods, I highly recommend going to here and spending the time to savour the foods and wonderful fresh fruit, vegetables, and flower displays.Regarding parking, there was plenty of street parking available closeby.  For subway, the Jean Talon metro stop is closest and very accessible.
5	MUST. VISIT. LOCATION. IN. MONTREAL. I don't care what your time constraints are.  Just go.Make a meal out of it! There's a really good gelato place.  The fruits are yum at this farmer's market (it's been claimed that Jean Talon is the largest open air farmer's market in North America).  I'm not sure that I can confidently say it's the largest, but it's definitely one of the best.  It's my fav.  My 2nd fav would be in Portland on the PSU campus. I've also had bison meat on a stick here.  Quoi?  Oui!
5	Jean Talon is by far the best market I have ever experienced.  And I have been to produce markets in NYC, Boston, Paris, and several major cities in Italy.The produce is diverse, fresh, and amazing in quality.  Being there in August is helpful, but I still have to think that the standards are just much higher in Quebec than in the US.  You can find things you didn't know existed, and I know a lot about food.  Surrounding the main produce aisles are great meat, cheese, specialty foods, and fish markets (Shamrock Poissonerie on the far corner is excellent).  There is also a nice branch of the bakery Premiere Moisson there.  Must haves: corn, heirloom tomatoes, herbs, salad greens, multi-colored cauliflower, garlic with the shoot on, berries of all sorts, figs, peaches... Ok, I need to stop now.  We always end up buying too much and trying to eat it all before we leave!We usually shop there 3-4 times per trip, and then entertain fantasies about filling our trunk on the day we leave and sneaking it all back over the border.  Instead, we are just left bittersweet memories the next time we go shopping at home.
4	People apparently feel very strongly about this market.  And about their reviews of this market.  The major problem with Jean Talon is that it's sometimes easy to confuse quantity with quality.  A lot of the stuff is totally unmemorable.  Call me unenlightened, but I'm unimpressed by the mere existence of 27 fruit stands that all offer dirty, low quality cherries from Washington State.  And I'm really underwhelmed by terrible coffee, even if it's grown in the shade by generously compensated farmers from third world country X.  On the other hand, a lot of stuff is really, really good.  I'm not sure I've ever seen such a wide array of high quality meat in my life.  The local leafy produce is terrific in season.  If the middlemen were eliminated from Jean Talon, the market would probably only be about 1/2 its current size.  The other result would be a separation of chaff from wheat.  I'd give the remaining star then.Oh, yeah.  Boston sucks.
5	Amazing!!!! I could spend hours here sampling the produce and looking at all of the gorgeous foods. There is nothing like this in the U.S. (that I know of)
5	I'm not sure there is anything to add to describe Jean-Talon Market that has not already been said. My experience was wonderful and actually made me feel a little ripped off when comparing it to other markets I have frequented. You know how there are certain beaches for beautiful people? Well, this is a market for beautiful foods. Everything was clean, bright and beautifully displayed. I was planning a picnic for Mont Royal and this was much more than a one stop-shop. The selection of olives were staggering; the guys in the cheese shop were extremely helpful and spent a long time with me even though I was purchasing about $5 worth of cheese and a baguette. Next I meandered thru the fruit stands and selected a beautiful basket of berries then swung by the butcher for some nicely cured and marbled sausage. Next stop, the wine shop. The Jean-Talon Market is a community jewel. Whether you spend an hour or the day, you will always remember what you've experienced.
4	Man, after walking all the way from downtown to the market (like 3.5 miles) I was praying it would live up to my expectations. I was hot, tired, and hungry. And was glad when it did.It was great here! Exactly what I want to do on a lovely, sunny day - be outside, enjoy the sights and sounds, and feel part of a community (even if it's not my own). The vendors are nice, the produce is fresh, there are free samples EVERYWHERE, the baked goods are divine, and there is much to see throughout the entire market.
5	As Mateo said below, hands down the best outdoor market I've been to on the North American continent. Rows and rows of beautiful produce in the middle, and a fantastic array of shops & eateries rimming the square. I was bowled over.  Any and every culinary wish comes true here. One of my most exciting purchases was a bag of  "cerises de terre", something that I've never seen in America before, sweet, almost candy-like little berries enclosed in a brown papery-leaf shell of sorts. Not every day do you get to encounter a brand new fruit! A great time and a great amount of time was passed gawking at all the market had to offer.
5	Love this Market!  On every trip to Montreal, I make it a point to come most days.Fresh, fresh produce.  Unlike other "farmers markets", this is not end of life produce, it is really brand spankin' new and luscious.Many of the stalls here are real farmers!  They grow this stuff, it's their life, they just aren't hawking goods.  It's fun to talk to them, and they are happy to explain things and give tastes.  Many have samples out, which you could make a meal out of, but I never leave empty handed.I have seen many fruits and vegetable here that I had never seen or tried before ... like the "cherise de terre" (aka cape gooseberry), which are wonderful by the way.Wonderful cheeses, handmade charcuterie, spices, food stands, good coffee ... ahhh Jean-Talon, tu me manques ...On my most recent visit, they seafood stall had "friture d'eperlans", which are tiny little fried fish (like french fry sized) ... my favorite!  Also, the Montrealers find happiness in little pleasures served at the market; like peak of the season corn, served just-boiled, piping hot, and rolled in butter (like 60% of the people there were walking around eating these).I will return Jean-Talon, don't you worry ;)
5	A MUST.Beautiful outdoor market with the most gorgeous arrangement of fruits/ vegetables/general produce I've seen. For those who've seen La Boqueria in Barcelona- this market is the only I've found to rival it.Rows of artfully arranged seasonal produce turns a gloomy day frown upside down.
5	One of many great things in Montreal, Outdoor, indoor markets! You can choose which one to go - there are 4 of them so choose whatever near from your place http://www.marchespublics-mtl.com/Specially during Spring, Summer and Fall, it gets bigger than during the Winter - of course, who wants to shop when it's -20C(0F) outside?- But still during winter, it's super nice place to go.  European ambiance, french veggies, fishes, meat, special meat, cheese, Quebecois foods and wines, apple wine and juices and etc. I love Atwater and Jean-Talon both but Jean -Talon is bigger and there are more free tasting goods- you can fill your stomach with every fruits, veggies, cheese... It's nice place to buy groceries but also if you are tourist and wants to feel European atmosphere, you should go to this market also!
5	Fresh veggies and fruits.But go for the great food.Try the Merguez sausages outside the south entrance.Not so Quebecois, but totally worth it. $2 for one, $3 for two.
5	What a wonderful place!!! My only gripe is that there was no sign coming out of the Jean Talon metro station to point you the right way to the market. Easy for locals but a little confusing for visitors like me.  Thankfully nice folks pointed me the right direction. It was about a 10 minute walk to the market and I didn't expect it to be so huge!  Love the fruits and vegetables selection, everything looked beautiful and even laid out perfectly!  The flowers were gorgeous too.  There were all these little cafes for a leisurely lunch. I was really impressed with the "rent a bicycle" station next to the market.  There's no such thing in California, at least not a do-it-yourself type of thing. Montreal keeps impressing me over and over again!
5	love it - a great place for locals and tourists alike! lots of produce (and samples), interesting meat markets (including horse meat!), my favorite were the spices market filled with a huge variety of international spices (multiple types of white pepper, tried my first pink and green peppers, friendly and helpful service). definitely try the bahai - fried curry with veggie dough that was freshly cooked to order (it's in the back of one of the spices store - go up some stairs and get a good helping for only $3 - try out some hot sauces with it). also loved the crepes - get the savory since they'll use the buckwheat batter. and there's a cute gift shop that offers a good selection of things to bring home to family and friends, including maple beer (way too sweet but definitely interesting!)/
4	Had the sweetest most delicious pineapple, freshly cut  from the stand on the right hand stand as you enter the marche from the metro, near the taco stand.  So yummy.Also the bakery and sandwich shop in the center of the back aisle with the green awning is overwhelming but delicious (however this is the one place I found my mediocre French wasn't enough, no one seemed to speak very good english)  Point and smile seemed to work in the end.Samples available made for a delightful stroll
4	I love outdoor markets- I think this one rivals the one in San Francisco's Ferry Building farmers market.  As with all farmers markets, it's dominated by locally grown goods, though you have to read the signs/labels carefully, as there *are* some imported goods as well.  Fresh veggies, fruits, herbs, flowers...etc.- all are wonderful amongst the bustling and colorful farmers stands.  I tried the creperie stand in the middle of the market- pretty good- and picked up some baked goods from one of the boulangeries/patisseries, as well as smoked salmon from the fish shop.  YUM.
5	What an awesome farmer's market. The market is huge with an excellent variety of produce and at bargain prices to boot. In addition to the great produce, you can find maple syrup in multiple grades and tasty cheese in the nearby fromagerie. Must visit.
5	What a wonderful farmer's market!  You name it, they've got it.Fresh cheese, fruits, veggies, plants, cheese, meat, pastries, bread, and did i say cheese???me + 13 of my pals headed to the farmer's market, and with $20 Canadian apiece and an hour ran around the farmer's market to put together the best picnic feast we possibly could.  Some of us went a little past the $20 mark (I spent over $20 on 2 giant blocks of pressed cheese curds alone - see review for La fromagerie Hamel), but we came out with one hell of a feast!  Polish donuts, cheese curds, fois gras, pates and baguettes, tomatoes, cherries, ground cherries, apricots, peaches, plums, mangos, fortune cookies... if you can think of something that sounds fresh and amazing, we probably purchased and consumed it (we spent the next 3 days grazing on these delicacies).the real enticing thing about this market is the samples - EVERYWHERE.  that things smell fresh, that you can taste the slightly salted cukes and tomatoes, and you can nibble on slices of the perfectly ripe fruits.  When I was trying the pressed cheese curds (which I've never had before - only in straight curd-form), the woman slicing it probably gave me another $3 worth of cheese just in enormous samples.Watch out, Jean Talon - the next time I come to Montreal, you may just find that I've moved in.
2	Kind of overrated, although their bakery was good.  We've been to food markets all over the world, from Mt. Hagen in PNG to Tsukiji in Tokyo.  While this place certainly has plenty of fresh produce there was nothing really special about it.
5	One of my friends really wanted to check out the Jean-Talon Market on Sunday before we left Montreal. We had some trouble finding it, and at one point, I wanted to give up and just head home. Luckily, we found it and went- and I'm so glad we did! The market was one of my favorite things from my weekend in Montreal.There are tons of stalls lined up, as well as surrounding buildings that open into the area, like charcuteries and restaurants. The market gave me a chance to practice my French, but most of the people in the stalls had no problem switching to English if I needed them to. When we had questions, they took the time to explain things to me and my friends. When we saw a fruit we didn't recognize, we asked the woman at the stall what it was- they were ground cherries. She took the time to tell us about the history of them and how you eat them, and then let us try some for free. They were really good, and we ended up buying some to eat later. There were tons of samples of fresh fruit and food to eat as we walked around, all of which were delicious. We picked up lots of sliced fruit for the car ride home. I also bought a bottle of honey wine, which I tasted for free first (sweet but delicious), some maple syrup and some maple syrup butter. We also bought yummy, beautiful desserts from one of the stores. If we had more Canadian money left, we would have bought a lot more. Next time I'm in Montreal, I'm definitely coming back!
5	I've been going to Jean-Talon for years and always end up buying way too much. Hamel has so much cheese inside the smell is like being punched in the face (but in an oh-so-good-artery-clogging kind of way). The William Walter sausage shop is to die for. The produce is consistently high-quality and it's easy to buy local at this market.
5	If you're visiting Montreal, this should be your very first stop.  Fresh produce as far as the eye can see, and local meat and cheese.There are plenty of little shops around the perimeter if you need some AC or someplace to sit down.  I recommend going first thing in the morning and having breakfast here.Not the cheapest produce you'll find in Montreal, but definitely the freshest and the most fun to buy!
4	The biggest farmer's market in Montreal area. Lots of choice, fresh produces, little shops, good snacks. There is fairly cheap parking, but it is paid parking.Could be VERY crowded on weekends.
5	If you love farmer's markets, this is the place for you.  It's absolutely packed with fresh produce, cheese-vendors and people cooking for you right in front of you with fresh ingredients.  Also, the produce is incredibly cheap here.  We saw a 20 lb. box of tomatoes for $10.There is a bakery as soon as you get off the elevator from the below-ground parking lot which sells some of the most delicious cookies ever.  I think they use milk chocolate but this was seriously one of the best cookies I have had.  Definitely get one!Parking - Parking on the street is tricky, especially when the signs are in French and your French is pitifully deficient.  Instead, park in the below-ground parking structure.  It's $.50 for every 30 minutes and really quite affordable for Montreal.
5	Everything is lovely here. I love the perfectly displayed fruits, overgrowing bounty of flowers, and little shops in and area this open air market. It is a must-see when you're visiting Montreal.
5	One of the best farmers' markets I have ever been to, hands down! They have EVERYTHING here: fruit, veggies, herbs, jam, honey, seafood, eggs. I love making the trek to Jean-Talon every Saturday to stock up on produce for the week. Everything is super fresh, reasonably priced, and beautifully presented. It tends to get really crowded so make sure you arrive early if you want to avoid the meanderers who always manage to get in the way!
5	This is the most beautiful market I've ever seen.  It's too bad that I wasn't staying in Montreal longer, because I would have loved to have made a big fresh meal with all of the amazing produce, cheeses, and spices here.This is a must-see!
4	An excellent farmers market that is kind of open air in season and under cover for inclement weather. The core of produce stands is ringed by fixed locations of other prepared food and ingredients. These include several bakeries (Arabic, Polish, French), coffee roasters, spice stores, seafood shops, butchers, and the like. Allocate a good two or three hours to tour and nibble.
4	A little out of the way in Little Italy, but I thought it was worth it. I love open air markets so this was a must-see for me. Or rather, must -eat. The northern part of the market was meat shops, a wine stall, and a juice bar. There were a couple of cafes, but about half the shops, including a creperie, were closed on a Tuesday morning. The southern part of the market is fruit, vegetable, herbs stands with a smattering of maple syrup, jellies, canned fruits, and caramel candies mixed in. Lots of fresh fruits/veggies to choose from and samples to taste, too. My partner and I were hunting for breakfast, reminiscing about our breakfasts at the market in Barcelona. This place is not as lively. We found croissants at one of the cafes across the street from the market - perfectly buttery and flaky - and picked up some fruit from the veggie stands. There are a bunch of Viet pho and sandwich shops nearby, too, so this would be a great place to eat.
4	Fantastic Seasonal and Local produce. Try the fresh fresh Apple Juice.
4	Veni, vendi, pici: I came, bought, picnic-ed.
5	Why do places seem so much bigger in your memory? It has been nine long years since I last explored the marche. And I recall a massive market teeming with coffee, produce, maple syrup and apples galore. Today, it is all of the above, just not so massive.Great prices. Like really great. We are horribly ripped off in Vancouver. I seriously considered lugging back four litres of fresh apple juice on the plane home tomorrow. I still might!
4	I'm really glad we made the trip out to the farmer's market on our last day.  Since we didn't get a chance to pick-up some poutine we grabbed a bucket at Frites Alores.  It was as delicious as I remembered it.  The market is a good size and very clean, friendly and open.  We couldn't bring too much back with us to NH so we grabbed a baguette.  The line was long but they moved everyone through quickly.  They even humored my attempt at ordering in French. If I lived in Montreal I'd probably shop here regularly.  It gets busy but it was worth it!
4	Everything looked wonderful, lots of fresh fruits, maple syrup, pastry, and lots of meats and cheeses.  Being a tourist makes it difficult to buy things there since the meats need to be cooked or heated.  But if you're a resident of Montreal it's a must.  That being said if you want some fruit or cheese for your hotel room, or grab a bite to eat right there, one should definitely walk around if anything just for the experience.
5	a phenomenal open-air market that's one of the very largest north of Mexico, but also one of the city's most significant crossroads and a terrific place for people-watchingit's been known to bring those visiting from out of town to tears (pleasure/envy)
5	make sure you guard your belongings and valuables! there are many pickpockets lurking around Jean-Talon...I almost had my wallet taken out of my bag yesterday inside an epicerie
5	One of our favorite destinations when we visited Montreal. I've never been to a farmer's market with items that were as fresh and yet affordable as Marche Jean-Talon.As others have mentioned, if you're not a local it can be a little difficult to find right out of the metro. When you're on the right block though, there is a sign that will point you in the right direction but of course you have to get to that point first. Just make use of the many maps that are posted around you on the streets of Montreal! And of course it's useful to know that the marche is on Henri-Julien and Jean-Talon.Vendors have samples and everything is surprisingly sugary. Fresh, beautiful produce - fruit and vegetables alike - are all very affordable especially compared to prices I'm seeing here in NY. I admittedly didn't have enough brain power to even wrap my mind around the meats, honeys, flowers, and snacks that the market offers, but from what I could see everything was perfect. Most everyone I saw there, from what I could tell, were locals which is always a plus when you visit any city!Love this place and if we were staying in lodging with a kitchen I would definitely have purchased a few bags worth of groceries. But we had to make do with the samples! Mmm can't wait to go back - my stomach is already cursing at me for leaving.
5	A foodie's heaven!  I only spent about an hour here since I didn't have that much time left in Montreal, but the next time I come back I would love to spend a whole day here and peruse every store.  This place is twice the size of Marche Atwater and has a lot more ethnic food stores.  What's really amazing is that the people who work here are so friendly and proud of their organic/fresh/high-quality products.  Words can't explain how exciting it is to visit the Jean Talon market, so go look at the pictures and go there yourself!
5	All I can say is "wow"!As an American, I am ashamed for all the ignorant non-educated Americans who put French culture down.  In a way, it's okay because there will be less of them enjoying their wonderful pastries, baguettes, crossants and creme brulee.  Coffee is made to order with the espresso machines, just like in France and the way it should be made!   My family ordered a bunch of sandwiches and croque monsieur jambon.  It was the most amazing combination of French Canadian food ever!  The croque was done with a lot of love and the ingredients were incredibly fresh!  Despite the high price tag, it was definitely worth it because the ingredients were so plentiful.  Normally, we're considered cheap bastards, but we splurged and had a wonderful time!All of the reviews about this place is dead on.  I think I'm not contributing much by writing this review.  So, I'm punching out.
5	We were lucky to have such a wonderful experience in Montreal, our friend suggested we go here and it was beautiful.  Best Strawberries I have ever had!
4	I fell in love with this market in about 3 seconds.  Just so you know, this place is way better than atwater market.  Get on the metro and go!Wandering up and down the isles was just a feast for the eyes as well as the nose.  Everything looked so good.  Took a little time just wandering around and then collected a few edibles for a picnic lunch.  Some berries from one stall, some lovely bread from another, some great local cheese and some amazing smoked fish.  The best thing was asking the woman working in the fish stall what was her favorite and getting some amazing things.  I cry every day now wishing i could get some more of the fish from this stall.  Do you think they will ship 1500 miles away?  The prices here are much better than the ones at atwater.  so great for putting something together.  Would love to spend a week just trying all the prepared food and cheese stalls around the edge, but alas I was just a tourist.  If I actually lived in Montreal, I would be here every weekend during the summer.
5	Wow... I wish they had a place like this in NYC.  I'd set up a tent outside and never leave.  This is an incredible market.  The variety and quality of the food available is amazing... and the prices seem quite reasonable considering.  I was there for hours and felt like I didn't have enough time to explore.  I sampled a lot of produce and ate at a few of the restaurants around the market.  Well done Montreal!!
5	This reminds me of a larger version of the Soulard market in St. Louis that I grew up with. It brings back childhood memories of wandering through what seems an endless maze of smells, sights and sounds, and my senses are all a-tingle and my sense of nostalgia returns when I go to either of these places! The confusion I had at a young age with negotiating prices is also recreated in my lack of fluency in French, but half of the enjoyment I have is just taking in my surroundings. It's also fun to cross the border with stowed veggies in my trunk while pretending to be an international produce smuggler, but.... that could just be me!
5	Well worth the trip to see this market.  Took the metro from the hotel and after wandering around for a bit finally found it.  We loved this place.  Wish there was one like it at home. Samples of fruit, cheese at the stands. Fish, meat, condiments,bread, everything you need for a complete meal and not expensive.  I only wish that we were able to cook while in Montreal, it would have been wonderful.
4	Pay a visit to the Jean Talon market if you're in Montreal.  It's a beautiful sight of fresh produce, as well as fresh and high quality seafood and other meats.  Not to mention the array of pastries, breads, and a great maple kiosk where you can get the giant cans of pure Quebecois maple syrup,  and jars of maple butter, or trays of maple candy/bon bons. I went into one of the walk-in stores within the market (gosh, forgot the name), but you'll know it once you're there.  They have incredible fresh bread displayed, and shelves of cookies, jams, chocolate and caramel toppings, and other local goodies - great souvenir stop!  I bought a small package of maple diamante/cookies and they are so pure and delicious!  The ingredients list is basically the simple homemade ingredients of butter, sugar, maple syrup, flour, etc.  Nothing chemical-ridden.  They also have fresh pastries and sandwiches, I believe.  The Jean Talon market itself is well worth the short trip.  If your hotel is in the downtown area, it's a tad of a maneuver to get here (I had to take the bus), but there is a metro stop right near it.  Granted, I did take the bus first to St. Viateur bagels, and perhaps that is why I was unable to take the metro on the way in. :)  The price of the produce is quite hefty, but you do see the quality.  I'm not sure I'd be able to shop here often if I lived in Montreal, but I sure would be here enough to provide a feast for my eyes.
5	Jean Talon Market was one of the must-visit places on my weekend gateway last weekend.  I am so glad that we were able to check out the market before they closed.  The market is huge!  There are butchers, fresh produce stores, bakeries and fish mongers surrounding the actual market.Walking in the market, you are overwhelmed with the different types of produce, cheeses and meats.  Prices were reasonable considering you are getting fresh items from farmers/local producers.  We were able to get some end of day sales when we came an hour before closing.They have the famous Maison Premiere bakery, I could not resist and had to get some sweet treats for the car ride home.There is ample parking in the area and the Jean-Talon metro station is walking distance.Check Jean Talon Market if you are every in the Montreal area!
4	Amazing selection! So many fresh fruits and vegetables to select from. It made me wish for a few minutes that I lived in Montreal. Then I thought about the fact that I hate the cold and living in Connecticut is too much for me. Then I snapped out of my daydream and back to reality. I decided it was better to visit Montreal in the dead of summer than to live there. We went there twice- once on the weekend. Parking and traffic was crazy on the weekend, so I'd recommend taking the metro if you are able.
5	This is the local market to visit in Montreal.  Other markets exist but pale in comparison to the size and quality of the Jean-Talon Market.  Winter or summer the selection of available products is impressive.  The first thing I like to do is visit Premiere Maison and select a tasty pastry to quench my hunger, I usually grab a baguette or some other loaf of bread while I'm there. Fresh bread is irresistible and Premiere Maison is one of the best bakeries in the city. After that I take my time perusing the fruits and vegetables looking for that something special.  Along the way I buy some locally produced unpasteurized apple juice, the perfect breakfast drink.  Continuing my journey I peruse the various meat and cheese vendors that are permanent fixtures in the market.  I inevitably select a few cheeses to pair with my bread and try to get out of the market without emptying my bank account.
5	Marche Jean-Talon is definitely the highlight of my Montreal trip.Even without all the stalls and businesses open in the middle of winter, it is a great experience.. I can imagine how it is when the weather is nice and warm....Everything that a "foodie" dream of.. you can be a cook or just like to eat.. you will have an amazing experience! Fresh produces, Vegetables, Fruits, Meat, Baked Goods..... I want to try everything!! I wish Toronto has a market like this... simple and unpretentious for the local people to shop and not a tourist trap!
5	One of the biggest highlights of staying in Petite Italie for a week is that Marche Jean-Talon was literally right around the corner.  We found ourselves there at least a couple of times a day, either picking up some produce, cheese, fish, or hitting one of the bakeries nearby.The selection is outstanding, and the prices were not exorbitant.  It's hard not to be inspired as you wander through, and its hard to wander through without buying several things.  There are plenty of samples to try, and all of the merchants are very nice and welcoming.A must if you are in the area!
5	What could be negative about a farmers market in the middle of town?Fruits, vegetables, meats, specialty foods, even an SAQ! My personal favorite way of visiting the market is by scooter. I just put put through the rows around the people, park wherever I want, and be on my marry way with a booty of fresh produce within minutes.
5	The most awesome place to buy excellent and fresh food ever!The fish is very fresh and tasty.  There are butchers with organic meats that are the tastiest I have found.  The fruits are delicious, and as others have said the samples they give are ingenious because as soon as you taste them, you buy that fruit!The whole atmosphere is very laid back and if the weather is nice outside it makes for a perfect couple of hours just walking around and enjoying everything.
4	Wonderful market specializing in fruits and vegetables (at least when we were there). The heaping plates of samples isn't just a good way to try the goods, but can end up being a meal unto itself if you visit all the stands. We opted to get a pair of nectarines (super ripe), a beautiful tomato, raspberries, and some goat cheese and a freshly baked baguette for a picnic lunch at the Jazz Festival. Absolutely perfect, actually one of the better meals we had during our stay.
4	I love their fresh produce, fresh fruit, fresh local meat, cheese, pates, etc....there a a lot of nice restaurants and cafes in the surrounding areas...this is the best place to buy stuff for a picnic....located only 3 blocks from the Jean-Talon metro stop, it is convenient and colorful...
5	After shopping here it becomes difficult to continue buying produce from the local grocery stores. Everything is so fresh and tasty. Jean-Talon market is a great place to spend an afternoon.
4	Came here on a a recommendation from katie j. Loved all the generous free samples of fresh fruit and vegetables. Everything was delicious! Not too much in the surrounding area, but still a nice stop to check out the scene. The fresh, organic popsicles were amazing. Hubby and I tried the mango coco.
4	If you're as happy as I am to spend an hour or two gawking at fruit and vegetables, this place is heaven. We came, we saw, we sampled, we bought.The ready-to-eat options are limited, so while we had originally planned to eat lunch at the market, that didn't end up happening. Still a lovely place to see and taste!
5	Check the northeast corner near Italmelody for the 24hr fruit and vegetable vendor! Also pay attention to the hand drawn signs to see where your produce is coming from, the blue fleur de lys means you're shopping local. And for lunching try Capitol for prepared foods, or Motta or Milano nearby.
4	Used to hate coming here as a kid, when my mother would drag me here to buy tons & tons of stuff. Now, a very different story.... love the REAL honey, super duper, FRESH picked lettuces... wish I coud find the stall that sold "black" lettuce... so tasty.As for the rest of the produce, check your weekly circulars, as you'll find the same produce on sale for better prices elsewhere. I remember how cheap it was long before it became oh so chic to shop at open markets! I do love coming here though, one of my little oasises of calm and relaxation.
5	Every time I come to Montreal this is a must stop market. The last time I went it was in mid-March and the pickings were "slim", however in the summertime the market expands to nearly twice the size which means twice the amount of food to gawk at. Furthermore, this time I tried their freshly prepared food. Last time I just meandered through the stalls sampling their fresh produce but this time I sat down to enjoy a nice, raw oyster, my very FIRST raw oyster. As a foodie this is an experience I will always remember and for most people who enjoy food, they will always remember their first raw oyster. It was briny, delicious, and most importantly FRESH. I'm not going to make this lengthy (at least try not to), so I'll sum it up as this. If there were anywhere you'd want to try your first raw oyster, do it here.
5	As one elderly man remarked as he exited the market "..I've just emerged from a food jungle." You can spend hours touring the vendors and sampling the fresh-cut fruit at each stall. One does not simply tire of Jean-Talon's selection. It is my hope that all cities can one day have a year-round farmers market/food court such as this.
5	I love farmer's market. There are quite a few throughout Montreal, but the Marche Jean-Talon is one of the best known. The sizable market is next to the Jean-Talon metro station, there are aisles and aisles of fresh, delicious fruits and veggies, organized and extremely clean. I'm a huge lover of fruits and this place is heavenly. The fruits here are just beautiful, the baskets of strawberries and oranges are ample and perfect, there are no defective ones. Everything has great quality and is cheap!
5	This place is amazing at this time of year when all the fresh fruit and veg is at it's near peak!  Boxes of red peppers, tomatoes, $1 Broccoli heads, fresh blueberries and so much more that you can find anything and everything!  I love this place!
5	One of the best things about Montreal!Great way to spend a sunny day.Make sure to bring bags and bring an appetite! Amazing food stands everywhere.My favorites:-Oyster bar-Fried Calamari-Smoothies -Trying the fresh fruit :)
4	Somehow I had never gotten to this place on previous visits to Montreal.  Jean-Talon is a combination farmer's market and festival marketplace, though it is not hokily touristy.  Produce items display a variety of prices (and values) and unlike most produce markets I've seen in Anglo North America, the fruits and vegetables are displayed decoratively with Gallic flair.  The non-produce food shops, however, are definitely priced for tourists and do not offer any bargains.It is very colourful and a nice place to photograph even if you don't buy anything.
5	I meanYou can't be mad at thisI don't know how it doesn't have five stars all aroundThis place is the jam!All the fruits and veggies availableAnd the side stores selling seafood, meats, baked goodies, spices, charcuterie, cheeses.... It was quite a delight to come hereIt will be hard not to find a ingredient in this spotAnd prices are fair
4	xxxx
5	Is there anything better to do on a sunny day than stroll through the market, buy what looks good, and leisurely snack on your purchases at picnic table and do a little people watching in the middle of all the action?  I picked up some fresh macaroons, strawberries and some coffee and had a great breakfast.... all while contemplating the hurdles in the way of me living in Montreal.  Something to think about....I would recommend using the subway to get here.  Parking looked scarce.  Highly recommend!
5	I love this place. You have everything you need in one area. Fresh veggies, fruits, spices, meats, olives... and it goes on and on.The people are super friendly and helpful. They know what they are talking about. I look forward to going here with my boyfriend and come back with tons of stuff for a quarter of the price... And it's fresh!!!!
4	Even though I went on a freezing cold Sunday afternoon, the market was still lively and bustling with people. The fruit and veg selection is truly excellent, and the prices are cheaper than most grocery stores. I managed to buy apple EVERYTHING, from juice to cookies to actual apples.I also sampled a couple tasty sausages from an outside vendor - merguez and wild boar - for only $1 apiece!If I lived nearby I'd be here multiple times a week.
5	I visited this market in the middle of Winter (end of Nov) and the selection of produce was unbelievable.  Apparently in the summer, the market is completely open air without a roof.  There are shops for meat, cheese, produce, and even a shop dedicated to selling just eggs here.  Or "oeuf" in French.  The plural of ouef?  It's still "ouef."  I'll have a trois ouef omelette, s'il vous plait.  LOL.The egg shop featured all sorts of eggs - your usual multisized chicken eggs, but also duck eggs, quail eggs, and a single goose egg, or "oeuf oie", which was about four times as large as a chicken egg.One particularly impressive vendor has dozens of plates of free samples of the fruit in that section, and I found myself sneaking a piece of pineapple every single time I walked by.  Well their strategy worked, because I soon found myself carrying two pineapples onto the Metro subway, letting everyone and their cousin know that I just spent my afternoon shopping for "ananas".
4	Wonderful marketplace with quality produce, meats, wines, cheeses, and much more.I came there in the late summer and came home with countless vegetables and meats I had never tried before. I was also able to find several neat gifts to bring back to California with me, including of course lots of genuine Maple Syrup.No doubt the best marketplace I've been to.
5	How wonderful this market is.  All the fresh fruits and veggies and meats and cheeses and breads a girl could ever need in one place.  And many things one might never need, but...OOOOh... what's that?Excuse me.  I have to shop.
5	I spend my summers in Montreal, and without a doubt my summer would not be complete without my weekly trip to the market. The first time I went here I was in awe of how big it was. It's big. It's really big. Do yourself a favor and get a map online before you get here. Lame, I know - I know the market backwards and forwards now, but it wasn't always that way. It's hard to take a trip to the marche without stopping at the Havre aux Glaces (the ice cream shop). My friends have had to drag me from the fromagerie hamel a few times (with good reason!) The Marche' des Saveurs is also UNMISSABLE - a fantastic gourmet shop in the south east corner. If you're a donut person, you HAVE TO try the polish prune donuts. Sounds gross , but they're the reason I also pack on a few during the warmer months. I swear i'm going to be 3,000 pounds soon - but, alas, i'll be in a happy donut filled haze. If you decide to go on a Saturday or Sunday, be sure to get there right at the stroke of dawn, unless you enjoy bumping into 5,289 strollers or have a firebolt on hand.
3	I expected so much more from this place, maybe too much?The recap: *All the fruit & vegetable stands were pretty much the same, and offered nothing really interesting (Give me some durian, other fancy outlandish fruit/veg or some crazy peppers please!). *Butchers there were a few, yet none felt very "artisan" (The meat is pre-packaged and some is even frozen). *It needs more seafood...LOTS more seafood. I was sad to see such a small amount of fishy friends to purchase for future face-stuffing. *I did like some of the spice places, yet again I didn't see much I can't  find anywhere else (and probably for much cheaper), with the exception of a few things here & there that I did really enjoy (artisan mustards!) and had to purchase. *The fromageries were good, but none had the local cheese I was looking for...so I bought some I wanted to try (You can't go wrong with cheese, you just can't).It's a fine place, but was it worth the crazy long metro ride? No, not for me.
5	This market is buzzing with avid foodies!There is a fruit stand at the end of the hallway that sells amazingly fresh fruit. ANDDDDDDD they offer samples! And I cannot describe how succulent the fruit are - you must try them for yourself!There is also a wine stand named Couture Rougemont... The man who works there on the weekend is a former college professor who took up the job as a pastime. He's extremely friendly and honest and such a delight to talk to!The stuff at the market is marked at a good price. I am so glad I stopped by during my trip to Montreal. A definite MUST for foodies!
5	The Marche Jean-Talon is an AWESOME market with a wide variety of not only fruits and vegetables, but also all types of cooked food, wine, pastries and desserts. It's quite a large market located a short Metro trip northwest of downtown Montreal. Once inside, you're met with a beautiful array of colors from the plethora of fruit sellers and independent stands selling pastries, desserts, wine, etc. One important word of advice I have is to definitely head to the fruit section of the market as they give out samples of freshly cut fruit there! I've never seen a market that lets patrons sample fruits such as strawberries, oranges, kiwis, pears, apples, etc in such large quantities. It's absolutely a fantastic marketing idea because once you sample it and taste how fresh the fruit is you realize you MUST BUY something! I had a great time just walking around the market and seeing what they had to offer. Plus it's a great opportunity to venture out to the outskirts of Montreal. It's a must for tourists!
5	Jean-Talon Market is by far my favourite shopping excursion in Montreal. By shopping, I mean food, not clothes or shoes! I love wandering through the many cheese shops with loads of specialty items from Quebec. Fresh produce is abundant and the farmers will even give you samples of the PRODUCE before you buy!! Amazing fried calamari and beautiful oysters. Great gelato and the best croissant aux amandes I've ever had!!Definitely take a wander and enjoy. Make sure to stop off and buy some potted foie gras to bring home with you! Also nice to grab picnic stuff and go to a nearby park for wine and cheese!!If you are a Foodie, this is a DO NOT MISS in Montreal!!
5	If you have an open mind and a healthy taste pallet, plan to visit this market with an empty stomach (the only mistake that I made was thinking this would be a produce purchasing market only and not a plethora of eateries within it). In the short time we were visiting Jean Talon Market, my wife and I had: fresh somosa's and authentic Argentinian empanada's from Resto Le Tartarin, apple slushies from Bel Horizon's apple stand, a grilled sausage dog from Balkani Meat Market and macaroons from Point G. There were still tons of other places we wanted to try but were trying to make our way to an actual restaurant for lunch and didn't want to completely ruin our appetites. This place is a must-see in Montreal.
5	GREAT market! Utopia for food lovers.
3	On our first day in Montreal, our group came to Jean-Talon to check out all the different foods that were available. The basic gist is that there is one main building that houses a variety of different shops - in particular a good number of butchers - as well what looks like a produce aisle further down. The whole market is surrounded by a few vendors outside, as well as lots of little shops that surround the main lot. It's not like the indoor markets I've been to in the U.S., such as Reading Terminal in Philadelphia or Chelsea Market in NYC, but it's got a good enough amount of space that it never feels crowded (which those others can at times). The one thing I wasn't a huge fan of was that there seemed to be a lot of repetitiveness when it came to what the butchers were selling - lots of places selling the same kinds of meats, and a number of fruit and veggie stands not really standing out. That said, the places that we did go to were fabulous. There was a beer store that also happened to sell an incredibly delectable maple and beer-soaked ham that tasted absolutely phenomenal. Paired with a very fresh baguette we bought at one of the bread shops, as well as a brie-like cheese that was covered in raspberries and a slightly stinky cheddar from a cheese shop, made for a very delicious lunch. I also had a chocolate chip cookie from one of the bakeries that was made using maple sugar...that was a pretty great combo, and I've had many delicious cookies in my time. On the disappointing side, I got a slightly burnt cinnamon and sugar crepe on the way out which I am pretty sure I was overcharged for.In all, there are plenty of good places within Jean-Talon to check out. On balance, you're not going to find winners everywhere, but there are plenty of very delicious places to check out. For the most part, things seemed reasonably priced, and it's easy enough to find a spot on the curb to savor your findings if it's nice weather outside.
4	We did the damn thing at Jean-Talon market. You can sample a lot of the fresh fruit and veggies in season as you browse through the market. It gets crazy after 12 especially if it's nice outside. We got fresh cheese, veggies, and some beer and sat ourselves down to nom in a nearby park. Then we went back in for more, like kids in line at a waterpark. We wanted to keep eating and lazing in the sun, but after so much browsing, one needs a nap. This is just one of those experiences you HAVE to fit in when you visit Montreal. Don't forget to bring cash!
5	We went back to Jean-Talon market last weekend, and it was as fun as I remembered! We spent some time walking around and exploring everything. We had lots of free samples of fruit, vegetables, and cheese. It was relaxing and enjoyable. We ended up buying some sausages on a stick ($1 each, amazing), some different types of cheese (one of the employees spent some time working with us to taste different kinds of cheeses and choose what we wanted), a baguette, some fruit, and a small thing of poutine- then sat and had lunch. The baguette was amazing- soft, crispy, and light and airy. The cheeses were pleasant. However, the fruit seemed rotten, which was disappointing. We should have checked it before we bought it. The poutine was more like "fast food" poutine, and I didn't like it that much, although my friends did. After lunch, we bought some desserts from a patisserie- a chocolate mousse cup and a fruit tarte.Overall, a great place to wander, try some free samples, and purchase awesome food of all different types. My only additional warning is to check the fruit before you buy it!
5	I love the market and the food is wonderful.
4	Very lively, not too crowded. It's better than Atwater and is more accessible. Free wi-fi and ample seating. I wish there were just a few more options for food & coffee. I would stop by here if I was in the area, but I wouldn't make it a destination unless you were from out of town. Reminds me of Pike Place in Seattle.
5	The best large market I've ever been to.  Hands down.Kind vendors willing to give samples, a taco bar, amazing produce, a store filled with dried mushrooms, stations for cheeses, meats.  Really anything you could ever want to eat, Jean-Talon has it.  And it's always going to be fresh!
5	This place is awesome  There is tons of local produce and the specialty shops are always fun to browse and test out.  Fromagerie Hamel has great selection and when you're hungry after shopping you can visit El Rey del Taco, which is this little Mexican place that has delicious food.  Havre aux Glaces is always worth the trip as is Premiere Moisson.
5	I was invited to this place by a coworker that loves this place.  And I see why!  Man, what a very nice selection of fruits, and vegetables...and most if not every vendor is offering free samples of their produce.  Something that I don't see back in the Dallas, Texas.  But, this is not the only stuff that this place has...man, they have some nice cafes which I fell in love with their coffees.  Wow, what an awesome place to relax, shop, and eat at!I recommend this place BIG time!!!  Go there, and bring your family with you...all of y'all will have a nice time there!!!  :)
4	Jean Talon has everything I look for in a market - local produce, lots of samples, and clean public bathrooms. The market also has numerous places to get a meal or snacks and chocolates and other comestibles. The neighbourhood around the market is busy, and near 5 pm the traffic was the worst I've seen in Montreal. It was much calmer midday.
5	This is the spot in Montreal. Fresh food, awesome shops, and great people. Have an ice-cream before you leave!
4	Came back here this summer & wow what a difference.So much more stuff, and you can taste samples everywhere. I know, it makes sense that it is more packed with tasty goods when it's the right season...derp.I'm happy I gave it another try, but will only go here during late spring/early summer, to avoid disappointment.
5	This place makes for a great weekend outing. So much produce at great prices! I got a plastic grocery bad full of cherry tomatoes for $5, the same thing for grapes. There's this stand that sells big cans of apple sauce that'll last you forever and tastes way better than store bought. They also have apple slushes too yum. Look for the smoothie place not far from where you first come in, all made fresh. Makes a good breakfast if you go in the morning. There's lots of other kiosks and stands that I haven't tried yet, but look great.
5	I recently revisited this market and I was reminded what a historic, wonderful gem it is, here in the city of Montreal. The sheer size of the market is impressive, comprised of an enormous square, neatly organized within by blocks of venders. The aisles are all straightforward and wide so there is ample room to circulate. I appreciated the grid-like arrangement, as so many farmers' markets are wildly arranged in a hodge-podge, random fashion. And the fares themselves! Amazing! Not only are there fruits and vegetables of any and every variety, but there are to-die-for charcuteries (meats), poissonerie shops (fish), fromagerie shops (cheese), pasta makers, honey stands, chocolateries (no translation needed!), flower stands, gelato and ice cream makers, coffee vendors.,.., I could go on and on and on. And everything's fresh and local and gourmet to the max. If I still lived in the city, I'd be coming here weekly for my grocery shopping.
2	Very expensive for the quality. Yes you might find some good deals, but generally doesn't worth to go there.
5	What a fun way to understand how Montrealeans may shop for their Sunday supper!A few eateries inside the market and many many more surrounding on the perimeter streets. Be sure to stroll through the neighborhood.
5	One of our fave stops in Montreal! Enjoyed amazing pastries, fresh samples of produce, even incredible ceviche! There are so many different stalls with delicious foods inside - from maple syrup to fresh cheeses, meats, and produce!Highly recommend checking out this open air market if you are in town, you will not be disappointed!
5	This place makes me happy and makes me wish that it's summer all year round in Montreal. There's so much to see, so much to taste, to smell! The best time to go there is probably in the early summer, just as we're all coming out of the dreary grey winter, to be greeted by row after row of blooming flowers and colourful fruits and vegetables all laid out majestically in front of you, en plein air! It's such a lovely feeling.Having said that, I come here as often as I can, any season of the year. Resto Le Tartarin serves excellent comfort food: great burger, awesome fish and chips, yummy  soups... and then there's Le Ryad, serving all kinds of Middle Eastern delicacies, from sweets to savoury pastries (my favorite is the spicy chicken `burek`)...and the poisonnerie, which makes really good fried calamari... the list goes on. Another plus: in the weekends there are always talented buskers to serve as entertainment. What a treat!
5	A must see in Montreal.  I can't say much that hasn't been said before. Great produce, meats and cheeses.  There are all types of unique Quebec products and gifts.  Plus, lots and lots of free samples.  Schedule about half a day (if it's Summer), relax and have lunch.  The crepes are recommended. If you miss this market, you are selling your trip short.
4	I visited this market on a Saturday afternoon in September. It happened to be such a lovely sunny fall day so it made it perfect for the outing. My husband and baby certainly enjoyed strolling down all the aisles with stands brimming with the seasons bounty of vibrant tomatoes, peaches, apples and other wonderful produce. It's awesome how many of the stalls just put out trays of cut samples to taste. You can get almost full tasting the samples. We sampled some really sweet and luscious peaches. I bought a bag thinking we had to eat them all up before crossing the border only to realize they were harvested in the US. Why can't I find yummy peaches like these in my local NYC market?In the scheme of outdoor markets its not the best I've been to but its a great place to get out and experience some fresh foods, people watch and interact with the locals.
5	Worth a visit.  If you are a foodie, it is a remarkable place to visit.  The samples are yummy and the displays are beautiful.
5	$5 TACO LUNCH! OLE!As an underemployed artist I'm always looking for delicious lunches for less than $8 and today I found one at the JT market. As far as I could see there was no official 'name' for the taco/sandwich stand kitty corner to the picnic table area and somewhat attached to the cafe/macaron place. It is a very basic looking stand with a few trays of toppings and very warm and friendly folks who serve up two simple items that they do well. Pulled pork sandwiches or pulled pork tacos. For $5 you get three delicious tacos made with traditional corn tortillas and filled with a little black bean sauce, pulled pork and topped with pickled onions. PERFECTION!
5	JTM! One of my favourite places to go to on a beautiful, sunny day in Montreal. Been here too many times to count but always leave with a bag of fresh fruit, vegetables and a happy stomach filled with fresh samples. Used to bring a massive bag (think hiking/backpackers bag) to haul back as much as I could back home while bixing. Good times indeed.Latest trip - was just visiting so I didn't buy any fruit/veggies but I did buy an orchid for my grandma's birthday. Super friendly lady helped us out while I decided what to get but it is very reasonably priced. She even gave me exact instructions on how to take care of the orchid which I happily passed along. Will always be on my list to go to while I am in town!
5	What a selection! Anything you would want out of produce is available from 10 different booths. Plus they have lots of warm and yummy treats inside. Seems like a fantastic resource for the neighborhood. You could spend a couple hours shopping.
5	This is one of my most favorite places to go food shopping!  And plant/seedling shopping in the spring.  I try to get up to Jean Talon Market about once every two weeks or so, monthly when I'm super busy.  In the summer it's a nice bike ride (there are bike racks and a bixi stand right nearby), and otherwise the market is well situated between the 55 bus and the Jean Talon metro.  A hint for drivers: it's actually cheaper to park in either the above ground or underground lots operated by the market, if you're only going to be stopping for an hour or so, versus parking meter rates. Plus the parking attendants are always so friendly. I will occasionally drive up to take advantage of the Mondou located just across the street, to stock up on cat food and litter, and then pop into the market for goodies as well.Some of my faves include: - buying flats of 30 eggs (we eat a lot of eggs)- nachos and gauc from Taco Del Ray up on the Northern side of the market- organic meat from St Vincent on the Eastern side of the market (ask about their bulk meat boxes, they are a good deal!)- local honey (some say it's good for the immune system)- browsing about the Marche des Saveurs for interesting beers- whatever produce is seasonal (most vendors clearly label wether their produce is local or imported, when in doubt ask!)- popping into Motta and Capitol for Italian cheeses and cans of tomatoes and breadsYes, it does get crowded on nice weekend afternoons, and takes some patience.  I've grown a tolerance over the years, as I've been coming with my parents and grandparents since I was a child.  The tricks is to take it slow, not rush, and not get upset.  Chat with the vendors, who are usually more than happy to tell you about what they are selling.  Take some time to listen to the buskers, who liven up the place.  Bring lots of reusable sturdy bags, or even better a pull cart, and you're all set.
5	Wow, what an awesome market!  We really enjoyed walking here, price shopping and picking up a few healthy snack options.  Our French could be better as some here didn't speak much but the folks were helpful and assisted us greatly.  They have wifi but the signal can be isolated to just a few spots if you need to do any uploading.  Make sure to bring cash as not many take plastic.  It's a short walk from the Metro.
5	Jean-Talon is pretty incredible when the market is full with vendors. During colder months, it is more or less empty. Many vendors offer samples. You can even ask to try a variety of something if you're unsure if you'll like it, and usually someone will be willing to slice into some produce to give you a try if they're not offering samples already. You can definitely get some great deals on farm fresh produce and also try some good pre-made food in the food stalls.
4	We came in the offseason and a lot of vendors had shut down already. However, we were able to still find great prices on maple syrup, found plenty of exotic cheeses, fish, homemade pasta, plenty of fruit and open bakeries and cafes. Would like to go in the summer sometime!
3	I thought this was pretty good - a nice selection of different types of food - fresh fruit/vegetables as well as a variety of prepared foods: sausage, cheese, pastries, etc.You can definitely make a meal from here as well as take fresh items to cook back home.
5	Loved this farmers market.  We were visiting from out of town.  We picked up items for several meals.  They have a wide variety of vendors.  Prices were reasonable.
5	I am a foodie.  I seek out local markets when I travel like others seek out fancy shopping.  So I spent a very rainy afternoon here enjoying the local flavor.  There is something for everyone.........cheeses, meats, maple syrup at great prices.  Very much worth a visit for everyone.
5	One of my favorite stops on my trip to Montreal.  I could've spent all day here.  1. It's an urban sugar shack: opportunity to buy all your maple products, get your maple taffy on ice, and spend all the money you brought. 2.  All of the fruit stands provide free samples of the fruit/veggies you are going to buy.  I thought this was very cool.3.  The tacos that are 3 for 5 were absolutely amazing and are highly recommended.  4. The maple pie from La Fournee des Sucreries de L'erable was one of the greatest things i have ever consumed in my life. 5. The Point G macaroons are also great. I'm sure there are many more things that I missed out on here, but I didn't have the time to spend the whole there and try everything in the market even though I would have liked to.  I highly suggest you making this a stop on your trip!
4	Good selection but not great. The free samples are a nice touch. The produce seems pretty fresh. It's a good place to kill some time.
4	I loved this farmers market and only wish I lived in Montreal so I could be closer to it. Supposedly only open on Saturday and Sundays we came here Sunday afternoon. It was def a little bit crowded but it didn't feel as touristy as most of the things we did in Montreal. We mostly just walked around but loved seeing all the plants, flowers and herbs for sale. We tried a bunch of different veggies which all tasted delicious.There was a ton of little stuff you can buy like candles, cheese, cured meet.  We picked up some maple syrup just to try. We also stopped at an oyster bar and each had a few oysters. Delicious
2	After living in California for 8 years, I'm sadly disappointed. There were no organic fruits or veggies and the vendors didn't even know about the pesticide levels in their produce. The surrounding stores were more like tourist traps than real places to eat. We bought 3 bananas (non organic) and had a juice (non organic) and then bought a crepe (was horrible, threw it out after a few bites)Nice to walk around and people watch but don't spend your money here.
4	Yes. Yes, yes, yes. This is the best market to wander around if you have time, and an empty stomach. So many things to see, taste, touch, smell...I always end up spending too much but if you look, you can also find deals - today's was $1 for 4 lemons. So simple, but in the summer I use a ton of them so I was like - score! Several of the fruit and veggie stands have samples out of their produce so you can figure out what you like or what is most ripe. You'll be able to find everything you need for a casual or gourmet meal here, and you'll probably discover some new things in the process.
5	Great, great market with terrific vendors and specialty shops. The produce is gorgeous, although I do question where it comes from, since it is very often not seasonal to Montreal. Great place to stroll around and pick up something for dinner. The shop at the back specializing in Canadian goods is a great place to pick up souvenirs for the folks back home.
3	Great place to meander around and pick up a few things here and there while tasting the produce before buying it. Note: Creperie had a very long line. I am guessing they were all tourists, as the crepes were  the worst I've had in Montreal.
5	A great place for fresh fruit directly brought to you from the farms. You can always try before buying. During summer is a good season to pick up some fruits and also vegetable.
5	Love this Montreal farmer's market! beautiful selection of local, seasonal veg, fruits as well as cheeses, maple syrup, meats, seafood, flowers, what have you....I'd shop here all the time if I lived here.
4	Great spot for foodies & anyone who appreciates fresh produce. They offer such selection & samples so u can validate what's clear. They offer much to any cook who's looking for some fresh ingredients.
5	It's the mack daddy of all outdoor markets. Stall after stall of produce and a huge covered pavilion with prepared food and goodies. No matter where you are in Montreal it's worth the trip to to Jean-Talon for uber food and excellent people watching!
5	Oh to be able to come here every day or weekend. I'd be in my own personal heaven. I do love a plethora of free samples, and the prices for many items ain't bad to boot!This isn't to say that most of the produce is local or fresh or organic or any of that high-end stuff. But it is where you can taste practically anything you want before you buy.Special bonus for the $1 areas that feature the stuff that just might go bad in a couple days.So many samples, so little time. But we had to be off to explore the rest of this beautiful city.
4	4.5Yet another one of these Montreal must-visits so many told me to try. They were right. Take what you love about farmers' markets (where does that damn apostrophe go?), add some serious street cred, aged wisdom, and a bunch of delicious items to eat and you have the wonderfulness that is Marche Jean-Talon.I began my visit just by walking around. There's a lot to explore, see, smell, and taste you so owe it to yourself to do it all. As I went aisle by aisle, tasting different fruits, speaking mangled franglais and, generally, making a touristy nuisance of myself, I thought how happy I was to be here and be present. After I couldn't take any more torture of temptation, I landed on Le Tartarin. I noticed a bunch of people queued up there and figured that they must know what's up. They did. I didn't know how to order and the workers were too busy to show me. Finally, a manager took pity on me and walked me through the process. The good news is that I had plenty of time to know what I wanted to order: one salmon fume sandwich (with capers, onions and cream cheese... you know the deal), fries with vinegar (why hadn't I done this before?) and apple juice. Lunch of champions.But, I wasn't done. During lunch, I was joined by la reine de Montreal who let me know that I needed gelato in my life. She led me to Havre Aux Glaces and I, sheepishly, bowed my head. Y'see, I'd already been there sampling their goodies for all they were worth and promising to come back. Great minds and all that. After tasting the 70% chocolate (and having it rock my world), I ordered some caramel gelato and allowed myself to go in to full blimp mode. I didn't care. I was on vacation. Ugh. This review has me jonesing for the magic of MJT. I don't suppose I can justify a trip up north JUST to come here... can I?
5	We lived downtown so to get here we had to take the metro which was an adventure of its own but it was easy. Going here gave us a chance to see a bit more of the city and learn that basically no one would speak english to us on purpose outside of the tourist ridden downtown. But I guess it is a part of the experience. The market was very exciting, not as big as expected, but very reminiscent of markets in Europe. The variety of cheeses, spices and fresh produce was so amazing to see and choose from!!
4	I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review of this place - I've been going there for years!Location: In the heart of Little Italy. The closest subway is probably de Castelnau (blue line) or Jean Talon (orange). The market offers indoor and outdoor parking (space is limited - get there early) and street parking is available but you'll have to feed the meter. The goods: Jean Talon market is a farmer's market where you'll find almost every type of fruit or vegetable known to man (OK, perhaps North American varieties only). The fruits and veggies are colorfully displayed at each kiosk for you to see and oftentimes taste, which is great because who wants to spend money on tasteless fruit? At each extremity of the market, you'll find butchers, cheese shops and restaurants though in some cases, these (the specialty shops) may be a little expensive. Now, where the goods are concerned: don't expect to find local produce only because you'll be disappointed. While the bulk of the product IS local, if you don't pay attention you will find yourself going home with nectarines that originate from the good old USA. Do I mind this? Not necessarily, but when I visit a farmer's market, I do want to support the local farmers as opposed to my neighbors across the border. Just sayin'. What to watch out for: It's worth it to do a quick walk-through and check out prices and quality before you commit to purchasing your fruits and veggies. You will find that some vendors offer better prices than others for exactly the same stuff. In some cases, you may get more bang for your buck, too. Believe it or not, some vendors know f**k all about what they're selling. Surprising, isn't it? So if you're looking for some information on, I don't know, different types of tomatoes and the tomato chick knows a big fat nothing - maybe you want to visit another vendor. Some vendors don't like you to taste their fruit before you buy it. Rare, but it happens. Walk away. Service: This will of course depend on which kiosk that you visit. You'll get a mix here - some vendors are friendly while others are d*cks. True story. Price point: Same as above - this will depend on who you're buying from. In general though, you will find that some stuff is cheaper at the market, while other items are as expensive as what you'd pay in-store. Like I said - it's worth it to shop around. Tips:If, like me, you hate crowds, try to get there when the market opens - you'll have an easier time parking and you'll be able to roam free without having to navigate through hoards of people who think the market is a great place to take a leisurely stroll, 4-wide. I'll state the obvious here: Bring CASH - vendors don't accept anything else. You can use your cards at the specialty shops or restaurants, however. Bring your own bags.Best time to visit: Summer (of course) and early Fall (also, of course).
5	So much to eat and buy here, excellent!----If that first line isn't enticing enough, let me give you some more deets.-Located near Little Italy.-Shucked oysters for $2.50 each with tonnes of variety-Bison burger and hot dog-Foie gras poutine-Locally grown and organic food (though some stalls will have USA and Ontario products)-Freshly squeezed juice-3 tacos for $5-Ample desserts such as crepes and macaroons.-Lots of fresh meat-Lots of coffee shops nearby.Overall, if you love food, this is a must-see attraction in Montreal.   Tip: bring cash
5	Marche Jean-Talon is amazing.  I Yelped a bunch of places in Montreal before my trip this was at the top of my bookmark list.  The produce is so fresh and everyone is very helpful.  I was mesmerized by all of the colors and smells.  I really enjoyed the fact that they had sample trays out for all of the fresh fruit and veggies.  The fruit was unreal.  It had to be the juiciest, most flavorful fruit I have ever tasted.  I could have made a meal out of all of the samples.  Speaking of meals, there was a plethora of shops surrounding the outskirts of the market.  These ranged from crepe shops to cheese shops.  Each one had such a wonderful aroma stemming from them as you walked by.  It was hard not to stop.  Overall, I loved Marche Jean-Talon.  It is hands down one of the best farmers markets I've ever been to.  I would HIGHLY recommend anyone go.  You will not regret it.
5	Crazy amount of beautiful produce! Just crazy!And herbs, and eats, and music and just pure bliss! Can't say much about the quality of the fruits and veg because I only sampled small pieces and didn't purchase, but I can tell ya if you like to cook, or if you like to simply walk aisles of amazing, this is how you should start the weekend. Grab some Mexican for the nearby spot which on one hand completely contrasts the lovely market, yet compliments it beautifully.
4	There are so many things to look at, sample, see, admire and shop for here, there's not much to say other than, "go and see for yourself!" I will say that I had the most delicious homemade popsicle flavour here: Pineapple basil. Amazing.
5	This is by far the best farmers market I have ever been.  There is so much fresh tasty produce.   Most fruit/veggie stands offer samples of their wares.  We actually came here twice.  There's a lot of good food stands and small restaurants.  I had amazing tacos at this small stand near the main entrance.  I almost docked a star since one of the tomato vendors gypped me on my change.  I was suppose to get a couple toonies back but she gave me smaller change instead.    Almost positive it wasn't an accident.  Not a big deal but it's a bit disappointing when tourists get taken advantage, since we're not use to the currency.  Just keep that in mind.
5	Say what?!I never reviewed this place a few months ago when I was rolling through briefly for a work trip. I venture to say Marche Jean-Talon is a must for a taste of local flair if you find yourself in Toronto. You'll find shoppers purchasing everything from bison mint meat on a stick and fresh flowers to Turkish delight and cappuccinos with cat faces crafted into the foam. This is also a great spot to pick up your standard maple syrup souvenirs or everyday purchases like meats and cheeses. Note that the market is covered yet open-air. Wifi is available. Vendors were all very friendly and willing to answer my plentiful questions. Great place to pop in for a quick drink or bite to eat for lunch. I highly recommend trying the meat sticks at the end in the hallway (apologies for the vagueness).
4	Marche Jean-Talon is a large farmers market further out from Montreal's city center. It's interesting to see some new produce that I have never seen in the US, such as "cerise terre," which I looked up later to discover it's a smaller, whiter version of the cherry.Some tips:- All cash market. Although, I did see a few people pay in USD, so that should be widely accepted, especially with the higher exchange value of the USD. - Street parking on the weekends in the neighborhoods surrounding the market. I'm not sure where you would park on the weekdays. It would probably be better to take the metro.Food stalls to try:- Mexican taco stall in the center (with the big Marche Jean Talon sign)- serves 3 tacos for $5 of cochinita pibil, black beans, and marinated red onions- Oyster and seafood stall at the end of the market, "Explorer" set of a dozen oysters for $30- 4 each from Vancouver (West Coast), _can't remember_ (East Coast, Ireland coast (European), and Rhode Island (American)- Fried seafood platter of tender calamari and shrimp ($9), or fish and chips
4	Cute and organized market that has many options to eat if you are hungry I walked around the farmer's market and everything was neat and looked fresh. I ventured to a small cafe for a Portuguese egg tart paired with a espresso. The egg tart was sweet and soft. I also ordered a St. Viateur bagel with cream cheese. The bagels there are denser and chewier than the ones I'm used to. Lastly, I tried a maple toffee macaroon. It had good maple flavor.
5	I wish there was something like this at home in SoCal. Such a clean and neatly organized market with rows and rows of fresh fruit and vegetables and everything in between. Since we were just in town for a few days I couldn't buy much fresh produce but I so wish I could. We ended up not eating here but there were a few food vendors that looked good.
5	Must go place if you are in Montreal!Simply a foodies' paradise. Cheeses, spices, fresh veggies and fruits (which they let you taste most of them), meat and oysters!http://fullspeeduws.wordpress.com/2014/10/04/food-in-montreal/
4	We went here during weekdays, so there were some vendors that close.Really good place to see what kind of produce montreal has to offer...People were really friendly and eager to help if you have any questions. Unlike Paris, you don't have to feel awkward to speak English...Make sure to go around the market, they have other shops that worth checking out.
5	Living in NY I have an opportunity to visit many farmers markets but this one is just differentLikes:- the east side of the market has so many wonderful choices from: fresh oyster bar, many meat shops, tea/coffee shops, crepe shop, several bakeries- west side of the market is where majority of the produce is with tons of produce vendors and some with excellent pricing. We found an egg vendor that sold 5 different those of fresh eggs. Cheese vendors and several plant vendors. - very friendly vendors- some take credit cards- close to the metroDislike:- none
5	To say I was impressed is an understatement; you must visit this open-air market when you're in Montreal, they have EVERYTHING here! My friend let me try his Algerian sausage sandwich and I have never tried anything like it, beyond amazing! There was a full stocked Lebanese bakery, a stall filled with fresh roasted nuts of all kinds, crepes, baked goods, awesome coffee and of course; produce. What makes Jean-Talon market different from the rest however is that they leave out samples for people to try and it's all delicious. The variety is staggering! There must have been at least 4 different types of artichokes including a purple kind. If I were fortunate enough to live in Montreal, I'd be here everyday to buy food to make at home.Coming here was an awesome decision, make sure you do the same!
5	i love this market!been going since i'm 3 apples high when it used to be different. through the years, it changed and got better and awesomer (i know, not a word).the best time to hit the market is during harvest season when produces are at their peak which is about between mid-august to end of september. there's nothing better than go to the tomato and hot pepper farmer which i can't remember the name and just spend 30 minutes to an hour smelling the wonderful orgasmic scent of fresh harvest. if you love food, you'll just love that moment in time where all your senses awaken and you start drooling..the other best time is when they take down the walls to the market announcing the start of the warmer season. *happy dance*sugar season is pretty interesting too. certain produces can be pricier than certain grocery stores so if you care about price, you're better off shopping around. if you want the freshest of produces, outside of sami fruits, you can't go wrong with the market.the shops surrounding the market are interesting enough with some of them being great while others are more so-so. up to you to find what you like best. me, personally, i'm not fond of the new basha and the vietnamese stand. personal preference.there's a 24/7 fruit/vegetable vendor. he's friendly and interesting to talk to. keep him company on those hockey night as he's actually watching the game.all in all, a great market that gets way too crowded on weekend
5	This market has everything. People are friendly and mostly bilingual. I love walking there when the weather's nice to just sample the products with friends.
5	Admittedly I am easily impressed with a good farmer's market, coming from a place where the bar is set very low. I love this place so much I almost came daily during my visit in Montreal.This market, easily accessible by metro, is rather big, with stalls in the center and shops around the perimeter.  The wild strawberries we saw there were tiny, compare to the huge ones I usually see in U.S. but boy, they may be a quarter of the size but pack ten times the flavor.  Not just deliciously red looking, they actually taste sweet and juicy, not watery like the ones from supermarkets.  There are many other vegetables and fruits on sale too, I just wish I have some way to take them home but alas I was a traveler living in a hotel. I also found a stall, where the young lady sells cheeses made by her parents on a nearby farm,  She also sells wool collected from her sheep.  Being a city girl this totally wowed me.  There are cheese shops (where they let you taste a few before you buy), ice cream shops, and bakery serving excellent croissants and coffee.  There are many other shops and stalls offering delicious treats as well, I just wish I had chance to try them all.Highly recommend you to come here for a visit, even if you are just a tourist and not plan on cooking anything in the foreseeable future.
5	This place is amazing! It's the largest out door market I've ever been to, and everything looks and tastes so fresh! I don't know how they do it! You can spend a whole afternoon here, shopping for goods for dinner in the evening. Fruits, veggies, spices, sweets, meats! It's all here! This is the one stop you need to buy what you want for your gourmet dinner tonight!
5	Left with a bag full of goodies. There are samplings all over the place. Make sure you bring a recyclable bag. I promise you will not leave without some fresh produce :-)
5	Great farmers market.  It was excellent to see so many vendors with so much variety of fresh food.I stopped here during vacation into the city, and parked nearby.  Would definitely return if I come back.
5	Great variety of foods, both fresh produce and prepared foods. The vendors are very nice and helpful. One of my favorite places To go just to wander and to screw around and look at things that people are selling.
5	This market is probably my favorite place in the world.I was originally born in Montreal but for the most part raised in Toronto so maybe it's the nostalgia that gets me when I go there.I love this place. I love it in the summer. I love it in the winter. I love it morning, noon and evening. Everything is always fresh. Always priced well. You get MORE than what you pay for. The free sampling allows you to be able to know the product you're buying before you dive and make the purchase.More importantly, the people behind the vendors are always happy. I've considered learning french and moving to Montreal just because I love this place so much that it hurts.
