3	Typical McDonalds. Nothing special either good or bad.
3	Not too bad. The fries are "ok". You may get cold ones or you may get hot ones. Everything else is usually pretty cool.
1	Very disappointing visit to the Gantzel Road McDonalds.  We went on a Wednesday night.  There was a small line at the drive through but the line did not move at all for several minutes.  Then we waited for over 5 minutes before the order taker would take our order. We finally received our food and headed for home.  When we arrived home, we found that they had neglected to give us a 20 piece McNuggets that we had ordered and paid for. I was upset because somebody did not receive their dinner. I called the McDonalds and complained that we were missing part of our order.  The manager, Michelle, told us to write her name on the receipt and bring it back later and our order would be replaced. After hanging up, I proceeded to eat my food.  One item I had ordered was a Deluxe Double Cheeseburger.  I bit into it and my mouth was soon on fire.  The server had mistakenly put HOT Jalapeno Ranch sauce on my burger.  I could not eat it and threw the rest away.  The next day I sent my son to the McDonalds to retrieve the missing 20 piece McNuggets.  We ordered additional food so that everyone at home would have something to eat. Guess what?  When my son got home, again there was missing food.  We had ordered 2 additional 20 piece McNuggets and one of the now three orders was missing.  Also missing was a large French Fry.  This was an incredible amount of incompetence that occurred during two trips to the restaurant.  My advice is to be very careful using the drive-through.window.  Count your items and make sure you have everything you ordered before leaving for home.
1	If I could give this no stars I would. I went through the drive thru, ordered a Big Mac combo meal. I opened it and it was soggy. It had definitely been sitting around. My fries were literally half filled. And the big mac had no sauce. I walked in and politely asked them to add sauce. The manager (or whoever it was) told the cashier to inform me that there would be extra charge. First of all, I ordered it WITH sauce. I informed the cashier (since the manager refused to talk to me) that I wasn't  about to pay extra for something done right that I ordered. Nobody was in there when I walked in. So it shouldn't be a problem right? I told them that I work at a mcdonalds, and this isn't how customers should be treated, especially because I was so calm about it. The cashier finally comes back and says, "they put a lot of sauce" and threw the box at me practically. I didn't take a picture but no exaggeration but it was literally COVERED in sauce. I had to use 8 napkins to wipe the sauce off and even then I couldn't even wipe off the excess. So annoying. I called in and asked politely to talk to the manager just to let them know, and they hung up on me. This experience was ridiculous.
4	I rarely eat McDonald's but my toddler loves their chicken nuggets and this location is one of the only fast food restaurants near my house. I have always had such a pleasant experience here- one time I asked for a cup of water and the guy at the drive through winked and gave me a bottled dasani on the house. Today I went through the busy drive through for a kids meal and was told at the second window that my food wasn't ready and to pull up to the parking lot "drive through number 1" spot. After about 5 minutes they brought out a fresh kids meal and had added in a warm apple pie just for my wait. The drive thru servers are always so polite and although the food leaves much to be desired (it's McDonald's for heavens sake), I appreciate the service when I do visit. The training manager deserves a pat on the back for expecting these minimum wage kids to work so hard!
1	Absolutely the worst service ever!!!  I waited 18 minutes at the drive thru on sunday afternoon/evening.  I was looking around for the camera because I thought someone was playing a joke.   I took a photo of the receipt as well.  Just a happy meal for my son and after the ridicules wait they tried to give me a dr pepper instead of chocolate milk...  wish I could give 0 stars.
1	There drive through staff is terrible. Never get orders right and they repeat the wrong orders about 10 times.  I have never gone here and got an order right.
1	This McDs is the only fast food restaurant (besides Filibertos) open late in this part San Tan Valley, and you think that they would want to have as much business as possible... Then why do they only accept cash most of the time if you go there between 1-4 am? I don't carry cash and especially not that early. I then have to drive all the way in to Queen Creek to get Jack in the Box. That's insane to only take cash (it's not just a one night thing either.) I'm sick of this McDs. Of all the bad service I've had, this one is the worst.
1	Wow!!  EVERY time we go here, usually for a late night, drive thru run, as we are busy and work tons, our order gets messed up, missing food, or cold  EVERY time!!  No kidding!!  Plus, the fries are usually cold, stale, rarely full, the buns are hard, I mean thump when you flick them (yeah, we had to do this, out of shock!)  One time, we even received a cheeseburger with NO PATTY!!  Of course we didn't know this until we got home!  It's enough that my family KNOWS they MUST check the order EVERY time before they get out of line!!!! They are slow, not polite, and just don't care!  OH, and the other night, Sunday night, on a late night run again, we put in our order thru the drive thru, and then were told they only could accept cash at that time!  Huh, we had to leave.  GRRRR!!
1	There is no way to give a NO star ratingThis restaurant is ABSOLUTELY filthy. four managers running around with their heads cut off and no one doing anything. Dead bugs on the floor and soda spilled throughout restaurant. Worst Mc Donald's I have ever experienced.
2	They are so slow. Can't get orders right. Wouldn't recommend if you are in hurry. Gas station would be a better option then McDonald's.
1	Another "wonderful"  visit to the Gantzel Road McDonalds last night. Not a very complicated order, but they still managed to screw it up.  When we got home, the Deluxe quarter pounder turned into a quarter pounder with cheese, and we did not receive the McRib we had ordered at all. All the food was tired, the buns were hard and the meat cold. We go to this store only because it is located a few blocks from our house.
