1	I'm a pretty easy going guy and appreciate a local barbershop.   I hate chains and like to patronize the local guy who busts his hump opening up a new business.  Clearly this is a "2" location and the "first" Boss Barber shop must have be successful in order to open up another location.  I am always on the lookout for a new barber that is closer to home.  I was excited when this opened up and was next to my gym and much closer to home then my other great barber.You have to think each month me and my two boys will get our hair cut, so I would think that's some good business. I think I tip pretty well - $5 on a haircut.  You would also think that I know at least a few guys who need haircuts and shaves locally, and my fellow gym rats would hear about my new great Barber experience.So when I walk into your place, midweek after a workout, why wouldn't you ask me if I needed help?  Why would I just stand there for 2-3 minutes?   Two guys were working there.  One was cutting someone and the other guy was clearly on his cell phone on a personal call.  Unless that call was 1) Your parole officer, 2) Your mother in the hospital, or 3) Publisher's Clearing House telling you, you just won a bunch of FU money - I think you could notice me and say, "Hey man, can I help you? Or "Hey I'll be with you in one second" and wrap up your phone call.   If it was an important call - couldn't the guy cutting hair pause for a second and walk over to greet me with the same type of response?I dunno.  I was interested in a cut and a shave.  Maybe some of you fellow Yelpers think I'm being a hard a$$ or maybe I'm just "old school" and think a personal cell call takes second place to a new customer, walking into a new business, but I don't think so.   I'm in sales.  Customers matter.  New customers are tough to acquire. Put your cell phone down and deal with it another time.Oh well...I guess I'll never know if you were good or worthy of my business.
4	I enjoy the barbershop atmosphere.  They are unique.  This one is no different.  It has it's own character.  Unfortunately it's a person on his cellphone. Outside of that the conversation is good. We joke around with each other and have to catch up on our day to day each time I go. Now if your pretentious then perhaps you should stick with the chain cutters. That way I don't have to wait for you in line.
4	Got my buzz cut by Zabriel. Awesome service and got treated like a king. Get my haircut here every time I'm in town. Ask for Zabriel, or John.
