4	These are genuine handcrafted beers. Great location in Downtown Mesa. Has a nice patio outside for enjoying the sunny weather. Go check it out, it's the only brewery downtown and is centrally located! The red mountain ale is to die for! I can't wait for their IPA!
4	Popped in here one day while The Better Half was doing some antique shopping down the street. What a lucky day that was! I consider myself a Craft Beer enthusiast, not an expert....so don't be too hard on my review. I think this joint just opened in Oct, and it looked very new. I browsed the menu board and decided to try:Buzz Bomb IPA, $6 pinthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=DR5zoM94SO2fH4Y-mRBhrA#DR5zoM94SO2fH4Y-mRBhrAPomegranate Wheat, $6 pinthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=93i2Y7h5xIkt2mHuPjN25g#93i2Y7h5xIkt2mHuPjN25gThey were both awesome, but my fav was the Pomegranate Wheat. I enjoyed it so much that I bought a Growler ($35) for the road.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=bclK6U1ybEtZweVHeuylJA#bclK6U1ybEtZweVHeuylJAThey don't serve food here, but allow you to bring your own in. There's a Pizza joint next door and a couple of other restaurants nearby in case you get the munchies. If you don't feel like getting off your bar stool, they have Bar Snack Mix for you to munch on....although it won't be enough to fill you up, at least not with an appetite like mine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/desert-eagle-brewery-mesa?select=I6m_-zkwBDWwWBjRwG82Kg#I6m_-zkwBDWwWBjRwG82KgThe staff was super friendly and helpful.  I hope they make it.Return Factor - 97%
1	Bad beer. Poor service. Good location. Cool growlers for sale.
4	Had the sampler and loved the Red Mountain Ale and the Dunkel Weizen but I am partial to amber beers. Great to have a brewery on Main St. in Mesa !
3	Located in downtown Mesa. Certainly the only game in that part of town. Have to give them 1 star for having the huevos to building a brewery in Mesa.  However many negatives. No food, subpar beer, I've tasted better homebrew than the stuff they are making and no free tasters, Should really only be 2 stars but like I said one star for going into Mesa.
5	Great range of brews! Big fan of the IPA, Black Talon RIS and Smoked Porter!
4	Really Great Brewery, Best Dunkelweizen I have had in town.  My only complaint is that it closes at midnight.
1	Born and raised in mesa and a howebrewer i was all about a brewery in a LDS controlled city.....but....the beers are horrible. They are all contaminated, but the worst part about is that the staff doesn't think there is anything wrong.All beers are fermented way to high and all have a phenol burn to them. Can't muscle them down.This is my forth trip here and will be my last...I get being a new brewery and trying to work things out but maybe focus on 4 or 5 beers and do them well, then explore.
2	First off I love local breweries! I was excited to come down to Mesa for dinner and checked out Yelp and found a new brewery had opened downtown. We had to check out DE. My first impression was positive. There was a blue grass band playing in the corner and had a cool outside patio. We sat down at the bar waiting to try beer. My main complaint was that it took nearly 5 mins for anyone to greet us or at least say a word to us. I used to work in the restaurant business and I'm forgiving on people that are busy and working hard, but there wasn't many people in the bar, and I counted 5 other people at the actual bar with us. I could see the 2 bartenders were busy but I was watching one wash glasses and talk to other employees and talk to other people at the bar besides us...hmm...we were just about to leave but were finally greater with "had anyone talked to you two yet". I decided to try their beer because I'm not in Mesa that often and wanted to try the brewery. I had the Route 66 IPA and the wife had the super strong imperial IPA. First and foremost I'm a huge fan of IPAs and that's pretty much all I drink. I honestly really didn't like this one. It was like an unfiltered IPA with a taste if bananas. Like a cross of a Hefe and a IPA. I tried my wife's imperial and it was horrible as well?... I asked for a sample of the Clubbers IPa they make and it was even worse! I've never been to a brewery I didn't like but I have now. The only reason I don't give it 1 star is because I didn't try all the beers. To be fair I may come back one day and try the others to give them a fair rating, but after subpar service even when it's wasn't all that busy, trying 3 beers that I would never try again...a 2 star rating is all its getting.
5	First off I have only been here once so don't know what repeat visits will be like yet, but I was recommended to this place from several clients at work and finally made it out there with my wife and 3 of my beer aficionado friends (we've been to around 30 breweries, drank literally 1000's of different beers) and I had a great experience here.  I went on a Wednesday and they had live music playing an acoustic guitar player that played Clapton era rock. As soon as I walked in I was digging the music I looked at their beer menu which was large and diverse which I found great for the phoenix area and was greeted as soon as I stepped up to the bar (Which is how most breweries tap rooms operate, they want you to know what you want when you step up or expect you to ask about their beers if you don't know beers). Along with their great selection that night they offer any of their 5 beers in a tasting sampler that comes out in a star shaped holder that is numbered so you can remember which beer is which. Being a home brewer myself I had to try every beer on the menu and really all of them are very good. Seriously whomever these people on here that gave this a 1 star for bad beer must not know what good beer taste like or just tried the wrong beers for their taste. If you want a nice place with live music this is the place to go. They don't serve food, but you can order from the surrounding restaurants which have good food. Their staff is friendly, but I could see where you made need to take the initiative to order. It's not that big of a place and going up to the bar to order your drink when you're close to finishing shouldn't put you off. Overall a great selection and fun place to enjoy with your friends.So onto the beers I tasted:From Best to Worst on a scale of 1 to 10:Number 1: Roman Eagle Xtra Pale Ale 5.9% ABV - 10I was surprised that this was my favorite beer as I'm a hop head and normally would go for an IPA above anything else, but this beer just had the complexity and malt characteristics I love along with enough hops to satisfy me.Number 2: Imperial Adler IPA 12.0% ABV -  9This was the first beer I enjoyed when I came in and it came in the standard snifter for high alcohol brews and I very much enjoyed the strength and hops I actually had it rated highest until I tried it back to back with the Roman Eagle.Number 3: Black Talon R.I.S 8.0% ABV - 8 to 8.5This Russian Imperial Stout was actually something of a surprise to me. I'm not typically a fan of stouts (so that may be a bad thing for you stout fans out there) but for some reason this one was just so smooth with an after taste of almost sour cherries or something, I couldn't put my finger on it, all I know is it was good.Number 4:Red Mountain Ale 6.0% ABV - 7 A good red ale a very subtle flavor but with enough kick that you won't just be throwing these back left and right. Light on hops, but with enough malt to have some flavor.Number 5: Smoked Porter 5.8% ABV - 7I'm not a fan of smoked things, but I do like porters and this one was good. I'm sure I would have liked it better without the smoked flavor, but for you smoke fans it did linger and have a smooth finish.Number 6: Main St. Blonde Ale 4.5% ABV - 6.5Definitely the most friendly beer in the bunch, a very open to any pallet beer that would be good for first timers to a brewery or for the crowds that like their beers in the "light" variety.Number 7: Cubbie IPA  7.2% - 6.5While being an IPA this is that of the least aggressive variety. Very mild IPA with mild hops and no kick. A beer you could drink a lot of before you got full. Not something I normally do, but I mixed this with the Roman Eagle to form what was my favorite drink of the night. Took out a little of the punch in the face flavors from the Roman and added a nice hop balance that I really enjoyed. Number 8: Route 66X IPA 7.2% - 6A decent IPA, I've just had soooooo many over the years (I go to Total Wine every other week to see if there is a new one I haven't tried) that while I'm sure this is a decent beer. It just didn't suit my tastes.Number 9: Golden Eagle Wheat 5.0% - 6A Decent wheat beer, reminds me of a better version of the bud light wheat or whatever that was called. Just not enough flavor for me but could be a good beer for the 30 pack drinker in the party.Number 10: Black Cherry Blonde 4.5% - 5Supposedly there was cherry in this beer, they must have put like a pound for 30 gallons because I didn't even get a hint of it. Still not a horrible blonde, definitely light and drinkable just don't expect magic in your mouth.Number 11: Pomegranate Wheat 4.9% -4Maybe they use the same base as the Golden Eagle and that's why I didn't like this beer, it did at least have some of that fruit flavor unfortunately that wasn't enough to make this beer better in fact it somehow made it worse. Maybe a bad batch or just not to my taste.
5	Tried this place for the first time last night. If you're a "beer guy" this is the place to hit. They brew all their own stuff on location. They've only been open about eight months. The employees are great, super down to earth, very attentive, did I mention their beer is amazing? If you dig IPAs, try their Imperial Adler IPA. 12% and jeezus it's so good. Spread the word peeps!
1	Big fans of local brews and breweries.  Was excited to try this place out when we found it. The beer list on the wall SOUNDS amazing and we couldn't decide which to go with so we ordered a flight.  If we liked what we had, we would order another flight and sample as many as we could.That opportunity did not afford itself.  We could not even finish some of the beers in the flight.  I have to agree with another reviewer that several of the beers had too strong of an alcohol burn.  The brewery itself had a "beer gone bad" smell to it.  1 star for the outdoor patio.We had:Pomegranate Wheat; was okay, not a huge pomegranate flavor, was finishable but not rememberable.Black Cherry Blonde; the best one we had.  It tasted like juice.  We chased some of the other ones with it.Imperial Adler IPA; initial hops aroma and flavor were extremely satisfying and then... wtf happened?  It turned to alcohol on the back of my tongue.  Couldn't finish this one, but tried.Black Talon RIS; this one didn't even work in the beginning.  Sneered our noses at it and poked it with a stick a little.  Went down the drain mostly undrank.Roman Eagle Pale Ale; second favorite of the bunch, nothing offensive, which by the time we got around to this one we were so happy so have something drinkable it probably boosted our opinion of it.Save your dollars and taste buds for something better, imo.
5	Micro brew and live music!
4	Pomegranate wheat beer, yes please!  This is a great little brewery, and a very chill spot to hang out.  I'll warn you they don't have food, but you can bring your own or order from one the local restaurants for delivery.  I would definitely recommend you do the tasting flight. It's a great price and you can try a selection of beers.   Then if you're still thirsty you can pick your favorite beer to order.  Looking forward to my next visit, and hoping to see this sold in AZ liquor stores soon!!
3	I had no idea this place even existed!Its in a great spot too. Walking distance to the new MAC, The Nile, and a few restaurants. Their beer selection is good, I wouldnt say its stellar, but it passes. I hada premium sampler on one visit and a glass of something different each time I was at the bar the next. I like the way their serve their  flights, its in a star. The 2 brews I would recommend ate the Red Mtn Ale and the Black Cherry Blonde. Both are very good. They have a stack of local menus behind the bar if youre feeling hungry, all places that deliver. They even have a little patio across from the front door. The staff here is awesome too. Super nice and ever so patient.Dont be put off by the weird smell that resides in this place either (something we could only compare to walking by the pet store in the mall). Its actually the brewhouse located behind the back bar wall. Walk in and try a brew!
2	Disappointed.... This is a tap room and a marginal one at that. Maybe it is just me but when someone says brewery I think great beer, great appetizers, great service, and options for non-beer drinkers. This place doesn't have any of this things. The beer was marginal, there is no food at all (the waitress brought us menus from local places that would deliver), the service was marginal (took forever to get drinks, never got refills and had to get up to ask for our check), and there are no options for non-beer drinkers -no wine or mixed drinks. I was excited for a new place to open in downtown but this place dosing excite me or the 5 people who went with me. I will give this place another chance because I like supporting local places, but they need to make some changes.
2	I wanted to try this brewery because I saw it on Untappd. I live in Mesa and didn't realize it was there, but in seeing the check-in I sought it out. The person checked in with a Russian Imperial Stout, and that is one of my favorites. There is street parking that is not too far away. I entered and sat at a table - no one came to help. After about 10 minutes a spot at the bar opened up and I moved to that seat. Even then it took a few minutes for someone to come by - and there were 3 people behind the bar. I finally ordered the Imperial Russian Stout and I had to take a few sips because I was surprised - surprised that something so dark and rich had absolutely no flavor. It really didn't taste like anything I have had. None the less I finished it and ordered a second drink. I ordered the Buzz Bomb - an IPA, which is another favorite of mine. Again I was surprised because it didn't have a taste. As I checked in on my Untapped app I noticed that someone else commented that it was underwhelming and didn't have a taste. It was nice to know that I wasn't crazy. I did like supporting a local brewery, but  I tried it and I don't have to come back. If I do I will try something I haven't had, because what I did have was unimpressive.
5	Fantastic small town local brewery. Knowledgable & friendly staff is super helpful & the beer is delish!! Love the rye pale ale & I don't even like pale ale.
5	They specialize in one thing, beer...and they're good at it.
5	Hooray Beer! Finally Mesa has its own Brewery.  Fun place, great staff, and delicious beers. Quite a variety of beers. No food service but they have food trucks and you can order from local restaurants for delivery.
4	This is such a cool little place on Main Street in Mesa. They don't serve food here, but some local places will deliver to them, so it's all about the beer here.For brewing their beers, they have a surprisingly great selection of craft beers. Me and my girlfriend went there on a Sunday when everything else on the street was closed. We started with a flight that came on an awesome handmade steel star tray (good start) and ended up ordering 3 more beers each. The bartenders were all really cool, and everyone there (including the other customers) were all really chill.This is a great place for happy hour or late night beers or even a place to have a beer or two to kill time. I personally would recommend the Golden Eagle Wheat (tho my girlfriend said it was a little bland) and the Dunkel Weizen.
5	This place is so nice they have great beer it always taste so fresh! The staff is friendly. And they even serve pretzels to munch on... To top it off it's the only brewery in Mesa !!  Black cherry blonde is my friends and I favorite. But my husband likes the red mountain ale
4	Nice little neighborhood brewery.  Small, nice place to meet before going to the Art Center. Clean and the beer's cold.  No food served here though.
4	Nice place to grab a beer in Mesa.  Loved their IPA and porter.
5	I'm a bit of an IPA snob, so the fact the have at least 2 or 3 on tap at any one time has me hooked.  Any brewer who can make a 12% IPA (Adler) and have a slightly sweet, non-alcoholic ending on it is great by me.  I can't wait for the light rail so that more folks can try them without the worry of transport back home.  P.S. An earlier opening on Friday would be much appreciated!
5	Great variety of beers on draft so my wife can always find something to enjoy.  I'm obsessed over their Dunkel.
5	I have grown quite fond of this small quaint micro brewery. I really love the "Roman Eagle Extra Pale Ale" which is more of a "hoppy" flavor beer and "Eagles Talon" which is a dark beet with a rum blend which is incredibly smooth. They have a great selection of different beers from light to dark and I would go try a sampler of them all for your first outing. There is entertainment throughout the week but I find that Thursday through Sat night bodes some of the better entertainment. I've heard so very talented musicians play there. they also have a nice outside seating area. Parking in front is limited but there is plenty more around the back and there is a rear entrance to use from there. I always angle park my harley in front and will sit inside to listen to the musicians or go outside, face the street, put my feet up, light up a great cigar and sip on a couple great beers. They don't have a restaurant incorporated within the brewery but food can be ordered and delivered from menus available inside the restaurant. Go check it out folks!!
4	it was ok beer was not that great tasting you can't even buy a small glass of beer without buying a flight. very getto area
5	Great beer, and super clean place! The only place in arizona that serves true German das dunkel brew. This place has a lot of character and friendly people that hang out here as soon as the place opens at 3pm. Reasonable prices and friendly people. Free popcorn! Lots of great beers to chose from. Clean bathrooms.... Everything is great here. I would like to see them open around lunch time, and maybe see them get some food up in this place, appetizers only would be perfect. Can't wait to come back and get a growler!
5	I really enjoy this local, fun beer bar!! Have had the lighter beers and really enjoyed them. Very friendly bartenders. A few nice, big tv's. A nice place to unwind with friendly people and atmosphere!!
5	A really enjoyable local brewery experience. I appreciated the fact that they had two beers on nitro. Bartender Ericka was really fun to talk to you and even mixed some beers for us for fun entertaining conversation. I thought this place looks great as lots of craft breweries turn to over hop their beers and I felt like this place had good found some great flavor without too much hops. A local gem
3	Had never been before so went for a few father's day drinks.  There was a large selection of beers though they were out of 2, including the standard blonde, which was disappointing.  Tap room was nice and it was clean.  Service was slow but  very friendly.  Patio outside looks fun when its not 110 outside.  Didn't try all the beers but had a handful.  Pomegranate wheat was the best of the bunch but wasn't world changing.  Wish they had the black cherry but they were out.  Would try it again to get a better feel and try more.
5	Their beers are amazing. Seriously. I don't know how more people don't know about it, but I'm sure they will once Mesa continues the light rail track. We went on a night when they had a live blues rock band. Great service, great selection. Crowd is a little odd, but beers make up for it.
5	The only self respecting brewery in the Phoenix area.The staff is knowledgable, the beers are unique and in spite of the harsh Arizona climate they aren't afraid to make big beers that range outside of the sessionable blondes, lagers, and low abv reds that have defined the region for me.Other breweries in the area put cute girls behind the tasting room's bar, who don't know a thing about the beer, and are only there to distract from the lack of creativity among of the beers themselves and overall selection.Go to Desert Eagle. They answered my questions. I met the owners. The brewer has self respect and passion in his craft. They have a bold selection of brews to choose from, all top notch... Some better than others, but not a bad beer hereTry the: red, porter, RIS, XXPA
4	The beer is great, some of the best  craft in the valley. The service is great , people are nice , but the Friday nite music leaves a little to be desired... But come here for the beer well worth it!!!
5	Very clean place with lots of great beer selections brewed in-house. Krystal provided great service and was willing to answer any questions we had. They also have free wifi!
4	Nice place in downtown Mesa. Great options for those who want to try something that isn't bud light. I've been here several times and it's always been friendly service.
1	There are a few things wrong with this place. Tap room isn't very welcoming, no food menu at all, but mostly the beer.For the life of me I cannot fathom how any sane person with taste buds thinks this beer is palatable. It makes me wonder if all the 5 star reviews are friends of the owner.I want so bad to like this place and I am very open to supporting local breweries, even if the beer isn't phenomenal. But the beer at this place is just plain bad. I could never quite label it but what the other reviewer said about the "phenol" taste makes sense. Every beer at this place has the same after taste. I've never gotten more than one beer each time I've gone, and it takes me about an hour to finish it.Please Desert Eagle, if you read these, listen to some of these home brewers. Be open to constructive criticism, you're sitting on a potential goldmine. And for Pete's sake experiment some and get that horrible taste out of your beers!
4	Great place for beer! Have been there a few time..staff is always nice. We live about ten mins away so it's not to far. Have purchased growlers from there..just eat before you go!
5	Great place with awesome beer. The Red Mountain Ale is very good and the staff are very nice!
5	I've lived in AZ most of my life and I have only been to downtown Mesa a handful of times.  When my hubby told me there was a brewery there that intrigued him, I was skeptical.  Who goes to downtown Mesa anyway?  After our experience at Desert Eagle, my skepticism is gone.  Desert Eagle is a gem.  We stopped in on a Thursday night and they had a great band playing, there were dogs and owners on the patio, and the beer was flowing.  We ordered a flight of 5 beers.  I was most impressed with the pomegranate wheat and I enjoyed the double IPA because it was really smooth and didn't slap you in the face with hops like most doubles do.  The bartender gave us a taste of the pumpkin brew and it put me in the mood for Fall.  It had great notes of nutmeg and pumpkin.  The bartender and the clientele were very welcoming and friendly to Downtown Mesa newbies.
5	Might be one of my new favorite breweries. The service on a laid-back NFL Sunday was quite pleasant. A couple of the taps were out and that is always disappointing but the flavorful variety of beers did not disappoint us in the least. There are a lot of choices here in Phoenix, but this one hit the spot. We tried every beer on the menu between our group of 6 and there was something for everyone. No food on the menu here, but you can bring in your own. Good popcorn!
2	I wish I could give this place a better review.I want to start off by saying that I am very glad that this brewery exists in Mesa.  I first came here with a couple of friends after an arts festival at the Mesa Arts Center.  Everyone at the bar was pretty friendly, and I did enjoy their IPA at the time that had 12% alcohol content (it was nice because of how smooth it was).  They don't have food at this place, but they have made deals with surrounding restaurants so that food can be delivered.The second time I came was with a new couple of friends.  We hung out quietly with a flight of beer in the evening, walked over to a show and then came back for a night cap; however, as we were about to walk in someone who was apparently an employee came up and demanded IDs (which has never happened here before, and also when I say demanded he DEMANDED them; he came off as if he was on the attack).  My friend joked with him and mentioned that he had seen us earlier, that we were already in the bar (there was only one other table at the time, so we thought he would recognize us).  Instead he got very hostile towards us, again demanded the IDs (we were already taking them out as we were joking with him), and said a few passive aggressive things towards us.  We decided it was not worth it, and after walking in for a minute decided to turn around and walk away without that night cap.  The friend of mine who wanted to crack a joke with this employee is the most diplomatic person I know; she is the person to diffuse situations, and for whatever reason this employee decided that she was attacking him, when it was obvious that for whatever reason he did not want us in there (we were not drunk, and we are not a mean group of people, so I really have no idea what his issue was).  Could have been a one-off situation, and he may have been having a bad day.  Regardless, it left a bad taste in my mouth.  I don't think it would be worth it for me to go back and give it another chance.
4	This place is pretty cool! I like the atmosphere and the decorations, but more importantly, the beers that I tried were all very good. I've read some of the old reviews, and it seems that this place has gotten its act together now with their beer and new kitchen menu. I had the wings, which are grilled instead of the usual fried, but at $12 (which is the most I've ever paid for wings) I was expecting more flavor. I've also been able to hear a few different live music performances here now, and they've all been good, except that some are just too loud for this little place and you have to yell to have a conversation. When the quieter musicians are playing, though, this place is very pleasant and friendly.
