5	I went there the other day to mail a package. Scott, the guy behind the counter, was an interesting character. He was super beyond-all-reason helpful. He had this strange Southern accent that I've never heard before. He made the experience almost surreal. Should you ever need Fedex services and you're in the area, go there. Ask for Scott. If he's not there go back later and see if he's working. It's worth it. Other than that, there was just a lot of copying and regular business stuff going on.
2	I worked at the Tempe Kinko's years ago, during which time an anarchist co-worker remarked:  "We are the factory workers of the Information Age."  Profound?  It sort of is if management drops you in a baby blue monkey-suit and makes you don an apron.  Think about it.  Kinko's workers essentially perform the same routine task day in and day out in their stations (on busier days) for low wages.  It's Fordism transferred to the copy shop.  Like factory workers, we also employed the "weapons of the weak" (work slowdowns and discounts to customers to cut into corporate profits) to covertly express our discontent with our work situation.  That was then, of course, and this is now at a different store.  But I get it...the job sucks...big time...and employees are just going through the motions to a get a paycheck.With that said, I am still not a big fan of this Kinkos, at least not late at night.  I guess they fake it less well than employees at other stores.  I have been in twice recently at night and the service has sucked.  Coming to the counter to help a customer appeared to be a sizeable burden for any of the number of employees behind the counter (part of this is due to a company policy that says that you are not to leave your station).  When one finally did make it to the front, little attempt was made to hide his lack of enthusiasm for the job and disdain for customers.  I'm not sure, but he may be on the graveyard crew.  That may account for something, since the Kinko's graveyard workers that I have known have been a little off.The last time I went in to get resume copies on E1 (cotton paper with a watermark).  The guy took the order and processed it quickly, but he copied it with the watermark upside down.  I can't imagine that being a deal breaker in a hiring decision, but it could be one of those attention to details things that looks a little bad.  I sort of felt like a ass asking for my order to be redone with the watermark facing the right way, but I wanted a polished looking resume (which is why I went with the cotton paper in the first place).  In any case, the guy told me "no," that it would be too much trouble to go through the sheets and face them the right way.  Having worked there, I know that you are supposed to make copies with the watermark facing the right direction and that it is not a big deal to do so.  If you make a mistake, all you have to do is flip the paper and do it again.  That was too much for this guy apparently.  As much as I can empathize with the guy for having to work behind that counter, I wish he would have shown a different way to express his dissatisfaction with the job.  It would have been much cooler of him to get back at the man by hooking me up then my effing up my order.
5	I use FexEx Kinko's locations as my on the road office a great deal and of all the Phoenix locations I prefer this on the most. Last time I checked this was a 24 hour facility so the hours listed are incorrect.
1	This place looks nice when you walk in, but don't expect any customer service. I've been in twice to use a computer during my work day and both times I've had both printer issues as well as employee incompetency issues. The people there don't seem to think they need to help you and would rather sit behind the counter chatting. When I finally got someone to come over to help they made the problem worse and ultimately resulted in taking an insane amount of time trying to get refunded for their mistakes which they wouldn't even apologize for. Ps James, member since 06... you'd think you'd learn how this stuff works by now. Also, your a jerk.
1	Employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you.
2	Staff is unhelpful, they acted like I was an inconvenience to them.  The fax machine erred and I had to fight to have my price adjusted to the correct amount.
4	Used this location to print invitations. Initial meeting was great; associate made suggestions on paper, offered to cut the invitations out, to print multiple copies on one page ("this will save you money!").  They were ready the next day, even before agreed upon deadline.One catch: she didn't disclose that the cutting and putting the 2 on one piece of paper were significant added expenses . Added 50% to the cost of my order of two dozen invites. $10 for the paper cutting (what recession??) and $5 for "file enhancement" (aka printing 2 copies on one page). If this had been proposed beforehand, I'd have said, "Uh, thanks but no thanks." A VERY IMPORTANT UPDATE:Helene, the location's manager wrote me about my prior negative review and asked to make it right. She offered to refund the entire order and apologized. I have to say --- a very impressive move. There's no doubt FedEx does great work and fast. Now I can say they want repeat business. This was a teachable moment for the staff and I'm grateful for their high tech and expedient response. This was not a high dollar order. They could have just easily let me walk with my business but they did the honorable thing.I'm upping my review to four stars and will be back.
2	Would not use as a shipping service, they are extremely slow to process even if there is no one in line. Makes even the post office look good.
2	Super pricey for a large format print job that was done at half the cost at another print shop around the corner.  Oh and apparently what takes another print shop less than 15 minutes to do, takes FedEx/Kinkos more than a day to do.  Shipping is expensive too.
5	FedEx is the best! Eric and I, being the creative minds we are, wanted to custom make our wedding invites. I came up with a very unique concept and Eric made it doable. We made our layout and got our card stock from Kelly's paper and brought it in. The test run worked but when we tried to print a large amount the ink started smudging after the third one. The staff was nice enough to help us and told us we were using the wrong settings, so they fixed it and reimbursed us for the messed up ones. Then the images started to shift during printing so when they used the cutter to cut the invites, it did not come out as planned. They reimbursed us for the cutting and paid for the reprinting of those that got messed up. That was definitely more than I expected them to do. They suggested this professional folding machine that you had to crank manually for every fold you wanted. Each invite had 3 folds and we sent out over 120 invites, so my arms were dead by the end. Plus we decided to cut each by hand since the cutting machine was not compensating for the shift in printing. The two main staff members that helped us out were Levi and Tricia, who kept checking on us our whole 5 hours of work. They were extremely helpful and I'm sure they were surprised when I didn't freak out when things were going wrong. But I'm not a cry baby and they turned out AMAZING! Everyone that would come in would compliment our invites and said they had never seen anything like it, so I'd say it was a success. Couldn't be happier and couldn't have done it without all the help from FedEx.
4	It's open 24 hours! Printed some large posters and handouts for a presentation. Submitted the job online and it was done as requested. Best thing is that it's open 24 hours, so you can submit your job at night and have it ready by the morning for pickup.
4	I'm writing this review primarily on personal customer service received and good fortune being experienced!  First off, the team seems as if they really know their stuff because originally I had placed an online printing order (after 7pm) for headshots which I needed the next day.  I immediately received a call from the Assistant Manager who informed me that the pic size I had submitted was too small and would possibly experience some distortion if they printed it as was requested via the online order.  She explained what I needed to do, I told her my tight timeline for the next day and she assured me that she would be onsite at the time I was going to be arriving to their location.  Very good, so I get there the next day, the Assistant Manager was indeed there and remembered my name and situation, then immediately instructed a team member what I needed to do, and off I went to be assisted.  To make a long story, short - The machine that I was advised to use took only credit cards, which is fine, but because I was in such a hurry to get to my audition, I inadvertently left my credit card in the machine and the blindly left the store!!!  Now, completely in unawares I leave the store, happy as could be, thinking I was successful in my efforts!.....Fast forward to this morning, YES, this very morning, when I go to retrieve this particular credit card from my handbag and it is nowhere to be found!!! OMG, OMG, OMG!!!  Soon after my OMG moments, the FedEx Kinko's machine flashes before my eyes and FINALLY I realized what I had done!  Needless to say, I immediately called the location, explained who I was and what I had done, and the kind lady on the phone calmly said, " Oh yes, I have that here for you....You just need to bring a picture ID with you to pick it up, but it's here for you." Me:  Yaaaaayyyy!!!....OMG, Thank you sooooo much, I'll be there soon!I get there, state my name at the desk, and BAM - the kind lady who answered the phone, jumps into action, "Do you have your picture ID on you, hon?" (You bet your a** I do.....I didn't say that out loud), "Absolutely," is how I replied as I whipped it out of my handbag....Back in flash there she reappears with my credit card in hand -No harm, no foul - WOW....Thank you, Jesus!!!So, for these reasons, I love this place!  I can't give them 5 stars because I truly don't KNOW or frequent their location enough to justifiably give them that relating to the operation of their business, but I can absolutely share MY personal experience about the team members there and the treatment I received, So dammit, I just did! :)))Thanks everyone, I sincerely appreciate each and every one of you who had a hand it keeping me a happy girl!
5	Another update, I used FedEx printing to make a banner for Eric's birthday to post up on our Tour de Tavern pub crawl and it came out perfect! At first I wanted to just print it on regular paper, but the guy at the counter told me I could get a quality outdoor banner for almost the same price (It was on sale). So I gave them the file and let them know I needed it the next day. They called me later that day to let me know it was ready early which worked out great because I was able to pick it up after work without the birthday boy finding out! They always have some sort of special in the store or I see different offers pop up when I check in on Yelp. Great place for printing!
1	Go to UPS!! I came here because I had to turn in a assignment for school and my scanner wasn't working so I figured I could get them to scan a few papers and email them to me for a buck or two. They said they couldn't do that unlike a UPS store. My options were to either pay to use there over priced computers at like 70 cents a minute with a single page scanner or they could sell me a USB and put it on the overpriced 11$ USB.. From now on I will continue to give my business to UPS stores and plan better in the future so I don't end up having to use this late night crap store again
