4	I just went here the other day with my groupon in hand for a massage. The owner came out and shook my hand after entering into a pleasant and cozy waiting area in which artwork for sale could be found on the walls while you wait. The staff there immediately greeted my partner and I--they were super friendly and helpful. The address and place can be a little easy to miss but I actually overheard the owner telling someone they are acquiring a large sign for out front. I didn't feel this area was run down at all, it's the Coronado high school area and, being an Arcadia area native, I was quite familiar with the location. I'd totally go back.
4	I purchased a groupon and decided to use it for a facial.  Lanaya who is the owner was very pleasant and suggested a process called dermaplaning to assist with a sun spot that I have.  I was happy about the outcome of the facial however I have to admit, I understood that they had just move seemed to feel the need to interrupt my service which did not truly allow me to feel relaxed.  However, as I said, I did understand the hectic of getting the salon set up, I booked another appointment to see how it goes.
5	This was the best facial I have ever had. The products are all-natural and extremely gentle on your skin. My face has been completely smooth and blemish-free since my treatment (one week). I actually wanted to wait a few days longer to write the review to see how my skin would fare but I don't see any signs of this letting up - it really looks and feels fantastic. There are a LOT of options on their "menu" that are designed to help save you some money on your treatments - check the website under "membership." I am extremely pleased with the treatment I received.
4	Again, thank you Groupon for the introduction to a new place. Outside of the building was a little shabby, but inside is well put together. Front room has a fountain that only made me think about the bathroom. Awkward! Front desk staff covered both ends of the spectrum--one woman was extremely pleasant and welcoming, the other acted like me being there was a problem and wasn't at all welcoming.Treatment rooms are welcoming, comfortable, and tranquil. The fountain in the room was much more relaxing and music was at an appropriate level.Treatments themselves were great, done by (Dina Rae)! Main focus was on the scrub and massage, followed by a quick facial. Skin felt amazing and smooth the following day as well!
5	Went to Scottsdale for a getaway weekend.  My husband and I were looking for a place to get a massage without spending the enormous amount of money the hotel charged.  I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try.  Contacted the spa, left a message, and heard back almost immediately from the manager.  She was super sweet and accomodated our schedule despite it being different from their normal business hours.  We also wanted a 75 min. massage rather than the typical 60mins.  She charged us $65 per 75min massage.  The outside of the building was pretty plain but once you get inside it is a super confortable, clean, and nicely decorated atmosphere.   I had Tyler who did an amazing job on targeting the areas that needed the most attention.  Definitely ask for him.  My husband had a female, I cannot remember her name, but he stated that it was one of the best massages he has ever had.  The only thing I would change is the lighting during the massage.  Lights were on the entire time and I feel more comfortable with dim lighting. Overall great deal and the massages were superb!
5	I came here initially with a Groupon and got a massage.  I rebooked and soon after became a member.  The rooms are very relaxing and the staff is very professional and knowledgeable.  A lot of the massage therapists have specialties so you can get the type of treatment that you prefer (myotherapy, etc).  I have also received a facial from Lanaya.  I had never received a facial before but I would highly recommend them here.  She uses all natural products.  I got the dermaplaning added on to this and I highly recommend it.  My face was so unbelievably smooth!
1	Prepaid for facial deal and now phone is shut off and I assume they are closed based on another review. Very unhappy!!!!!  And they told me to buy the $35 vouchers...glad I didnt do that too!
1	This place is closed I guess as the phone number does not work.  This is the 2nd time I have had a Groupon not work because the business went under.  Never again, Groupon a@@holes!
