4	If you've been to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, you know what to expect from the food here; the menu is essentially the same. In stead of talking about the quality of the food, which is good, there are a couple of things that you need to know about this incarnation of the chain.1. While the offerings on the menu are pretty much the same, the prices at Express are less expensive. That doesn't mean you're missing out on portion size though; you get the same helping as you will at the restaurant. The Express menu doesn't offer some of the big ticket items such as steak, shrimp or the pizzas.2. Full bar and happy hour specials all day/night. $3 wells, $3 Sky, $5 Sangria and more. Their happy hour specials are generous and run throughout their working hours. The place itself is nice. Lots of outdoor seating and a good space inside. The bar is small, only 5 or 6 seats, but is well stocked. The bar tender said that lunch time gets pretty crowded with all the businesses in the neighborhood, so if you're going for lunch, plan accordingly.
4	I found out about this place via a coupon in the mail. I can't think of any other Greek restaurants in the area, so I was happy to see this one come along. All of the prices on the menu here are very reasonable. I've only gone for lunch but the meals are only around $5 each! And you get a lot of food for the money.I've been trying to eat healthier, so I ordered the marinated chicken breast with potatoes and vegetables. The meal was very flavorful and satisfying! The chicken was perfectly seasoned and grilled. The potatoes (although probably not so healthy, they seemed fairly buttery) were addictive. The vegetables were still vegetables, but had the same buttery flavor as the potatoes. My fiance is a fan of the gyro patty melt. The weight of it scares me a little. It's a whole lot of gyro meat on toast with cheese and slaw. The gyro meat here is super tender. The sandwich is almost enough for two meals. The service here is quite quick, so it's a good option for take-out. I hope this restaurant does well because we don't have anything else like it around!
4	The staff is fun. Quite talkative, but very nice.Table was a little dirty but silverware was clean!Food was pretty good. Not the best but up there.
4	MBFGE is close to my casa, so I swing by often for takeout. The staff, including the owner, is always quick and friendly. I've never seen the place busy; location is probably to blame for that. The patio looks pretty comfortable. I'm boring, so I usually get one of the Express pitas and a side of fries. You can Opa (!!) Size any pita for $2 (includes a side and a drink). You'll always get a generous serving of  tzatziki sauce (which is good, but most of it goes to waste, sadly). There's a little bar with 4 stools and a nice flat screen (which usually has ESPN on). They serve happy hour, but I haven't partaken.
4	Love it, great $5 gyro lunch special....I'll be back!!
5	I had the lamb souvlaki and boy was it good! The lamb was seasoned and cooked to perfection. My co-worker loved the gyro too. I will definitely be going back!
4	Pita of the month = great value!!!  Had the chicken pesto pita and it was very delicous and fresh.  Food was prepared quickly and the fries were bomb!  Not too much room for dining (hence, the title Express), but just enough. Will be back again, for sure.
4	Had the express falafel pita and was so happy to find out that I got a free salad/fries with it at lunch time! :)  I only paid $5.24 and had a bigggg plate of food!  I really liked the falafel so I definitely recommend this place.  The staff was also very nice!
1	All my lunch crew has said such great things about this place so I had such high hopes... I went to the counter and ordered the Lamb Souvlaki - Tender pieces lamb sirloin marinated and grilled with your choice of two sides... The sides I went with were fries and the vegetables... I mother tells me I need to eat more vegetables so I thought it was a homerun meal. I rate the experience as followed...Lamb Souvlaki - FFrench Fries - CVegetables - DI have a lot of Lamb in my life and that was by far some of the toughest I have had but it did have great flavor... The broccoli was cut way to big and over cooked the only thing that save the meal was the side of the sauce I got they put on the lamb I drowned everything in it.  I will say I will not be back anytime soon.
3	Food was good but not great! Ordered a Gyro's and fries the Gyro meat was cold and could have been reheated before dishing it up. Lots of food for 5.50 for the lunch special but I dont think I would make a special trip to return
4	Nice menu. Inexpensive prices.  A great find thanks to yelp.
