2	I haven't visited Pizza Hut in years, but today we had a hangover emergency with the SR, so popped in while shopping at Kinnaird Park. It wasn't a great experience but almost the opposite of pizza establishments (irrespective of being higher end, independent or another chain). This particular restaurant was absolutely heaving on a chilly Sunday November afternoon. Our poor waitress looked like she was on the brink of a breakdown (and looking forward to her break, I don't blame her!). We went for a massive pizza splurge, and I had the veggie/hot veggie half n half, while the SR had the BBQ Americano/Cajun Sizzler. My veggie was missing spinach entirely, and there was only a suggestion of a tomato sauce on the base. Oddly, despite there being a strong presence of the other vegetables (peppers, mushroom etc) the pizza mainly tasted of slighly undercooked pizza base. The SR commented that his was the same. It's strange really, as I usually find pizzas tend to be stinting on toppings, that here, although the toppings were generous, overall, they were disappointing, and I think it was a combination of barely cooked pizza (perhaps the ovens were overworked due to the high turnover of people?) and stingy amount of tomato sauce dressing. Service wise was not bad, given how busy it was, and we were tucked firmly in the furthest corner by the disabled toilets and the ice cream machine, our waitiress was doing her best. Cleanliness was a little suspect - after having to return two dirty cups (and questioned as to whether I was confusing tea stains for food stains... but tea stains don't leave congealed lumps... at least not the brands I use), I don't think I'll bother returning to a Pizza Hut again in the future.
5	Love this place. Never fails to rid me of the dreaded hangover. The Pizza's here are simply put as "delicious" although I've never tried anything else on the menu... That's why you go to "Pizza Hut".. Well you go because you want pizza right?. You totally have to try the Veg Hot One... With stuffed cheese crust. Too die for!. I Always order the platter as a lite-bite starter which consists of 4 breaded chicken a mound of skinned potato wedges with a garnish of parsley, 4 garlic and cheese bruschetta's, two dipping sauces of your choice. My personal favourite being Chilli, BBQ. Just because I love the sauces that much...I remove them from my plate so there not taken by the waiting staff. Use it for sauce when your pizza arrives. As for the staff they're very upbeat and very friendly. Even though they are rushed off their feet as it can sometimes get a little busy in the afternoons. As a touch they speak to you after your food just simply small talk but I guess they treat you like a human not just a contribution to a pay check at the end of the month.
