1	Not a fan. I desperately needed a manicure and being new to the area, stumbled upon this nail salon. I had heard about Nini Nails (on the west side) but didn't want to stray too far away from home just to get my nails done. BIG MISTAKE. I waited FOREVER for someone to assist me (even though it was mid-week and not busy) and to make matters worse, my nails chipped within 3 days.
5	The first time I came to 007 I walked in, sat right down and had an awesome spa pedicure at a really reasonable price! The gal who has done my spa pedicure twice now was very sweet and spent a lot of time on the foot/calf massage portion of the pedi. I was in heaven! My only gripe here has nothing to do with the staff, but the customers! Both times I've been in I've witnessed at least 3 other women treating the staff like dirt-- speaking to them rudely and criticizing them and their practices, speaking loudly on the phone during their service, etc. BE NICE. Just because English isn't someone's first language doesn't mean they don't understand. The staff is kind and accommodating and my toes look great. This is my monthly treat to myself!
5	I went here yesterday for the first time and was very pleasantly surprised! They have a huge selection of shellac colors and she did a very careful and thorough job painting my nails. The girls were very sweet and pampering, and I even got paraffin included with my mani! I'll be back very soon for a pedicure. I saw someone getting one there yesterday and it looks like they spend lots of time on the massage.
1	I went to this salon in June for the first time. I went in to get a manicure and pedicure both with shellac polish. I had called to set up an appointment beforehand for my friend and I and I asked how much it would be for the shellac on both my hands and feet. The woman I talked to said $60. That's what I usually pay for the other place I go to but wanted to try this place out cause people said they did a good job. The day of our appointment we showed up and they started our hands first...they seated us away from each other when they knew we had come in together. So that bothered me right off the bat. I had gotten a design on one nail on each hand and the girl did a great job with the design and painting my nails. Then it was time for my pedicure, once again they sat my friend and I away from each other. We barely got a chance to talk because they sat people in between us too. The woman that gave me my pedicure did a great job painting my nails but a horrible job with everything else. The main reason I get pedicures is not for them to paint my nails (I can do that myself) I'm paying for them to scrub my feet, massage and whatever else to make my feet smooth. The woman scrubbed my feet for 5 minutes and that was it.  I was very disappointed. Especially when I saw that everyone else there had a lot more done then me. When I went up to pay the woman said the total was $80!! I told her I was told $60 then the woman said that I has gotten a design... My friends total came to $60 and she had gotten shellac on her hands but regular polish on her toes....so I paid $20 more for a small design and a bad pedicure. Later in the day my feet were already dry so it was like I never got a pedicure. I left that salon very disappointed and will never go back again. Or recommend it to anyone.
