5	I received their flier at my door. Decided to pick up a sandwich before my 12 hour shift. I ordered at 10 am and it was ready before 10:30 as I told them I needed it before heading in to work. I ordered  the chicken parmesan and some garlic knots. I was really impressed with the parm sandwich. The sauce was great, the bread had a chew to it that I really liked. The chicken was breaded and suited the sandwich well. The garlic knots had a good flavor but wasn't the best that I've had. Maybe they were a little over-baked. The menu looks real extensive to include pasta, calzones, desserts, sub sandwiches and various appetizers. They even have ribs!! Other unexpected menu items are burgers, wings and fingers. They deliver with a minimum order of $10. If their Pastrami sandwich is as good as the Parm, this place will be seeing a lot of me.
5	Didn't feel like cooking and decided to try this place out. I was very impressed with the pizza sauce! Very delicious. I got a small pie with just the perfect combo of cheese and sauce!! Highly recommend! Great service as well! I will absolutely be going back and can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu!
5	My wife (Max A.)tried this place earlier this week and raved about the chicken parm sandwich. Me being curious decided to give it a try. I have to say that I agree with her 100%. The sandwich was very tasty. The meat was very juicy and the bread was delicious. I look forward to having another sandwich as well as trying other items on their menu.
5	The Mac and cheese is very tasty!  The garlic knots were fresh and delicious.  The minestrone was comfortingly good.  Next time ill try the pizza.
5	We are new to the Las Vegas area and have been trying to find an authentic pizza place. We have found it here at pellegrini. Only 28 dollars for a 24 inch pizza and 20 wings what a great deal. Will definitely order from here again.
5	good pizza, friendly service, and a nice variety of italian food with some personal flavor.
5	This place makes a really good New York style pizza. Good quality cheese and delicious chewy crust . Generous topping and the meat in the toppings was good quality.Delivery was prompt from EAT24. Would definitely order from here again!
5	Just as good as the first time. They should rename their restaurant "Crack In A Box."
5	Went there for lunch yesterday with the family we ordered the lunch specials all in all came up to about 23 bucks, which at first I was saying ouch that's a tad expensive then the food came the sandwich's we ordered where huge so the price is on point I had half of mine for dinner that night because I couldn't eat it all I shall be back with more hunger to try and eat a full sandwich because of how good they are time to try the pizza now
5	I eat there at least at least once a week and everything I have tried has been really good. I took a couple take out special pizzas to a family get-together and everyone raved about how good the pizza was. The portions on the sandwiches and salads are huge and everything is top quality. If you want a real gut-buster try the Triple D or the Boston sandwich.
5	Great, I could not ask for more. Very fresh, tasty and easy to chew crunch. Sauce they use is fresh, i mean everything we ordered was just excellent. I will get back there again by my next visit to Vegas.     Thank You guys and Good Luck.
3	Pizza is not bad for the price if you get the $7.99 pickup special. More cheesy than saucy, so how much you like the pizza probably depends on your preference. I've had better in Vegas, but it's decent. I wouldn't eat the garlic knots. I'm from New York, and I've never had "garlic knots" like this before. Don't really know how to characterize them. Maybe bread bites with some sprinkled cheese on top? And the cheese wasn't even melted. They provide marinara sauce, but honestly was just a strange menu item that I believewas $5 or $6. Overall decent food but not great. Seems more like a pickup/delivery place as there is not much seating inside.
5	Very good pizza place, the employees are very nice to you and the pizza is very good. Definitely a place worth trying.
5	No question one of the best pizzas around, if you're looking to stray from the norm of all the Americanized, mainstream, and terrible "pizza restaurants" this is your place. This place has good sized menu with many solid choices. You can't go wrong!We ordered 1.5lbs of wings, an order of garlic knots, and a sausage and pepperoni pizza last night, not one of them even remotely disappointed. In fact, in my opinion, this pizza was cooked to perfection, and the ingredients were extremely fresh.I have a friend who is an extremely picky eater, even he could not stop tossing back these knots, and for good reason. They were delicious, both cooked and seasoned very well.Delivery time was quick, and the price was very affordable. Will definitely be visiting again in the near future.
5	Have been visiting CES 2014 with my colleagues and decided to order some good food from Pellegrini. We were amazed as delivery was fast and pizzas was very good especially for Vegas. As I travelled a lot and best pizzas I had was in Florence. So I definitely advising Pellegrini to anybody who like pizza.
5	I am a truck driver and I've been in many pizza places throughout the country, but never had such a great special pizza for only 7.99 with a home made sause... Staff is very nice and helpful. The pizzeria looks very clean. Definitely will be back!
5	Surprisingly their pizza was phenomenal .I was there getting a pizza on playoffs night and they were very busy and maybe took  couple minutes longer but it was worth to wait.
4	I had a "Boss Hog" sandwich and my wife had veal Parmesan. Both were good though my wife said the sauce was a bit salty. Onion rings were OK, though a little under cooked. I'll give it another go soon.
3	Saw this place online and had some good reviews so we decided to try it out. There menu online needs to be updated. It says that they have kid meals but they do not. If your looking for the normal specials your find at pizza hut or papa johns this place doesn't have it. They do have good specials for large groups though. I ordered a small pizza for the kids 2 med and some Parmesan bread sticks. The pizza itself wasn't that bad, but there wasn't anything that stood out that would make you say wow this is some GOOD pizza.  I recommend this place if your having a group event, but on a day you just don't want to cook and your on a budget this place may not be for you!
2	first time tonight. We got the special 18" two topping, 12 wings & 2 liter for $23.99 I think was the price. The middle of the pizza was flimsy and kind of soggy. Im not sure if it was because it was so large. It was better once you got to the center and the end. Wings were tasty. I may try again one day and maybe get a smaller size pizza. Also, don't plan to eat there. There is nowhere to sit.
4	My 50 on 50 yelp review... I have been wanting to go here for a while and glad I did. I currently have two fav pizza joints to go to know between sabitino's pizza and Pellegrini Pizza there both really amazing places. I had Philly Cheese steak pizza and funnel fries ..First off let me start off buy saying get an order of funnel fries !! I haven't seen alot of places that do this and here there amazing some even have a carmel texture to them after the powder sugar sets in -- if I could cause this is where I would inset text and say there f ing amazing seriously really good. -- only thing you need with this is a nice pilsner Pizza was really good too these are not what you call light pizza's I tend to think more on the heavy side for a definition meaning crust and dough is heavy witch is good and bad the bad meaning normally you can only eat about 2-3 slices before getting stuffed however taste and flavor was really good -- normally on a philly pizza its a little overly salty or bland tasting it stood up really good. They have a huge menu amount of menu items ranging from popcorn shrimp,fried rav, lots of sandwich's, burgers and large dessert menu cannoli's.This place is worth checking out at least once and forming your view. There prices are just right and not crazy lie some I have seen.They also offer delivery and coupon threw eat 24 and I think they do grubhub.
1	Wow- we were so surprised by the quality of food. We ordered delivery for the one-topping, 12 medium buffalo wing, and 2 liters of Coke. The pizza was a thin, limp, greasy, sad specimen that easily split into a congealed latticework of "cheese" and "bread". There was no tomato sauce. The wings were cooked hard and were so plain we had to go on a buffalo sauce search. We found about a teaspoon's worth, most of it stuck on the backside of the foil. Dipping sauce came with the wings. It wasn't blue cheese. It wasn't ranch. It actually reminded me of the homemade French onion powder you mix with sour cream. The only thing I wasn't disappointed with was the Coke. We took pictures so you wouldn't think we were lying.UPDATE: On April 21, 2014 I was notified by Yelp that my photos of the pizza and wings had been removed because the photos and captions weren't "generally representative of the business." I'm hoping that means my terrible experience was one-in-a- million!
5	Breathtakingly Delicious PIZZA!!!Coming from a New Yorker family, this has been the best pie we have enjoyed in Las Vegas! The staff was very courteous and sweet! The fact that they have the $7.99 pick-up special, is just an incredible gift!
5	This was my first time calling and i placed an order for delivery for a 14 inch with 12 wings and a 2 liter soda for $20. The guy said it will be about an hour wait they they came to my door in 35 min. The pizza and wings were yum! I was very pleased with the service. They got themselves a new customer!
4	Was going to give it less than 4 the driver took wayyyy to long to get here . Got lost but food was Delish. And driver def easy in the eyes....
5	Awesome customer service! Wasn't really feeling the red sauce on my seafood linguine so I asked if I could get the Alfredo sauce instead, changed it without hesitation & even added extra sauce! ( & no I didn't ask for it to be changed after I received it, I'm no douche)  Very popular place, I kept hearing the phone go off repeatedly. I definitely recommend this spot to anyone who loves Italian food, the food is delicious & it's a good quantity for the price!
5	Got a menu on the door and decided to give this place try. We got an 18" pizza (I think it was called the pilgrim) and an order of the funnel cake fries. Pizza was delicious! The crust was perfectly cooked and I was really impressed by the meatballs that were on the pizza. The funnel cake fries were to die for! I couldn't believe the portion size for the price. I am pretty sure this just became our go to pizza joint! So delicious plus we love the online ordering!
5	Omg amazing! I was shocked how delicious this pizza was!! I ordered the mass pike a refreshingly tasty chicken sandwich,the chicken was great perfectly paired with cucumber,roasted red peppers,basil and provolone cheese. the bread was to die for! My kids got the pizza i snuck a bite and was blown away how awesome it was!!its what real pizza should taste like! so flavorful !!i d Absolutely order from here again and recommend it to anyone!!
5	Love this place! I normally just order a pizza with pepperoni and it's delicious, so much cheese. I also order the wings and they are great. My go to place for pizza.
5	The pizza is fantastic  I have never been disappointed.
5	best pizza we have had in a long time! highly recommended. opens at 10am
4	Surprisingly good. Accurate with their delivery orders, on par with their pizza pricing, and the food itself isn't bad at all. The only thing I'd have to comment negatively on is the price, it's a bit high for sides. Having 5 dollars for breaded mushrooms and most sides is a lot given the relatively small amounts. Still the flavor is there, so if you're just looking for a pizza go here. I personally recommend the Bianco pizza, or their coupon for two 16 oz pizzas, quite a money saver. I think the delivery cost shouldn't have been raised like it was, but I suppose that it is the summer months
4	They have the best 1 topping pick up special for $7.99.. And I always enjoy there pizza, my go to neighborhood pizza place
5	Loved it!! The pizza was so big we couldn't fit it in the door!!! Great guest service over the phone. To the delivery guy! Super important to follow through from the beginning to the end. I'll call again!! Great job!!!
5	Had a craving for Pizza & Wings and I'm so glad we picked this place.  We ordered delivery and our food came in within the said time (1hr).  Here is what we got-3 lbs Chicken Wings (24 pieces)-we got mixed styles,buffalo medium and BBQ,  both extra crispy and equally very tasty!! French Fries-to my surprise the fries were still very crispy and very good (esp with Ranch Dressing)14" Supreme  Pizza - Pizza was OK,  just a little too greasy for me and I didn't  like the cheese much but the toppings were fresh and tasty! 2 out of 3 ain't  bad,  I will definitely order from them again!!
5	my husband is a total pizza snob and has passed that obnoxious trait onto me. this is by far the best pizza I have ever had in vegas (and I'm from here). the eggplant and garlic pizza is to die for. I love love love this place and everyone is so sweet here.
4	Pellegrini's is located in a little shopping center strip mall that is about as non-descript as you get, but the pizza is something special. We get the pepperoni and the potato and herb and the latter is my favorite. The crust is perfectly chewy, and the cheese/sauce ratio is on point. Excellently priced! I have paid far more for far less superior pizzas. My only complaint is that the pizza is very greasy... by the time my husband and I had made the 10 minute drive home with our pizzas, there were already huge grease puddles bleeding through the sides of the boxes. It's nothing a quick paper-towel blot can't fix though :)
3	Solid pizza and wing takeout.We get ads for this place at our property fairly often but with so many pizza deliveries in the area it took a while to give this one a try- large pizza with pepperoni, olive, and artichoke was fairly priced and enormous. Two pieces is definitely the max for me, one is enough for lunch.Wings stand out more than the pizza, with a few different flavors: honey bbq and garlic parm so far are faves. Wings aren't too meaty or too scrawny but good value for the price and packed with flavor.Not a place I'll put on speed dial or anything, but a place I'll consider when a pizza craving hits. Way too many options on this side of town for pizza to have too much loyalty to any one place.
4	I was looking for a pizza delivery place w/ more of a gourmet spin. I ordered a 1/2 sausage/bacon & 1/2 tomato/basil. The cheese had such a great taste that I liked the simple basil/tomato more. They have some good specials and the garlic knots/zeppolis are cheap and come w/ tons of bite size pieces great for sharing!
3	The service here was great, which I don't usually expect from a delivery order. The man who took the order made sure I knew that the lemon garlic wings were not saucy, but seasoned, which I appreciated. The wings were not for me, so I can't comment on them.  The pizza was pretty good. Better than Little Caesars or Dominos and similar places. Not like Sammy's or Settebello, but they deliver :) I would order from them again.
3	Good specials/value, quick delivery within 30 minutes, friendly staff. Big crunchy juicy wings, but I didn't like the pizza crust that much, it was not crispy enough, kind of spongy. Good amount of cheese, but a little greasy, good sauce flavor.
4	Their French fries are the bombbbb! Made to perfection, so crispy, the fries are the bombbb! The chicken fingers are good too, a little, ok maybe a lot of vinegar in their hot sauce... The vinegar is a bit much honestly. The people that run the place is very nice as well, it seems like they're all family which is cool. Bottom line is, I like this place!
3	We ordered a Calzone and the Chicken Piccata for delivery.   Delivery was on time (75 minutes estimated, but hey, you can't cook a calzone and pasta in 5 minutes), so that was fine.   the Large Calzone was HUGE, and my husband enjoyed it.   However, the Chicken Piccata was horrible.   The menu said Spaghetti in a Lemon Sauce with Capers and Chicken.    What they failed to mention is that they also add sliced greek olives and Artichokes....both of which I like, but good gosh....all three of those things have a very strong flavor, and along with the too lemony sauce, it was simply not edible.   Even the chicken had a funky taste, although my dog seemed to enjoyed it and would have given a higher rating than I.    I ended up rinsing half the spaghetti, removing all the crap, remixed it and used the packet of parmesan that came with the Calzone to create something that sounds awful, but was much more edible than the way it arrived.  Even the garlic bread had a funny taste and was chewy.   I would love for them to respond and tell me if they actually taste the stuff they serve, because that dish needs some serious work.  First time trying the place, and I doubt we will try it again unless we only want a Calzone.
5	I went theyre with my boyfriend and family and i must say the food was delicious!!!! We ordered pizza salad and sandwiches and everything was great!! I must say we didnt have any leftovers to take home lol looking forward to a return visit.
5	First time ordering from here tonight...not bad! Prices were reasonable and it was delivered quicker than promised. We got boneless bbq wings with fries, garlic knots, and potato skins...all really good. Had the funnel fries as well. A little disappointed with those (chewy) but everything else made up for it! Will definitely be ordering from them again soon!
4	After finding one of their flyers on our door, we decided to give them a try, and we are glad we did.  Being as we have a hungry family, and we like left over pizza, we opted for the 30" pizza with pepperoni and some garlic balls.  My wife placed the order on-line which went smoothly, and we chose to pick it up since they are only a couple of blocks from our house.  This also save us $5 on the pizza and the $3 delivery charge.  The only "issue" with the on-line order was after checking out it said our order would be ready in 10-30 minutes which I felt was quite a spread, kinda like the cable company when you need an install done.  In defense of Pelligrini, it was a third party web site so it's probably not their fault.  We decided to split the time and headed down to pick up our order 15 minutes after ordering.  When we got there we got a friendly greeting from a few of the employees. The guy at the register told us our order would be ready in about 10 minutes, and he was pretty close, it took 12 minutes.  Good enough for me.  The place was clean and had one table with a couple of chairs and a bench to sit on.  It's definitely a take out place so don't go expecting to sit down and eat. While waiting more employees came in to go to work and we received a friendly hello from them as well, which I thought was nice.  Our order was brought out and the first thing to pop into my head was, "Damn, this is one huge pie"  I mean to the point we had to take it home in the trunk of the car.  Get  the pizza home, grab a couple of slices and a few of the garlic balls and sit down to eat.  The pizza was quite good.  The crust was thin, but not cracker thin, and was light not doughy like other places.  The next time we order, I'll ask them to cook a bit longer as I like a little crunch to my crust, but that's personal preference.  The sauce had a good flavor and the cheese was good quality.  The pizza had an ample amount of pepperoni, to the point every bite I took had some.   Now onto the garlic balls.  These were quite good,  but I think they could have used a bit more garlic, but that's just me.  The outside crust was nice and crisp and the inside was light and soft.  Definitely with the $4 bucks.While not the best I've ever had, overall it was very good and we will be ordering from them again.
5	The food angels at Pellegrini made my experience heavenly! First of all, I placed an order for delivery from a completely different state to be delivered to a friend in Las Vegas. If there food is anything like their customer experience, then it's amazing. I will revisit this review once my friend tells me about her experience, but shout out to Edward who was SO patient with my order and gracious in helping me surprise a friend with dinner.
3	Great pizza found this place on Google based on reviews the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star review is because when we pulled up to pick up our pizza one of the employees was outside smoking a cigarette, really nice guy, but not a good first impression and kind of disgusting. But the food was incredible so there's the 3 star review!!
5	My new fave pizza place!! Have been looking for good pizza in the nw area, this was the first time in a lonnnng time there were no left overs.
