4	What a delightful dining experience at Kitchenette.It's an unassuming  yet suave place somewhat off the beaten path that manages to do everything right! From the service to the atmosphere to the KILLER desserts....Kitchenette was perfect from start to finish. We started with vodka shots with homemade pickled jalapenos...basically akin to a punch in the face. A necessary evil. Then we had a selection of oysters...the tomatillo mignonette just tasted so...hmmm...just so FRESH! We are oyster cultists and welcomed the original presentation. You have to try the grilled oysters with bacon and garlic butter-YUM! Why aren't they serving these everywhere??!!We opted for a bunch of small plates, but will definitely be going back to try the seafood stews. The mini po'boys were exactly what you would expect. The octopus was sublime. The japanese taco original and super tasty (I am obsessed with pickled daikon, so I may be biased). The eel tostada...yes EEL tostada was surprisingly good.  I hear it's delicious, alas I am not a huge fan of ugly, creepy eels...but I'll eat kidneys, go figure.Did you know that eel blood is toxic to humans?!  I digress...Next we had lobster nachos...brilliant idea! I may have shed a small tear. Ultimate upscale comfort food.AND THEN IT APPEARED....this insane dessert...probably my favourite dessert ever.....caramel, popcorn, ice cream, sticky toffee pudding heavenly magic....trust me I am not doing it justice. It was phenomenal. All in all an awesome evening!
5	A total gem sitting at the southern edge of the gay village. There aren't enough superlatives to convey how tight this gang of chefs works to bring you downright delicious and inventive stuff, like fish basted in clementine juice and lobster nachos. To boot, the atmosphere is really breezy and relaxed - there is a minimalist industrial feel to it - completely unpretentious and filled with all ages and strata of Montrealers.The service is excellent.Overall one of my new favorites.
4	We have heard about this place for a while now so we decided to try it on a Friday for lunch.We arrived around 1:30 and the place was still almost full from the lunch hour. But the bar was empty, yay!!We waited quite a while before someone actually spoke to us (greet us). So I am kinda of bummed since I was excited to try this place.And the service stayed like that the entire lunch hour :(So that would be my cons....bad service and the chef is nice but very not talkative, we felt like we were disturbing him, which we probably were but it was not crazy busy. Anyway, I always prefer to hear from the chef himself about what to try so he kinda told us but the waitress was more loud and clear, thank God!On the positive note, the food was awesome!! The ceviche was delicious, very light and tasty. Then we tried the crab beignet (crab cakes) which were fabulous including the "ranch" homemade dressing!! MMmmm!!! After this we tried the fish taco and the lobster roll which came with a butter salad and french fries with Mayo. French fries were soft and greasy. The salad was very simple. I was most excited about the piknik table where my lobster roll was served on than anything else :)Seriously, the food was great and I would go back for this.Maybe they just had a bad day for service when I went.....or I am just toooo picky! ;)
5	Definitely worth a visit.  We trekked to this corner of the city on a recent trip based on the Unique Eats segment and other Yelp reviews.  The place has a magnetic charm.  The open kitchen and casually chic decor welcome you into the restaurant.  Soon thereafter you find there's a certain playfulness to the menu.   The Japanese tacos were outstanding, as was the wine suggested by our waitress.  I wish the taco portion was split among two shells instead of large one,  and I really wish that soft corn tortillas were used instead of the hard version (it cracks and was a little greasy).  The chile rellenos and cod were both boldly flavorful.Side note:  The chef is dedicated to serving only sustainably caught fish; a decision the demands a lot of creativity and shows a lot of thoughtfulness.  Many thanks to you!
4	This was our first to Montreal. We made reservations for dinner at Kitchenette after learning about the restaurant on the Cooking channel. It was Weds evening and the waiter confirmed that the menu had changed that day so there were many new items we had not seen from the menu online.     Because it was early we made a dinner of multiple appetizers. Starting with oysters on the half shell and Kitchenette's spectacular version of Oysters Rockefeller, Kitchenette lived up to our expectations. The Herb salad was delightfully fresh with Boston lettuce, fennel leaves (we think,) dill and a light vinaigrette that was simply perfect. In my opinion the Tortilla Soup with Organic Smoked Chicken was the best dish of the night. The aroma of smoke, the sparkle of the chili, and the intense tomato of this soup burst into syncopated harmony as all the Caribbean flavors performed a Latin musical in my mouth. In my opinion this soup should be called the Sunshine Soup-  all I could think of was how happy  each mouthful made me. The grilled Eel Tosada was excellent as was the Japanese Taco with Pulled Teriyaki Beef.   For dessert we had Bread Pudding with Jack Daniels and Caramel Sauce which was superb, if you like really sweet desserts- for us it was a bit too sweet. However, the post dinner espresso coffee was equal to the best we've had outside of Italy ...,(most restaurants don't know how to make good espresso- and believe me, if you want espresso the cutest cups and all the lemon peels and sugar cubes don't  disguise the "aqua tinta" passed off as the real thing...)   All in all Kitchenette is a restaurant not to be missed. One caveat- while on Weds the one server could keep up with the patrons, if things get busier I could see service slowing down- however they may have more servers at those times.   Still I'd say, go early, and go with an appetite to try many dishes.
1	terrible food terrible service over priced 'nuff said!
3	what a cute "expensive" little place...we didnt even take a bottle of wine and it cost us $65.00 each. We shared a tartar, was ok $12.00 and small...we each had a main meal, cod fish in miso, was ok $26.00 and very small...glass of white wine each $11.00, perfect...and shared a bread pudding $8.00, AMAZING! i had an alonge $3.75. total $112.39+tipi'll go back, but for a coffee and the bread pudding!i didnt understand why its so pricy, i mean the rent cant be all that expensive in that area and the portions are very tiny? in my opinion, either they should lower their prices or make a little more generous portion...
4	The Po' boy sliders are delicious, I would go back just to try them again.  Steak Diane was really good also.  The place has a nice atmosphere also and seemed relatively new.  Worth the trip.
5	I'm going to go ahead and say this is a world class bistro.  But emotionally prepare yourself, because you're going to pay for it.  This was our biggest fanciest meal of the season, and totally worth it.  I ate this meal literally last October, and I still totally remember it.  The wine and whiskey list is wonderful and thoughtful.  We started with an appetizer that included mushrooms and a soft boiled egg on polenta and we were already besides ourselves.  We also shared a fantastic little green salad.  Then I had a piece of fish that melted in my mouth with expertly prepared veg, and Mark had pork that he literally was getting emotional about (I know, we are the biggest food-loving nerds ever.  Don't you want to hang out with us?  Don't answer that.)After dinner we went to the bar to have another round and enjoy the cozy atmosphere.  We chatted a little with the chef and just in general felt welcome and comfy.  Love love love love loveAbout the month or so before we went for the weekend to Montreal Food & Wine did a feature on the city's food scene with the usual suspects like Joe Beef and Au Pied de Cochon, and I think Kitchenette was conspicuously missing.  It definitely stands up to some of the raddest, most interesting food I've had in LA, NYC, SF, and all over Europe (back when I had a glamorous job, before I lost my mind and went back to school.)So crack your piggy bank and make your reservation.
5	Recommended by a friend, Kitchenette proved to be a winner.  We started with an app that was being served for the first time that night, gnocchi with dungeness crab and lobster bisque.  Super delicious, if a somewhat small serving.  Except for this dish, the servings were quite generous throughout.  The other starter sampled was a ceviche of  spot prawns, great fresh flavour with lime, avocado and shredded lettuce.Mains: cioppino and lobster & grits.My order of cioppino was teeming with all manner of aquatic goodies including Texas red fish, which was unknown to me, in a flavourful broth; served with grilled sourdough and rouille.  My wife's lobster with grits was really outstanding; chunks of lobster on a bed of grits; intermingled were crispy crunchy fried shallots, red peppers and bacon, all sauced with a roasted red pepper sauce.  Unfortunately we failed to finish either dish because we wanted to leave room for the acclaimed bread pudding.  We were not disappointed with a very large serving of very rich and buttery bread set in a Caramel sauce, tweaked with Jack Daniels and toasted pecans.Laid back and charming could be used to describe the atmosphere, with professional service. A little off the beaten track, Kitchenette is directly across the street from the Radio Canada CBC building; definitely worth a detour.
3	When we think of Montreal's trendy "market-fresh" cuisine scene, we mostly think of French-inspired restaurants.  Kitchenette comes up as a breath of fresh air in comparison, with its Southern influence.  And even though we want to try every item on the menu, our experience thus far never got to that "wow" level.  You should try it at least once, especially if you're looking for a more upscale restaurant, but for now we'll stick to the more casual Icehouse.
4	This one isn't easy. I thought the food was very good. And I found the food very reasonably priced. Main dishes starting from 22$. We were a group of 6 and everyone enjoyed their food. But it's the wine list that was a bummer. It just doesn't match the prices of the food. The vast majority of wine prices were in between 60-100. So I would call it a little pricey. But the trade off is that you're not in an overcrowded restaurant. There was plenty of open space around the tables, which is really nice if you don't want some fat guys ass in your tartar as he squeezes through to his chair. Overall:Food 4.5Price 2Decor 4
3	So I went to Kitchenette because we had been told it was amazing. The food was just ok. Nothing special. I had the salmon which was served in a chowder (a really strange combo and that I didn't end up finishing - it's really not how I expected my diner to be... I thought the chowder was on the side) and my husband had the ribs. He told me his ribs tasted too vinger like and his bean were cold.Our service was pretty bad. They gave us the wrong bill, and WE only realized after we paid that this is what happened. It belonged to another table and because it was only $1 difference they didn't seem to care.We went to Kitchenette to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary.... it was a pretty disappointing experience.  We won't be going back. I always give restaurants the benefit of the doubt, but this experience just wasn't up to bar. Go elsewhere to spend your money.
4	I've eaten there on a number of occasions and always enjoyed he food and atmosphere. The menu is quite eclectic and there are some very original interpretations of traditional dishes. Wines are on the pricey side but you can find some good bottles at the lower end of the spectrum. Service has been good and the open kitchen offers a great floor show if that kind of think is interesting to you.
1	My husband and I were enjoying a weekend in montreal and were looking for something s different. We were seated early and the service was soso. I asked toEliminate an egg from an appetizer because of allergies and the waiter said no...not we can try. Service th runout the meal was like they were doing us a favor. I had the stlouis ribs they were so fatty they were in edible. Again, the waiter barely acknowledged what was going on even though he got back a practically full plate. My husband had a seafood stew which was just bland. I would not even stay for dessert.what a disappointment! We won't be coming back.
3	Nice but the menu it is stil the same  for the past 6 years...we are in Montreal Anyways, the best dish for me is the radish oyster  cannot get enough of the stuff. 12CAD$ for 4 oysters is well worth itthe rest to my taste was quite ordinary, not worth the money
4	Having moved here from Texas, I wasn't sure about the "Southern" label on Kitchenette. Turns out they didn't mean "down home, authentic Southern," they meant "upscale, chef-driven thoughtful Southern" which is a-okay. A menu that sounds straight-up heavy is twisted and turned until each piece is a lighter, more complex, tastier version of its inspiration. Lobster roll was the best my wife had ever had anywhere, the chicken-fried beet salad (no, seriously) was fantastic and surprising and while calling what I had for a side "sweet potato tater tots" was a bit of a stretch, they were as unique and wonderful as everything else. Mississippi Mud Pie for dessert was fair but uninspired, service was nice but slow and not very good at keeping track of the room even on a slow Wednesday night. Prices are a bit high but you feel like you know where the money went when you eat.
5	WOW ! Loved my meal last night.  Had the lobster salad which was beautifully infused with fresh citrus ! Amazing ! My steak frites was , perfection. My companion had filet mignon, also PERFECT.  The desserts were wonderful, both the  homemake sorbert with fresh fruit and the sundae. Service was friendly and warm. My only complaint was the actual temperature of the restaurant. A young gentleman at the next table was fanning himself (sign for the staff/owner), when he arose his shirt was literally wet.  It always amazes me on a Friday evening this place isn't packed.  Go one block to St. Catherines with so many average places are packed, and this hidden gem has only a few tables occupied.
5	Fantastic. Cute, unassuming restaurant, with stellar food. Waitress was a bit busy and overwhelmed, but the food more than made up for the sometimes slow service. Elevates Southern cooking to haute cuisine.
5	Right when I thought I couldn't have possibly been in the right neighborhood, Kitchenette pops up on the side of the highway. It's a quiet little restaurant with well-thought out yet simple dishes. What a nice experience.
