1	I am warning anyone that loves their Pet to NEVER go to this hospital for any type of service for your pet.  I took my dog there to have some simple fatty cell lumps removed and it was a disaster.  They offered us a discounted rate if we also had our dog's teeth cleaned.  Well, my dog got SEPSIS (blood poisoning) from them infecting him while they were cleaning his teeth and my dog passed away 48 hours later.  I loved my dog for 8 years and he was healthy and happy prior to them infecting him with this deadly disease.  I had a necropsy (autopsy) done to prove their negligence and offered this to them and they provided me with no apologies and tried to do everything they could to deny wrong doing.  I am now fighting with them over reimbursement for my loss since that is all I have left.  I fear that I am not the only one and the public needs to know what the doctors and their non-caring staff have done to pets in their care.  Please do not make the same mistake I made!!
1	Never take your pet here! I made the mistake of taking my dog there bcs I thought he had an ear infection, I asked how much it would cost to get him examined, tested and get the meds, they told me no more than $80. Well $200 later I found out that it wasn't an ear infection after all. The whole visit consisted of them forcing me to watch stupid videos about their monthly plan which they try to shove down your throat and on top of it all they couldn't even spell my dogs name right...
4	Took my American Bully in for an ear infection and to check on shots after moving down from WA. Started a new wellness plan and have went back for checkups and shots since. Received great service and care for my furry child plus discounts and offers for other things we could use. If recommend this vet and the wellness plans to others. It's also nice because you can get some shopping done at the same time for most things.
5	I have been with Banfield for over two years, I am a regular customer with their wellness plan for my 2 1/2 year old Boston Terrier female.  My Dog had a scare this past Thursday with vomit, whimpering and a sense of being very uncomfortable.  I called immediately after returning home from work and seeing what she had done.  The hospital was able to get her in immediately, what a relief for me.  after a couple hours of tests and X-rays, we came to a conclusion that she may have a blockage in her digestive trac.  I took her home that evening because I had to wait on results of the radiologists review.  needless to say, things got worse for her throughout the night and I called upon the opening of the hospital at 8am that morning and again, they were able to take her in right away.Dr. Rice and the wonderful and beautiful staff at this hospital had to perform exploratory surgery on my baby girl to remove the blockage and untwist one of her intestines.  24 hours after surgery, my dog is eating and drinking, resting and seems to be very comfortable in every way.Not only is my dog in wonderful recovery status, the staff and Banfield even took a great liking to Dixie (My dogs name), they responded to every concerning phone call from me and bought my dog flowers.I highly recommend Banfield for all of your pets needs, they are sweet and truly love animals and what they do.  Thank you Dr. Rice and staff.Nathan
