4	I like this nail salon.  It's not a very fancy place but the quality is very good.  Their prices seem more reasonable than most and the ladies are always friendly and pleasant.  My nails are always beautiful!
4	I have been going to this place for the longest time.  Not only is it near my house, but the polish lasts awhile.  I have been to other places where the polish washed off the next day.  These people are nice and remember my mother and I everytime.  They even remember what type of style I  like my nails to be done.  I definately like this place
4	Love this place. Not fancy but the ladies know what they are doing
5	FINALLY...I have found a nail salon I will be staying with and even looking forward to going to again! I am very picky when it comes to nail salons, as I think we ALL should be because nail fungus isn't something I want and it is difficult to get rid of AND easy for salons to keep from happening. I was referred here by another client I know who cuts my hair. Her nails aLways look great. It's close to my home in Cotswold with easy access. I took a chance when I had a free evening and called and was given an appt in an hour! The first thing I noticed was HOW CLEAN the entire salon was! I was greeted warmly by Brenda who also did my fill-in which was done at my past salon. She made NO issue about picking up where others had already worked. Her equipment came straight from under UV cleaning, which I truly am thrilled to see they have & use! She was friendly and willing to chat as she did her magic, which  I like. I love my fills! The price was current with what other area salons charge. Also a HUGE PLUS for me they have lots of colors of polishes, esp.the VERY brights, which I like for summer! Lastly, something I'll keep in mind for next visit...they are right next door to a Pizza Hut ToGo that has daily specials. OR I can go see a movie before or after at the cimemas in the same shopping center. You can sure say that I'm a happy camper...minus the tent! They do take walk-ins.
