4	Great service.  Nice selection.  If everything runs smoothly with my rentals this place will get 5 stars easy.  Ill keep everyone posted.
5	Rose Tuxedo really came through for me on my wedding day on 4/13/13!!!So back in January I went to Men's Wearhouse (boo!!) for my wedding tuxedo's for 1 big reason (or so I thought it was a big reason) that I lived in San Francisco and would be getting married in Arizona.  Additionally, my best man was in SF while the rest of my Groomsmen were in Arizona.  I thought for sure it would be best to go to a national location where we could all get measured locally and pick everything up in Phoenix.I finally got everything picked out and gave the price to my Groomsmen...who promptly freaked out ($236).  My brother decided that give Rose Tuxedo a call since he was married about 5 years prior and he said they were great from him.Lo and behold...Mark (I think he's the owner?) told my brother that he would get us such a close matching design of what I picked that we wouldn't even be able to tell.  He said "Trust me, we get these requests all the time - especially from people who come from Men's Wearhouse.  If I can't figure out what it looks like from pictures, I'll go to MW myself and get a look!" - love that dedication and confidence.  Mark got back to us with a final cost of exactly what I had picked out: $107 - holy crap, less than half!!!!Mark let us know that getting measured anywhere would be easy and should be free, and gave us a brief of the type of measurements to expect.  We sent down our measurements, and I have to admit I was a bit nervous but decided to run with - and boy am I glad I did.When we showed up to pick the Tux's up the day before the wedding, I had the same color vest as all of my groomsman, and my shirt didn't fit quite properly.  Mark, without skipping a beat, took full responsibility for the vest/tie not being separate color (even though we never even told him) and not only fixed that and a properly fitting shirt within minutes, but got me a fantastic looking vest that really popped and looked amazing.  Mark seems to really keep up with modern styles, and keeps great stock of many options/colors just for people like me!Me and my groomsman all looked great, and got compliments throughout the evening on how sharp the tux's were.  Mark did an outstanding job of matching exactly what I had picked, and most importantly put me at ease during a very nervous and stressful time.  Oh, and he's funny too!  I cannot say enough about Rose Tuxedo, and Mark specifically for their professionalism, flexibility, and dedication to their craft.  Without Mark and Rose Tuxedo, I'm not sure we would've pulled it off all, especially in such a grand fashion.Thank you so much Rose Tuxedo!!!!!
5	Rose is less than half the price of the major chains and you'll look twice as sharp.  A tiny, little shop, Rose feels family-owned.  My groomsmen, my father, father-in-law, and I all got fitted and dressed by Rose for my wedding and we looked fantastic.  On top of great suits and tuxedos, the staff is extremely professional.  No joke, I lost 25 pounds between getting measured and picking up my tux two months later.  They altered my tux on the spot.  I really wanted a three-button jacket originally, but after losing so much weight, the tailor had to move the buttons.  After doing so, I felt the jacket hid my vest, so I switched to a two-button after making him do all that work.  Did he say anything?  Not_a_word.  He just smiled and agreed that if I liked the two-button better, I should go with that.  Last-minute shoe changes for two people were thrown into the mix and not an eyelash was batted.  If you need a tux, go here.  I'll never go to a national chain again.  These people care and they deserve your business.
5	We rented Tuxedo's for my brother's wedding from Rose Tuxedo.  FANTASTIC quality, service, & price.  Our whole party was extremely happy with the result.I spoke to a friend who was married just a few months ago, who rented Tux's from another Business (not Rose).  Our Tux's (from Rose) looked better, had 2 additional days of rental (we didn't have to pick-up/return within a 24 hour period), and were about 50% less in price.I'm even purchasing a suit from Rose--their prices are fantastic!  I highly recommend Rose Tuxedo to anyone & everyone.
