5	Lauren is the absolute best. She does an amazing job with color. I have been seeing her for 6 years. When it's time to do something crazy and trendy, she can do it. And when it's time for something classic, she's great at that too. Her cuts are always beautiful, and her styling is amazing. She cuts my husbands hair, and it always looks great. The studio is adorable...just go already.
5	I have been going to Lauren for over 7 years now and have NEVER had a bad experience! Not only is she talented in cutting, but her coloring skills are beyond amazing. I've gone from brown to red to my natural to a subtle ombre and she has always delivered. Book with her and I promise you'll be happy you did!
5	Lauren is Awesome!  Her Studio is so cute.  My entire family, husband and kids have gone to her for 3 years and we all love the job she does on our hair!   Both cut and color, and she loves doing fun things if you want... she really listens to what you want and does it!   She also has more than one brand of color and knows what to use that is right for you, not just what she happens to have.  I get compliments on my color everywhere I go, that is beautiful, delicious even.... ;)  Give her a try!
5	Best of the BEST!!! I've done my own color for years and I was really hesitant to have someone else make some drastic changes for me. I went from black hair to platinum blonde and quite a few of my hair dresser friends thought I was crazy - Lauren was up for the challenge! She is AMAZING with color, my cut is always PERFECT and on top of that she always educates me on how to care for my hair for my specific needs. She always directs me to the best products and explains how to use them (something no one else has done for me) To top that off, her salon is beautiful! Amazing atmosphere and Funky style. I will refer her to every single person that compliments my hair! She's the best! You will be amazed!
5	Lauren is the BEST...I would never let anyone else color or cut my hair.
5	I have been getting my hair done with another colourist for years. Brought her many of my friends as clients. Past few times my hair never Came out right. I have a close friend who was yelling at me every time to stop going to her and go to Lauren instead . after being so embarrassed by my hair it was time. Now I'm embarrassed I didn't go to Lauren sooner. She is so great at what she does. So kind . my hair was stubborn and she was so wonderful. have already gotten complements from strangers and my friends even say I look more confident. Thank you Lauren. There is no way I can ever let any one else do my hair. 100% recommend.
