4	I'm glad there are more Taiwanese options available. Noodle Pot's beef noodle soup is still the king of them all, but this place's beef noodle soup serves up a giant serving of yet-to-be completely tender beef and tendon with their fresh noodles and excellent stew. They also embellish the dish with plenty of vegetables and they place the preserved mustard greens on the side.They also stumped me with one of their side dishes that comes with the pork chop rice. The pork chop rice had a nice batter that could have been slightly fried to a crispier perfection, but the side dish is made with cabbage, some minced daikon and possibly turmeric. I was slightly stumped by what the yellow in this side dish could be, so if you go and you know, then please tell me so I can stop thinking about it!Two other side dishes were cauliflower, so fresh and simple, yet flavorful and comforting; and cucumber with garlic, so refreshing and crunchy. The soup was a delight with some medium pieces of radish infused in the fresh broth with some cut-up fish balls and cilantro to adorn the already fresh and sweet broth. I would like to add that the pork chop rice came with the two side dishes and soup all included for only $7.99. I believe the beef noodle soup was also $7.99. You can feel the cook's love in the food. I'm a fan and will be back!
4	Forgot that I saw a sign stating that a new Taiwanese eatery was going to be opening in the same strip mall where 168 Supermarket is located at.  That was at least a few weeks ago.  Fast forward or mentally fold space time like you would fold origami cranes to Stardate -311352.18 (http://plaza.ufl.edu/joec/startrek_stardate_system_explained.htm).  So after being denied my original dinner option at LBS, because they decided to close shop a full hour early, I ended up almost going to Hong Kong Garden (located right next door) before I spotted another new restaurant to try. YippeE!And thanks to Jenny W.'s review, I decided to try their Beef Noodle Soup, which I thought was very authentic (without using bovine parts from 100% Taiwanese "yellow" cows).  Yeah, Taiwanese are still freaked out about the Mad Cow Disease and potentially radioactive cows from the Fukushima Daiichi fallout.Maybe I was really hungry by the time I stepped through the welcoming doors of Taiwan Kitchen, but I thought the beef noodle soup was FANTAstic.  The noodle was extra delicious and the side of preserved vegetables plus the tender beef (in spite of the pieces being mucho grande) were extra nom nom packed with serious yum yum deliciousness, not to mention that the beef broth was wonderfully flavored with a hint of spicy kick. You can literally cook a regular package of instant ramen and serve it in that beef broth and have people raving about it. I think it was that good.  But I could have been delirious from finding another good spots for Taiwanese Eats.They also offer boba smoothies made with real fruits.  Nelson Q is definitely going to have to check this place out.And just for Jenny W. next time I will find out what is in the cabbage side dish.Until then, eat and be merry.Service:  3.5/5Decor/Ambiance:  3/5  No frills, but that is okay.  I am not here to eat the decorations anyway.  Too much fiber gives me gas!Parking:  4/5  Always plenty of parking in this part of the parking lot.Price:  4/5  Reasonable!  Food/Taste:  4.5/5  Go back and read paragraph 3. Twice if you have to and kindly correct any grammatical errors.Composite Score:  4 stars.
5	The food is very close to homemade, lots TLC, good services, all you have to do is ask. The great beef noodle soup is my favorite. Bring back those memories from home which it is over 8500 miles away. The menu is not large which chef can focus on the details on all the cooking. The pork chop rice is like the super busy lunch/dinner corner deli I remembered back home.The location is next to 168 supermarket which is the market I go the most. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	It's been a long time since I wrote a review on Yelp, and this restaurant really inspired me to write one today. I was debating between a 4 star and a 5 star, and decided to go a little higher to give this new restaurant a boost.I had seen the sign for this new restaurant open up near the 168 market. I was curious to what kind of food it served, and how good it was, since my Ah-Chung went out of business last year. I came here for lunch on a Saturday, and it was pretty quiet. The menu is small, which is usually a good sign that they focus on quality.I ordered the chicken with ginger sauce, miso pork, and a side of salt and pepper chicken. The deep fried salt and pepper chicken came out first after a few minutes. You know they just fried it up because it was still piping hot, and the chicken is juicy and moist on the inside. I have eaten at a few places in Southern California, and I don't recall anyone making it this well. Next came the chicken with ginger sauce, which at first I thought was a pork dish because they breaded the chicken thigh and fried it. The sauce is really really nice, it's tangy and sweet and cuts through the greasiness. In fact, I am eating the left over chicken now as I write this review, and it's stil good after I microwaved it at home.The only thing that I am not a big fan of is the miso pork dish, the pork had way too much fat on it, although cooked well, but I felt like instead of 20 piece of pork, 4 or 5 pieces would probably be a good quantity for the lunch plate as the taste gets tiresome quickly.Finally, the lunch plate. For $7.99, you get a big serving of steamed rice, the meat of your choice, a daikon-radish soup, 2 vegetable side dishes (we got stirred fried string beans and steamed cauliflower), and a little bit of pickled cabbage. Not only is it an excellent deal, I absolutely enjoyed every component of the plate. I will definitely return and try out other dishes here.
5	I love this place. It's the best Taiwanese food in town. I visit about once a week. Highly recommend their fried pork chop rice, beef noodle soup and taro rib soup!!
2	Disappointing....I was so excited to see another Taiwanese restaurant opening here in Vegas but it turned out to be an disappointment.  Most of the dishes they have are authentic Taiwanese food, food that I remembering growing up with like the beef noodle soup and fried pork chop rice and minced pork rice. However, the taste is just not there. Not to judge a book by it's cover but as soon as the waitress spoke I started questioning the authenticity of the restaurant.... and to my expectation, it was not an authentic Taiwanese restaurant. Service:The waitress forgot my husband order and by the time all our party's dishes were half way eaten, his order (eel bowl) still have not come. We had to ask them about it and the waitress forgot to write his order..... WTH.  They told us it would be out right the way but we still waited 15 minute for his dish. Food:Special of the day was Tea Duck - it was OK. Nice tea flavor but duck was a bit dry.Stir Fried Chinese Vegetables - it was probably the best dish of the bunch, but then again, if you can't stir fry vegetables, then it's pretty sad.Beef Noodle Soup -  broth was way too sweet. You do get good amount of beef and noodles though, but the flavor is just OK.Fried Pork Chop Rice - the pork chop was good but all it came with on the plate was the pork chop, some pickled daikon and rice. What happen to the soy-sauce egg and some sauteed veggies that usually comes with pork chop rice??Eel Rice - A small piece of eel (4" wide) on top of a rice with pickled daikon. Not impressed for $10 dish! The eel was not even grilled to crispy.Salt & Pepper Pork - Decent but overly fried. I would not come here again.... if you want better noodle dishes go across the street to China Mama and if you want better rice dishes, go to Icy Juicy. I was bringing friends from out-of-town here and I am embarrassed to have them spent money here on their meal.
4	The chicken fried rice was absolutely delicious. The portion can easily feed 2 people. My boyfriend tried eel for the first time and he enjoyed it. The beef soup was very tender. Only complaint is that the noodles were impossible to eat due to the length. Maybe if we had scissors it would have been easier! The people were very nice and even though we didn't know what the menu choices were the man (seemed like he owned the place) did an amazing job explaining what everything was. The price was good for the size of the portions.
4	Good prices, decent food, friendly service :-) authentic Taiwanese.
2	There's not that many true Taiwanese restaurants in Vegas, which is a shame because I really do enjoy my beef rolls, pork chop rice, and beef noodle soup. My parents heard about this place through the Chinese newspaper and suggested we try the place out. Coincidentally, Taiwan Kitchen is several doors down from the other Taiwanese place I go to- Yi Mei Champion Deli. When we walked in, we were greeted by the waitress and promptly seated. Besides us, there was only one other customer eating, which I attributed to us being there right at the start of the lunch hour. We ordered the Taiwanese Beef Lo Mein, Pork Chop Rice, and Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. The first two dishes arrived fairly quickly, and then 2 other parties arrived. All the other parties' dishes started to arrive, and that's when I started to realize that they had forgotten about my noodle soup. My mother asked the waitress where our soup was and why the other tables were getting their orders even though they came way later than us, and immediately the waitress' face was like "OH CRAP" and she quickly apologized. Needless to say our soup came right after that. Other than that little mishap, service was good.Taiwanese Beef Lo Mein- tastes like any other fried noodle dish you can get at your neighborhood Chinese takeout place, skip it. Pork Chop Rice- came with a boiled egg, sliced daikons and carrots, and pickled radishes. Usually, the pork chop is suppose to be marinated and then fried to a crispy, but this pork chop was covered in some sweet sauce? My mom said it tasted like teriyaki sauce so that could've been it. My father, who is Taiwanese, and knows a lot about the cuisine, was not pleased. Spicy Beef Noodle Soup- came in a huge bowl, can easily feed 2 people. The noodles and meat were good, but the soup was not at all spicy, which was disappointing. When I eat beef noodle soup, drinking the soup is one of the best parts and if it's not spicy enough to get me sweating and panting, then the chef has not done his/her job. Overall, the service was good, prices are decent, but the food could've been better. I also noticed that they were missing a lot of the traditional Taiwanese appetizers like beef rolls, oyster pancake, pig's ear, etc. They do serve many varieties of boba drinks, but I didn't get to try. I suppose that I will have to go back to Yi Mei next time I want to get my SPICY beef noodle soup fix.
2	This place used to have less varieties on the menu but the price is much better and they also serves little side dishes for free together with the entrees. They recently just changed to a new menu and the price has increased. They have got a different chef too and the food tastes worse than before. They don't serve free side dishes no more and they also got rid of the congee. The vermicelli was stir fried while it was supposed to be in soup (authentic style). Even though the servers are friendly its definitely not worth the price.
4	If you're in the mood for Taiwanese comfort food, this is your spot. We usually order their spicy beef noodle soup, homestyle tofu, and basil eggplant. Their pork chop rice is decent as well. Service is actually a bit better compared to the typical Asian restaurant. While the ambiance is a bit shabby, the main reason to go is good food at decent prices. Oftentimes, places like this only take cash, but they accept credit cards for added convenience.
3	Man, I was disappointed considering this place had an average of 4 stars! I frequently visit Yi-Mei and Noodle Pot so maybe I have already found the gem's of Chinatown/Taiwanese food. The beef noodle soup is ok, but there was only one noodle choice. We also got the pork rice plate. Another Yelper also wrote this and we had the same problem...isn't that pork supposed to be fried on a rice plate? It wasn't a deal breaker but just a little strange. The food was just so-so and our table was dirty when we sat down. This place needs to be seen by the health dept and needs more sanitizer in their sanitizer bucket.
4	After seeing a bunch of "Instagram" posts by my friend who recently dined here (who shall be remained anonymous ;-) ) haha.  I decided it was FINALLY time for me to give this place a try!  Of course I couldn't dine here by myself, so who do I ask?  My other food friend of course!  The only thing about this foodie friend of mine is that he is pretty sheltered when it comes to Asian food, so of course I take the role of ordering everything and of course, I always pick the most delicious stuff to eat (*sarcasm*) haha.  Nah but seriously, I do luck out a lot in picking good food to eat! We ordered way to much for just the two of us but here it goes: Salt Pepper Pork ChopsThree Cups Fried Tofu Taiwanese Salt Pepper ChickenA-cai - a taiwanese vegetable disk A taiwanese dish I do not know how to say in english, but it has tofu, squid, pork, and celery.  Both of our favorites would had to have been the Three Cups Fried Tofu, which is basically deep fried soft tofu and then cooked in soy sauce with basil, chili peppers, garlic and sugar for a while until all the flavors mesh.  You know it was our favorite since we had to fight for each of the tofu pieces! haha.  The only dish that I did not enjoy was the taiwanese dish with the tofu and squid.  I guess you just can't get the original outside of the country huh?  I'll definitely be coming back here again, and next time with more of my friends...cause that way we can order twice as much.  HAR HAR HAR!
4	A review from a Taiwanese-American. It's authentically Taiwanese, but they try to cater to a variety of people with Japanese food (ramen, eel, kama) and Chinese mainland dishes. Every time I go with my parents the same waitress serves us who I dare to say is a little clumsy and easily frazzled, but really courteous and tries her best. The main chef/owner always says hi and my parents oftentimes  chit-chats with him in Taiwanese. (* + 1 for authenticity)When I go with my parents, we usually always order the same 4 dishes and a new dish for our family of five. Always dishes (personal translations):1. Eggplant with Basil - Oily, but sooo good. They make the eggplant so soft, but not mushy.2. Pig Intestine with Ginger (authentic TW) - Sweet, sour taste that real Taiwanese people absolutely love.3. Fried, thin noodles (chao3 mi1 fen3) - This is the reason why my parents love this place. Not too salty, but filled with bean-sprouts, mushrooms, little green stuff. Consistently delicious.4. 3 Cup Chicken - So yummy and oily. It's not for everyone, but if you like sauce with your steamed, white rice this is the perfect topping! (* + 1 for food)Have tried:- Kama: Not bad. A good size, cooked perfectly. Forgot the lemon and pile of minced radish (?). - Spicy Chicken Cubes: Spicy, yummy, and has large bell pepper slices. It's not bad, but probably won't get it again.- Fish Sauce Eggplant: Tasty sauce when put on rice. Usually get this when we can't decide what else to get.- A-Cai4: Veggie dish. Dad always asks for their suggestion on veggie dishes and usually we choose between this one or spinach. This is my personal favorite. Yeh yeh yeh, what about the Spicy Beef Noodle or the Crispy Fried Chicken? Well, my rationale to why they aren't so good, is that this is more of a family restaurant. The Taiwanese food that most people are looking for are found in places like Tea Station or Icy Juicy. This is a family-style restaurant where patrons order together and eat together. If that's what you're looking for and you love a home-style feel to Taiwanese food, than this is the place. (* + 1 for hometown feel)Prices. Reasonable for the quantity. About $6-$9 for each family style dish. We got 6 dishes and 6 bowls of rice for about $60. (* + 1 for pricing)I really like this place and I know my parents will continue taking us here. Delish.
4	3 Cup Chicken or San Bei Ji is a must order here.   3 Cup Chicken is braised chicken cooked in equal parts of soy sauce, sesame oil, and rice wine.  There's also some basil leaves on top to elevate the soulfulness of this dish.You'll want to eat this with lots of rice and this isn't a Canton Chinese place so they'll give you one bowl of rice, not a big ass family bowl so you'll definitely want 2nds and 3rds to mop up the 3 Cup juice.  This is Taiwanese soul food at its best.   If you're a chicken snob and don't like eating dark meat chicken off the bone then stay away, but otherwise make love to that bone and suck all the juice dry!Other than 3 Cup chicken, the pork chop with rice was pretty good.  It wasn't fried like most Taiwanese but it was still tasty.  We ordered a few other dishes and everything was good but definitely order the 3 Cup Chicken!
3	My parents were in from Boston but they both grew up in Taiwan so I chose this place over the other one in the plaza based on the overall ratings.  We ended up going to both and this one was not the "champion".  I would consider Taiwan Kitchen to be a dive based on the dirty floors and below average tables, chairs and booths.  That's not a deal breaker for me since ambiance isn't what we're here for.  We ended up splitting 4 entrees. Tofu Basil: Totally delicious and the best dish we had.  They prepared it like three cup chicken but it was even better because the tofu was nice and crispy.  The sauce was really good and went perfectly with rice.  I would come back just for this dish alone.  Spicy Beef Noodle Soup: It was decent but we all agreed that the other place was champ.  The beef wasn't as tender as it should be.  It also wasn't that spicy.  Pork chop with rice: It's hard to mess this one up and it was a solid dish that would've been a complete lunch or dinner for almost anyone not named Tony T.  Thick Pork Noodle Soup: I didn't mind this but neither my parents nor my wife cared for it that much.  They also offered "Japanese style ramen" but since when did Japanese start putting fried chicken in their ramen?  I am certainly curious.  We'll be back for the tofu basil and give some other plates a shot.
1	This restaurant is now closed. It was replaced by a Vietnamese restaurant named Pho Sing Sing.
