5	Great individualized attention. I have a little picky way of how I like my nails and Pat did everything I requested! He did a great job, thank you! When in Las Vegas I will be back to 4 your nails
1	Horrible place. Dirty.  Old beaten up chairs and nail stations. My gel French manicure had bubbles in it.  I had to point out the imperfections to the nail guy and ask him to do it over.  The white polish from my tips ran onto the nail.  I wish I can give this place 0 stars but Yelp doesn't have that option. To make it worse the place wasn't cheap.  Just looked cheap.
1	Not worth visiting! Went here with my girlfriends and we all left very disappointed. First, we called to ask about the wait time because we were on limited time and they said there was no wait. We had to wait 25 min before anyone was available. The guy had me sit at the dirty nail station and moved me 3 times before anyone actually helped me. my gel manicure doesn't shine and feels sticky which means the girl didn't do it correctly. Plus, she made 4 of my fingers burn from cutting, filing, and applying the gel incorrectly (the gel manicure is stuck to my finger). I overheard other customers complaining and the nail techs disagreeing with them.My advice, don't go here. Find a cleaner and more professional nail salon.
4	We always come here to get dolled up for Vegas time! They're always very attentive an get the job done right. plenty of chairs and stations, and reasonable prices.
5	THIS IS MY PLACE!!!! I love coming here to get my nails done. It is always a treat to visit with Pat and all the other nail techs. They are all so friendly and attentive. I can always trust they will get the job done right and have me feeling very beautiful. They just bought some new furniture for their "waiting area" which is great. The bf feels more comfortable sitting on their comfy couch while waiting for me to finish up my girly stuff. It is rare that I have to wait too long to get anything done, although they are busy quite a lot. Many of the other nail places I have tried in Vegas have never worked out for me for one reason or the other. Either the nails are done sloppily or there is unfriendly staff. This place has me coming back as a regular for the last couple of years now because of their great service! Another great thing is that they are right on Flamingo and Maryland so tourists can get here quite easily and avoid over-spending for getting simple things done!
4	Got a mani and pedi. Liked the amount of stuff they do for the cost. I didn't like that they didn't seem to have the AC on and I still had some nail polish on my skin. Overall a good place.
3	Went here today because I had an appointment in east side of town and had an hour-and-a-half to spare and needed gels done.  Started with one nice lady until one of her regulars came in and another guy took over.  He didn't say a word when he took over.  He did okay job on nails and gave the best hand massage I've ever had.  But this place is not...happy.  It felt gloomy and dead inside.  There was no conversation between anyone.  It was okay for a one time visit, but I wouldn't make it my regular place.
3	I went for a pedicure and I left satisfied.  Nails looked good, my calluses were removed from the bottom of my feet and the lower leg and foot massage was very relaxing. I went, without an appointment, on a Sunday and I only had to wait 15 min.  They're pretty fast and the hours are great!
5	i have been coming to this nail salon for several months now-i drive quite a distance to get here but its worth it-nice people always friendly and great job on my nails.
1	TERRIBLE!!! Do not waste your time.She haven't filed my nails in a normal way, didn't know how to do mani in general. I have posted some pictures there so you can see she didn't know hot to apply nail polish. ALSO, her table was dirty with a dust and nails from previous customers, so when she put cream it felt like a scrub with a dust. Just HORRIBLE HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.
