5	You're next long Holiday weekend....Instructions:- take your boat or hop on one- go to Lake Pleasant- Head to the cove- tie up next to the bajillion boats that are there- wear sunscreen- Have the friggin' time of your life!!!!Tips:- bring alcohol only in cans and plastic containers- you can't tie on to another boat unless you have a female in your boat.  ( sorry... all sausage boats not allowed)- extra alcohol and a pack of cigarettes or some nice cigars make your neighbors friendlier- don't even bother bringing your inner tube or wake board. this is all chillin' and boat hopping.....
5	Ahhh Lake Pleasant.  Soooo many memories, most good, some bad.  I have been coming to Lake Pleasant for many years, well actually my whole life, and I still make it out to the lake at least half a dozen times a summer.  It is a wonderful way to beat the heat and enjoy the outdoors.  We normally zip around for a while, do some wakeboarding and make a b-line to Humbug Cove aka "Party Cove".  Now, Party Cove isn't for everyone, it sort of reminds me of a mini Havasu - if you've been you catch my drift. If easily offended by the following, party cove may not be for you:T&APartial NudityCrazy drunk peopleBeer bongs & Jello shotsGuys asking you to flash them for beads.  Really??  Who does that??Sure some of these things bug me, but I'm drawn to the place. Don't have a boat or watercraft?  No problem.  Many places in town rent them or you can rent from the lake.  They have it all - jet skis, speedboats, or my personal fave - the pontoon boat - imagine a giant raft with a roof and seats.  There is a marina with a small shop, in case you forgot your sunscreen and a full-service bar that serves food.  They are in the process of building another marina, I am not sure if it's open yet, but I hear it's supposed to be nice.  Memorial Day weekend is the annual kickoff.  I'll be there with bells on!  Join in the fun!
5	This our favorite lake on which to take the boat out. The obvious reason being, it's the only one on the West side. However, in addition to convenience, we love it because it is so large. There is plenty of room for everyone. So it's easy to find a cove, drop anchor and just chill, without a million people all around you.In addition, the main boat ramp is nice and wide, so there's rarely a wait, and there is plenty of parking. There is another ramp available as well, but we have never used it.
4	We went camping here last weekend.  we found a great campsite where we didn't feel crowded by other campers, our site had water and electricity despite none of us thinking to bring anything to plug in.  It was a very windy day and despite some very frustrating attempts to build a fire, we still had fun. the lake was beautiful and was a great escape from the city and a chance to clear my head.  The staff patrolling around in golf carts were more than helpful and were almost immediately recommending camp sites to us.  we had plenty of room to setup multiple tents and had immediate access to the shoreline.  The only drawback was that it was really windy, which the park can't really be blamed for.  But we did have to drive almost 10 miles to Anthem to pickup firewood and beer, apparently the Marina has been bought out by peoria and is member's only, they are working on a second marina but it wasn't finished at the time of this writing.Still it was a much needed relaxing weekend and I look forward to more like this in the future, lesson's learned 1. Bring plenty of beer/food/firewood/supplies2. No matter how manly you think you are, sleeping on 1 inch pad on the hard cold ground is not fun, especially after multiple beers.  Air mattresses = good.3. Wind was not primitive man's friend.
4	Why do I like Lake Pleasant?...well it's not it's beauty which in the right light, if you squint your eyes just right, it looks charming , no its' not that. It's more that convenience factor. I love being able to leave my house at 7 am and be off the water for wakeboarding or skiing and all finished  by  12 noon.  I love being able to take the boat out and get back home with a whole lotta of easy and  very little problems.It's rarely crowded in the weekday summer mornings, great ramp on the far side and  not dirty compared to places I have been in other states.   There are many little fingers of coves this time of year before the water level has gone done and it looks terrific. We frequent Pleasant about 2 times a week and wouldn't give it up for anything!
5	What a great way to escape the normal life and act like you are somewhere else for a day. I swear you forget where you are once you find a cove and jump in the water. There are so many places to drop anchor and have a nice time. You can rent boats, eat on the lake, swim, ski, jetski, fish, scuba dive, etc. This place rocks.
4	I scuba here! It's not bad. haha
5	I was a lake-rat for many years before I sold my boat, got married, had kids, and so on.  I love going to humbug cove to tie up my boat and party all day long in the sun.  There is always about 40-80 boats in the cove with lots of beer and bathing suites....what else can you ask for.  After a while I stopped going to the lake to wake-board or water tube and would literally go straight to the cove on Saturday and Sunday around 1-3pm and stay till 5-6pm.  Then we would stop over at Top Shelf on 83ave & Deer Valley to eat and drink more.  Those were the days and going out to Scorpion Bay this weekend brought out all those memories so I thought I would write about them.
4	One thing I like about this place...are the cacti! There are just everywhere! This is a great place to go camping in and to take lots of pictures of the scenery. The random people here are all very friendly and so are the staff from the Visitor Center.  The place definitely looks different when you compare from summer and winter.
5	Very Peaceful area to camp. My family has enjoyed time here every year for the last 5 years. The water looks beautiful from the west campground. The sites have gorgeous views of the mountains, boats, and wilderness.
4	So, this is the only lake I have ventured to because (a) I don't have a boat and (b) I didn't know anyone with a boat. Alas, now I do know someone with a boat and always have soo much fun at this lake. The facilities are nicer than expected and the staff and fellow boat goers are awesome! Jet skiing, wake boarding, swimming, or just dropping anchor, tying boats up and drinking with your buddies takes place here on beautiful Lake Pleasant! Every once in awhile this place becomes like Vegas on water with pasties and dub-step music, but that can be super fun as well!
4	We went down to one of the coves for an open water swim race and I really enjoyed the lake.  Clean, not fishy smelling (I've swam in Tempe Town Lake, I know what nasty is) and while murky, it wasn't "you're going to get your face eaten by bacteria" murky.We paid a small fee to get in but had access to clean bathrooms and other amenities (store, etc).I've never actually been on a boat on this lake but from a swimming aspect, it's very nice.  The only downside is the drive down to some of the boat launches can be REALLY rocky, so be prepared.  Normally you're in some type of vehicle that can tow a boat, but even then, these rocks are sidewall slashers.
4	Need to be around water in the middle of the desert?  This is your place and during the summer it can get a little crazy on the waters with all the boat parties.  I do suggest going with friends or someone else who is active and owns a boat no doubt.  A boat with a Bimini top, sun shade is a must for long excursions in the coves.  I also recommend shades, sun block, and food.  If you must have drinks also bring water so you don't dehydrate out there.  If you tie up with other boats try and be friendly and have a good time.  Most people are out there to have a good time and party.  Mostly laid back group of people and friendly folks.  Have fun and be safe.
5	Sure we're in the desert, but guess what? That doesn't mean we don't have some beautiful lakes to keep us cool! Believe it or not, before this past weekend, I had never been to Lake Pleasant. What was I thinking!? I've clearly been on crazy pills, dealing with triple digit summers without visiting this lake to cool me down. Now that I know better, I am a new, improved and much more cooled down woman! Lake Pleasant is in the Northwest Valley, about 15 minutes west of the 1-17 and Carefree highway. Driving there, you'd never ever think a large body of water exists, but it does! Once you make the turnoff, you all of a sudden see a canyon with a huge body of water. It's a desert lake and surrounded by majestic mountains and canyons. It's beautiful to sit in the middle of the lake and simply take in the desert setting. We rented a pontoon boat from Scorpion Bay and boated around the lake the entire day. The lake itself is huge, clean and nice and cold! The water is pretty clear and I didn't see a critter once in the water all day. We did however see some interesting wildlife on the shore, including a pack of wild burros and bald eagles who nest here. We would also spot some lake fish here and there. Lake Pleasant is a perfect spot for boating, water sports such as paddle boarding and paddle boats, house boating and fishing. If you need to take a break from the lake, you can stop by Dillions and have some food while listening to live music. Some notes...where a LOT of sunscreen, especially in the summer heat. You'll find yourself spending most of the day in the water which means your sunscreen will wash off so you have to remind yourself to re-apply. Bring several floating devices to float in the lake with. If you forget, the life vests to sit on serve as a great improvise. I suggest renting a pontoon (the rental process was seamless), boating to one of the beautiful canyoned off corners, anchoring your boat and floating the day away. It's incredibly relaxing and a great way to cool down in triple digits.
5	My friend owns a speed boat, so we came out here on a Saturday. I believe price to enter was $8. It was a breeze unloading the boat and they even had a shuttle service to get you from the parking lot to the dock.The lake itself was amazing, alot of room for boating and just dropping anchor. They even hand you a map at the entrance so you don't get lost while boating around. It also tells you were "party cove" is so you can go tie up with people and hangout.  If you look around you can find spots to drop anchor and do a little cliff diving.I had a blast here and will be coming back. My advise to anyone going, wear alot of sunscreen and keep reapplying it.
4	Went here this past weekend with my boyfriend. It took us awhile to figure out where the swimming area was but once we got there it was relaxation. It's only $6 to get a basic car in to the park. Once at the swimming area, there were groups of people every 80 meters but enough space to not be bothered. The rocks hurt as you get into the water but after a couple feet it's sandy, the water was a great temperature too. Recommend: Some type of shading device, food, water and a floating object to lay on.
3	Set out to Lake Pleasant for a Columbus Day weekend camping trip, and overall we were happy with our location selection.  The campground (Desert Tortoise) was nice and family-friendly for the most part (aside from an overpopulated set of two campsites, filled with about 10-15 loud, obscene, and drunk redneck college students).  Glad we weren't next to them, it would've ruined our trip.  When we first got to our specific site, there was donkey poop all over - my wife would have no part of that, so she drove back to the guard house and they sent a ranger over shortly afterwards to shovel it up.  The bathrooms were clean as far as campground bathrooms go, and there were showers on the next loop over that we were able to use.  Fire rings with a grate were provided, as was a covered picnic table which was nice.  When we reserved our specific campsite online, we saw pictures which made it look like we were right on the water.  Apparently, the water level has gone down SIGNIFICANTLY since then, as there was not a drop anywhere near us.  Also, firewood and ice were available and reasonably priced.  Limited hiking around the lake, with trails starting by the Nature/Visitors Center.  Props to the worker in there (Richard) for giving us all the info we could ever want about the lake, the area, and local wildlife.  Went in there to buy some waters and came out knowing about the history of the area, what classes and programs are offered, where to buy a fishing license....a genuine and great guy.Dillon's Restaurant on Scorpion Bay was decent - they'd do a lot more business if they were dog-friendly though.  Overall, a good experience.  We'd go back.
4	For adults looking for a pleasant (no pun intended) experience on the lake, I recommend going on a weekday.  Weekends and holidays bring the usual unruly, disrespectful, selfish jerks who haven't got a clue about boating etiquette, not to mention SAFETY.  Humbug is the "party cove" where your kids get drunk, stupid and annoyingly loud, so keep to the other coves or Agua Fria inlet if you don't want to have to fight powerboat wakes and a-holes.  In 10-20 feet of water, and with all the stupidity going on there, you can bet there will not be any largemouth there without arms and legs.Early mornings, before sunrise, you should be seeing the fish boiling at the surface and ready to feed.  It's a short window, and most experienced fishermen/women have staked out the good spots by the time you can see across the water to the other side.Afternoons are harder unless you're down to 20-30' or more in deeper 60+ water.  I'll use that time for lunch, maybe pulling in at Dillon's, and setting up the boat for night fishing.  Water mid-lake gets pretty choppy, due to skiers, and wind...Night fishing is good, and I have had good success using cut bait (sardines) off the islands and in rocky rubble at 15-20'.  A small weight and dark colored line (firewire) and laying it on the bottom brought me more 4-5 lb stripers than the live well could hold.  Mid week is best, when kids are in school and others have to work in the morning.  This is when the lake is all yours to, explore, and enjoy in peace.  ;-)
4	We stayed here for a total of three days with partial hookups, both water and electric (50amp) were offered, but sewage would need to be dumped on our way out. The new spot was near the top of a hill overlooking the lake and surrounding area. We were also just below a cell tower which meant we had full coverage while here so Aaron could work uninterrupted. The sites are large with a covered picnic area and fire pit. We enjoyed staying here; there was a little play area for the girls and plenty of land to explore as a family. Informational: We travel in a 36' Class A RV.
4	Been going to Lake P since the old Wadell Dam days. Night & day difference between then and now. Two marinas with restaurants, who would have ever thunk it? There is room to spread out, even on the weekends. There are plenty of boat ramps with plenty of parking, so launching and parking are rarely an issue. A common problem which is not unique to Lake P, is the number of boaters who have no clue what they are doing. And, of course you will get the drunk idiots who generally congregate in Humbug Cove on the weekends in the afternoons. If you are traveling as a family, avoid Humbug on the weekends. If you can play hooky from work, weekday mornings are the best. The wind usually doesn't come up until after 11:00 and it's easy to find your own cove with flat water for skiing or wake boarding. And on weekdays there is no waiting for a table at Dillon's at Scorpion Bay which is by far the better of the two restaurants on the lake. As far as the comments about the fluctuating water levels, this is an annual progression of the water which if you go year after year makes it very predictable. It starts high in the spring and slowly is drafted down throughout the summer. They seem to do an excellent job at marking underwater hazards, and common sense does go a long ways. A word about the quagga muscles: they are an invasive water pest which have taken root in Lake P. If you frequent Lake P and you want to go to another lake you really need to THOROUGHLY clean your boat including the bilge and cooling system This cannot be stressed enough how important it is to stop the spread of these invasive creatures. They have the potential to wreck the excellent fishing that Lake P has become known for and they can do the same to other lakes. And, unfortunately, there is no known method to eradicate them.
4	The views from Yavapai point trail were awesome, even during the dry off season. This is a great park,  close to Phoenix. All Phoenicians should go check it out.
