4	Margie's just opened about two months ago. I stumbled upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a great stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got FREE WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly satisfying treat without a ding to the wallet.The place is very clean, soft comfy couches near bright windows, and Margie is just delightful. Great place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well!
2	I noticed Margie's had opened in the strip mall along Broadway and I'm a big fan of indie coffeehouses in the Valley,  so I thought I'd check it out. Unfortunately, Margie's isn't even in the same league as the other nearby coffeehouses in Tempe.Margie's doesn't really have a distinct personality. It's just a standard strip mall store, with the typical wooden coffeehouse chairs and generic art. It's uncluttered, but it feels like someone just bought some furniture at Costco or a restaurant supply store.With regards to the coffee, my opinion is "Meh". They have a no-skill-required push-button espresso machine, which immediately turns me off. If I want espresso that requires no skill to make, I can go to Starbucks. I ordered a double espresso and it met my low expectations. It really didn't have much flavor, other than a lot of bitterness.The whole feel of Margie's gives me the impression that the owners aren't really into running a coffeehouse, but seemed to think that the coffee/pastries/breakfast sandwiches business was an easy thing to get into and be successful. Overall, I think that they're competing directly with Starbucks, but giving customers no reason to go out of their way to come here. Margie's is trying to do what Starbucks does, but not doing it anywhere near as well, and they're certainly not coming close to offering the same quality and experience as the excellent indie coffeehouses around Tempe.The hours are 5:30am to 2:30pm, which are clearly targeting the morning commuters and lunchtime crowd. While the prices may be a little lower than Starbucks, I'm not really sure Margie's is worth going out of the way for, especially with several Starbucks in the area. For myself, I'll stick with the far superior coffeehouses nearby.
4	My wife and I had breakfast at Margie's yesterday before catching a flight back to Boston.  The coffee was good, the bagel-and-egg sandwich was good, the place was clean, Margie was a friendly soul, and her husband, who was there helping her in the early morning before going on to his job, was interesting to talk to.  We talked to Margie and her husband about their family (5 kids and 4 grandchildren; or is it the other way around?) and their origins.  It was a perfect example of the value of going to an owner-operated coffee-shop, as opposed to a chain--a chance to have a decent breakfast while connecting to people who are interesting and want to talk to you.  I would happily go back there the next time I have a chance.  Good luck, Margie!
4	Found this shop looking for a place to kill some time before a meeting and Margie's was perfect! I thought that the coffee was great and I enjoyed the bar and tables. Didn't have the trendy feel of other shops in Tempe, but very warm and cozy feeling. But the best part by far of this shop is Margie herself- very friendly and welcoming. I rarely strike up a conversation with people I meet at coffee shops, but you can't help but do that with Margie. Much better experience than going to a Starbucks or whatnot. I will for sure go back if I am ever in the neighborhood!
4	I drive to work down Broadway road every morning. I would see Margie's Coffee warmly lit from the inside and I'd always want to stop but never did. This Wednesday I was running early and I figured I'd try it out. I've gone back every day this week so far! I hate coffee chains. The lines and the cheesy corporate customer service at Starbucks coffee does more to irritate in the morning than get me ready for the day. I'd rather have no coffee than go there. The other coffee shops near me are awesome but they keep banker's hours and provide slugish, hipster service. If I want to hang and do homework while listening to Joanna Newsome I'll go to Coffee Cartel on Ash and University. Margie's is a working person's coffee shop. She's open at 5am sharp. Her coffee is delicous. The scones she sells are the best I've ever had.I highly recommend getting up 10 minutes early so you can drop in before work!
