5	"Moe and Freeman's 1 st stay at boarding. This is a regular boarding facility, so if your pet has to have a doggie spa or some useless pampering then this is not for you. However if your looking for clean play yards and clean pens with caring sitters then Hope's camp is for your pet. We will be back. The price was a bargain and the care great.
5	Michele and Brett are both caring, responsible, knowledgeable and fun! They remembered our dogs and their quirks after our first boarding there, and now we won't use anyone else. From the way our Shih Tzu and Bichon played with the two owners, we could tell our dogs had had a great time and knew they were in the hands of people who liked them! Before our first reservations, we dropped into the kennel without advance notice and the place was very clean and dogs were romping in the open area on schedule.  Another customer was there apparently in the middle of a family crisis that required indefinite boarding of some pets. Michele was a reasonable voice reassuring the family that they at least wouldn't have to worry about their pets. We are so glad to have discovered Hope's!
5	Rest assured... If Brett & Michelle could handle my dog, they can take great care of any dog. Rocky is my dysfunctional red-nose Pitbull with severe separation anxiety issues as a result of some major changes in my life. Rocky destroyed his standard issue dog crate at home during his final and successful escape attempt. While working out his problems I need a secure way to contain him at home. So I ordered an Empire Crate online. The only problem: Rocky needed a safe, secure place to stay until his new cage would arrive.Hope's Boarding Camp was highly recommended by someone that works with rescue dogs. He stayed for 2 nights and probably drove them nuts with his hyper active anxiety. And, they said he is welcome back anytime. These people love animals! You can't fake that. If you need to board your dog, but you're not sure whom you can trust. Look no further. I highly recommend them..!!
5	Being new to the area, I took a chance on a place to leave my two much-loved dogs. To be sure, I left them at Hope's for two nights. When I picked them up they were happy and excited....obviously well cared for. So, I left them for Christmas break,when I returned I was greeted by two very, healthy, happy dogs. I would definitely recommend Hope's.
