4	Queens is a good, small, school. It's located in the heart of Myers Park on a beautiful campus. They have both old dorms and new dorms depending on the type of residence you want. It is 10 minutes from downtown and 10 minutes from Southpark so you never run out of things to do on the weekends.Queens has many great degrees and has hired wonderful staff. Because of the small size of the school the staff knows you personally (even years after you've graduated). One of the greatest things about Queens is the John Belk International Program. You get to go spend a month touring and studying in another country for free! Free might not be accurate, tuition is crazy expensive. But you don't pay extra for the trip.
4	Growing up in Jersey, I quickly learned the hardships of life. I feel that the experience made me tougher, hungrier, and all the more ready for Carolina (read: Heaven on Earth). A longstanding fan of public institutions for education, I often neglect the charm and individuality of private colleges. Teaching for the Princeton Review brought me to Queens University, particularly to an auditorium at their business school. I must say, this place is absolutely beautiful. Tucked away in the Myers Park area of Charlotte, it serves the community there well. I will never have the money for / can never justify paying private school tuition, but it was nonetheless a cool experience. Cheers for Queens!
5	I attended queens professional MBA program and absolutely loved it. I took 2 years off before going back to grad school which helped me see how everything I was learning applied to my job and the career path I was on.Since graduation I have stayed involved with Queens. They have a ton of speakers and learning opportunities that are amazing.  If you are considering going here, I recommend attending one of these.  I'm also sure they would let you sit in on a class so you can see first hand what a class is like.
1	My daughter will be leaving Queens after this spring.  I feel like we were duped.  The school is a publicity machine with nothing behind it.  The students have no sense of community, and the neighbors hate them.  My daughter has had terrible things said and shouted at her by the supposedly "charming" upscale people with their "beautiful" homes.  The neighbors hate the school and take it out on students.The school does not care about students once they have enrolled.  They nickel and dime them for every little thing.  There is no social life on the campus or near the campus.  My daughter says that the morale of the teachers is awful.   Two have talked about what they make and how it is insufficient.My daughter has older friends who did well on their SATs and had good grades and cant get into graduate school.  There is no network to help with jobs, except maybe nursing.Dont send your child to Queens.
5	I received my BA some time ago and was poised and ready to go to grad school to pursue a career in academia, either Literature or Creative Writing, but then life happened and fast forward seven years and I had a ton of work experience and traveled abroad but was still missing something in professional life.  So I started hunting for jobs and kept running into the same problem--all of them required an MBA.Nowadays, an MBA is what a BA was 10-20 years ago.  It's kind of the standard now.  To even be considered, you have to have this degree, so then I set out about finding a place that wouldn't only give me classes but give me the intangibles that set exceptional people apart from the rest.So I looked at Wake Forest, and I looked at UNCC, and I looked at Chapel Hill and found the same trend--they showed me all the bells and whistles of their program (the updated technology, the facts and figures about success rates, the name dropping you could do), but none of those programs really had substance.  I'd take some classes, learn enough to get good grades, and I'm done.When I visited Queens, not only did Dean Shiffler present the school in a positive light (which is expected), one of the current students did.  Unsolicited.  I was walking around the grounds, struck up a conversation, they were in the program I was interested in, and he gave me the run-down.  It was an honest assessment, and that meant more to me than anything else.I'm in my second year now in the PMBA program, and I'll tell you this--I will never regret this decision.  I still have a ways to go, but I've learned more than just finance and stocks and bonds and amortization and cost/benefit analyses and all the other information you'll learn in an MBA program.  I've learned about myself.  I've discovered that my vision for my professional path was almost non-existent and I was at a point in my life where I was going nowhere fast.  They truly invest in you here.  It's a small school, which is just what you need.  It's competitive, but rewarding.  Students really build a community here.  You're not just a number--professors remember you by name (or at least face), they're accessible, they listen, and most importantly, they approach their jobs as a person first, and a "Dr" second.  I'd be willing to speak to anyone about the PMBA program at Queens; I have learned some invaluable lessons already as a result.  Aside from the beautiful campus, you get a sense of belonging here--Southern charm at it's best.  I'm really proud to be a (graduate) Royal, and you should definitely consider Queens.
