5	The Bodega is a sandwich shop / gourmet specialty store ... and they have a classy selection of beer (and maybe wine, too?).  It's what I had HOPED the Salvador Deli would be. This Bodega JUST opened.   It's strangely located, finding itself in the middle of a residential neighborhood.They are clearly just starting to build up their inventory, but you can already tell they have great taste in gourmet foods.  The owners are very friendly, and they seem to be well on their way to building a cute little shop.I got a sandwich there... I *think* it was called "Italian Stallion".  It was Fantastic.
5	Just got the tuna melt for lunch... Its amazeeeeee!
4	Delicious sandwich heaven. I'm still trying to wrap my head around the actual store - which was still fairly empty. They have beer and wine (chilled and room temp), a small pre-made food selection (heat&eat lasagna, pimento cheese), drinks, a small deli, and two racks offering toilet paper and chips alongside pancake mix, olive oils, and higher end canned items. I'm guessing they'll be filling in the gaps in the future? But, back to the deli. I ordered the ham & cheese, and my sister ordered the caprese (very similar except mine has the addition of prosciutto). Everything was sliced right in front of us, and then thrown on a panini press. As we were waiting we noticed the crunch berries bar, and knew we had to try it out. (Apparently they're experimenting with lots of breakfast cereals, and I'd stop in just to see what they were working on next.) There were only a few chairs and one table, which were occupied, so we hit the road with our sandwiches. When we did dig in, holy crap, salty explosion of tastiness (that went oh so well with a beer). prosciutto, pesto, mozzarella, tomato... definitely my kind of ham and cheese! Even the salads (which can be made into wraps if you wish) sounded really good.I will definitely be back to try the other sandwiches (the special at the time was deviled egg salad with ham on wheat - kinda hoping that'll still be available). Great for picking one up on the go, especially if you're hitting up a brewery or the park. And they also had party platters you could order.
5	So you want a delicious sammich, eh? And you would like to not have to fight for parking? But you are out in NoDa.Allow me to recommend The Bodega. So tasty. So convenient. So grilled cheese & Italian meats-y.I have had the delight of trying both a grilled cheese special with a Mediterranean twist and the Son of a Stallion. Both were amazing. The bread is crisp but not dry and all of the deli meats were super fresh. Add to that the fact that the owners are down to earth and the fact that they stock some pretty killer chips, drinks and beers, and you have the recipe for win. Oh and did i mention it's in NoDa but it has parking?!I did?Good.
5	I love to see a couple of folks take the initiative and turn something that was a dilapidated eye sore into the next neighborhood staple.  what used to be the best place to buy a possibly used comb, some nylons, and a five year old can of spam has become my favorite place to grab a sandwich.i am starting to work my way through the regular menu and can testify that they caprese and "ham and cheese" are insanely delicious.  i say "ham and cheese" because it is actually proscuitto and fresh mozzarella.if you "like" the noda bodega on the faceyspace, you get a pic of their daily special popping up in your feed to make you hungry (get it, feed, hungry?).their beer selection is small, but nice with plenty of craft and microbrews in there (even a gluten free option or two).  their wine selection is inexpensive and tasty.  they also stock fun non-alcoholic beverage accompanyment.and as the summer starts to heat up, i am sure they will have trouble keeping their ice cream freezer full.  ben, jerry, bryer, snicker, all sorts of frozen treats.i will definitely be dropping by on a regular basis...
5	I've stopped into the Bodega many times for beer/wine but today was the first time that I actually ordered a sandwich.  Ordered the Caprese and wow!  Out of this world good.  If you're in the NoDa area, definitely check them out.  And if you're not, it's worth the drive.  Looking forward to trying their other menu items.  The staff is delightful as well, very helpful and friendly.
5	Can't get enough of The Bodega. We work right around the corner so it's convenient and SO delicious. The tuna melt with Pimento is off da chain and today I had the Gmans Gwich for the first time and it may just be the best sandwich i've ever had. My favorite deli in Charlotte, for sure!
5	Great sandwiches and more importantly some very important urban necessities within NoDa.  The wine selection is great, the beer selection is small but varied.  I would recommend they use some of the empty space in the store and fill'er up with more beer and wine choices; other than that I have zero complaints.
4	Sure. The Bodega may not be on the main strip alongside the rest of the NoDa greats, but this neighborhood gem packs a walloping punch for those craving local biz feel, love, product, and aesthetic. The simple and understated.....perhaps reonvated "house," takes shape as a cafe/deli/oddly laid out diamond in the rough. Thrilled to check it out after catching wind of the sandwich special of the day. We walked up and ordered the caprese sandwich and the Mr. G...or Super G...something like that. Only drawback from this visit was attention from the staff. Not a huge deal, but it was a little difficult to get a word out of them, or even get them to pay attention to the fact we were trying to order. The caprese was perfect. Loved the bread it was on and the mozz, basil, and balsamic were top notch. Nice touch with the tomato spread, too. The sandwich I ordered was just ridiculous. London broil, jalapeno bacon, balsamic reduction and a few other nice accoutrement to enhance texture. Needless to say, it was a mammoth sandwich. Check out my photo. Only downside was when it was all gone, haha. I'm very much looking forward to heading back to The Bodega. Great sandwiches and selection of other items, too. Cheers!
4	What if I told you there's a place in NoDa with delicious eats, craft beers, gourmet items and you don't have to park a mile away to go there?Oh yes, it exists. The Bodega is tucked away a few blocks from the main drag. A small, renovated little house with big flavors inside.The deli has a special each day on top of its normal menu. I'm a huge fan of the Greek salad. It comes complete with crostinis topped with a smoky chipotle hummus. The ham and cheese is killer too. It's made with prosciutto and fresh mozzarella. The Bodega has a little bit of everything: cupcakes, craft beers, wine, gourmet/grocery items, smokes. The homemade pimento cheese is fantastic.If you ever stop in and see the special of the day is the G-Wich, GET IT. It's named in honor of my roomie and absolutely amazing. It features London broil, pepperjack and jalapeno bacon. Bacon makes everything better. Jalapeno bacon makes everything perfect.
4	By far the best Reuben in America!! It has no corn beef and no 1000 no sour kraut and it's AMAZING!!! I've always dislike the traditional Reuben bc I'm not a fan of any if the things on it but this turkey, (mustard based slaw) and Swiss cheese remake is to die for!!!
5	Been here about a dozen times and have only had one regular menu item because the specials each day are phenomenal.
5	They make some amazing food and if there is something that you are looking to get they can get it for you.  Nice local shop that is owned and operated by locals.  Doesn't get much better than that.
4	Can we get one of these in my neighborhood? Whether you want a freshly-made sandwich, bottle of Bordeaux, jar of gourmet pickled veggies, or a  delicate cupcake you my friend have come to the right place! They are still in the midst of working with the city to serve alcohol (it's a parking-lot issue so they need to be rezoned as a walking destination). Once they do I can see this place being a one-stop shop for all my late-lunch needs!
5	Mmmmm, The Bodega.What a great Yelp find!And how I wish this place had been around before I moved away a few years ago!Great, friendly staff that is dedicated to serving up high quality sandwiches in a relaxing, but very simple atmosphere.  We plopped down on a couch and ate off the coffee table.   I had the Italian Stallion and my guest had  the ham and cheese.  Outstanding flavors in both.The Bodega will be a definite stop next time I'm back in town.
3	This place is pretty secluded. If you don't know the neighborhood you'd probably never find it. Luckily I was on a food tour. Its a small convenient store with beer, wine, and other random goodies like yellow stone ground grits (yes I bought some). It has a deli counter and you can create your own sandwich. The owners are pretty cool people too! Look it up and stop in!
5	Living in NoDa since 2005, I've always said the one place our hood sorely lacked was a great deli. I no longer say that and must find something else to bitch about.You should try ANYTHING ON THE MENU.
5	I eat here almost every day and its always delicious!  My favorites are the caprese, tuna melt, Italian stallion, and the Reuben!!!  The food is always fresh and the service is always friendly!  They even recently started doing soups!!!!
4	Sandwiches are GREAT with exceptional ingredients. I am pretty much a beef eater, so that's the only reason why I kept it to four stars- they tend to be chicken and turkey heavy. If they had the G-man G-wich everyday, I would give them 6 stars. It's a special not to be missed!
5	Literally everything I've had here is perfect. They have two changing daily specials, which I always try to jump on. The reuben is everything you'd want from a reuben, even though it's nontraditional, you'll never want your basic reuben again. Plus they have a bunch of stuff you can take home and munch on, like their homemade killer pimento cheese.
5	Tremendous customer service; the staff is very friendly! The sandwiches are of top quality and I would say it is a no-brainer to assess The Bodega as one of the best sandwich shops in Charlotte; #1 in my books.
5	Yummy! I got the Ruben and it is delicious! Turkey instead of corned beef and awesome kraut! Customer service is great. This is an awesome sandwich place in NoDa! Disappointed that I haven't tried these guys sooner. Can't wait to go back!
5	Great lunch spot! The menu is mostly sandwiches, salads, wine, & craft beer. The employees are really friendly and helpful.
5	Great sandwiches, great brews and even better service. Can't go bad with boars head meat.
5	BEST SANDWICHES ON THE EASTERN SEABOARD.  PERIOD.I love to either call in a sandwich to go... or just eat it there on the comfy couch.  This place is literally as good as it gets.  They are soooo creative with all of their combinations, so do yourself a favor and try them out.  I promise you will be impressed :)
5	What a great and CHARMING place. I have been here on several occasions and every time the service and food were great! A MUST GO in Charlotte.
5	I send people here every time someone asks where to go for lunch. I want bodega right now.
4	I love this neighborhood spot! Great place for a lunch for one or to pick up a bite to go. Fresh ingredients, friendly service, dope music and a killer wine/beer selection. Rad music selection and comfy seating for a small amount of people makes it hard to leave. Eat the Charlie Tuna Melt - it's a fave!
5	There are no veg option listed but they will accommodate. I order a hoagie with hummus, spinach, peppers, olives etc and a bowl of soup. Rad
4	Local, small grocery store with a deli counter.  Due to local laws consumption of alcohol on the premises is prohibited (zoned residential).  That's too bad 'cause they're similar to Common Market which rocks it out.  I would rank then as good with lots of headroom to become great.  Plan on 10 minutes for them to make your sandwich, even when not busy.  A great concept in a growing area.  If I lived nearby it would be a place I'd hang out.  Reasonable prices and credit cards accepted.
5	One of the best sandwiches in town in my opinion. Which is saying a lot because I'm usually very critical of sandwiches given how much I love them. The only thing about The Bodega that I find to be a hassle is how slow they are at making sandwiches. Granted I've only been here twice (and will certainly be back) but each time it has been super-slow. I'm not usually one to complain about this but for some reason I can never understand what is actually happening behind the counter that is slowing things down so much. Note however that I still gave this place five stars! The sandwiches are one of those things you say are "worth the wait" believe it or not!Both experiences I've had so far have resulted in awesomely delicious sandwiches that I'm not sure I'd be able to nail if I attempted to make them at home. That's one of the things great about The Bodega. The sandwiches I've had here are the kind I wouldn't make at home and for that, it is certainly worth the trip. The ingredients are super-fresh and each sandwich I've had were super-flavorful with great sauces and combination of ingredients.If you're looking for one of the better sandwiches in town and aren't in a rush to get in and out, I highly recommend.
5	I need you to stop reading this Yelp page and just go get a sandwich and/or a salad from Bodega NOW. I'm typing this review at 10:30 PM on a Thursday and am salivating at the thought of their food. Just... do it. Seriously. Bodega. Do it.
