5	Manager Russ is always great to deal with. Never dealt with a service place as friendly and honest as the folks here. I should know, few years and many vehicles later.
5	Steve and Russ are AWESOME. I took my 2003 Lexus to the dealership and they told me I needed all new rotors because they were too warped to  be fixed and new brakes for around 700.00. I then took it to Steve at Midas and really all that was needed were new front brakes and the rotors trimmed and turned  or whatever they do to them and I was set to go for less than  quarter of the price. My car drives smooth as butter with no shaking. It's good to know that as a woman I can go to Steve and KNOW I will not get ripped off. THANK YOU GUYS!! you're the best!!!
5	Thank you Midas at 19th Ave and Indian School!!! I went in completely prepared to buy new rear brakes today. Russ called me and told me they were fine and I had at least 20k miles left on them. Honesty goes a LONG way and I will ALWAYS recommend this location to my friends and family!!
2	I had a coupon for $17.99 so decided it was worth a try!  I was told there was 1 car in front of me.  I said that i was on lunch for an hour and he said no problem   So I sat and waited.  And waited.  40 min later they still hadnt taken my car in.  The man behind the desk was on the phone for the last 20 min do I couldn't ask.  Finally someone else walks behind the desk and he hangs up the phone.  And then e gets up and gives my keys to a serviceman. So I ha r been sitting here for 40 min and you didnt even give my keys in?  It's now been over an hour and my car is still up on the lift. I can see them actually working on it now.  Took a little over an hour.  I paid by money and walked outside to get the car.  I had to ask if everything was ok with the car - usually they come and tell you that you need x & y done to you car.  The guy mumbled its fine and walked away. Wouldn't recommend this place if you want a quick oil change!
1	Went in to get my radiator checked because it was leaking. Estimate came back at $911. $285 for labor, which would have been acceptable if they were charging a fair price for parts. For new radiator and fan, seal and hoses. I called my brother a mechanic and he said I was being gouged! Radiator $100, Fan assembly $110, tSeal, upper and lower hoses. Midas is charging double what this job should have cost! This should be a 2 hour job and they charge for 4 +. They over charged me for an oil change and I went on my way to get the work done elsewhere. I used to get my oil changed here religiously as its close to home. I won't be back! They charged me for the estimate, but were ashamed to leave their price tag on it!
5	Its no longer a Midas shop. I think its called 19th ave auto center or something. But same great folks working there. I have gotten my Chrysler 300 oils changed there many a times and some other minor work. They are nice and friendly and give a great service. They don't pull your car in and give you a dooms day talk and try to upsell you. Russ behind the counter is just a cool cat. Most oil changes I have gotten have been about 30 mins. A Plus!
5	I have been here multiple times, this place is actually now called 19th avenue garage, but they are very helpful, great mechanics but there best feautre is there honesty. Its hard to find a mechanic with morals these days. Russ is very helpful and friendly inparticular. Won't go anywhere else.
