4	Nothing beats a tasty cigar while on vacation. The friendly staff on hand at this Davidoff vacation was able to help us decide which cigar to enjoy, then cut and packaged them for us to carry on down the strip. The price is a little spendy, but for a splurge and for being in the Venetian it really didn't seem all that out of place by any means.
5	When I first started smoking cigars, I was hooked on Davidoff. I soon realized that $16 per cigar was just not gonna cut it, so I found another brand that I absolutely love. I came across this tiny little gem while walking to our Gondola ride and jsut had to stop in. Glad I did b/c they have an amazing selection of cigars, the customer service was just flat out awesome and the prices (despite what most people were writing on Yelp) were very reasonable. Again, I get my cigars at (they are gonna owe me a case for all the plugs I've given) famous-smoke.com and this store matched those prices within a dollar here or dollar there. They also have a small kiosk inside the casino at the Palazzo that is open really late. Again, the customer service was second to none. The gentlemen cut my cigar for me, handed me a pack of matches, pulled one out and lit the cigar for me. He could have just handed me the book of matches but he did me a solid and it's the little things that mean the most, ya know?? Awesome service, great prices and a wide selection of premium cigars make this a must for all levels of cigar smokers.
1	This yelp is based on the service, I received at store in the plaza.I cannot believe that they would have such inhospitable people working behind the counter. Can I say rude, rude ,rude, rude & rude. I came down to the strip for the Pacquiao fight not to be insulted by some pmsing, disrespecting, ass talking counter girl who thinks she's the queen of the nile!This simple trip turned most unpleasant as the girl over the counter, made the most matter of fact remarks regarding the cigarette of my choice (davidoff lights) and when I dropped the pack (and 1000s of them prior) she makes her final distasteful remark, thus resulting in this yelp.What a complete turnoff!
4	Without a doubt one of my first stops when I get to Las Vegas. If your a fan of a good cigar you will find what you are looking for. The staff here really know their cigars so I usually buy a couple of their recommendations as well as my long time favourites.
4	This is 1 of 3 Davidoff locations inside of the Palazzo and Venetian. This is the biggest of the 3 locations, but unlike the other 2 Davidoff locations, you can't charge to your room. There's a big humidor and the place is usually staffed with 2 employees. Even though they're not super knowledgeable about cigars, they still make great recommendations. They try to push customers to purchase Davidoff cigars, which are pricey, so speak up if you don't like the brand and you want something else.FYI, if you show your receipt within 24 hours to any of the 3 locations, you get 10% off your purchase.
3	Great selection of cigars but so overpriced! $54 for the Padron #26?
3	This Davidoff is in the Grand Canal shoppes, by St. Marks Square. It's the bigger of the locations on the property. Humidor is small, and a attractive layout. Of course, cigars cost a premium as look at where you are in, but I feel that the care for the price wasn't as great as it could be. I'm sure there are a lot of grubby hand lookie loos who eff up some of the sticks, but it should be checked on and taken care of that not a stick out  of place. Most items were priced on their cello/band, but some had no prices at all which is kinda annoying. It's cool to get some of the rarer Davidoff stuff, but I'm not a tourist, I live here so generally the cost is a bit prohibitive of what I buy and the frequency. Other than Davidoff, they carry a few other brands of cigars as well.They also sell lots of tobacco accessories like beautiful cutters and lighters, amazing carved pipes, etc They also sell tobacco shop basics as I'm sure they get asked all the time. Cigarettes, blunt/cigarillos, pipe tobacco and even vape juice is behind the counter. No place to light up and enjoy your cigar here, this is only a retail store and not a hangout/ "herf" area. It's a great stop for a tourist in need of a stogie, but from a local point of view, it's good only for the limited run Davidoff stuff.
1	Under-humidified, outrageously overpriced; dried out cigars, and a ditzy blond helper trying to push 12 dollar Padrons on me for about 45 bucks.  I can handle an exorbitant price for a stogy every once in a while, and I can handle weirdo store help in almost any fashion, but to try to enjoy a cigar or two that is as dry as the Nevada desert, that will subjugate this place to single star category.By the way, when a customer inquires how you measure (and regulate!) your humidity levels when your humidistat (humidity gauge) wasn't working, please come up with a better answer than "I have no idea".  You work there so you should have a reasonably good idea when you're selling 5 dollar Romeo & Juliets for 17 dollars.  Horrible little shop on first visit, I can not recommend.
