3	The family and I went to this today after seeing the advertisements.  My fiance was really excited to go, so I agreed hoping this would be a nice break from the norm and a great way to spend an early Saturday Evening.We arrived right at 4pm, bought our tickets (2 adults, 2 kids - no kids discount $52.60) and entered the festival.  We were immediately grabbed by a hard sell timeshare company and it took more effort than I planned on spending to break away.The festival was relatively empty, granted it was early in the day, and there were a few open booths.  One major disappointment is we found no Japanese food, which I was hoping for.  Vietnamese, Filipino, and Thai were all well represented, as well as a couple Hawaiian fusions, but that is about it.The food trucks were definitely a highlight.  We both chose Truck Norris and it kicked ass (see separate review).  As the day progressed, the crowd only mildly picked up but the entertainment slightly elevated.  All told, we left at about 7:30pm after a roughly $220 expenditure.I believe the event is priced on the high side, but was enjoyable.  This is the second annual, hopefully they will gain momentum in years to come.  We will definitely give them a shot next year as well.Note:  Bring Cash!  ATM fee is $4.50 and no one takes credit!
4	Did someone say Food Festival? Asian cuisine? Las Vegas Asian Food Festival here I come!Access and parking at Silverton Casino was easy and we had no problem. Entrance thru casino. Valet was helpful and gave precise directions;  follow signs, pass aquarium, pass gift shop and hang a right,entry pool area where you are greeted by event staff who will direct you where to go.  I picked up tix at will call thru VIP entrance since I won tix through a drawing via Yelp (Thank you Thank you!!) Arrived late afternoon, sun wasn't beating down, so the festival was shaded for the most part. I was expecting it to be crowded and have long lines but I'm guessing it was their down time and it wasn't that busy nor did I have to wait in hour long lines thankfully. Scoped and did walk thru to figure out what to eat, the layout was nicely organized  and made it easy to figure where everything was: Food trucks towards carnival side- L.A.  and our local Vegas ones represented the gourmet food trucks Food vendors towards freeway side - Filipino,Hawaiian,Thai,Chinese,Korean, Vietnamese, and Indian cuisines represented. ...oh and Italian Ice and Shave Ice (well more like snow cone textured ice to me, see pix). Honestly I'm really not a fan of food served up from warming trays that look like they have been sitting out. Not sure how long it's been sitting out so I'm more likely to skip out cause that's what they had. Mid section had retail vendors, a caged fighting area, and the dj blasting music.Carnival rides and Mickey D's towards back area Dining areas- There were three of them.  The tented VIP one, you need your VIP pass to gain access to here, banquet tables with apps were being served when we were there around 5ish, the sake and bar started later on. Lucky I read via website the info so I timed arriving here perfectly!The area towards the back had high top tables where you can stand, it wasn't shaded but at the time we went the sun was low enough that it shaded the area. The other dining area was tented with tables and chairs, plenty of seating.  Being the clean freak that I am, I appreciate that the dining area was pretty clean for an outdoor event. They had festival staff who bussed and clean the areas continually the time we spent there. The garbage cans were emptied also...just little things like this made it more aesthetically pleasing.The variety of entertainment lineup during the time we were there varied. Hot Hula Fitness just finished up when we arrived. When we sat down to eat there was Thai acrobatics followed by a Tai Chi demo, then Ronald McDonald telling corny jokes and performing magic tricks. The kids both young and young at heart seemed to enjoy the show and that's all that mattered.I ended hitting up the Truck Norris, Fluff Ice and Sin City Cupcakes! I have an obsession with food trucks what can I say!  Love the unique and different twists of Hawaiian/Filipino food and desserts from Truck Norris and Fluff Ice who are both from the Los Angeles area.  And Sin City Cupcakes...alcohol infused cupcakes...need I say more??? I'll follow up with separate Yelp reviews for them.  Ive learned from attending past foodie festivals to take cash since some of the vendors and food trucks do not take debit/credit cards.  So bring cash with you! The admission price initially might scare people away but note it's good for both days with in & out privileges. Kids get in free if they are a certain height! (so tell the taller kids to bend at the knees a lil bit so you're under the 48" limit ..haha..) You can pick up a $2 coupon off at a McDonald's, one of the sponsors for this event PLUS part of the proceeds go to a good cause, our local Ronald McDonald House. I found all this info on the website before I came.  So it is a good value if you take advantage of attending the weekend. We enjoyed our afternoon and will be back.
4	I am a big fan of festivals, and also happened to be lucky enough to win a pair of VIP tickets via Yelp (Thanks again Misti!), so I decided to check out the Asian Food Festival. Upon approaching the SIlverton, I saw tons of rides and booths set up and I was ready to have fun and eat a lot! Upon walking into the festival, I was in food para-para-paradise! I saw many familiar food vendors,as well as some new ones and I was eager to eat a lot! For my main meal, I decided to try some Filipino food since I've been craving it for a while now.  The food was tasty and reminded me of my best friend's food from back home in California. Having the VIP tickets was also a huge bonus to the fair. Who could say no to comp drinks?!I am definitely looking forward to next year and the reunion I'll have with all the delicious food.
