3	I went to fascinations today to look for a few bachlorette party games for this weekend. This store is a much smaller version than the other stores in the valley, so keep that in mind if you are looking for rows of bondage...The sales girl (who looked like a tiny version of Shane from the L Word) was very helpful and pointed me in the direction of the games and other bridal crap. The selection was feeble and the prices were high. (8$ for a pack of penis straws, $15 for a pack of cards, $10+ for other varieties of penis junk). I bought a few items and continued to look around the store. They had DVD's 1/2 off which was cool and they had a decent selection of "dress up" clothes. One nice thing about this location is that there were not a bunch of creepy guys milling around. If you do plan on hitting up this store I would wait a week or so. The club upstairs from them sprung a leak and came through their ceiling and soaked everything.. It smelled like a sewer.. They are working on airing it out but it made a not so pleasant shopping experience.
4	I've walked by this place sooo many times and have never been interested in going inside, since I'm not a stripper, but tonight I'm going to a themed bachelorette party and I needed a wig. So I was having a few drinks with Sunny after work and was going to drag her to AZ Fun Services on Broadway to help me find a wig, when she suggested Fascinations. I was reluctant, because according to her review Fascinations was waaay overpriced and wigs at the Fun store were like fifteen bucks. But we went anyway, and well, I was wrong, their wigs were around fifteen bucks and they had 50% off all Halloween stuff too. AWESOME! The sales guy was really cool, Suzuki or something. I thought the prices there for other day-to-day sex stuff was pretty reasonable too. I got a few extra things. I'll be back.
4	I'm going to keep this one general and not too detailed; we all have to keep something private from the rest of the Yelp world, right?!I will say that last night after the Ignite event and post Ignite event, Jared and I stopped by this Fascinations store... we were pleasantly greeted by the staff but since we were not looking for anything specific, they let us wander and be 'fascinated' by all of the sex toys, party favors, under garments, games, videos, and more... (they do have a decent selection!)Not that I go into these types of stores often, but when I do, I like having the comfort of being with someone I am close to and/or not being harassed by the salespeople. (Yes, I'm shy, what can i say?!)  Luckily, I had both of these things during my visit last night.  We did make a few purchases, and I even tried to sneak in a package of 'nippies' since J was paying.  He caught it though, and decided to take those off of the bill (they were $14).  I thought they would be perfect for getting a nice tan line - I may have to return to make that purchase on my own!If you're in the market for anything that you think Fascinations may carry (and believe me, if you think they do, they probably do), go pay them a visit!  Enjoy and remember to practice safe sex!
3	Warning. I am a lewd human being and if stores like this disgust you, you find penis shaped straws offensive or if you are my mom, stop reading this now.Vibrators. Banana hammocks. Dildos. Porn. Edible panties, Penis pops.... they have everything you can think of that is junk-shaped, with a wide variety of different types of junk to choose from. All shapes and sizes. Depending on your preference of course.I work next door to this classy establishment and I stopped in randomly one day on my way to the lightrail.. Whether you're coming here to spice up your sex life, or the lack thereof, you will most likely find something that strikes your fancy. They had a ton of shit to choose from but why does it all have to be so expensive? $90 for 7 inches of silicone manhood? Really? I can get real thing for less. $10 for underwear made out of candy beads..  I could make my own with my secret stash of candy necklaces from 4th grade for cheaper. I get the novelty of it all, but damn!  The people who work here are cool, and seem to be very knowledgeable about the products they carry. I'd say my favorite thing about this entire store is the pecker party crown I found. If I am ever a bachelorette, I am wearing that shit. And I will own it, whilst sipping vodka out of my cock & balls sports bottle and watching my girlfriends get hammered off the Dong Bong.
3	I prefer to shop for these sort of things online...because I am also shy and wouldn't want to be caught in a store like this. I think some of the things are over priced, but their "lingerie in a box" are pretty cheap. I prefer the bikini/stripper stores by the strip clubs on scottsdale rd because they have cuter clothes for cheaper, but my bf loves Fascinations. He likes to touch and examine before he buys I guess?? :D
4	I've been to way too many sex shops. Strangely, since I've been living in Arizona, this is the only one I've been to. But then again, I came to Arizona to sort of mellow out and get away from it all. The clothes in the windows are always what brings me in. I love the teeny skirts and cute tops they sell, and all those different types of fishnets are great for derby, what else?? There is a small selection of shoes but they're more for your average girl to wear occasionally. Not really dancer-quality. And by that I mean more in the construction way, less in the style way. Strippers can wear any shoes as long as they will last through weeks of 8-10 hour shifts. These shoes will not. Like Sunny B. mentions in her review, there are no creeps lurking the store watching you browse with their hands in their pockets. That makes it easier to come here. I mean, the store is clean, brightly lit, and tastefully decorated. i.e., no nasty booths in the back like you get at some of these other jerk-joints.
4	I honestly do not like most sex shops, they all carry the same things and can be kinda boring. But Fascinations is one of my favorites because they are actually a pretty classy store with original retail. They have a great selection in cloths and is probably my main reason of interest in the store.  The girls that work there are very good at checking id's at the door but are not the most friendly people, although they do have much knowledge of what their store sells.
2	Super expensive. Half this stuff you can get online for 3/4 cheaper. The people who work here are also pretty rude and almost none of them are knowledgeable about their products. It's like they get their stock from adamandeve.com and then hike up the price 60%.
3	I stopped in here with a Bachelorette party to buy paraphernalia for the night out and found all that we needed. For the bride we got a crown, and for the party we got necklaces with gigantic plastic diamond rings. We also got her a penis garter and penis ringpop. There was a lot of other fun stuff, like dare cards and "to do" scratchers. If your planning a Bachelorette party at your house or going out, this is the place to get party favors!
5	I'm giving them a high rating based on these important things a store of this caliber must have. 1. A clean layout of all items which makes it easy for you to choose what you truly need. 2. Knowledgeable staff who are able to provide you a clear picture of what you are about to purchase and make you feel comfortable enough that when you arrive to your destination you know you have made the right decision. 3. It's not just a place for men or a place for women they make you and your significant other feel like you both belong. 4. It helps to hire people who are appropriate in their language and the staff has that, speaking in bedroom talk to the staff when you are trying to buy something  or explain yourself about a future purchase please go right ahead make yourself at home I guarantee they will give you a respectable response.
2	They have a decent selection but make sure to look at the expiration dates of the condoms you buy here. They frequently sell expired condoms. Or at least, condoms with incorrect expiration dates. I have better luck buying condoms at gas stations. Watch out.
5	After a quick dinner at the cheese-steak place on Mill Ave, we had some time left on the meter so we stopped into Fascinations for a quick look around.  What really got me in the door was the adorable 50's pin up dresses in the window.  I love the look, but the style is usually expensive.  I was shocked to see that the prices on their clothes were actually affordable! We took a long look around the lingerie section and they've got a great selection.  I was excited to see that they sell poles and the cashier and I got into a fun conversation about where to take pole dancing classes (Express MiE if you're wondering) and how much fun it is.  The girls working there were super friendly and incredibly knowledgeable about the products.  We wandered into the back with the toys and the girl helping us knew about every product on her shelves. Shelve your insecurities and preconceived notions  This is a fun place for couples, or even just to come check out with your girlfriends.  Chances are you'll leave with something you'll love!FYI, parking on Mill sucks.  Expect to pay a meter.  There are lots of Fascinations shops around the valley, so if you're not into paying for parking, you've got options.
4	Smaller store, but still a decent selection and helpful employees.
5	Me and my friends have been here on more than one occasion, and the staff have always been extremely courteous and accommodating to us all. A fun and friendly environment well worth stopping in to browse anything from shoes, handbags and various other fun items. They also have energy drinks, who doesn't love those?
1	I have been to this location multiple times before with okay results. However, lately my visits to this store have been a huge joke. There is never anyone on the sales floor and I have to go hunt someone down if I want to check out. Additionally, they used to have so much more of a selection. Don't waste time or money here, go to a different store.
5	I forgot to update this review when the lovely people at Fascinations corrected their mistake and sent me a 75-pack (yes, a 75-pack!!) of free condoms. No delivery charge. I had a fun year with those.I'm completely kidding about the fun year thing. Completely... anyway, they responded to my complaint on the last review swiftly, and I will be forever grateful for their generosity. Fascinations rules! I will choose them from now on for all of my carnally inclined desires.
