1	BUYER BEWARE:  They are trying to charge for install of materials they never install.I visited the show room and was helped by a man named Patrick.  He was very nice and together we picked out wood for my home.  He told me the cost of the materials ($4.40/sq ft) and the install price of $3.18 a sq ft which was to include: tear out of existing floor and baseboard, the glue for the new wood floors, and re-installation of the baseboard.  He indicated he would have it written up and a contract would be send over to sign via email shortly.  Tricia did so, but the contract was not as agreed.  It added $100 for tear out and re-installation of baseboard.  I called and spoke with Patrick and he indicated he would speak with Tricia and correct it.  They phoned two days later and said he was wrong and they needed to charge the extra $100.  I indicated that I would pull off and reinstall the baseboard myself and to adjust and resend the contract accordingly.  They did so, but then added extra cost in the way of trying to charge me for the install of waste materials (6%).  This is the extra wood cuts that I have already paid for and do not actually get installed, but thrown away.  I called Patrick and he said that is a mistake, and they do not charge for that and he indicated he would have Tricia correct and resend the contract that day.  3 days past and nothing was sent so I called and spoke with Tricia.  She was extremely rude and hostile and indicated that they normally do not charge for this, but since I was using a promotion they were having, they were adding it on.  I said that sounded unreasonable and a little like discrimination.  She hung up the phone.The problem to all this lays in the fact that I came into the store and agreed to Patrick's terms and then paid $500 to enter their promotion.  So now I am stuck in the promotion and work has still not been done.I have filed this complaint against them to the BBB.org and will also file a complaint with ROC should it not be addressed properly. People deserve to know about their dishonesty.
4	Customer service during sale ok, but they made up for it during install. My job was 11x14.  With carpet removal and install all in the same day it took about 5 hours. We love our new floor !  Installer was prompt and cleaned up the area before he left. We are very satisfied with the final job. Thanks Enmar.
5	We were considering using lumber liquidators or Home Depot, but happen to stumble across Enmar before we made a decision. After meeting with Brian, the owner, and seeing their flooring we decided to support a local small business. Everything he said they'd do they did and we were very impressed with the work of the installers. They cleaned up after themselves before they left and answered all of our questions throughout the entire process. I would definitely recommend them to friends and family and we will probably have them do a couple more rooms as well.
5	This was our second trip to Enmar.  The first one, about 18 months ago worked out so well that we decided we'd make this our hardwood go-to.  Surprised to find it under new ownership, we became comfortable with Brian's helpful and friendly attitude, and deep knowledge right away.Last time we had our dining room floor installed by them.  We were very pleased with the outcome, value and timeliness.  This trip we were just looking for materials to extend the job ourselves.  When it looked like the materials might run a day late, Brian called us to explain.  Turned out, they got here on time, and were delivered the next business day.
5	We used Enmar a year or so ago.  Loved the job they did.  My floor was lifting a bit on one panel, I called for a warranty repair.  They were great.  They fixed my floor and it looks beautiful once again.  They did an exceptional job of cleaning up after themselves when they were finished.  Highly recommend.
4	These guys have a great show room and they really spent the time to go over all my options. Very pleased with their work and price. I would recommend to friends and my family.
5	I came across Enmar on a whim but so happy I did! I talked with several other companies -- mostly because I saw ads for them or discount coupons (which really weren't discounts). The showroom is really cool, and Brian (the owner) really knows his stuff. He was not pushy whatsoever, very kind, very knowledgeable, and really a genuine good guy. Enmar offers a lot of the very nice, very unique woods. For every wood I considered, Brian was able to help me thing through quality, durability, care, and educated me so much in the process. His knowledge is an incredible added value. I had my floors done in April and they are gorgeous. I willl be doing a few more rooms when I get the chance. If there was 10 stars to give, I would give Brian and Enmar a 10!As to the earlier bad review from another reviewer, I think Brian bought the company just a few years ago, so that review has nothing to do with the current business or ownership.
