4	Undoubtedly the best service from Champaign to Chicago, which is...not saying much.  But it's actually pretty cheap and reliable, and, as an earlier reviewer mentioned, the station is quite clean.
5	I love the train as an alternative to driving to the city, if your destination is the loop, downtown or along one of the Metra or CTA routes. Buying your tix ahead of time saves big bucks, as you can get them for $14 one way if you plan far enough ahead. If you are considering heading anywhere near downtown, parking is gonna cost somewhere north of $25 per day (up to $45). Thats of course on top of the 270 miles worth of gas. If you have never ridden one, Amtrak trains are much more spacious and comfortable than either buses or planes. The seats go way back and have foot rests. All the trains these days have ample plugs for CPUs, etc., and Ive heard that some have WiFi (never seen one though).  You can walk around whenever you want, and there is a cafe car. If your train happens to be one of the ones that goes all the way to New Orleans, then there will be more special cars with individual cabins/beds that you can get.Trains are occasionally late (1 or 2x out of a dozen), but the guy at the desk has a pretty good idea of how long you are looking at, unlike at the airport. Because of this I would not take the train to the Blue Line to O'Hare (or the Orange to Midway). Have no fear, however: you can drink on trains! They sell beer and wine on the Cafe Car and you can certainly BYOB.My favorite is the Chambana-Chicago Rockstar Ride: departs Friday/Saturday Nights from Champaign at 7:59pm, arriving downtown at 10:45pm. Departs from Chicago on Saturday/Sunday morning at 8:15am. $28 bucks and your parking/hotel/gas money can be spent on other, more foolish things.
4	THE point of transit for ground transportation between Chicago and Champaign.The two best options are Amtrak and Megabus.Amtrak:-  from $18-38 one-way; students with an ISIC or AAA card get a 15% discount+ quiet, smooth ride+ wide, cushy seats that recline+ seems to always have enough room so everyone can get their own 2 seats; may vary due to holidays+ plenty of storage right above your head for roll-aboard suitcases, duffels, carry-ons, etc.+/- standard AC outlets; no wifi+ passengers are mostly college students and middle-age to old people coming up/down to campus; no bad food smells.Megabus:+ from $11-18 one-way; their $1 fares are very rare, you have to book ridiculously far in advance to even have a chance at one of them- a little bumpier ride; bus will sway from side to side on windier days due to double-decker design- narrow, stiff seats that recline- is almost always packed, but there will be times that you won't have a seatmate- no overhead storage; only one checked bag allowed; carry-on will have to be on your lap or under the seat+ standard AC outlet; limited free wifi- passengers are a small percentage college students, and a majority of people going to the 2nd stop, Memphis; have experienced multiple individuals playing music and movies at full blast over their laptops on a 10:45 p.m. - 1:30 a.m. ride, many individuals are boozing hard on the bus (you smell it, trust me), and the smell of random crap like greasy and old fried chicken being consumed hangs in that small bus cabin air like no other. Bleh.It comes down to two things -- do you want to get a bus ride to campus that has an uncomfortable ride (seats and terrible passengers on board) for really cheap. Or do you want to pay pretty much double the amount to have a comfortable and quiet ride on Amtrak? It sucks that it depends on budget, but paying more will get you a better transit experience. Either way, you're going to get to the same place.
