4	I love this particular Sprouts for the same reasons that other people like the other stores in the chain: emphasis on natural, at budget-friendly prices. Lots of fresh produce, dry foods, supplements, beverages, meats, dairy, and much more - and of course, those great inexpensive freshly-prepared sandwiches. The reason I prefer this particular store at the corner of Peoria Av. and 51st Av. is, it is never crowded!
3	This location is on the path from work to home but I usually avoid it and go to Bell Rd on the advise of an acquaintance in the grocery industry.  When I complained about the quality of the produce at this location he said it is not wise to shop for perishables in a store that is not busy because the stuff doesn't turn fast enough.  All I really needed last night was milk and eggs (so how did I fill two cloth bags?) so I thought I would give this store another try.  As usual the store was not crowded.  Like many other Sprouts they are in a re-purposed building and this one has a wide open airy feeling to it.  There is plenty of aisle space.  They seem to have addressed the turnover of perishables issue pretty well since my previous visits as everything I looked at or purchased was at the same level of quality and dating as the other stores.  It looks like I may switch my go to location.
4	-This Sprouts has VERY friendly employees!-$2.99 fresh sandwiches! Yippee!!! Fill out the slip, leave it on the counter (until the sandwich lady makes eye-contact with you that she saw it) and your sammie is made to order!-Wait with the rest of the other hungry patrons, it gets pretty busy around lunch, everyone wants a $2.99 sandwich.... Just pay up front, the lines are shorter or empty than paying at the sandwich counter.-This store seems much darker than other Sprouts, kinda like a cave.-Clean restroom (two stalls in the ladies restroom).-Convenient parking.-I like this Sprouts!
4	Do not go here hungry!  I stopped in to pick up a few items and left with so much more.  Trust me - I'm not complaining!
3	Having just moved to AZ, Sprouts is a new thing for me. I'm grateful there is a location in my neighborhood, because I like having access to fresh natural foods. However, I prefer Whole Foods and Trader Joe's- way better selection, way better prices ($6 for peanut butter Sprouts? Come on). I find that Sprouts is good for produce and maybe bulk items like grains and legumes but not really basic commodities. Also, some of their house-made packaged foods have additional additives, so read the labels if you care.When it comes to this particular location there are pros and cons. The pros would be that it is conveniently located for me, it's never crowded and the staff is usually friendly. The cons would be that the produce section is not as nice as other locations- like the Bell Road store for example, and often things are not priced. Also, once I called to ask a question and they just kept picking up the phone and hanging up. That was annoying.Anyhow, overall it's okay and convenient.
5	I don't know what I would do if this store ever closed.  It's right near our home, has an excellent selection of both wine, meats, and produce.  Note that wine is mentioned first... I can't help it!  The service is always really good too.  Everyone who works here seems like they really love their job.  The only issue I have ever had was not being able to get basil a couple of times.  I got over it.  :D
5	I am so in love with this store! Not only is it clean, but you have such a variety when you are trying to eat healthy. Everyone is always so willing to help you find exactly what you need  and also makes suggestions on how to cook certain things. I JUST LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Great staff. This place saves me a ton on groceries. This is the produce mecca. They have a decent beer selection. They will let  you order it if they don't have it, huge plus. lots of organic and fair trade, but way cheaper than whole foods.
4	Whenever we want some fresh fruit and vegetables and at a decent price Sprouts Farmers Market is where we go.  Prices can be a little higher but they do have specials from time to time but you can always count on the freshness of the produce.  Vegetables and Fruits are at their yummiest when they are fresh !
4	This Sprouts isn't as nice as the one by my house but it's still okay.  Great selection of produce and affordable prices.
5	Cheaper than Whole Foods but great selection of whole food products.  Lots of bulk and raw, healthier options and they don't seem to carry junk. I always wind up here when travelling because I inventively forgot something.  I wish Sprout was also in Michigan. I love this place.
1	For over a month, No black pepper at the spice rack. Spoke to staff, Left the container open. Still empty. Come on get it together! How can you be out of black pepper For six weeks?
4	I'm more of a shop-wherever-it's-convenient-at-the-moment food shopper than organic oriented, but am aiming to aim a little higher and healthier in my grocery shopping, so after passing this store just off 51st Ave at Peoria so many times, I finally made it in this Saturday morning.  The store, located in a past-its-prime shopping plaza on the NW corner of 51st & Peoria is sandwiched between a Dollar General, a barber, and a lot of  empty smaller storefronts.  I think less than a dozen other businesses, including a nice, newer looking automotive repair garage, a title loan company, and a massage business  occupy the rest of the plaza.  A landscape and maintenance company is touching up the parking lot this morning. The lot is clean;  Parking is plentiful.   Inside, at 7:30 AM on a Saturday morning, a handful of customers are scattered about the store and staff is still busy prepping for the day ahead, working behind the deli counter, putting fresh produce on the shelves, advising a customer in the vitamins and supplements area, etc.  Fresh muffins catch my eye as I enter, and a blueberry one leaps into my hand basket and wryly asks where we are going.  Fresh, bright-colored vegetables abound in picture-perfect (not done justice by the washed-out look of my interior photos) displays. Ahead I see the sign at the deli counter advertising the $2.99 sandwich. I'm hungry and it's looking good but there's Yelping to do and I'm unsuccessfully trying to unobtrusively take photos in the big, quiet, open store.  The manager finally comes over and with some caution asks why I'm taking pictures.  He points out a "No Photography" sign at the door which I hadn't seen, but after an explanation of Yelp and demonstration of the mobile app that included display of the positive reviews (and photos already taken within his store), we had a great conversation and he says as long as it's not for commercial purposes, to  feel free, and so I did, right down to the men's room, which was decently or better clean, included a baby-changing station, and was stocked with the usual amenities of TP, paper towels and hand soap.    Hunger and that $2.99 deli sandwich eventually called to me and the young woman behind the counter assured me that 7:30 AM was not too early.  Being easily suggestible I went with the special of the day, turkey, on my choice of bread, with my choice of cheese and condiment, lettuce, tomato, and sprouts (if they weren't out - see photos!).  It was a big, delicious, and truly "hearty" sandwich, and $2.99.  A great pick-up for a work-day lunch, but on this day: Turkey. It's what was for breakfast.   And it was delicious.  Beautiful produce, organic meats, a variety of cheeses, ground coffee, teas, dairy and non-dairy beverages, green cleaning supplies, bulk grains, nuts, trail mix, breads, snacks, pet foods, vitamins & supplements, and more. Friendly manager, courteous staff, and a great sandwich!  Had there been smell of fresh baked bread, or muffins (or something), and coffee on entry, would have been a heavenly addition.
4	The products are always great but when you go to check out the lines are always long and it takes them a long time to ask for help. When I checked out the cashier was on the phone and not talking to me and that really pissed me off. Tell whoever your talking to you have customers and you will call them back and they will have to get over it.
5	As any sprouts this palce is clean. I love the way they give you samples to try. Coffee samples are good.:)
2	I used 2 frequent this loc8ion but not anymore!! My mind was made up never 2 return after what I witnessed on my last visit here... The layout of the store as well as produce & selections was pretty good Most of the time tho they didn't carry several items that I found @ other Sprouts (several Xs made requests but none of them ever made it 2 this store or their shelves).   Also, stay away from the Nosa brand yogurt as even tho the expir8ion d8 reflects it should b ok, something is amiss either handling~wise dur8ion of it's trip or the marked d8es have been tampered w/ because nieces complained it tasted funny & got sick after having some. I tested it myself after they complained & nearly threw up/spitting out the nastiness which can only b described as rotten mold. EWWW!!!!      Steer clear of the Gluten~Free tortillas & the english muffins (which u can chip a tooth on). The tortillas can't even b folded in 1/2 without breaking apart so they r useless & the english muffins were hard as a rock (even after a li'l nuke job) & not edible even w/ water as a chaser due 2 their dryness but had 2 b thrown out a day l8er as they were already growing fuzzy home~grown penicillin! Waste of $$ when u SPEND MORE 4 Gluten~Free & don't even get 2 use said items!!  Now 4 the clincher that turned me off completely from ever stepping foot here again. I was being checked out by 1 of the nicest cashiers I had yet 2 encounter @ that store & she had 2 call the manager up because they were running a $20 off gift card promotion w/ the purchase of $100 in groceries. I needed 2 as my total was a li'l over $200.    That manager guy was an idiot of Epic proportions in how he treated his employee!! I stood there dumbfounded in disbelief @ the way he was ber8ing her in front of me & was made 2 feel he was being so put out of his way 2 come authorize the transaction. I kept thanking her 4 being so helpful & doing such a gr8 job hoping he would get a hint what an (_i_) he was being, but he knew he was being a deliber8 pr*ck & having visions of being incarcer8ed, I really had 2 hold myself back from putting him in his place!! If he felt that comfortable degrading a Female new~hire of African American descent in front of customers no less ~ like he can do whatever he wants & they just have 2 take it if they need that job, I can only imagine the Monstrous bASS~TURD he'd b 2 them out of customers observ8ions GRRRrr!!! Filed a complaint 2 corpor8 but don't know what/if anything ever came of it... Besides ALL this, I wouldn't come here after they got hacked w/ their zon card machines anyway!!
4	Good selection of fruits and vegetables at lower prices than most grocery chains. Lines can get long at busy times.The cashier with the annoying loud voice is hard to miss--it just carries across the store. I avoid her with her patronizing manner, dear this and dear that to the older folks. She told me that the reason I was having trouble opening those plastic bags was that older folks have dry hands. Now I know I am older but do I want to hear this...
1	Why does it ALWAYS seem as tho the cashier's are bordered by the fact that a customer wants to check out. You do not enjoy your job, find another! Just awful! !!!!!!!!
4	I come to this location once every two weeks. Great selection of organic vegetables which they rotate so people who buy mostly organic aren't always stuck buying the same vegetables every week. The employees are usually nice and willing to go out of their way to help... only downside is sometimes it is difficult to find someone to help.  Some of the cashiers are a bit quirky but they mean well. Some reviewers complained about long lines but I haven't had a problem with that... however I typically go during the week.  I enjoy shopping here.
2	The service in the deli SUCKS. The female behind the counter has no personality and she is ride as hell. Can't say hi how and you. She just look at me and kept doing what is was doing.
5	Whew what a selection of what I call healthy hippy food haha ( not a bad thing ) .. a Great place to get rare items if your maybe on a diet , or just support organic non commercialized company's products. They have multiple sample stations set up like a mini costco to try there new products and the employees seemed to care about there job .. This was my second time ever in a sprouts and I would return for a 3rd visit  if im in need of some healthy food. FYI: A little on the pricey side for food , but  .  So far all the items we baught were delicious
