1	I was new in town and needed an eyebrow wax. I found the Spa at Ballantyne and decided to give it a try. Although I received a skewer of yummy pinneaple while I was waiting for my technician that was the highlight of my expereince. We got in the room and after what seemed like just two strips pulled off she said I was done. She didn't have a mirror in the room so she said I could use a metal bowl to try and see my reflection or we could go into the bathroom and she could tweeze and strays in there. Are you kidding?This wouldnt have been so bad if it was super cheap, but the waxing was $20 and then they add automatic tip on there so it came to $24. There are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money.
4	The Spa at Ballantyne Hotel is a full-service day spa that offers massages, facials, body wraps, mani & pedis.  They also have a hair salon, fitness center, as well as indoor & outdoor pools.  It definitely reminds me of some great destination spas that I have visited while on business trips in Scottsdale AZ.  Sadly, I have only had a mini back massage so far, but the Massage Therapist (Natalie) was AWESOME!   She did an excellent job in a really short amount of time!  Overall, the Spa at Ballantyne is pricer than some of the other upscale spas in the area, but if you want to splurge and experience total luxury, this is the way to go!
1	I was so surprised as to the level of disappointment I experienced at this spa. My best friend and I (she flew in from NJ for a visit and we planned a girls' day) went to this spa for 1 hour massages, both of us choosing hot stone. We both have experienced this type and other kinds of massages in many different places, NJ, NY, California to name a few.Here are my main issues:1- we are greeted by a very nice woman who does not understand or speak English. We ask questions and we are answered 'yes' every time. When we asked about the spa pools (are they hot or cold water?) we get a 'yes'. I ask again, are they hot? We get a yes. SHe leaves and we touch the water and both pools are ice cold. We find the hot tub, figure it out ourselves and the jets, which do not move, are facing straight up, therefore making a huge mess and we can't sit in front of the jets to loosen up any muscles. It was a joke.2- the hallway from the pools to the locker room is so sterile, I thought I was in a hospital.3- my massage, was all about the stones. My very nice therapist added hot stones then removed them over and over again for 50 minutes. SHe didn't massage anything. I kept on waiting for the manipulation to start, thinking she was maybe warming me up and relaxing my muscles and she was going to start the actual massage any second. Then we were done. What the heck?  My friend's massage included an actual massage.4- the tranquility room is an open space right off the showers. there is no tranquil anything about this 'room'. No soft lighting, no blankets (I was quite chilly), no anything to make me feel I was in a special place to enjoy my quiet time.5- the pleasure of this experience, and i use that term kindly, cost me a whopping $175.  I haven't felt THIS ripped off in a very long time.If you are used to a special experience and you feel you deserve to be pampered and be made to feel good, Do Not Go Here unless you don't care where your money goes.
1	UPDATE: I mailed a letter to the spa director with our list of complaints. I was surprised when I received a phone call from the director. He wanted to discuss our experience and promised that they were in a transition, updating the spa, etc. He refunded our money and offered us a massage at no cost so that we could be impressed and change our minds about this place. We were looking forward to a great experience, as promised and I fully planned on updating my rating here on Yelp.So, I called last week to book our appointments only to find that the director is no longer with the spa. I left a message with the spa manager and after several days she has yet to return my call. I guess the good service left with the director.
1	UPDATE #2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me. I will update.
2	Update # 3...OK we went for our 'great experience'. It was ok. Massages themselves were good-to-great. Nothing else was improved. No follow-up from the manager considering the situation. I promise you that you can find something better to do with $175.
4	Yes, this spa is probably pricey compared to other places, but it's in a nice hotel with a certain type of clientele I'm sure.  But I guess maybe because I'm from LA and going to Glen Ivy and Burke Williams has spoiled me for the cheaper places?  I expect not only the service but amenities as well.   I want it to be a day of pampering.I took my bestie out for a spa day since she really needed one.  I booked my massages and pedicures over the phone from LA.  The lady that helped me on the phone gave me a few helpful tips.  They have a "couples massage package" that has a scrub and a massage, but she told me how that one worked, and being that yes you get to be in the same room with your friend, mom, daughter, partner but one does the massage while the other has the scrub and then you switch.  Yes it's a cheaper package, but if we get our own massages, they can set it up to be at the same time and adjoining rooms.  Okay - thanks for the heads up!I also had to move the day last minute due to some scheduling problems with my bestie, but we were able to easily reschedule luckily.We arrived for our massages probably about 10-15 mins early.  We were hoping for a little more time, but after going to lunch it just got a bit closer than planned.We were greeted at the front desk and we were told to head downstairs and an attendant will help us once we got there.  Once we were downstairs, the guy down there called up a female attendant so that she could show us around the women's spa area and gave us our slippers.I have to say, for someone who's been to quite a few nice spas, this was more or less par for the course.  Extremely clean.  Plenty of towels available.  I did wish there was a hot tub in the area like in most spas, but there was multiple dressing areas with lockers (that had robes waiting for us), showers, a sauna and a steam room, plus the waiting area that had an assortment of teas, coffee, water with cucumber or fruit or plain water plus a nuts/dried fruit mix and a mix of chips for us to eat.  I think there were also apples.We waited for our massages (which were 80 mins aromatherapy massages that were at a discount because they were the special promotional ones for the Thanksgiving holiday) and our massage therapists came to get us.  Come to find out now only were the rooms next to each other, it kinda was like having a "couples" massage anyways because the adjoining rooms actually had a door with sliding doors so it because one big room anyways.  We thoroughly enjoyed our massages and when we were leaving, our massage therapists were there for us with water and three roses a piece.  It was very special.Back to the waiting area for our pedicures.  We stopped by the sauna on the way to relax a bit since we had about 30 mins before we needed to be "picked" up by our pedicure ladies.Our pedicures were nice.  Since it was also put as a "couples" pedi, we were sitting next to each other with a nice view of the pool area and the golf course.  The ladies doing our pedicures were super nice and friendly. We had a great time over all.  Yeah, we could have paid less to a day spa elsewhere and a pedicure elsewhere, but we were there to have a spa experience, and we were able to have our nice girls day out.
4	Every year on Black Friday, my mom, sister, 2 aunts and I come over for facials.  It's our way of avoiding the malls and such and to have a girls day of sorts.  It's attached to a hotel and is pretty fancy and on the pricey side, but I'm guessing they have a certain type of guest they go after.  Full service spa with facials, spa treatments, massages, wraps, etc.  The staff is always friendly and very pleasant to deal with.  We're led downstairs to pick up lockers and sandals and head into the locker rooms to get changed.  We're always called back on time (sometimes early if we're there early) and the girls who do our facials are absolutely wonderful.  They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.  My only complaint is at the end of the facial, they always do this tapping thing with their fingers all over your face and that annoys me for some reason.  I'm really not a fan of it for some reason!!  Anyways, they always fill out a card with the products that they used if you're interested in purchasing them for yourself and offer you water when you leave.  Keep in mind, it's pricey over here so it's a splurge when you go, but worth it!
4	If you want a great spa in Charlotte with amenities.. this is your place.Steam roomGymOutdoor poolIndoor jacuzzi and poolsI had a body treatment that left my skin feeling super soft after the summer. Pricy, but worth it as I spent 4-5 hours there... perfect relaxing day.
4	I'm only commenting on the salon because that is all I went to during my stay at the hotel.  I was lucky to get a last minute reservation to get a manicure since it was Mother's Day weekend and they were apparently booked the entire time.I got an essential manicure with Marilyn and she was awesome.  She was friendly without being overly so, and we had a nice conversation while she dealt with my train wreck nails.  The salon offers complimentary mimosa's which in hindsight I wish I had indulged in one, but I passed. Things to note:This is not a cheap place.  You are paying more for the ambiance than probably the quality.  It wasn't bad, but you can get  a cheaper everything if you go somewhere else.  That being said, I was staying at the hotel and enjoyed the convenience and was willing to pay more for it.They automatically add in a 20% tip.  They do make you aware of this, but not until after your service.  I am sure it is posted somewhere, but I didn't know until it was point out when I went to pay.  I am looking forward to trying some of the spa services next time I stay at the hotel.  I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed.
1	It takes a lot for me to give a nasty review, and this place earns it.I was in town for a mini reunion - 4 of my friends from all over the US met here to catch up (after 20 years!).  I have lived all over the world, and appreciate spa's of all sorts and facilities....and always the main thing comes back to service.First, the greeting here was nice.  We had reservations for our treatments and confirmed at the desk then went on the tour. The facilities are wonderful.  Very posh.  Beautiful pools, indoor and out, and the spa was relaxing and comfortable.Now with posh places, they can often miss the point of actual "treatment".  But keep in mind I go to a Korean spa in Los Angeles and get an old lady to scrub me down like a little dirty kid so that my skin glows.  Still, I expect the actual treatment.So I had a massage.  Can't go wrong with that - right?  Well....maybe you can.  I choose the only man on staff, as I like a strong massage.  I can honestly say that he spent more time adjusting my blanket a million times then he did actually rubbing me.  It was almost annoying.  I was ready to rip the blanket off.  I'm here for a rub down, not fluffy adjustment of the blanket and how it covers me LOL.  So whatever....When I got back I asked my friends if their treatments were nice.  All said "ok" and I had wondered if they just didn't know better or didn't want to complain.  One did complain.  She said that she didn't get the hot oil head treatment.  Oh that's sucky - because it is an add on service and costs a little bit.  But she really wanted it.  Well it's not missing it that pissed me off....it's what the lady told her.  She basically told my friend "well I totally forgot and I don't have time....but what a shame cuz I do a really good treatment".  Well if that isn't the biggest f-you ever?  She should have taken the time to DO it!Then we go to pay.  Well....now here is the part that totally had me trumped.  Like I said, I've been to spas on every single corner of this earth, and never before have I seen this done.  They basically add a 20% gratuity.  They PRE add it.  Then they say to you "well, if you feel you want to give them less, we can change it".  WOW WOW WOW!  So are you really suppose to feel like an jerk and say they deserve less?  So first my friend - she told them to take off the charge for the service she didn't get, then said she did want to tip less since the girl made her feel bad.  They said to her "well you know the tip get's shared by all of us".  Oh my Lord.  My turn.  I say to her, well I've never heard of this being done before and it's kinda odd to shove the gratuity down our throats.  We all would have paid it anyhow, but it's the fact that we are demanded to without knowing that leaves a bad taste in our mouths.  I paid and didn't fight.But then...there was a local man standing in line waiting to pay too.  He said to the girl..."what can I bitch about to try to get a discount?".  WOW.  Is this really how these locals act?  He didn't know our situation.  He didn't know how we were treated.  So my friend who lives there turned around and said something to him - basically to mind his own business.  The girl behind the counter LAUGHED.Oh no.  In the car, my friend called several times to speak to a manager.  They kept sending her to voicemail. She left two voicemails.  NO call back.You can have the prettiest little southern spot and posh trimmings, but the meat is your treatments and your service.  In my booked you failed on both.
4	What a nice treat the Spa at Ballantyne was. I booked a hot stone massage & learned I was able to use all amenities offered, steam room, sauna, outdoor pool, fitness center, etc. I arrived early to enjoy the pool, b/c it was a great day out. I ordered lunch and the service was great. Waiters serving water throughout the day and checking in with me often. I proceeded to the spa about 40 minutes prior to my service & enjoyed the steam room and relaxed in the lounge where I was offered a complimentary drink, so I chose a glass of champagne. A nice treat! My massage was 50 minutes and I loved it! I will definite be back!
1	I treated my mom and myself to Sea Pearl Facials, Bottoms Up Pedicures, and Luxury Manicures on April 1st, 2014, at the Spa. I have lived in the Ballantyne area for years; however, this was my first visit to the Spa at Ballantyne. Overall, we were very satisfied with every service we received. We were welcomed and had a full tour of the facilities upon arrival. I personally had Leigh for my facial, and she was amazing. She talked with me at length about my skin type, the products that would work well, and the experience was incredibly relaxing. I have had facials before, but this is the best one I've ever had. My mom was equally satisfied with her service, and said she could have stayed on the table forever. I had Choyoung for my bottoms up pedicure and luxury manicure. She was an expert, and sought to ensure comfort at every step! My mom and I had these together, and it was a great experience - relaxing, refreshing, and lots of good chatter. We had a beautiful view of the golf course, and were sipping complimentary Pomegranate Martinis during these services. I have not been doing a mani/pedi on a regular basis, but am considering adding this on a monthly basis. Choyoung was very welcoming, friendly, and efficient. The only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout. After gathering our things from the locker room, we came back up to check out. My mother went into the shop to browse while I waited to pay. There was one customer at the desk actively engaged in a conversation with the man behind the desk. There was a woman behind the desk also, not participating in the discussion, but seemed like she was politely listening. She clearly saw us walk up, and my mother go into the shop. I stood there for a bit, expecting that since the other customer was actively engaged in conversation with the other staff member, she would respond but did not. I almost said 'excuse me', but given I do customer service for a living as well, I wanted to see how long she would ignore me. I continued to stand there, and finally she (Lindsey) greeted me. I must say she was the most cold and rude person I encountered at the Spa. She presented me with the itemized bill before charging my card with $700 in services and a forced 20% gratuity (I normally tip 20% and would have anyway, but it's nice for the customer to have that choice), and then focused back on the previous conversation while she was printing receipts. It was almost as if I was a bother to her. After I received my receipt, I started to walk into the shop, and I heard her greet the person behind me with a totally different attitude. After the fantastic service received from all of their services staff throughout the day, it was not something I expected at the end. It goes to show you that a borderline rude customer experience at the end can ruin the entire impression of a business. Additionally, I sent this feedback in e-mail to the Spa, and heard absolutely nothing from them...not even a 'sorry'.
1	Over crowded, loud, and not a relaxing experience. Stayed at the hotel and booked two massages. Was looking forward to a tranquil  environment, sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available, it was loud, crowded, I was told I could relax after massage with my husband, that did not happen, and checking in was not smooth. Sadly not worth the money or time.
4	Love hanging at pool after spa treatments. My wife and I live a few miles away and use this place as a getaway.  We get massages, workout, swim, eat, hot tub, steam room and relax here.
1	I made a reservations for my bf and i at the spa on 6/14/14 to have a relaxing Day but they gave me a stressful week. It was a really nice place. i was planning to go again but not anymore.I was very disappointed when i found out that i got charged twice and got 2 overdraft fees because of the spa and the amount was  different compared to the first time being charged also my bf got charged and it was a different amount too. I think this was fraud because they charged our cards different amounts without our authorization. I received a refund a week later from the spa after several disputes.
5	Great spa!! Had a blueberry facial - felt instantly hydrated which I really needed. They have a ton of options and really helpful, knowledgeable staff. It's worth the investment!!
