5	The best Filibertos in the whole state! Its clean and the employees are pleasant. Clean bathrooms and they maintain a very clean seating area/salsa bar. Texas burrito and a gold peak tea is amazing!
5	Been to numerous Filiberto's(es?) in the Valley, this one is definitely the best, hands down. Totally agree with what Kayla R. said. The ladies who work there are super-duper friendly. I only go there once a week; nonetheless they always remember me and what I ordered! Amazing people.The Arizona burrito (steak, cheese, potato) is sooooo good. I really love how they are never stingy with their meat. And on Mondays, they have 99cent rolled tacos. I don't eat corn tortilla, I don't even eat their regular tacos (which my brother loves), but for some reason I absolutely love their beef rolled tacos. They are so generous with their cheese and by the time we got home it would be all melted on top of the three rolled tacos.MMMMTheir carne asada burrito is great too! Oh, and their carne asada fries! Sometimes it could be a guacamole overload. If you don't like that, you can ask them to put it on the side. A special that is not on the drive-thru menu is the Texas burrito. My brother is absolutely in love with it. It is a chicken burrito with sour cream. It didn't sound appealing at first, but when my bro insisted, I tried it, which turned out interesting in a good way. BTW their burritos are not expensive at all, $4 something each. Since I love spicy food, I always get their super hot red salsa. They also have the green salsa, and the brown mild salsa. Pickled carrots, jalapenos and onion are also available for the customers. Next time when you get a burrito, try this: take a bite, when you get to the meat part, put some onion on it, pour some hot salsa on it, take a big bite and enjoy. And that's what heaven is like. 0=) Except you don't have to wait, b/c it's 24/7! Woohoo!
4	Clean and bright, excellent salsa, young, polite, + happy girls working there.  Far better than the Filibertos on Main near power.  Great Asada Burrito and no hassle on drink refills.
2	They don't know what the el Gordo burrito is at this location. Maybe they should look at their own website!  All the others know what it us and make it no questions asked!
4	Food is some of the best for a Filibertos but they move ridiculously slow.
3	Is it quality food? No.  Is it terrible? No.  Are there any other restaurants open 24 hours around?  No.  Is it better than your run of the mill Filiberto's?  Yes.  So there you go, if you're hungry, have no intent to fix your self something up, and it's late, head to Filiberto's.
3	BEWARE: Double check your receipt at this location when taking the drive thru. You might get cheated. I've been coming to this location probably 4 years now.  It used to be fine, but within the last 2 years, the majority of the time that I go here, I ALMOST always get charged for an extra item. Sometimes I get told the total, and get no receipt. The price sounds completely wrong. I'll have to ask for a receipt, and sure enough I'm charged for extra items. It's becoming extremely repetitive, and very suspicious. I hate to say this but I feel like some of the employees that work here are dishonest. I work in fast food myself so I get an idea of whats going on at this point. I have friends and family members who also have the same exact complaint with this location.However,  this Filberto's is clean, and the foods good. It's by far my favorite Filberto's in the valley. Just make sure you dont drive off without double checking what you've been charged for!
2	I'm posting this review as I'm sitting in the drive threw line.  It's been 20 minutes since I ordered and the line isn't moving... Service is slow.
3	It's filibertos. Don't come here expecting top notch food. I've been here countless times and I really like the carne Asada fries and burrito, fish tacos, and there 99c rolled tacos on Mondays. They are never stingy with their meat as someone mentioned before and as far as filibertos in general go, this one is pretty great and the staff is very polite. I've never dined in but the facility looks clean. My favorite thing is the 99c tacos with cheese. Get them with some free green sauce and you've got a decent meal!
2	Great place for late night food runs, Not the best food, but then again can't expect 5-star dining at 3am
