4	Though it is a chain, this is one of those places that you just have to visit to appreciate.  It's not your typical chain in that every visit is unique.  The food is served 'family style', so when you see 'small' and 'large', make sure you note that the small serves 2 and the large serves 4.  Also note that those are probably conservative estimates.The food is excelltent, and the only downside is that the service varies with your server.  Sometimes it is good, sometimes it is bad.  Generally they are friendly but that doesn't always mean that they are good at their job.
4	If you're looking to grab some good Italian food for dinner, then this place is great. Whether you're going with your family or on a date, it doesn't matter because the atmosphere of this place is unlike any other place you'll go.Walking in, heck, even the outside of the place, you'll be amazed at the tackiness. Being half Italian, this place brings back a lot of memories of my grandmother's place. It's just so amazingly tacky, from the different types of rooms you can eat in, to the stuff on the walls & ceilings. Buca is unique because of how they separate the seating. There are different types of themes for each room & each is very unique. I've sat in the Wine Room twice & filled wine racks cover the entire ceiling. There's also a pope room, with a spinning pope head in the middle of the table...yes...very weird. Also, I believe you have to reserve the booth located in the kitchen, but this is where you can watch the workings of the kitchen from inside of it.The food here is great as well, with your normal favorites with some other odd creations. They have giant meatballs which are great for more than one person. You can order individual portions, but they're specialty is family style dining. So bring some people with you that have hearty appetites because you get a lot of food here.This place may be a chain, but it's definitely a must visit if you're an Italian food fan...which I have no idea who isn't. From the uniqueness & tackiness of the place, to the great food you'll get to feed your whole party, you'll enjoy yourself & look forward to coming back soon.
4	I think this is one of the most fun places to eat in Charlotte, especially if you can snag the kitchen table. It's a kitschy, tacky, wild and funky place, and the food is huge, plentiful, and delicious. The prices aren't bad, either. I like the family-style service, although it's easy to over-indulge because everything is so good and so in your face. It can get a little busy, so sometimes the servers seem a little overwhelmed. The food can take a while to come out, so although the atmosphere would be great for kids, if your little kidlet is impatient, I would recommend finding somewhere else to go on busy evenings. They also offer curbside service if you aren't feeling the atmosphere, so order ahead of time, and they'll bring it out to you.
1	First visit: We ordered a pizza from the menu on the wall. The ingredients were olives and tomatoes. When pizza came it was covered in onions, and there were a smattering of small chopped olives and tomatoes..it looked like an onion tart. My kids refused...to eat this. We also had to go get our own tea and water, as our waitress forgot, she never refilled...we did that too.Another visit: my daughter wanted to have her birthday dinner there with some friends. We made reservations months in advance and called day before to confirm. They were confused when we got there....didn't acknowledge we were waiting...and finally took us into the dining room. They tried to sit us at a too small booth that had a huge tear in the seat. NO. We finally got our seat at a table that was actually large enough for all of us...service was spotty. on to the food. There is nothing spectacular about anything they serve. It tastes like chef boy rdee, or frozen dinners. Serving family style is nice, but it is akward to go with friends and do this. Last visit 4 of us went....3 of us were sick for several days after...2 ended up at emergency room for IV...1 went to doctor for phenegren.....we will not be back after that experience for sure!!!
3	It's been more than three years since my original review of Buca, so I figured it's time to write again.Though we still like Buca, and the experience is one that you should really check out if you haven't already, I'm not sure that I'd suggest you do so as heartily as I did before.For starters, the plates of food seem to have found their way to Dr. Evil's shrinking ray.  It's not uncommon these days for portions to shrink, but for whatever reason - perhaps because Buca already had large prices to begin with - the difference just seems to be much more pronounced.  We still love the shtick, but it's a bit harder to swallow is all.When it comes to value, it's not there as much as it used to be.  The flavors haven't changed, and they seem to have put a lot of money into a fancy new menu to get you to buy into their plan, rather than the relatively simple menu that they used to have.  The servers even seem to be working on the hard-sell now, rather than the simple family style that used to work so well.  It just isn't the same.
3	Family style with some coworkers, we had a very affordable dinner for the 3 of us with the small sized portions. Our waitress was attentive and our meal was quite tasty. I wouldnt give them 4 stars as our waitress did forget to bring us our bread and marinara sauce and needed to be reminded but other than that, the atmostphere was clever, the food was yummy and our drinks were decent.
3	I think this is a great place to go when you have a large number of people but it is expensive. We had chicken parm (very good), fettucine alfredo (very good) and ravioli (good). The waitress was personable but a little too slow to refill glasses, bring wine, etc. The room we were in was surprisingly quiet which was nice - we could all hear each other speak! I would go back with a large party - when I save some money!
2	My husband and I ate at Buca di Beppo for lunch today for the first time.  Neither of us were impressed.  The staff was slow and somewhat unresponsive (even though it wasn't busy in the least), the food was subpar and the prices were too high for what we received. I would not return!
4	Mama Mia that's some good cheese......Stopped by the mall on the way home the other night, and somehow ended up at the end of the parking lot in a dead end right in front of Buca Di Beppo.  Not sure what drove me into this location tonight, as I have only heard of the GINORMOUS portion sizes, and we were in the mood for something very light, and did not want anything real heavy. I know, this is Italian and everything is heavy, but we decided to give them a try since the parking lot was not nearly as full as normal.  (That could be good, or that could be bad) Anyhooo...we felt like an adventure none the less.Since this was our true "first visit" we felt in order to take the tour....through the maze, into the kitchen, (hey look someone is actually eating in the kitchen) and onto the myriad of other rooms, finally locating our table in a room, with just one other "festive" couple.  Apparently a few servers had been cut, so there were a few questions as to who actually had our table.  One would think that was bad, however we did have at least three servers attend to our needs at the very beginning.Of course, by now, you know I drink water, and my better have always has sweet tea. The drinks were quickly presented and we placed our very huge order of just the Mozzarella Cheese.  We had the complimentary basket of bread, with Olive Oil / Balsamic Vinegar, to help soak up the very tasty Marinara Sauce left over from the Cheese Sticks.The portion sizes were reasonable for the price, and as expected, it was enough to feed both of us, especially the 2 sections of bread.This will be on the list for us to visit later on, we when are hungry.Service was fast and friendly. NCFoodGuy
2	We haven't been here in over a year and it was time to return and see if there was any changes. First, the decor is still cool...lots of pictures, statues, albums on the wall. We were greeted by everybody working there ---very nice. Ordered the apple Gorgonzola salad. It came out wrong and had to be reordered. This is a really wonderful salad....Unfortuately it took 15 Min's to get it the second time. Their bread used to be wonderful too.....hot and fresh full of flavor now it's just plain old french bread tasteless. Our entree of lasagna came out on a very hot plate but was cold but burnt on the bottom. Manager came to the rescue and immediately took care of the problem. I liked the idea of having the chef bring out the correct entree since it was his fault and not the waiter. Would I go back? Probably not, too many good Italian restaurants in the area that are better
3	We have been to Buca several times and generally have had a good experience.  We had the spaghetti and meatballs and lasagna.  It is family dining and the portions are large.  A small spaghetti is enough for two people and the same goes for the appetizers.  Good value. The food is good but nothing to rave about.  It is a place to go with the kids and have a decent meal.  However,  the service was very good. We wanted to change our table and the manager handled it right away.  The waiter checked on us frequently and took care of our requests quickly.  It is advisable to call ahead since it gets crowded on weekends.
2	Let me start by saying their food is top notch, my favorite is baked rigatoni with whole wheat penne and I have the italian sausage replaced with ground beef. I wish they offered a small salad with the order instead of an addon but you definitely get your moneys worth in quantity. ALSO, if you are on the lookout there are ALWAYS buca coupons in the sunday papers, in valpak, and if you search for google apps on android. So if this was based on food I would give Buca a 5.I took my Italian gf to Buca on her bday at her request and I must say the dining experience was the WORST either of us have ever experienced. We went during the week and they had maybe 8 different "tables" or groups dining in...they put us all in the same room (with the other 4-5 rooms EMPTY) and bunched us together with everyone. I'm literally sitting side by side with another group on a bench inevitably hearing every word of their conversation. Ideally you take your gf out on her Bday you want a private personable dinner where you can talk without hearing every word of someone elses conversation....that alone was bad when they had so much room in the restaurant. On top of that we had the worst waitress ever, Cassandra.....she harassed us literally every 2-3 minutes asking us if the food was okay, talking about the weather, etc...she was interrupting us CONSTANTLY. My gf and I began being short with her so she would let us enjoy our dinner and she just didn't take the clue. On top of that the host who worked at the front door kept coming back and doing the same, CONSTANTLY. It's nice that people care that your meal is okay, but theres no need to ask us how our meal is literally every few minutes when I'm eating the same thing. My gf and I could not talk without the constant interruption.Horrible experience dine in but we have continued to go back for their TAKE OUT....We generally will call 20-30 mins in advance, then showup to get our orders and its still not ready often we'll have to sit there and wait another 10-20 mins like they didn't start it until we got there. The food is so good, and they give you SOOOOOO much (leftovers for days) it makes it worth it but the customer service is very low in my opinion.
3	In my opinion, this place is only one star ahead of Olive Garden (which I don't care for )  in terms of the quality of the food... but it is pricier than OG. (Because of the price-point, I would acutally rate this place 2.5 stars instead of 3.) It is your typical Italian-American corporate chain cuisine. If you are hungry and want to find something "nicer" than the Olive Garden but not on the level of gourmet authentic Italian dining, this is an ok choice... especially if you are a family with lots of hungry mouths to feed.  If it were totally left up to me, I would not choose to go here. Ever.  However, we have a lot of good friends who really like this place (??!!), so on occasion, I will suck it up and take one for the team.  One problem from my perspective is the "family style" dining.  Typically, I am much pickier than my dining companions and I feel like I have to settle for something that I would not order if it were just up to me.  (And the same is true in the reverse, my dining companions try to find something to order that I'll actually eat). But, they do have enough options that I can find a chicken or seafood option. There are also a couple of selections of baked pasta that do not include meat sauce. When I eat "Italian" food, I typically like to enjoy a glass of wine or two. As expected for a place like this, the wine selection is not very good and is  more overpriced than the typical restuarant wine mark-up.  Even with a coupon and not ordering the most expensive things on the menu, I generally end up paying more than I feel this place is worth. I'd prefer to take my business to a smaller locally owned restuarant any day - and especially when it comes to Italian food. I have only been a few times, but on each visit the service was a-ok.  The wait can be a little long depending on what time you get here, but the staff tries to make up for it by being super-friendly.
1	12/26/11 7:45pm.I go to the hostess station and request seating for one.  Hostess asks if i wish to be seated at the bar, and I politely declined.  She then said "we are not taking any more walk in business tonight."  I have a suggestion on where this place can shove a few of their meatballs.
2	Two and a half stars, neither A-ok nor real bad. I was at Carolina Place around 1:30 pm and decided to give this restaurant a try -I was told it's the best Eyetalian in Charlotte.First the good part: I ordered the baked rigatoni with meat sauce and hot Italian sausage. It was excellent -if like me you like strong flavors and spicy both- nothing I'd expect from a chain restaurant. The lunch portion was huge, too much in fact.that's it for the good.Service was absolutely dismal for no good reason. It was neither busy nor a late hour for lunch. I think the dinner prices are very high for Southern Italian style pasta dishes, especially considering we're in Charlotte and I think their idea of "family dining" makes life easier for the cook but does nothing for the customer. My idea of fun dining is exactly the opposite, I want to taste as many different things I can, not pig out on a mound of carbs.
3	I  enjoyed the ambiance of Buca di Beppo at Universal City Walk in L.A. so I decided to book our Christmas Eve dinner at the more local to us Buca. The family had never been and I knew it would be fun. As you can imagine on Christmas Eve, they were running a little behind but not majorly. Our server was delightful. The food was good, nothing exciting, and the portions large, as they are known for family style dining. It is a great value and a lot of fun for large groups.
3	Just went here for dinner. Dinners are family style and leave your appetite satisfied. Small spaghetti order has 2fist sized meatballs and can feed 3 people easily . Friendly service. But divey on purpose. Supposed to look like Joe's basement in 1960's era NY or NJ . Food better than average,but not Maggianos.
2	The food here is okay (2.5 stars)and does not completely satisify your appetite. Every time we have eaten here, we were hungry shortly after. Go figure. Well, the service here on the times we have visited has never knocked our socks off. Just okay. Very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy. It is a little overpriced even with coupons for the quality of food. The garlic knots and calamari are consistently tasty. Not a place we want to run to on a regular, but good enough for a "snack".
4	Oh, so tacky and cliche. That's what makes Buca di Beppo so great. From the Christmas-light-wrapped statues outside to photos of nuns running through the ocean inside, everything gaudy and over-the-top about Italian-American culture is embodied in the restaurant.The experience starts with the escort to your table, which takes a detour through the kitchen (where there is also a booth table. In the kitchen.) and around by the Pope Room used for large parties (with a creepy wax bust on a rotating dais in the middle of the table).Food is served family style. A "small" plate will feed 2 to 3 people. Everything is very tasty - I personally love the baked pasta dishes, the garlic bread, and their salads can be a meal by themselves, too. Not a place you want to come unless you are feeling hungry.My only complaint is that their only Charlotte location is in Pineville and rather tough to get to for me. But when I'm in the area, a great place to stop!
2	I have to give Buca di Beppo props on the ambiance they create.  You cannot find another restaurant like it (or if there is one - I am not aware of it).  For those that are not familiar with Buca di Beppo, it is an Italian restaurant that serves family style meals.  Any dish you order is meant to be split between members of your party - so if you have a party of 2-4, you really only need to order 1-2 dishes for the party.  Me, being the picky eater that I am, I would rather order my own dish than share.  At least with this experience, did not have the best server.  He did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job.  He was willing to split the bill among the five people in our party, but one person in our group ordered an alcoholic beverage and the price of her drink was split amongst the people in our party.  They might only do this if there are people in your party that have not eaten at Buca di Beppo, but when they take you to your table, they walk you through the kitchen (which has a table for patrons to eat their meals at).   The only plus side of going here for meals.
5	Good food and good service. Will definitely go back.
2	...called at 6p to see if they would take reservations for that night. yes, but not 7p... 7:15p is open. Cool, table for 4 at 7:15 it is. We arrived at 7:10 and were told we will call your name when a table is ready... at 7:25 I asked if our 7:15 reservation was ready yet and she said we are a little behind. There are a few still ahead of you... Our name was called at 7:46 after 4 tables of 4 and a table of 6 were seated. Anyone can take a reservation... Its the holding of the reservation that counts right? (UNHAPPY) The food was OK, a small salad for the table, 2 shared dinners for 4, a side of pasta with a meatball & 1, $12 bottle of wine and 2 deserts nothing worth going out of your way for at a cost of almost $150.00. There was also 5 or 6 "birthday/clapping" sessions around us like at Applebees.The wait staff was nice, quick and good looking, but I'd rather have a slow, ugly waiter with good food myself.No hurry to go back there... ever.
1	I hate to do this...I just hate to...but I have never experienced this before. I don't know if I can ever return to Buca. Firstly, I knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived. She just seemed...off...or high. She was very awkward and kept flirting with my date. Not only that, but she completely ignored me as if I wasn't sitting right there. To make matters worse...much worse, our yummy carbonara had a hair in it. A nice long blonde hair. I was done. I pulled it out and showed my date, he looked at it and told me to just get rid of it. Ok, I did, and I stopped eating. He kept eating lol, until...I found another hair!!!!!!!! Yuck!!!! There is nothing worse than someone else's hair in your food. The night was ruined for me, and we both stopped eating, I never speak up when I am unhappy about something. I am just naturally a friendly, non-confrontational girl, but I felt like I had to say something! No one should have to eat food with hair in it, and have to pay $19 for it. Alas, my date didn't want to make things more awkward since  out server seemed to be on the verge of an emotional breakdown. So, I kept quiet against my better judgement. She later returned with the check, which was wrong, and claimed that she would have to pay the difference out of her pocket if she tried to change it. Confused! Then she asked us to do the survey and give her 5 stars. Ha! I just started laughing, I was sure this entire night was a joke. She literally said, as she knelt down to our table and clasped her hands as if in prayer (I couldn't make this up guys) I'm new here, could you please give me 5 stars, for the good of humanity, and for all those people without jobs in the world.) This was entertaining. Then, she proceeded to take my dates credit card and flirt with him some more! She touched his chest and asked if he had any brothers. Holy...cannoli... get me out of here! I was happy to leave, and planned to never return. That woman just creeped me out. Sorry Buca, a previous visit was much better than this one.
5	Amazing place, went with a friend on a Saturday. Amazing pasta and variety of items. What makes it even better is the fact that they walk you through their kitchen before sitting you down on a table. Awesome food and good waiters. Prices are good too.
2	First of, I really love Buca's food. It's really good and a favorite of mine and my roommate's is the Baked Ziti. We love the atmosphere of it and we honestly have a good time(usually) when we go but recently...the past few visits haven't been so great.(03/13)Starting off with last night(Wednesday), my roommate and I planned to go  after I got off work for their National Raviolli day coupon. We got there at 9:20, 40 minutes before they closed. I know it's a little late but we can normally get done within that time frame. But when we walked in, we waited for a few minutes before the hostess finally walked into the waiting area...with her purse over her shoulder.She told us they had already closed and after mentioning that we thought they didn't close until 10(we checked the website before going), she reluctantly took us to a table...in a room where everyone else was. It was a little awkward for us and after waiting for maybe 5 minutes while discussing whether we should stay or not, we left. The impression we got upon arriving, although late, left a sour note. We're both very disappointed and ended up settling for pizza(which is no where near as good as their food). I was really looked forward to it all day until I showed up.(02/13)The time before that I went with my roommate again and a friend. We arrived an hour before close(again late I know) but this time we had no problem getting seats. Our problem was with the service. Our actual waitress didn't start serving us until AFTER our food had arrived. A waitress from a different section noticed us and helped us out until our waitress finally showed up. We didn't get refills until we had to stop someone to ask for them which shouldn't have been that hard when there honestly weren't more than four other groups there at the time. Again, it was disappointing.(01/13)The time before that experience I went with my parents and three friends. It was a busy Friday night but we didn't have to wait long to get a table. The service was great but the annoying part was that every table but ours in the room claimed to be having a birthday. Literally every table. So we had to listen to their birthday song five times just in that one room while it went on in several other rooms. It ended up being very irritating and I honestly don't believe that everyone having a birthday in Charlotte that night would all go to Buca.Overall I really love Buca Di Beppo's food but the service has increasingly gone downhill since our first try in early 2012. Now when I go I see more problems than good experiences and honestly, I think the only way I'll be getting their food from now on is if I go with a large group early on in the day or through take out(which is usually cheaper).Sorry Buca...but I think you deserve this one.
4	I absolutely love the family style type of dining. The staff was really friendly, the service was fast, and it felt like i was going to dinner at one of my relatives house! Pizza, pasta, salad....everything was great. Big groups are a must and they have monthly specials that cater to all celbrations that you may be planning.
5	I've been to this restaurant twice and the food is amazing. Someone wrote here that the food tastes like it's either frozen or straight out of a can. I've had frozen italian and canned italian. The first thing you notice when eating at Buca is how FRESH the food tastes. Even the herbs in it seem quite fresh and complimentary.  someone also wrote that the atmosphere was loud and that they sang birthday songs a lot. Well to get around that my advice is to eat at home. This an italian restaurant. Nothing should be quiet about it! Enjoy the food, enjoy the cuture and go home. Some people will complain about ANYTHING.
4	We had a great experience at this restaurant. Everything we ordered tasted fantastic. The chicken Parmesan was fantastic and the tiramisu was awesome. It's is a great place to go with a large crowd.
1	I don't know what has happened to Buca.  I have eaten here many times in the past 5 years both with friends and with my church group for which I am the social coordinator.  I have gotten take out meals and only had great things to say about this restaurant in the past.  The food was and is still good but not worth the treatment one now receives as a guest.  The wait staff had a total disregard and lack of respect for the patrons that was appalling.  Ours was poorly trained and had no back up or bus person.  Bread came out after the salad with no oil. By the time oil came, our bread was mostly gone.  We watched our desserts melt as we had neither spoons or plates to eat on.  I had dirty utensils dropped on me all while we froze to death after multiple requests to turn the air conditioning down.  After 4 requests a manager told us it had been done.  Within the hour it returned to meat locker status.  My church friends with arthritis were miserable and in pain due to the cold.  I had to go outside to try and warm up during my meal. I guess it was comfortable for the wait staff and those that may have been drinking alcohol.  For the rest it was a miserable an noisy environment.  It takes a lot for me to have to write this, but I was in tears thinking how my friend's Birthday celebration was ruined.  Needless to say  I will not be back nor will the groups I used to bring there.
3	This was our first visit. Cute kitschy place. Service was good- 4 stars.  Food was ok. Stuffed mushrooms- delish. I found it to be overpriced. Lasagna was slightly burned. Much better cold the next day. A granny apple salad was good but not $13.00 good.Bread was very plain. Would we return? Probably not.
1	Came for Thanksgiving thought it would be nice for a change boy was I wrong made reservations 2 weeks ahead of time was supposed to get kitchen table didn't get it ! Then went to order gnocchi waiter brand new says they don't have ordered a Guinness beer says we have it be right back comes back like 15 minutes later to tell me they don't have.this place used to be good boy did it go down hill ! So disappointed !
2	Originally left a bad reviw. Bur since then I was contacted by the district manager. You really seem to care about this restaurant's reputation. He said they're making improvements and that I should try it again. I told him I would and I will hold my review until I do that again. Everybody deserves a second chance.
2	I wasn't as impressed with Buca as I wanted to be. I'd always thought this place looked a little cheesy  from the outside, but after years of business, I finally decided to try it out with some friends who were celebrating a new job. Bread and drinks were promptly brought to the table, along with a side of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping. We decided to start with the mixed green salad, and added Gorgonzola and prosciutto on the side. Typically when I think of mixed greens, I think of mesclun, arugala, frissae, and other greens. Though I wouldn't expect these particular greens to be served in an Italian restaurant, I don't understand why they considered this salad "mixed greens". The only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage. I counted maybe five olives, and three pepperoncinis. The prosciutto and Gorgonzola were plentiful, though I'm not sure of the quality of prosciutto they use. It looked burnt and perhaps prepackaged like bacon bits. It was just okay as a whole. For our main dish, we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni. This is where the experience failed in my mind, as the chicken and peas did not taste fresh, and the sauce was lacking in depth and flavor. It just wasn't as authentic as I was hoping for. Service was fine, but I think I'll be skipping Buca next time I need a fix for Italian.
3	My son chose Buca for his birthday dinner.  There were 7 of us total and the toal bill was around $200.  No alcohol was ordered.  I was surprised how expensive it was.  The food was so-so.  I think the "schtick" here is the family style entrees.  When you order spaghetti and meatballs, you get a huge bowl of spaghetti with 2 or 3 meatballs the size of of a softball.  The meatballs were not very good and it was kinda awkward dividiing them up.  I'd rather have 8-10 smaller meatballs to share.The atmosphere of the place is great... very Italian feel.  Can't rival a joint in the North End of Boston but they try.Suggestion to the restaurant - move your dumpster.  It sits prominently in the parking area on the same side as the main entrance.  And, if the wind works against you, you get a full blast of all kinds of wonderful smells.  Not good going in and certainly worse going out!
4	My niece selected Buca for her birthday meal, so we were happy to take her. We took the tour through the kitchen on the way to our table, nice touch. Our waitress was super friendly and willing to answers our questions patiently.Family style dining is fun, probably more so with a larger group to share with. We ordered a side dish of Alfredo for our niece because she couldn't eat a whole dish alone and neither my husband or I care for Alfredo ourselves. We decided to share the Quattro al Forno with ravioli, canneloni, manicotti and stuffed shells. We ordered a small, which states it is for 2-3 people to share. Hmm. Not sure I am buying that. It was a pretty small portion in my opinion for the money and the price. It was good, but not great. Chicken canneloni was my favorite.  The hubby ordered a meatball on the side and while it was big, he said it lacked the ooomph he was hoping for. Bummer.We would go back with a group, but probably not on our own. I rounded up a 3.5 trip due to the great staff and eclectic atmosphere.
1	They had 3 hostess up front doing nothing and didn't even greet us. Booked reservation for 17 and she tried to cram us on 3 tables. We had no space to move elbows. Why would you even try to seat us like that? Reason I book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time. When I walk up front ask host if I can get a bigger table. She gave me an attitude. And was like "sure". Never got a apology for cramming us into a small table. The place is a family style with big dishes. The way they had us seated we wouldn't been able too move to grab our food. Terrible customer service and it was my birthday. Disappointment. Will never return to the restaurant.
5	After a good body massage me and my other 2 friends went to this place , the whole wall is decorated with variety of pictures :) , this place was so different , you can walk inside kitchen , there is even a booth near kitchen :) This restaurant has some art on the other side of the rooms , I will go next time to see them all :) We ordered cheese motzerila n garlic break , it was hot crunchy , yummy :) we ordered chicken  Parmesan family size for 3 of us and packed one for our other friend , it yummy de best I ever had , I would personally  prefer this over Olive Garden and magiannos , chicken was crispy , soft and juicy , tomato sauce was so fresh and i think they made from scratch , waitress was very good , she suggested me some cream soda , which was awesome , tables are quite close , which made me feel like family restaurant , I would go here again and again :)
4	Love this place! Great food, great service, great atmosphere! Mmm table bread, Mountain Dew, & Caesar Salads!!
4	Great family style Italian restaurant!!  Old school atmosphere, reasonably priced!!  Definitely an option for those who enjoy old school style Italian.
1	If the idea of awkwardly taking a tour of the kitchen followed by a maze through overrated Italian singers only to be led to a picnic table of the worst food ever... You are in for a good time.  DISGUSTING! Worst Italian food ever! They shouldn't even call it Italian food. It tastes like a frozen lean cuisine. The bread was even bad. Overpriced! Don't waste your time and money going here. This place really should receive a total of negative stars but yelp wouldn't let us post.   Sad
1	I was less than impressed. The meatballs were greasy and very bland. The price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive. Based on the reviews I was excited to try, but I will stick to Olive Garden or even Stouffers lasagna.
1	Seriously, how many F words can you not use on a Yelp review? How do you order app, a salad and three entrees.  Salad came first then bruschetta (wtf) toast and tomatoes and cheese.  Don't give it a sweet name and take 50 minutes to make it.  Also the fact that we order lasagna and you are out of it?  You couldn't tell me that during the 50 mins that you were making bruschetta?  How long does it take to make lasagna?  Wait someone told me longer I'm sorry I didn't go to culinary school, I guess nether did your cooks "I use cooks loosely".I would recommend a better Italian place but I'm Scottish, I would say stay home drink beer and make macaroni and cheese!
4	Excellent southern Italian style dishes. Food is served family style so a small portion will feed two people. Avoid anything made with aioli as they do not do a good job with this.
4	Booked on Open Table, right after I got the confirming email I called the restaurant and asked if the kitchen table was available. I happen to enjoy sitting in the kitchen. So I was disappointed that my wife and my daughter weren't fans of the experience. But Buca was awesome - they swapped us right out into another table immediately without a wait. Woot!We chose the large tossed salad to start and then three big entrees to share. Yep, that was probably too much food. Huge platter of Eggplant Parmesan. Big tray of cheese manicotti. Ginormous vat of shrimp fettuccine Alfredo. All really delicious, all really big servings. We took a shedload of it home with us.As for the desserts, they are ALSO sized to share. The brownie sundae, by itself, is enough for five people. And we also had what we thought was going to be ONE canoli but was actually three of 'em. Oy, my tummy hurts.
5	I can't believe I've never been here before! Went for my birthday last night and everything from the DELICIOUS food to the service was incredible! Our waitress was super nice and helpful, and whoever the tall man was who served the table next to us was extremely patient and helpful with his table. He was super nice seeing how they arrived minutes after closing time. He took his time with them and never acted irritated. Will definitely be back!
2	The food here is subpar, at best. When we asked for a kids cheese pizza, they basically smeared some tomato sauce on a tortilla, sprinkled a few strings of shredded cheese on it and, with the way the cheese barely looked melted, I'd estimate they'd popped it in the microwave for maybe 30 seconds. It's a shame the food is so bad though because the decor is fantastic and, getting to take a tour of the kitchen before you eat is something you definitely don't experience everywhere. At least you know that, even if the final dish doesn't taste that great, it came from a clean kitchen.
1	Went in for the Thanksgiving Day meal that they offer.  They indicate the two options are for 3 or 6 people.  We had 4 so chose the the meal that feeds 6 to take back leftovers.  Unfortunately they provided for for 4 people, even only brought out 4 pieces of pie for desert.  After getting about one spoon of dressing we asked for extra and were charged for it!  We ordered a bottle of wine when ordering the food that did not arrive until we were half way done eating.  Service wasn't that great either, had to ask for things twice before getting the.Needless to say, after ordering and paying for a dinner that is supposed to feed 6, we brought nothing home.  It was my parents, uncle and myself, not exactly a group that should go through a Thanksgiving meal that is supposed to feed 6.This place may be worth the money for the regular menu (never been there for that though) but felt cheated on this TG meal.
2	Food was ok. It wasn't bad, just nothing great. Its like the place tries too hard. They walk you in through the kitchen (cute, but gimmicky). The place is overfilled with photos and artwork. They are nice photos, but its distracting almost on purpose. As if the food is not the real star of the show. It shows in the flavors. The service is great but again just too over the top with a way too long intro about every single portion of he menu. My server lost me towards the end. He was very attentive at first with his long spiel but then we barely saw him. All in all, it was ok. More focus on food and flavors and less on cliche. Its a standard italian restaurant for a standard meal. Nothing to remember
5	Gave this place another shot after a not so great experience going to their Thanksgiving meal.  I will have to admit, they redeemed themselves.  The food was very good and the quantity was very good.  Myself and another ate, had salad, lasagna and a chicken dish, brought about half of the food home.  The tiramisu for desert was excellent and huge, unable to even finish half of it.  Service was very good and did not feel rushed at all.  Only complaint is that this place is loud, but that is part of what this place is about, family style and enjoying the company.  I would go back for the regular menu.
