4	Love Chazen. Thanks for bringing the bit of art culture to Madison.The temporary exhibits are often interesting (although i can't quite say always great). The permanent collections have some interesting stuff. I'm not so fond of the modern art section, though.Well, keep it up. I'm looking forward to the large expansion remodel.
5	Just got a family membership with 50% discount through Goupon. Deal!
5	Another free place to hang out in Madison? This city is awesome!With two buildings full of some interesting pieces, it's an easy way to spend a morning.Just maybe keep away from noisy teens.
4	The best art collection in the state. Surprisingly robust for the university level.
4	This sterling little art museum is quite big for a college art museum.  The building itself is aesthetically interesting and architecturally attractive.  The collection is remarkably varied, balanced, and inclusive.  I recommend a visit for absolutely any visitor to Madison, but it's an especially good place to teach older children about art, and how to behave in public.  Although there's no admission charge, it seems wrong to enjoy this gem without making some sort of donation, so I always do.  If you're coming to Madison for the MMoCA, allow an extra hour or two to add the Chazen.  If you're coming to campus for any reason, add a visit here.  Like at a lot of art museums, many of the guards are pleasantly over-qualified and quite informative.
3	This museum has two personalities. The vision of the pre 21st century collection is full of variety. It includes paintings of great variety; domestic scenes, aristocrat portraiture, ancient art, secular, Christian, many centuries, artists from around the world. The contemporary collection, one I look forward to in museums, is almost singular in its vision. Words containing the thought of beautiful or positive would not be applicable to the vision in this half of the museum with a few exceptions. The vision here is fairly uniform and lacking in variety. My 19 year old son starting laughing after awhile at the predictable bleakness, darkness and, frankly, ugliness in the modern galleries. Even for lovers of modern art, I suggest you begin in the other galleries where you will have a rich experience.
5	Great deal (it's free!) and quite the collection. Loved spending my lazy afternoons here as a student and young professional.
5	This was one of our favorite stops during a two day stay in Madison. Beautiful architecture and impressive collection of works for a campus museum. Definitely worth a visit, especially knowing that admission is free!
5	We have been to many museums in other countries and Chazen Museum of Art is right up there. Beautiful views of Madison, WI and very good guides.
4	I love visiting Chazen Museum of Art when I am in WI. The art is very good, not exceptional (at least by WI standards.) But spend the day and picnic on the lawn. Easy to cab to and from points in WI.
4	A must-see for everyone!  I only when to the museum (not the villa). This is a one-of-a-kind museum that gives free access (you only pay for parking) to world-class reknown artists of the ages from all eras.. from Rembrandt to Picasso... provides a platform to explore architecture, ecology, you name it. Most of us dream of seeing a Renoir or Van Gogh in real life, but the reality is that we will never get a chance to do so. This place levels the playing field and makes it possible to bring art and culture of the highest level and make it accessible to everyone
