4	So I've been here three times as various times of the day. They had a soft opening Saturday. Basically showing off the bakery, their menu, the cafe which isn't ready yet and the candy section. First, their breads look amazing, I brought home a nice shiny loaf of Italian bread. Different than what you may be used to if you're a Mancini's fan. This bread is dense, chewy and delicious, with a chewy crust. Slice off a nice piece, put it under the broiler, rub it with a little garlic and then drizzle a good virgin olive oil on it and a bit of sea salt.The donuts were gone by the time I got there all three times, but my mother who is an early riser told me the donuts are delicious. They have many varieties. She took home a jelly filled. Her favorite. The cakes looked phenomenal, especially a pineapple upside down cake that was calling my name, and, at only 6.99 it was a steal. I resisted and kept browsing. Again at noon there were almost sold out.The cupcake section looked good, a fresh batch of red velvet were just finished being iced and being put in the display case. Many varieties were featured in including an awesome looking double chocolate.The cookie showcase had some pretty tasty looking offerings. The oatmeal raisin and chocolate chocolate chip caught my eye, again I resisted and finally gave in and bought a decadent looking coconut macaroon. Almost as big as a haystack, these were crunchy on the outside and moist and chewy on the inside. Other offerings were brownies, home made candy including some of their chocolate covered cookies and normal confections.This bakery is also a cafe, so in the future they'll serve fresh coffee with their pastries.If you're a do it yourself kind of candy maker, there are thousands of molds for home made candy making, cake molds and other home do it yourself products.The Grandview bakery is a welcome addition to Mt Washington. They'll need to adjust the amount of the bakery products they bake to be able to stay open til closing. Just a warning though, the Bakery is on Shiloh Street and not Grandview Ave.
4	I felt as though I had to give this place a couple tries before I rated it.  I think because I really wanted to like it, since I was so excited to see a new business open up in my hood.  First time I went in I was in the mood for something fallish, so I got the pumpkin muffin.  Not a winner.  It didn't have enough flavor in terms of pumpkin or cinnamon.  I was really disappointed.  BUT, I spotted these cute individual sized pineapple upside down cakes.  Next time, I said to myself. So next time I visit, the pineapple upside down cake was MINE!  AND, it was everything I'd hoped it would be!  It was moist and full of pineapple flavor and...I wanted more!!  Third time I go in was the tie breaker.  I ordered a raspberry almond muffin and it was also moist and packed with flavor.  This time I spotted my next object of affection, a pumpkin roll, with massive amounts of cream cheese inside.  YUM-O!  I will be back for that one!Although, the one teenage girl who who's helped me every time I've been in is a little grumpy.  I get it, working on a Saturday morning is not fun, but good for you, you have a job!  Make a good impression!   So in the end I'm happy.  I can look past the moody teen to get to my sweet treats!
4	Sooo this is how the story goes. I am currently on a low carb diet, and when I heard about the new bakery I stayed as far away as possible. It just so happens that big ol betsey (my car) broke down, leaving me to walk to the incline. So I decided to stop in to get a coffee, however their cafe isn't up and running yet. So I was left to get the CHEAPLY priced chocolate croissant and bakers choice (cream cheese) Danish. Can I just say being a culinary school graduate, BOMB!!! Seriously, that's a hell of a baked good. I give them two thumbs up and maybe some pointers on being a tid bit more organized with their stock supply for crafting your own goods, but as a business just starting off. I'm glad they chose to give the mountain a bakery instead of a hardware store!
5	What a beautiful little bakery -- Pittsburgh style, much like Prantl's. Think lots of buttercream. I am pregnant, and I literally can't stop myself from stopping in before work every morning and order a flaky, butter chocolate croissant. It's amazing. Besides that, they have donuts, cookies, and a huge selection of ladylocks and cakes. In addition to the bakery, they also sell baking and candy-making supplies.
5	I don't have much to add to Darren's review. EVERYTHING we had was simply amazing, especially the chocolate cake and the peanut butter parfait. The insides are really posh too with everything on display. This place makes my mouth water!
4	In sum, I love this place. The majority of any given item I have eaten here has been spot-on flavor, nicely balanced levels of sweetness, and consistent. Cupcakes, oh how I long for thee! My favorite of their offerings is the mocha cupcake with chantilly buttercream icing. Oh dear, thinking about the rich chocolate cake and fresh chantilly with a hint of sweetness to offset the decadence of the chocolate. Umm. Next up, on my top 3 cupcakes is the lemon raspberry. A totally different spin showcasing they can due justice to fruit as well as they did to chocolate. The raspberry is sweet and zingy coupled against the lemon cupcake is refreshing and delightful. Lastly, the coconut cream. I think the coconut cream can use a tad more. More what you say- well more roasted coconut flavor, using a chantilly topping instead of just buttercream. Not sure why the chantilly topping is not used more on other cupcakes and seemingly reserved for just the mocha. Not worries, the coconut was not bad. It was tasty. But it missed that wow factor I believe the mocha has and the lemon raspberry possess.My co worker lives in this area and brings us tasty treats from the bakery about once every 2 weeks. As such, I've been able to sample numerous other offerings. She brought in a chocolate mocha cake with chantilly buttercream last year. Absolutely amazing. Even the women I work with that were dieting could not resist this gooey, amazingly, and creamy treat!I've also had their lemon pound cake. Superb. Cake donuts, nicely balanced amount of sugar and fat. As I left licking my fingers at work and I do not even care who is staring! These bakers know how to do lemon flavors justice. I've had many of their cookies- I'm not even a big thumbprint fan and they have me sold. Crumbly, sweet, still moist and not dry. Their chocolate chip cookies have the right balance of chocolate to cookie ratio where the cookie isn't dominated by chips. The sizes are appropriate too. Not too small and not gigantic either.Their danishes are delicious but even better in my opinion for the breakfast goodies is the cranberry orange loaf. It is tart and sweet swirling within moist and tender loaf.Overall, the consistency of their products seem spot on. I still have more offerings I need to try: pineapple upside down (of which I am a hard sell as I make it homemade and it is awesome), any of their muffins, their chocolate bunt cake and of course the maple bacon cupcake. I somehow missed this when I went their last time. I kicked myself on the way home but by then it was too late. I will save that review for an update =)
5	What a wonderful bakery & chocolate shop!  An amazing array of cupcakes, donuts, cookies bread, pastries, cakes, chocolates, caramels & other delights (they also sell speciality baking supplies too.  The service was warm, friendly & helpful; just like the good old days! It reminded me of what a neighborhood bakery should feel & be like!  I would definitely recommend a visit you won't be disappointed!
3	If you're going to open a bakery in Mt. Washington, please tell your staff that it is an economically diverse neighborhood, so don't correct someone if the call it a "Pea-can" Brownie instead of "Pea-con" Brownie.  I'm from Pittsburgh, darn it, and my labor helped make this city as awesome as it is.  Other than that, I was excited to try the bakery in my old neighborhood on a stint back to Pittsburgh.  The Peacon Brownie was quite good--moist, flavorful, but no peacans baked in which was a disappointment.  I liked the caramel on top. They have all storts of baking supplies which I think is cool but they do not market theirselves as a supply, shop, so it seems like maybe they needed to fill some space while they decide whether to expand to a cafe.  I don't see the girl who corrected my pronunciation of a nut to be someone that can help me with baking questions, in all honesty.     I also go the seven layer bar but was unimpressed.  It had little flavor and was super dense so I think they miss the mark on that.  In short, I am happy they are on Shiloh Street and in Mt. Washington but I am unimpressed with their staff and some of their treats.  I do wish them well, and may be back to try another treat.
4	When I first tried Grandview Bakery, I didn't expect there to be so many choices! Donuts, cookies, cakes galore, chocolate candy, baking supplies...the list goes on. The cupcakes are delicious and reasonably priced, which is nice now that some places in the city charge so much for a dozen.They're great at customizing your order. I recently ordered cupcakes for our company's birthday and they worked with me on colors and type of cupcake and turned the order around in perfect time for our celebration. A couple weeks later we chose them again for a sheet cake for our company picnic. Everyone loved the cake and it did well in the few days after the picnic, too :)
3	Grandview Bakery reminds me of that classic Pittsburgh neighborhood bakery. The staff is friendly and the variety of options are mind-boggling.They sell coffee and offer seating for patrons to enjoy their treats inside the store. The bakery is clean and bright.I had the candied apple and tiramisu cupcakes, the cheesecake muffin, and a classic glazed doughnut. All were good, but I would especially recommend the cheesecake muffin if you don't desire something too sweet. Doughnuts in the most popular flavors sell out fast and early.I visited Grandview Bakery on Saturday afternoon at 1pm. There were other patrons in the store, but it was not too busy. I'm glad to have found this gem!
5	Everything we had here was delicious.  Muffins were moist and the ladies behind the counter were very nice.  Spread the word!   This place rocks!
5	Grandview Bakery has been a spectacular addition to Shiloh Street; their "business of the year" award form Mt. Washington Community Development was very well deserved!   I've been there several times now and have ordered a wide variety of items.  I've been extremely happy with everything.  The almond torte (both "regular" and chocolate) is spectacular, and has been a huge winner at family and work events. Their cranberry orange bread and peaches and cream coffeecake are also delicious and reasonably priced.  I'm not a huge cupcake fan, but I've tried several there and enjoyed them all.  Staff have always been very friendly and helpful.  The candy making supplies (carrying ont the tradition of Frozen Egg and Fruit Co) are an added plus.  Go and enjoy!!!
5	Simply put: best doughnuts I've ever had. They're huge, fresh, and uber tasty! Many varieties too. Price is fair for a dozen (about $9.50). Much better than the national chains. Staff is very friendly, and always greet with a smile. Only issue is location. The parking is hit or miss, as it's on a small strip of commerce in Mt. Washington. I've been here 3 times, and I'm confident that I've found a great spot that I'll take my weekend business to for years to come!
5	I love this bakery and bring all my out of town friends and family here. I live in the neighborhood and have to fight off cravings everyday so I don't get fat! Peanut butter brownie, pumpkin drop cookies are my favorite treats.Also great cookie and candy decorating supplies!
5	Ridiculously good bakery in the heart of Mt. Washington.  First off for a bakery this place is BIG. Like we have a bake shop and store with all sorts of bake your own wares big. I got a bunny cake for Easter and it was pretty much awesome.  Also got a cookie etc etc and all of it was extremely reasonably priced.Highly recommended.
5	Really?? Just 17 reviews for this place?? I wanted to mainly walk up and down the Grand-view ave the whole time after we came up the Mon incline. But nature calls and off I wandered looking for a restroom. The decent human being in me, asked my hubby to buy something here and my gad, was I pleasantly surprised. Holy cupcake heaven!! The cupcake I tried had the softest cake, fluffiest icing and the candied almond topping was simply orgasmic. I avoid giving my daughter sugar, but come on, she had to taste this!!There are lots of different things you can taste from their samples and the store also is the "Walmart" of cupcake supplies.
5	An amazing little bakery on Shiloh street. Delicious and affordable baked goods, they have a great selection and are incredibly decadent. The staff is at tentative and kind, always eager to recommend what they have behind the counter . The shop is also very spacious and on the right side you can purchase baking supplies to make your own delicious pastries at home.Another interesting thing to note is that for a bakery it's still open relatively late! Though in my opinion they taste better early in the day!
5	I recently went to Grandview Bakery because I was in need of cupcakes for a friend's birthday and I was totally impressed with the store, their selection and the taste of their cupcakes!! Of course I didn't get to try all the flavors, but all of the ones I did were awesome including Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, Orange Creamscicle, Smore, Red Velvet, Raspberry Lemon and Chocolate Mocha! They had numerous options for gourmet cupcakes when I went in the afternoon  and the prices were comparable to other cupcake bakeries I have been to, averaging approx. $2.00 a piece. Parking is available on the street or in a small lot across the street. The bakery is large and clean on the inside. They have 2 sides one offering baking supplies and the other all the bakery items. There is also a few small tables at the front of the shop where you can eat if you want.  In addition to cupcakes, it appeared that they have a  large selection of cakes/cookies/donuts and other delicious looking bake goodies!I was highly impressed and will definitely return! Looking forward to trying more than just the cupcakes next time.d
3	Stopped by here on my way home and got a toasted almond cupcake and a personal size pineapple upside down cake. Both of them were pretty good! But not a bakery that I would consider stoping by for unless your I the area. I just so happening to be eating at the Micro Diner so stopped by.
