2	I charged Blue Diamond with something pretty important to me: the re-sizing of my engagement ring. My ring, only 2 days old at the time, was, as it still is, more than a ring--it symbolized a lot of things. Future and present things. When I picked up my ring, a white gold piece, it fit. I was elated! I left with a smile and $45 less in my wallet. But a few days later, something  started to happen. My ring started to turn gold. Gold is not me. Plus, it was confusing.I ended up taking my wedding ring to a different jeweler and happened to show them my engagement ring. They let me know that the "golding" of white gold can be normal, but when a ring is re-sized, it should also be re-plated with rhodium. They took my engagement ring, fixed the sizing (which had also been broken) and re-plated it. Good as new.Blue Diamond was so convenient for me. They are a custom jeweler. They clearly know how to re-size a ring. But I felt let down. Let down enough to never return.
5	Me and Amy E popped in to see what he would charge to remove a few links from a watch I recently got for her. Yury insisted that we not pay a penny, and only asked that we come back some time in the future. It's obvious he is into his work and takes great pleasure in satisfying his clients. Plus, he got right to work and finished the job in under five minutes (I have been to other jewelers to remove watch links, and they typically want up to $20 and for me to pick it up later).
4	Sorry, but I've been to this store in the past and although the assortment is beautiful, it is too pricey. Repairs are super pricey! I would recommend N&R gold and Silver across the street next to Micheal's, they're much less expensive.
1	I wish there was a 0-star Rating here, because he deserves it!I dropped my watch off for repair 3 months ago and I have not seen it since. He keeps telling me that his "watch guy" hasn't brought it back. Or, his watch guy has been out of town. Or, he will check with his watch guy and call me later in the day, which he never does. At this point, I will give up on my $100 watch just so I don't have to hear any more of his lies. DO NOT GO HERE under any circumstances! I also find it strange that no one else is ever in the store when I go in. Ever. Something strange is going on here.
