1	The people who work here are very nice, however they are very inept when it comes to closings. They never close any files on time and if your closing falls towards the end of the month, which most do, they are very busy and don't return phone calls or e-mails. If you are unlucky enough to be forced into closing at this location be sure to stay on top of them and be prepared to close late. Top 5 worst closings we've ever had and we close over 125 homes a year.
1	We practically sailed through our mortgage process right up until we had to deal with this agency.  Our closing was set for the Tuesday after a holiday, however, we were hoping to sign on the Friday prior.  The office manager told our RE agent that the closing agent was "working on" our file.  They were very bad at returning our RE agent's calls and e-mails that day, and needless to say, we were not able to sign.Fast forward to Tuesday--our scheduled closing date--and the truth comes out: Our file had not even been looked at!!! So the manager was caught in a blatant lie about the status of our file and this was confirmed when our RE agent conferred with the seller's agent's assistant/coordinator (it was a REO sale) and this manager was contacted.  This is the day of our closing and the manager now says that our lender did not get them our file until the Thursday prior and they require 5 days before, etc. So we are not going to be able to close today.  We were able to get an extension to close two days later.It got to the point that we had to contact this agency and try to get answers from the office manager ourselves.  After pulling teeth, because she does not answer questions directly, but is very much about policy, she said they would work hard on our file and we could likely sign that day (Tues).  Thankfully, she called about 1 1/2 later for us to come in and sign docs.Two days later--we are still waiting on our loan to fund and record so that we can get the keys.  We waited ALL DAY and finally at nearly 4 pm I was so fed up, I again called myself to find out what was going on.  I found out the county recorder's system was supposedly down, and had been for 45 minutes--mind you our RE agent and the seller's agent had been calling and e-mailing for updates and had not been informed of this.  Then the manager tells me not to pass this info on to any of the agent's because "we will be swamped with calls and e-mails." Really?!! How unprofessional can you be lady!!We did finally get the keys that day after a very, very stressful experience with this agency.  I noticed recently a couple of discrepancies on our documents and called to discuss this.  I was told by the person that handles this that it would be "looked into" and she would call me back.  I'm still waiting for a return call.  Finally, I got notice yesterday that our homeowner's insurance was contacting our lender regarding payment.  Yeah, that was covered by closing costs--two full weeks ago!! Why haven't they been paid?! I guess if this woman returns my call or if I can find a competent person in this agency, I will get it resolved.I will NEVER use this agency again--and will make sure that it is spelled out in any real estate contracts I sign.  They made a smooth experience unnecessarily stressful and kept referring to their "policy."  For them it is all about policy and nothing about customer service.  At times it felt like we had to nearly coddle and grovel to get them to move on anything.  If you don't believe me, Google them and look at all the negative reviews--I have yet to find one positive on this agency.  Use them, and be prepared to have your closing delayed!! You have been warned.
1	This is one of the most frustrating and inept (using the same term as the previous review) title companies I have ever had the displeasure to work with. Yes they are nice but I wish I had read the reviews before. I would never had made the assumptions that they would read the contract (their escrow instructions) or work to close the transaction in a timely manner. 2 days to produce a preliminary HUD is just crazy and poor business. I am shocked that this is the title company that Fannie Mae would want to handle their transactions. I will be writing to Fannie Mae and their representatives as well. Just a bad experience. I hope you read these reviews before you begin the process instead of when you can not get a return call or email and your closing is already late.
