5	Incredible burgers!  LBS is located inside the Red Rock Casino and features all organic ingredients (even the ketchup is organic!).  It makes everything, including buns, patties, pickles, and fries, in house.  The buns are soft and so fresh.  The burgers are juicy and cooked perfectly.  The fries, that come with a special fry sauce, are crisp and delicious.LBS is great because it provides great choices to customize your burgers.  The LBS burger sauce is just slightly sweet (akin to a steak sauce) which some of you may not like.  But you have a variety of sauces you can substitute on your burger, including a horseradish one.  Yum!  There are also varieties of cheeses and toppings that ensures everyone will leave happy.  Definitely the best burger I've had in Vegas.
3	another high end burger place in vegas - WTF - why not ! LBS replaced Tides in the Red Rock ( good riddance - Tides Sucked ! ) simple looking place, the "novel" idea - the ceiling is made of license plates. we ordered an appetizer of mini - pretzels with a mustard sauce and nacho cheese sauce . we liked it, simple but good. sad to say, i had a hard time reading the menu ( forgot the reading glasses ), not sure the "name" of the burger, but it had blue cheese, blt and grilled onions. asked for it medium - closer to rare than medium, but that's ok by me( pics posted ) . The roomie ordered a salad . The burger had decent flavor , not much in the way of juice when i bit into the burger, but it was tender as opposed to chewy. The condiments all good ( sorry people, i couldn't even read the type of meat, i believe it was a 1/2 pound burger ) The salad ? what salad ? they forgot to bring it. They offered to give it to us for free to take home ( we declined ) the mgr came over and insisted that we take some desserts with us - cupcakes and a cowpie/burger thingy. Neither impressed us. Interesting story - a friend of mine is a mgr at one of the local fatburger's. he mentioned to me that since lbs opened, the fatburger at red rock has actually seen an increase in sales - go figure ! anyways, overall, not a bad place, but i'll take gilroy's located a few miles away.
4	Had the perfect burger. Everything was great about this place.The only thing I would say is that the meat was overseasoned to the point that you could not taste the meat itself... but thats just a guy with too strong a hand on the shaker.The shakes are great... the service if outstanding. Great great place.
4	I had my very first Hereford burger at LBS and I loved it!  The half-pound meat was real tasty and perfectly seasoned.  I thought it was great that LBS gives you the option to get a whole wheat bun.  And the fries were the way I like them: skinny and salty.  I also thought the decor was pretty.  They took a ton of license plates and used the dull backside as wall paper.  And there's an American flag again made of red, white and blue license plates that adorns the ceiling of the dining room.
5	These burgers are amazing! Have been to several other burger joints in Vegas and for the quality, taste and price...you can't beat this place. Plus it's a convenient location, located inside Red Rock Hotel and Casino in Summerlin.
5	Awesome burgers, awesome beer, awesome all around!Came across this place by accident while showing some friends around the Red Rock a few months ago.  Decided that it looked pretty decent, and since we were starving, decided to go ahead.The waiter, knowing that we hadn't been there before, explained everything to us, including the meats, types of burgers, drafts, etc.  Wings were great, perfect amount of spice, hot, but not too hot.  Burgers were spot-on.  I will say that mine was a bit undercooked, but I can't blame that on the restaurant itself - working in the food service industry myself, I know that certain meats (especially burgers) cook differently.  They used this certain type of meat (I can't remember it off my head), but they age all their beef on site.  I'd say it was definitely in the top-5 burgers that I've had.  Like ever.  Not to mention their incredible selection of beers and cocktails, makes for a great time, no matter what.Plus, the decor rocks :)
5	Great burgers!  Great fries!  Great cocktails!  Great beer selection!  Great service!  Great decor!  Great everything!  My only complaint is that everytime I've been back, I've been super hungry and its been super crowded.  Don't you know we are in a recession people!?!Billy Richardson owns the place.  Apparently if you are in the know, you know him.  His dad led the original construction of Mandalay Bay.  He's a great guy!  Really friendly!  It was very nice of him to explain to a nobody like me how they went about selecting all their beer.  They have a lot of unique beers on tap and in the bottle.  We found our new favorite beer here - Banana Bread Beer!  The food service can be really slow, but they are really busy.  The burgers are worth the wait and the alcohol comes out fast so just get trashed.
4	An awesome alternative to StripBurger/Burger Bar/etc, but honestly I wouldn't make the trek here from the strip if I wasn't already in the Summerlin area. Appetizer : Pretzel sticks while good don't compare to Claim Jumpers pretzels imo!Burger: You can request your burger regular or pink . I got mine pink and it was juicy and cooked to perfection. It was a very large burger (seemed to be in the 1/3rd pound to 1/2 pound neighborhood) and fairly priced at $9. Their cheese options blew me away! I got brie on my burger and they weren't stingy at all.. my burger was covered in melty gooey brie.. I was in heaven. They also included sprouts at no extra cost - a nice touch. The bun was soft and delicious!! They had a nice array of sauces to choose from, too, but the brie and juicy burger required no sauce . Skinny fries were great. Service: This is where they lose a star. Our waiter was MIA for most of the meal. Getting a refill of soda (one each, not like we're high maintenance!) was a huge pain and he was always hard to track down. Our burger lunch should have taken 30 minutes but stretched to well over an hour because getting refills/check/food was so difficult. 5 stars for food, 3 stars for service. I laugh that they charge the same price for Lonestar beer as they do for Stella, but I guess I can't fault them for that. I suppose Lonestar is an "import" around these parts... right...
5	I've only been there once (so far) - for lunch.  The atmosphere is nothing spectacular, but the burgers are.. oh, the burgers.Get the "perfect burger" - you can't go wrong.  If you find yourselft at Red Rock Hotel, get a burger from LBS.The fried cheese and pretzel bites make an awesome appetizer as well!  And you'll need something to wash all this down - so try their root beer on tap.
4	We came here when we got to the hotel. It was really bomb. We got sliders which were out of this world. We also got the hot wings which were really spicy but realllly good. We also go these pretzel bites which were really good. The staff was friendly too.
4	I'll write a more extensive review later.Just wanted to let everyone know they are now running a HALF-PRICE promotion from 3pm-6pm, Monday-Friday.  Everything on the menu is included, except bottled beer.Try all of the appetizers.  Cheesekurds RULE--excellent (but different) marinara sauce!Pics and more info to come!
5	Where do I begin?!?  Having eaten at this place several times, I can honestly say that I have not come across anything that I didn't love.  The burgers are super juicy and the bun could be the best I have ever had.  An insider's tip: be sure to ask what special burgers are available that aren't on the menu.  You will not be disappointed.  The cheesekurds are the business too.  Great beer selection, great atmosphere, great everything!
1	went because the its supposed t be organic, but for me that was the worst burger ever, not a fan.
4	I've eaten here a few times and have always liked the food. I usually go for the beef burgers while my wife goes for the turkey or veggie burgers. All the burgers are huge and delicious. The sweet potato fries are also a must. What prompted me to write this review after my last visit wasn't the food but the service. The last time I was at Red Rock Casino we actually ate at Hachi next door to LBS. but had to get a takeout order of chicken tenders for our son who wouldn't eat anything at Hachi. The hostesses at LBS were so nice that when our order was ready they walked it over to us at Hachi. The manager even gave our kid a free cup of milk later. The staff over there is incredibly friendly and LBS is a great place to go with or without kids.
5	Cha Ching! Cha Ching!  This place hits the jackpot for me. The "Perfect burger" was truly perfection.  It made my last meal on earth list and my list is really short.  WOW!! It was so good my hubby and I came back for seconds within a 4 day span. We also had the sliders, and the #8 burger...but we still went back to the "perfect burger". I also loved the sweet potato fries and the onion rings...yum! To top it off I ordered the mojito...a tall minty glass on a hot Las Vegas day....YEEESSSS!!
4	The Perfect Burger is true to its name. This Burger is probably one of the best burgers that Las Vegas has to offer next to In n out and Fatburger(of course) the only thing that I didnt like about this place was the service. This place wasnt even busy and Me and my wife were still non-existent to the waitress, we had to get up and ask for our own refills from the bar(lets just say that the bartender got a bigger tip then the waitress). Will be back but next time I will eat at the bar.Overall Great Burger Crapy service.
2	Came here for a late dinner. Service was extremely slow, we had to wait awhile before anyone even came over to our table to take our drink orders. None of the salads have meat in it so I ended up getting a turkey burger with a salad on the side. The buffalo wings were not that good, but the Jalepeno fries were. My bf had the perfect burger and he thought it was delicious. They did tell us they were out of onion rings but the sweet potato fries were good. All in all, it was a good burger joint at the Red Rock, but overpriced and bad service so don't think I'll be back.
3	Food: 4Service: 2Atmosphere: 4I looked for the most unusual burger and settled on #6: Brie, Portobello, alfalfa sprouts, horseradish sauce, on a wheat bun, done "pink". Beef done just right, charred outside, pink inside, very tasty. But next time I'll try more traditional toppings: it just didn't work, especially the sprouts. Huge portion -- I couldn't finish it.Had the standard fries, which were hot ,crispy and seasoned just right.Unfortunately the service wasn't that good. Even though it was fairly empty, hostess wasn't that happy giving me a booth. Service was very slow, but friendly.Atmosphere was a relaxing change from the hectic casino. But the booth seat was too low, especially compared to the table (and I'm 6'). In fact, when I got up I noticed two casino chips that had fallen out of my pocket onto the seat. It could have been a more expensive experience than I planned!
4	I'm on a quest for the best burger in Vegas and I thought this might have been it. Well, not quite. They were good, don't get me wrong, just not OH MY GOD good. I had the blue cheese bacon burger with jalapenos....For me, a no onion eater, the jalapenos had onions mixed in with it. I asked the waitress to make sure no onions - don't you think she would have mentioned that little fact?! Regardless, I had to send it back. The burger was good though, good flavor, good buns, just lacked the oomph I was hoping for. My date had the cheese burger and said it was really good and I believe her - she knows her burgers. The fries were good, crispy. Had the house brew, not bad actually, mellow taste not bitter. Overall, I'd go back and give it another shot and this time won't order the jalapenos!
5	My brother was out here in Vegas a fews months ago and so since I was in town I decided to give it a try. The food, service and ambience was very good. Frankly I was very surprised that it was actually inside a hotel. Most hotel restaurants are so robotic with no service at all. I will definitly be back. Keep it up.
4	Very good, pricey for me but worth it if you win outside in the casino hehe.Service was weak as someone said, just seemed like all the workers were bored and wandering around while i had my empty drink sittin on the edge of the table. (Mouth was dry and my burger was gettin cold i needed refreshment!) My take was none of the employees seemed deserving to be there sry guys. 0 enthusiasm except the bartender was trying hard to please people.Comes to about 15-20 per burger and maybe 50 for 2 no dessert, who would have room?!3.5ish free bump to 4 since red rock slots actually paid for it
4	The sweet potato fries are just so good!  I live in Orange County, CA and I am craving some fries in Vegas!
5	Great sliders!! Went with two hungry 12 year olds after a baseball game and ordered the onion rings and cheese curds first and a 6 pack of sliders with a side of fries. We had to call in reinforcements to finish it all off!
5	hit this place again recently,  apparantly they changed the menu and lowered prices....it was great before   but now it is AWESOME!!!!much more affordable to visit on a regualr basis.  we started with some firecracker shrimp, buffalo wings and Ahi tuna sliders for the table to share.  the shrimp were lightly coated in a nice and spicy flour type crust (like fried chicken)  and a really well done cocktail sauce  A+  the buffalo wings were HUGE tender and juicy with an awesome bleu cheese dipping sauce (none of the crappy west coast ranch crap!!) A++  and the Ahi sliders were really good,  im not much for ahi unless its in sushi, but the ladies at the table loved them,  had a nice asian inspired slaw and spicy mayo on them B+ for entree i had the usual perfect burger,  which is SOOOO good.  gruyere cheese and good bacon just makes the burger sing!other entrees at the table were the california chicken sandwich, a cobb salad (that rivals the cobb salad at the four seasons verandah!!!) and steakhouse burger, and 2 kids slider entrees.everything was great,  service was super freindly and fun.  our beer and soda glasses never went empty! we had a party of 6 with 2 kids and they were more than accomidating,  great family place or a cool place to hand outby far the best burger joint in vegas, and the best prices!!!!
4	This is one of the best burgers I have ever had "very tasty". Fries were awesome and it even comes with dipping sauce. Also one of the best things on the menu is the Adult root beer float it, what makes it a adult drink is the little bit of Vanilla vodka it comes with. They also have Adult milk shakes that sound great.
2	I have tried this Burger spot probably 4 times and have had mixed experiences with service. If you sit at the bar you can almost always count on having instant and impressive service, but both times I have sat at a table, the server was a C+ both times. The turkey burger is under seasoned, but the bleu burger was pretty darn good- can't go wrong with blue cheese and bacon on a burger! Not a fan of shoe string fries, but they were good for what they were. They do have a good selection of beers and surprisingly good wings, so if you just want to catch a game and have an app and a beer, not a bad place do to in Red Rock, but wouldn't travel there to do so.Also whatever you do, DO NOT order a dirty martini here, awful!
3	Devoted to the ground round, LBS serves half-pound 21-day dry aged Organic Hereford New York/Sirloin patties with solid beef flavor. A little saltier and chewier than other gourmet burgers I've tried, and plenty sloppy, they do come on nice soft egg buns with several cheese options (goat, brie, pepperjack, gruyere) and other good add-ons like smoked bacon.In all honesty, those who think this place is awesome...need to try some of the other burgers in the same price range in town (though there's nothing else on this level in Summerlin, of which I'm aware anyhow)
1	I came here for the vegi burger. it sucked. It was mush. I had heard online this place had a good vegi burger- I am a flexaterian, meaning I don't eat meat everyday and I was looking forward to this as a break.The hostess made us wait forever to be seated, she said it would take 15-20 minutes and it was more like 30-45min.The waiter was nice and good, service was fine, it was just lacking in the vegi burger department really.Next time if i come here we'll order the burgers.I'm still on the hunt for a great vegi burger in Vegas....
4	4.5 starsSame as before...the "Perfect burger" is definitely pretty much perfect. Juicy, thick, flavorful...*drool*I took off a half a star because my friends and I were stuffed in a 4 seater table and there was 6 of us. It's not their fault they were crowded, good sign the food is great, but my experience was a little marred. But I still love LBS...it is the reason I started loving burgers. I owe them my gratitude for making me realize that burgers are more than the dry commercialized burgers Im used to having.
4	In for a quick bite I found myself starting off with the pretzel bite appetizers and the plain jane burger. The burger came out cooked to perfection with good ingredients, some people would think because a burger doesn't have cheese its plain, this was far from it. The service was good and management came to followup.Note: This place does not take Red Rock gift cards, they are independently owned.
4	These burgers were amazing! So many different choices and you can even build your own. There is a great selection of appetizers too. Any place with cheese curds and fried pickle chips is cool in my book, then add on mini corn dogs and get coolness points through the roof! I have to admit, I was a little worried about paying $15 for a burger, but it was well worth it. I tried the beef burger with brie, mushrooms and sprouts. It was fabulous! They also have turkey burgers and veggie burgers. I thought about trying the veggie burger, but when in Rome . . . The best part was when we got the check and noticed the flier for happy hour; M-F, 3:00 - 6:00, All food and draft beers half off! Now, we were there on Sunday, but we had to ask just to be sure "Does this include 1/2 off the burgers?!" The answer . . . YES!! We went back the very next day to partake in the goodness all over again!
1	Worst service we have ever had anywhere.  Went in were told there was a wait which is fine but then the hostess forgot we were waiting and sat people before us...We were sat and the waitor took our drink orders which was only water and root beer...waitor messed up the order.  Then it took him forever to come back, finally he took our food order.  We waited an hour for our food, people who ordered before us received their food and we didn't order anything complicated.Then when the waitor dropped our food and left we had no napkins, so my husband had to go track someone down to get napkins only to realize we also didn't have silverware.  So he went up to the hostess and said to please send the manager over we just wanted to explain our frustration.  The manager never came.  We were given a comment card in our bill but no pen to fill it out. I did fill out the comment card (I had a pen), and couldn't wait any longer we left and on the way out told the hostess that the manager never came....her response "OOPS"  We will never ever ever go back, worst service ever!!!
5	I love lbs. Love the happy hour and the service. The service is excellent. Amy, Catherine, Steve, and Ryan are fantastic. Everyone is so happy and pleased to see my wife and I. It's my favorite at red rock casino. Definetly a must visit. The food is great. Awesome selection of apps and burgers.  I am a regular customer and can't get enough of this place. BRAVO  Five stars.
2	We heard about it on the Fox5 news one morning and decided to give it a shot. we haven't been to the Burger Bar at Mandalay yet and wanted to see what the newer place had to offer first. Since the news team gave this place rave reviews, we figured it would be worth the trip to Red Rock Casinos to try it out.We walked in and noticed this interesting decor comprised of dark wood floors and black furniture. The light fixtures are nouveau and very clean, and the ceiling is made of license plates. It's quite an interesting place to eat, and we were excited to see the menu.They keep it simple, with one suggestion of burger called "The Perfect Burger", as well as other options and a build-your-own burger. They jokingly have a "Wish" burger for $125 dollars consisting of "a bun and wishing you had some meat". Very clever. The appetizers are true to a burger shop: chicken wings, onion rings, fries, and other goodies. They have milkshakes and service simple desserts of cupcakes, pie, and cheesecake.I ordered their perfect burger as is, going with my server's suggestion of "a little pink". Their meat is 21 day dry aged beef patties, although it doesn't state what type of meat it is. I assume by the taste and texture it was sirloin.Unfortunately the appetizers came out the same time as our meal, so we didn't finish out potato twister, which is a bunch of potato chips fried together in one clump. It's a potato version of monkey bread, and quite amusing to eat. Their fry sauce is nice and has just enough heat and sweetness. The burger is 1/2 pounds, so if you are a light eater, better order one for two people. At a price tag of 15.95, it is worth the money because the meat itself is juicier and tastes very good. You can tell the meat is prime.Here's the sad part--the perfect burger comes with a lot of toppings, so if you are one to eat a burger for the flavor of the meat, do not order this. The guyere cheese is good, the applewood smoked bacon cooked perfect, and the onion relish is slightly sweet and smoky. It overpowered everything the meat has to offer, and when you are out to eat a dry-aged prime beef patty, you don't want the extras to drown the taste of the meat itself. Although it's a good burger, it was too much for my tastebuds and the meat was lost in the relish and cheese. I ended up pulling the patty out and eating it by itself to enjoy that dry aged goodness.We also ordered chicken fingers that were refried. I know most people cannot tell, but I can, and the refrying dried out one of the strips and took out a good part of its coating--and they still served it to us.We took a doggie bag to look nice, but threw it out immediately outside of the restaurant. It wasn't worth the 60 dollar price tag for lunch.Fair food, good tasting patty, but with the fixings and that house sauce, it's murders the beef--and that beef is the reason why you pay 15 dollars a burger.If you are the type to love the meat, don't eat anything but a plain patty inbetween their egg bun. If you like those neat toppings, it's a place for you. I hate to say this, but as a lover of red meat, this place made me sad. I feel that they don't know just how great they have it with their prime beef patties, and I feel like they don't appreciate their customers because their decor says it all--posh. If I wasn't dressed the way that I was, I may have received better service.I'll pay 15 dollars for a great burger, but not here. Not at LBS ever again.But you should try it for the experience
4	Came in, as usual on Friday night for happy hour. Excellent service even though restaraunt was very busy. There was a problem with or food but they took great care in making it right. That's the only complaint about LBS is the kitchen. The food sometimes comes out wrong. However they fix any problem very fast. Management is awesome here. Any problem they are on top of it. Thanks Amy, Catherine and Mark. If you decide to stop by I suggest sitting at the bar. Steve and Amy will take great care of you. I am a very regular patron as it might sound. This place is a must eat.
5	Went in for happy hour once again. Food was awesome. Sliders and wings were great. Aaron the chef really out did himself tonite. As usual the service at the bar was fantastic. Amy does a great job. Basically u get smothered with service. And that's definately a good thing from a restaraunt. Bravo once again.
5	The prospect of a slightly more gourmet burger joint seemed appealing, and when I saw the beer selection I knew I had to try this place.  I had the steakhouse burger with a Boddington's on one visit and the chicken fingers and a fat tire on the second.  Both occasions were awesome.  I hope to go back soon.
5	Came in for early dinner. It was wonderful. Melissa loved the beef sliders and I had the turkey sliders. Everything was incredible. Justin does a great job handling the bar. Wonderful beer selection here as well.
2	LBS burger overall was forgettable. They have an afternoon happy hour we went for where their sliders, salads, and appetizers were half off. I'm a sucker for a deal, and super close to Red Rock...made sense at the time.Appetizers were the cheese curds (I've had better elsewhere-Big Dog's Draft House on Rancho for example). We also ordered pretzel bites that were served with mustard and cheese-not better than your average pretzel stand. There were also some form of potato chips as an appetizer we tried but they were forgettable.I actually ordered a cobb salad because everyone else ordered sliders. I tried a beef slider, and even with blue cheese, it did nothing for me. The turkey slider is average. Ahi slider was a nice idea, but executed much better elsewhere...for example, my kitchen.The cobb salad was surprising-there was a lemony taste to it that really threw me off. The whole thing was bland and it seemed like when they tossed it the salad was still wet...eew.Overall an underwhelming experience, I have had much better burgers elsewhere.
5	Came in for happy hour as usual and everything was top quality. Amy and steve really do a great job at the bar. They make you feel like family.  I love the mighty arrow pale ale, one of the best beers they have on draft. LBS is the best restaraunt at red rock. A must try in my book.
4	This place is clowning. If you're trying to get a good burger head to the Red Rock. It will not disappoint. Ditch BLT at the Mirage or the Burger Bar at Mandalay. Both are overpriced crap factories.LBS does a great, juicy burger with high quality meat. Great shakes too! I highly recommend the chocolate malt or black and white.
3	Yummy burgers!  Though I am not a fan of their use of alfalfa sprouts and sweet pickles, but just ask for it not to be included and they won't.  They changed the menu and got rid of sweet potato fries, my favorite.  Mostly, it's still all good.  Recently tried the ahi sliders and they were different but delish!
5	Went back again and still love the place. Opted for the Fried Cheesekurds and the Bleu Burger this time (bleu cheese, smoked bacon, grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, and pickles with horseradish sauce instead of mayo) and the sweet potato fries. I do love me some horseradish, so that was fantastic! And I think these are my all-time favorite sweet potato fries. Cooked perfectly, not too skinny, not too thick, and the sauce was yummy!!! We split the burger and were plenty full!   Our server was friendly, funny, and there exactly when we needed her.LBS is still a keeper!
5	Came in for happy hour. Excellent service as usual at the bar. Justin does an awesome job. All my food came out perfect. Couldn't ask for anything else.  Great job!!!
5	@LBSBURGER at Red Rock Casino #Vegas #nom good!!!With the Saloon style atmosphere and casual dress its a VERY cool Vibe just missing the peanut shells on the floor and the Live band!!My waiter looked like Seth Rogen!! The Service was outstanding-fast & friendly with flair:) The food was Great too. I ordered a Burger and some Potato Twists as you can see from the Photos  it was OUTSTANDING!! One of the BEST tasting burgers I have had and well worth the drive + price tag plus if your up for a challenge they have ONE of the BIGGEST and BADDEST in Town. I had the  STEAKHOUSE BURGER $13.00PEPPERCORN CRUSTED BEEF + GRILLED WILD MUSHROOMSWISS CHEESE + OVEN ROASTED TOMATO + MIX GREENSRED ONION MARMALADE + HORSERADISH-STEAK SAUCE#nom #soGood
1	I am very disappointed to here that the mini corn dogs are not on the menu anymore. These were one of the items that I came here for.  They are excellent. I would order them everytime I came in. They've been replaced by spinach and artichoke dip, not an item that should be served by a burger joint. Yuck!! Whynot add fried mac and cheese. Don't know what's going on with menu. Lbs burger is still a place to try. You'll always get great service here.
3	Came here for lunch recently.  Had the Perfect Burger - very good burger with toppings that were very interesting to me - red onion marmalade, smoked bacon, gruyere cheese, frisee salad, herb mayo, etc...  Very good burger - they cooked it perfectly, medium rare as ordered.  Sweet potato fries on the side were also very good - well cooked and crispy, cut thin, the way I like them.Good overall meal, a little on the higher end for burgers at about $20/person average, but the quality was there to support it.
4	We just came here for lunch recently and had the Perfect Burger - very tasty burger with toppings that were very interesting to me - red onion marmalade, smoked bacon, gruyere cheese, frisee salad, herb mayo, etc...
5	I love this place, it's my favorite new fancy style burger places around and I have been to a handful.  First of all I love the perfect burger, it's there signature item and it's delicious and at about 13 bucks with fries its almost half compared to any fancy burger place on the strip.  Most of there other burgers are under 11 bucks so it's close to a place like islands and I like it way better.  The burgers come out cooked how you ordered it as well.      For a sit down burger place you can't find a better balance of taste and price, even if it isn't fancy it's fun, interesting, and delicious.  The decor is cool too.  I like their mini corn dog appetizer and pretzel bites too.Like others have said skip BLT and Burger bar and come here.
2	Great burgers. Really great, but our waiter in a half empty restauraunt gave us our check before we half ate our food, didn't refill our sodas without begging and basically gave us the bums rush. Eat anywhere else at Red Rock if you want great food and decent service together.
4	So it seems like burgers are making a comeback with several "gourmet" burger spots and even slider truck rolling around town Las Vegas decided to finally embrace this bit of americana.  Good for us!  So I was hungry for a burger and thought I would check this place out.  When I got to the restaurant it was full and lively. It had a good atmosphere and the staff seemed both laidback and friendly. In fact when I walked in I noticed a large steer head mounted to the wall. This in and of it self is not too shocking as it matches a the rustic western decor but, it was bright red and lit up. One has to wonder what are they trying to tell me... Nothing here but, steers and... good burgers I hope.I opted to sit at the bar so I could turn around the meal quicker and the bartender (blonde female and I can't remember her name) was friendly and helpful. I decided to go with the steak-burger off their signature plates menu which was in the end a good choice.  The burger patty was big juicy and was crusted with peppercorns. It was topped off with mushrooms, swiss cheese, tomato, greens, red onion, and a horseradish sauce.  It tasted like a great steak and the horseradish sauce really came through. Funny enough the highlight came in after I took a few bites of the burger!  They serve fries with a dipping sauce on the side of all the burgers.  I have no idea what they put in the sauce but, it cant be legal.  Next time I am going to grab a regular burger and pour this all over it.  And ask for a second for my fries ;-) .All in all great, simple place, with great food, at reasonable prices. Definitely coming back and I don't hesitate to recommend it!
5	Definitely one of the best burgers i've ever had.  Homemade ketchup was fantastic.  Burger meat was even better.  I'm coming back to try the turkey & tuna burgers.
4	For a bar inside a casino this was a pretty damn good place! The burger and accoutrement were exquisite, and as listed. I ordered the Eggs and Bacon burger.... hard egg over easy with bacon, white cheddar cheese, homemade sauce and a side of sweet potato fries. The burger arrived medium rare, pink inside, as ordered and was juicy and delicious. There was enough food for two but there were still two guys in the back trying to knock off the Extreme Burger (6 patties high). Ugh!!!! Additionally, there was a good variety of beers on tap and friendly people at the bar to chat with.
5	Been here about 6 or 7 times.... only ever ordered one thing... The Perfect Burger.  Never had the need to try anything else.  It's freaking delicious.  The onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, frissee....  just typing this makes me want one.  They use aged beef...  order it pink and expect a juicy, perfectly cooked, taste sensation.  You can ask them to pepper coat the patty on any burger.... definitely recommended for some nice extra spice.  WAYYYY better than anything at Burger Bar...  I think it's the best burger in Vegas.  We usually try to go during Happy Hour (3-6) when it's half off...  but it's totally worth full price.  And definitely filling.   Fries are good... although a bit on the salty side.  Fry sauce is tasty...  luckily my friend doesn't use it... so I get his too.  Man I need to get back here soon
5	I heard about LBS from a friend and I was very excited to hear that they had mini corn dogs. Unfortunately when we got there they had discontinued serving mini corn dog appetizers. After looking over the menu I decided on the Steakhouse burger.  This is everything you could want from a true steakhouse burger. Probably one of the most flavorful burgers I have ever ate. Perfect mixture of flavors. Highly recommend anyone who is searching for a great burger to go here. Great atmosphere and a great meal.
4	Lbs was awesome. I have no complaints, i love their veggie burger, the sweet potato fries were bomb, and their beer selection perfect for the atmosphere. Not to mention watching people take the 6 patty challenge. That was fun, and now i am hungry!
4	Went there after spending the day at the spa and was very pleased to see they served Lambic Framboise.Had the spinach dip & chips for a starer and that was perfect then had the slider samplers. One turkey, one beef, one ahi tuna. They were all yummy. The ahi was a bit spicy but that a good thing.I will be back for sure!Oh and the service was great!
5	The wife and I visited Las Vegas this weekend and LBS was one of our favorite places to eat. The burgers were truly cooked to order, huge and very tasty. Very good beer selection with some locals brews to try. Our servers were Tara,  Amber and Tiffany. We found them to be warm welcoming and very knowledgeable about both the food and beer they were serving.
1	I am by far the most regular patron at LBS. Came in on 7/16 for happy hour as usual.  And I am really disappointed with the execution in the kitchen.  The food is spectacular as well as the service in the dining room. But if your food doesn't come out the way you order nothing else matters. The place has really gone downhill and that upsets me because I like the everything about this place. Too many people are focused on opening cosmo and forgetting where they started. Hopefully somebody reads this and does something about it. Make it seem like you actually give a shit!!!!
4	Been here a few times and every time I leave satisfied.  The decor is really nice.  It's dark which I like the booths are a bit low but comfortable.  The burgers are really good.  The last time I was there I tried the El Caliente Burger and it was great.  A bit messy but great none the less.  If your in the mood for a quality burger that comes with a pretty chill atmosphere LBS is a great place.  I most definitely will be back.
4	Went there for dinner last night with friends. The food was good. The service was great. The place was kind of empty. In fact the casino was pretty empty too I had the steak burger. It was very good. I like burgers with alot of peppercorns. There was a little too many other toppings. I took off the tomatoes and spinach leaves. We also had the potato twisters. Yum. All in all a good time with good food. I would go back.
4	Not that this is the end all be all places to be and be "scene" but good food, rockin' beer selection, excellent service and a decent price.  Not gonna blow your mind value, but great burgers, great service and delicious beers in a cool atmosphere.  Tempted to give it 3 stars but my server was so good gotta give it 4.  The Chipotle Ranch dressing served with the fries should be bottled and sold!  So YUM!  I will definitely eat here again.
3	This is a review of their happy hour.The Skinny: turkey sliders delivers one hot bird injection but its still hard to overlook the so-so sauces and toppings  (3.5), service: great for a burger joint (5), value: pretty good for a happy hour - 2 plates of sliders, salad, diet coke, a side of fries and fried zucchini = $22 excluding tip (4).My hubby and I were eager to come try their happy hour where the appys, salads and sliders are 50% OFF. Our server was great, taking the time to explain the specials, refilling our drinks and making sure we were well taken care of. I'm not sure what his name was except his shirt said "Junior" on it. Shout out for being an awesome server!We tried their fried zucchini, french fries, salad, a order of turkey and beef sliders. Most of the items were well prepared but my main problem was the mediocre sauce pairings. The zucchini were nice and crisp with a good cornmeal type coating. However the slightly spicy sauce was not that great. A nice ranch dressing would have been better.The salad was a pretty standard balsamic vinegar salad with pretty good ingredients - my only complaint was the slight over mealy tomatoes. French fries were okay while they were hot and retained some crispness. However, once they cooled, they became soggy and slightly greasy very quickly. The special fries sauce was bland and not that interesting.Now on to the sliders: both sliders had a good patty to bun ratio. With regards to toppings, just wished they had grilled/fried onions as an option. The turkey sliders had a lovely juiciness to them. (Literally, one big bird injection in the mouth... heh heh heh) However, despite the wonderful texture of the patty, it was definitely underseasoned. The accompanying herb mayo didn't help either - bland upon bland. Not to mention the toppings of cucumber and alfalfa sprouts cannot stand up to a warm patty (the cucumber once warm becomes slimy, the alfalfa becomes wilted).The beef sliders were okay not great. The patty was not nearly as juicy as the turkey burger but was better seasoned. The "LBS" sauce was a little smokey ketchup - nothing special. Again, the burger could have used a better topping than just a pickle and the aforementioned sauce.I can't help but compare this place with the newly opened Yardhouse's sliders and happy hour specials. I would say if you took into account the service, the ambience and the wait times, I would definitely favour LBS over Yardhouse for happy hour.
4	If you get a chance to check this place out it is worth it.  It is very small and at times you feel a little cramped but the food is GREAT! My personal favorite at this location is the Sweet Potato Fries.   They taste like candy!  I usually order the Turkey Burger with a Whole Wheat bun.  Gotta love this place.   At Red Rock Casino, it is a waaaaaays from anything you might be familiar with in Las Vegas but it is one of the best sit-down burger joints you'll find.
3	This place is solid, but not amazing. The sweet potato fries are very good. The burgers are solid, and the milk shakes are ok. I'm a milkshake lover so I'm sure I'm biased.  But the food is good, the service is solid, and the prices are reasonable. But nothing really glows about the place.  I'd recommend it for happy hour or something where you get a better deal. But I think when I went to Smashburger down the street, I had just as good a meal for a bit less money.
2	Grease is the word here, grease yuck.  Maybe I came at the wrong time or picked the wrong thing to eat but OMG soggy fries and buns with dry crunchy beef is just not my style.  The place looks pretty cool with a country-biker like theme.  Loved the lace inlay on the glass looking out to the casino and the booth was just as squishy as warned, but the lack of decent food will keep me away.  I love food and have the body to prove it but trust me, if I push it away...it's not edible.
4	I've been to this burger joint located in Red Rock a few times, and it is always a good burger. According to the waiter, they use ground ribeye to make their meat patties. The seasoning they used in the patty is excellent, and really accentuates the beef taste. They have several side options, from regular fries, to sweet potato fries, to homemade chips. They each come with their fry sauce, which seems like some sort of spicy ranch. It is pretty good. It does lose a star because there is only two ways to get your meat cooked: pink, or no pink. There is no "a little pink" option.
5	All of the food is organic and you can really taste the difference in the meat. I can appreciate a restaurant that cares about the environment as well as their customers. Even the  to-go boxes are biodegradable. I also learned that they are locally owned and operated. No big corporation feeling in this joint.  I'll be back :)
3	A buddy and I were out for a wild night on the town (now that I'm a mom any time I'm out past 8pm constitutes a "wild" night) and ended up here for a pre-drinks dinner.  It seems to be the only moderately priced restaurant in Red Rock (one that isn't fast food but isn't $30+ for entrees).  I had the sampler plate of sliders and a plate of onion rings.  Buddy had the Smokehouse burger and fries.  Ok, so I know sliders are supposed to be small but these sliders were miniscule.  I could finish one in about two medium sized bites.  Seriously.  If I really tried, I could've maybe fit an entire one in my mouth.  And no matter what others may say, my mouth is not that big.   :P  So I had to pace myself and take tiny bites because I didn't want to be done before my friend was even a quarter of the way through her burger.  Taste:Sampler plate of sliders - C+  - Beef: Best of the three.  A good combination of patty, sauce, and grilled onion.- Turkey: Normally I love turkey burgers.  This one was just meh.  The meat was overcooked and too dry so it was hard to taste anything else.- Ahi Tuna: Interesting to taste it in a burger form.  The big bun outweighed delicate tuna.  Could barely taste the tuna.Onion rings - B+Perfectly crisp.  Just a tiny bit greasy.  Portion was huge compared to the sliders.Smokehouse burger - A-Friend LOVED it.  Finished the entire thing.  Might be the most I've seen her eat.  Ever.Fries - BHer burger came with fries which I had the pleasure of stealing.  Good fries.  But not particularly memorable.Service - C-Even though the restaurant was practically empty everything took a really long time.  Our waiter seemed distracted and was not very attentive.If I ever go back I'll order a proper burger and try the warm pretzel sticks.  Who can resist pretzel dipped in cheese???
5	LBS Burger is a great addition to the burger community of Las Vegas. The biggest attractions of this place are definitely the aged meat and ambiance.First, LBS Burger looks like an irish pub combined with a steampunk man cave, VERY AWESOME. The tables against the wall are close to plush leather and add to the awesome, dark lit, classic rock ambiance. I sort of feel at home with the decor and staff...reminiscent of the Hard Rock moniker of "love all, serve all" with the fellow tattooed and pierced.Next, the burgers get my vote for best in Las Vegas. The aged beef takes the burger over the threshold from great to outstanding. Burgers taste like an aged steak: light earthiness, soft bite, and the burger buns are fluffy. I suggest ordering a bacon bleu cheese burger with onion rings, perfect mix of savory and sweet. Also try the adult milkshakes, very awesome.Service is friendly, quick, and pointed my party in the right direction when it came to suggestions.I definitely recommend this place to EVERYONE!! Please check this place out simply for the look of the place, stay for the burgers, and it helps that they have Yelp specials constantly.
4	The steakhouse burger was really great.
5	Good lord these burgers are good!  I like classic foods with a twist, and they supply.  I can't remember what burger it was, but I know it had brie, sprouts, and horseraddish...YES.  As far as service, nothing was exceptional because I can't exactly remember it....thinking too much about my awesome edibles.  And I love the way it's decorated, very inspiring.  Five stars!
4	Not only does LBS have an amazing decor, but they have great food and cold beer!  You walk in and are mesmerized by the cowboy/boudoir/irish pub feeling and just have to sit at the bar!  They have a great hefeweisen on tap and the sliders are to die for!  I have had everything from the zucchini fries to the turkey burger and the southwest chicken salad- happy every time!  Great for Summerlin locals, and right in the beautiful Red Rock Casino!  Give it a try!
4	LBS is nice casual atmosphere. Fast and friendly service. Yummy burgers! I really like the Smokehouse burger and the onion rings. Their burgers are big enough to share with a friend but when I'm hungry, I could finish it by myself...this place is worth a try.
4	Giant, juicy burgers. Had the special "Heart Attack" with bacon and cheese wiz.
3	These guys have a pretty rockin' happy hour and decent burgers. We tried the slider samplers and they were fair. The turkey burger with sprouts was gross. The beef slider was fair and the ahi slider with cole slaw was terrific. Lots of beer and burgers to choose from. One of the better places in the hotel. Decent service, good attitudes from the servers and fair food.
1	I am hoping they have changed their meat in the burgers, because when I ate there it was one of the worst hamburgers I have ever had.  Everyone at the table sent their food back.  The meat tasked rancid.
4	I've been to LBS a handful of times and its a pretty good burger place.However, last night we went and it was about a 30 minute wait for our group of 4 (typical for a Friday night, so no problem) but after we placed our order, with the ditsy waitress, it seemed to take about an hour.  On top of which, she messed up our drinks and forgot our drinks on more than one occasion.  She also messed up my burger order.  I only asked for no LBS sauce!  When she saw that it had it on there, she offered to re-fire the burger, which I declined and she then said it was the kitchens fault not hers.  I wish I caught her name because she was annoying and horrible.That was only one occasion out of like 5.The following are some of the things we have had in the past:Apps:-Potato Twisters: gourmet potato chips is the best way to describe it.  It comes with their "fry sauce" which is chipotle ranch.- Fried Cheesekurds: the only reason we had this was at the recommendation of our server.  Don't do it.Burgers:- Bleu Burger: Bleu cheese, Smoked Bacon, Grilled Onion, Herb Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato & Pickles.My husband loves bleu cheese and he says that it is really good.  He is very picky and changes the onions to crispy onions and no lettuce, tomato or pickles.- Sampler Plate of the 3 sliders: Beef, Turkey and Ahi Tuna.  The beef is the best.  Turkey was a little dry, but it comes with mayo, sprouts and cucumber, which is a good mix.  Ahi Tuna was good with the mayo, slaw and teriyaki sauce.- Do it Yourself Burgers: pick however you want your burger made.  Can't get better than that.The buns for their burgers are delicious.  They are soft and have great flavor.  It's like the perfect bun for a burger.Their fries and sweet potato fries are really good.  The fry sauce is good with the fries.They have something called LBS sauce = their ketchup.Next time I really want to try a shake.  They look yummy!Their cocktails are a bit expensive.  I ordered a cosmo for $10.50 and it came in a tiny glass.  It really should have been no more than $5.00.  They have good beers that always taste good with the burgers.If you want a gourmet burger this is the place to go inside Red Rock.
1	I came here for my birthday and it was not the best way to celebrate. The best part of the meal was the drinks which still did not make up for the hair that was threaded through the soft pretzel I had eaten... Service was pretty slow and nobody acknowledged the hair. One of my dining companions also discovered that their napkin was used. The burgers were okay but nothing to write home about since Vegas has a LOT of great places to find a specialty burger. Would probably not come back here.
4	A really great burger place with a ton of beers.  Some interesting sliders, pretzel bites, and great staff.  Snag a chair at the bar if you can.
4	One of my good friends LOVES this place. So, I make the long drive every time she comes to town and the veggie burger is really worth it. (So is she) If you're vegan, it's not made with egg, you're safe there. I get the Plain Jane version which comes with  LBS burger sauce, (ketchup, not mayo based) spicy mustard, lettuce, red onion, tomato and pickles. The pickles are slightly sweet which I'm usually not a fan of but they really work with this burger. The patty itself is a bit squishy, even when ordered well done, but that's to be expected and it's not so squishy that it's spilling all over your hands. The taste, however, is amazing and that's what counts.Fried cheese curds are always a hit with my group. The potato twisters are tasty too. A plateful of fried, herbed potato tumbleweeds. What could be bad?LBS also has a pretty good beer selection if you enjoy an adult beverage. My friend is flying in from Belgium soon and I can't wait to take another trip to the west side for veggie burgers, fries and beers! Truly American.
4	Strolled into LBS Burger on a busy Saturday night.  It appeared as if they were running close to full capacity, probably around 85%-90%.  We were a party of two and immediately seated.An up-beat food server promptly addressed our table, took our drink order, and expeditiously returned with two glasses of water.  Soon after, our cocktails arrived.We started off with an order of spicy chicken wings.  When presented, the eight jumbo wings were still steaming from being pulled from the frier.  The spicy/tangy aroma of buffalo wing sauce filled the air.  The wings were crispy on the outside, but extremely moist on the inside.  We lathered them up with ranch (originally served with bleu cheese) and devoured them.Our entrees included the Plain Jane and the Seared Ahi Salad.  The burger was ordered well and was very tasty.  The bun was not overwhelming and the spicy mustard gave it great taste.The Ahi salad looked good.  I did not taste it, but the other guest in my party enjoyed it, except for the fact that it was lightly sprinkled with green onions, which was not in the description. Overall, the food and service were great.  We were in and out in 45 minutes, in time to meet other arrangements.  I would definitely return.
3	Located in one of the more hip and swanky station casinos, Red Rock. I have been here a few times now for lunch and dinner. I do love their bench seats that seem to sink like quick sand and the rustic/tavern feel makes for an inviting kinda classy haven."Snacks":Zucchini Fries with roasted red pepper aioli dip: thick finger sticks of breaded zucchini was okay and typical. The dip was interesting.Potato Twisters with fry sauce (& "Cardiac Style" version - comes with chili and cheese): These are Awesome and Intimidating! It comes in a tower of a thin sprial of potato thats been gently fried. These can easily be shared by 3-4 people. Ask to have it "Cardiac Style" and they pour chili and cheese on top, it's Pretty darn tasty!Hand-Cut French Fries with fry sauce: better than average, sauce is great, resembles some sort of thousand island/ranch sauce?..Sweet Potato Fries with fry sauce: not that sweet, not that tasty either.. A little boring to me..Buttermilk Onion Rings with fry sauce: Their onion rings here are a Must! They are nearly Perfect! The breading is key!"LBS Burgers":* The Burger Patties in each of the following burgers weren't for light eaters, at least 1/3lb of Juiciness. Buns are big as well, proportioned well with everything else and tasted quite good. Plain Jane: lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickles, lbs burger sauce + spicy mustard = 2.5/5 Stars, Plain Jane.. Need I say moreBacon N' Eggs: fried egg, smoked bacon, white cheddar, lettuce, tomato, red onion, lbs burger sauce + spicy mustard = 3.5/5 Stars, I'm a sucker for eggs and burger!Frenchie: brie cheese, grilled mushroom, lettuce, alfalfa sprouts + horseradish cream = 3/5 Stars, I love Brie cheese and its not available at most burger joints!Smokehouse: white cheddar, bbq sauce, smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion rings + pickles = 3.5/5 Stars, classic 'Western BBQ' burger"Signature" - The Perfect Burger: all natural beef, gruyere cheese, herb mayo, smoked bacon, lbs burger sauce, frissee oven roasted tomato + red onion marmalade = 2.5/5 Stars, too many things going on that didn't blend well to me..Everytime I've dined here, I never get that 4 or 5 Star Factor from their Burgers.. Always been just short of something??..Flavor wise. Service was always decent, Prices on the steep side in regards to Taste. There are just too many other places that are Better..
4	I've been to LBS twice now, most recently 2 weeks ago on a Friday night.  If you have a larger group like we did (there were 5 of us), you can usually expect to have to wait for a table -- our wait was 45 minutes.  But it gave us time to work up our appetites :)I think the burgers here are pretty good -- they're HUGE! My favorite is the smokehouse burger, smothered in BBQ sauce, cheese, onion rings and bacon.  I tried the turkey burger, which was super moist, and got a wheat bun (it's nice to have a choice).  Fries are decent (not as good as Smashburger though, I'll admit) and the burgers are served with a very generous amount of fries on the side.  For $12, you definitely get a lot of food!Our server was really friendly and attentive and our food came exactly as ordered, which was great because when I say no pickles, I really mean NO pickles :) Overall, this place is a good choice when you're in the mood for a burger; they have some unique burgers on the menu and a variety of non-burger items as well.  The atmosphere is energetic (partly because it's in the casino) but the masculine interior still feels kind of cozy since the restaurant isn't that big.  I'm sure I'll be back to LBS again and hope you try it too!
1	DISGUSTING veggie burger and the worst service of any burger joint - fast food included! They RUINED my birthday dinner!Six of us went because my uncle and I wanted to combine our birthday dinners. We had a table right up front and had terrible service from the start. The bartender had to seat us and get our drink order. Then we got to hear him chew out the hostess and waitress for leaving the floor without telling anyone. My mom told the waitress it was our birthday and she said they don't "do birthday stuff". Cool story, bro. Skip to the food FINALLY arriving. I got the veggie burger. It tasted like mashed peas and was burnt. I literally took one bite and focused on the fries. Everyone else got custom burgers. However, they came smothered in minced caramelized onions and ketchup. Literally smothered. No one took more than two bites. We tried getting out waitress' attention to get them remade but she vanished again. The food was so bad that we went upstairs and had room service. Upon checkout, I told them about how bad LBS ruined my birthday dinner. He comped the room service from that night and let me know who to contact about LBS being so terrible. Never heard back from them, though..
3	The meat and the fries were pretty good, but I'm not a big fan of the relish on my burger.  I asked for crisp bacon, but it was "crisped" to within an inch of it's life. There was an acidic component somewhere that I think was the avocado which was more like a guacamole. The booths were more like sitting in a sinking couch where if I was watching TV, that would be great. I will likely go back.
5	I've tried about four burgers on the menu, have not been dissapointed yet, and sweet potatoe fries are great !
5	I can't believe I never wrote a review of this place!!!  I've been here quite a few times.  Simply put....the perfect burger is probably the greatest hamburger I've ever had.  On occasion, I have strayed from the perfect burger and tried something else on the menu....the bracket burger...bacon and eggs...El Caliente...all good but nothing beats perfection.  Gruyere cheese, herb mayo, smoked bacon, red onion marmalade and an over roasted tomato..drooooool.Sucks they don't include half off entrees during happy hour anymore but I'm not going to complain.  They also used to have a larger beer menu but no big whoop there either.  Get a beer from Yard House to go!!Used the yelp check-in special which gave us an order of twisters.  Can you say potato overload???  Impossible to finish everything.
4	If you're looking for a good burger, this is the place to eat. I've been to LBS a couple times with my boyfriend and, although the service was a little slow the first time, it was friendly and the food was great.Atmosphere: Very laid back. Not too loud. There are a few televisions which generally have sports on. The ceiling is done in license plates as are sections of the wall. The booths are cushy and leather and line one side of the restaurant while there are tables down the center and the bar is to the left as one walks in. The waitstaff sports shirts that look like they've been lifted from truckers.Food: The place is known for their twister which is like a Godzilla-sized ribbon of connected potato chip. It comes with a creamy, slightly spicy dip which really brings the flavor to the party. After appetizers, you have your choice of burger - build your own or choose one of the predefined combinations. LBS certainly doesn't slouch on the flavor combinations. Last visit, I had the Frenchie which comes with horseradish, wild mushrooms, sprouts, and brie. You can also get your burgers in turkey or veggie if beef isn't your style. I asked for mine medium more on the pink side and that is exactly what I received. The fanciness of the food is an interesting and unexpected counterpoint to the ambience, but both are done well. The only potential gripe I might have is the portion sizes are ridiculous, I can never finish what I order and the price runs between $11-15 for a burger and fries. They do have sweet potato fries though and I'm a sucker for those. The only way they could be better is if they had the maple bacon sauce from Yardhouse for dipping.Overall, this is a solid place. If the portions were a little more reasonable or a little less expensive and if their hours weren't wonky (they tend to close early), it would have been a 5 for me. Really, I'd even bump it to 4 1/2 if I could. Definitely worth the trip.
3	Yep, it's another burger review. Why? Because I'm convinced they serve burgers in heaven.So I've been wanting to try LBS since it opened a while ago, but today was the first time I had a chance to get to go. First off, when they say "Be careful, our booths are kinda low," they're not kidding. They're comfy, but you need a grappling hook to get out, especially after the food.There's a Yelp bonus, if you check in you get free "Twisters." These are twisted homemade potato chips. It's really good, but it's a meal-ruiner. Appetize with caution.I thought the food was very good. I got a barbecue-style burger (BBQ sauce, onion rings, bacon, etc) and it was really tasty. Good sauce. Went for the whole wheat bun, and it wasn't all that soft, but it wasn't terrible. Elite Emily went for the El Caliente. I'm not saying the food was bad; it was actually quite good, but we had fallen prey to the appetizer, so half of the burger came home with me.Accoutrements: Skinny fries. Meh. The onion rings were quite good. No room for dessert, though.It was good overall, and nothing to scoff at. However, if you can make it to the Strip, I still think Holstein's at The Cosmopolitan or Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay is better. But if you're in the West End or Summerlin and don't feel like driving to the Strip, this is a good option.Just watch out for Twisters!
3	I was craving a burger so I headed down to LBS with my O.G. Ryan B.We noticed a check-in offer and immediately started noshing on our free order of Twister Potatoes. These were fantastic, oily salty potatoes from heaven. If only they didn't totally ruin my appetite before my burger even came out. I ordered the Caliente with onion rings and my dining companion ordered his burger with the skinny fries, so that we could sample both options. I was big fan of my rings. Delicious. My burger was cooked perfectly and there was just the right amount of heat. I do wish that the patty was slightly less salty and that the bottom bun didn't get so soggy, which made it a little hard to eat with my hands. I ended up just eating my patty with a knife and fork, since I was already feeling super full from the Twisters. Definitely an ok burger and I'd recommend it if you're in the area, just don't make a special trip.
3	After visiting the Red Rock Canyon we decided what better than to drop by the Red Rock Hotel and Casino right in the area.We came to this restaurant to grab some burgers. The burgers were prepared exactly to my liking and the sliders we ordered were very good too. The sweet potato fries were very crunch outside and tender inside... just the way we like it. We came during their happy hour so the appetizers and drinks were half price. How can you beat that?! The server was very attentive and came back several times to make sure everything was good.I would definitely be back for more!
1	I have been wanting to try LBS for a while, but living on the other side of the valley rarely affords me the opportunity to head out to Summerlin.I planned a couple nights stay at Red Rock and decided to finally try LBS.My friend and I were seated right away even though the place was rather busy being Friday night. I ordered the smokehouse burger with potato twisters. I seem to remember specifying the burger be medium well. I could only eat half of the burger even though I had not eaten since breakfast. The burger just seemed to be too greasy. The bottom bun looked and tasted like it had been dipped in the grease trap.About 4 hours later while at the concert I start to get the cold sweats and start shivering. The prior evening I had seen the movie Bridemaids, so I could not get the scene after the Brazilian BBQ out of my head. My stomach was in full rejection mode and luckily for me I had not been drinking alcohol otherwise their would have been a different ending... literally.Well the intestinal distress finally cleared up after 2 days in a fetal position.On a positive note make sure you try the potato twisters, which would really be good if they server them covered in garlic and grated parmesan.Oh and the service was great
4	I've been to LBS burger a few times and it gets better each time. The burgers are a little salty, but not so much so that it's bad. The sliders are really just mini burgers and they taste better than the big boy burgers. Maybe it's just less salt. I'm not a fry guy, but the fries are great. Go during happy hour for half price apps and $4 (good) draft beers. Perfect for a later lunch or early dinner. I paid $13 for 2 orders of sliders (one to go) and a shiner. Great excuse to use my red rock comps!
3	Small place, but it was busy.Hostess was great, helped us out with our large last minute party.Our waiter (Tomas), was attentive and did a good job.Yelp check in offer rocked, the table swarmed the Potato Twisters, they were really good. I love fresh made chips, I'd go back just for those. I could do shots of their Fry Sauce.I got the Perfect Burger, medium, it was good, cooked perfectly. I guess I was expecting more, it just didn't  Wow! me.  It seemed a little greasy. I loved the roasted tomato and herb mayo (of course). Subbed out the fries for the Onion Rings, they were big and crunchy, not greasy, the onion didn't pull out when you bite it, thats a big test that they passed with flying colors.Everyone seemed to like their food, but no one did the " MMMM! roll the eyes, this is sooo good" move. So that tells me alot. I got to sample my friends Sweet Potato Fries, they were good, crisp, not soggy or greasy.I agree it's not worth a special trip, but if your in the area and want a burger, give it a try.
5	Excellent burgers, some of the best I've ever had.  Service was fast & friendly.  Fries were amazing, very well seasoned, and you're given a generous portion.  My burger had some kind of unique mushrooms, can;t quite remember, and an onion marmalade, as well as horseradish.  All of this made for a unique flavor, but it didn't detract from the burger flavor.  They cooked it medium rare properly, and even the bun was very good.  I highly recommend it if you want an amazing burger.
4	We really enjoy the food here. We love the twisters appetizer and the onion rings...wow the onion rings...yummy.  My only complaint is the crazy booths...very uncomfortable trying to get in and out of them.
3	After reading some great reviews, and getting a personal recommendation, I finally tried this place. We arrive around 6 on a Saturday night, and didn't wait long.Issue 1: We asked for a booth, but we literally SANK into it. My 6'2 boyfriend looked like a child sitting across from me because he was sitting so low. We promptly asked to be moved to a table. This was WEIRD. Don't you think they would fix the booths, or make the tables lower, or SOMETHING? Issue 2: We asked for our burgers to be medium. To me that means a little pink... when our burgers arrived both were definitely medium rare, and VERY pink. We were fine with them, but it's definitely not what we ordered. Issue 3: My man orders the potato twists (or whatever they are called on the menu) - we were never told what they were, so we both assumed they were curly fries. Definitely not - more like curly potato chips. They were good, but he ended up eating all MY fries cause that's what he really wanted. On the plus side, we didn't pay for these cause we "checked in" and they were comped. Issue 4: The final bill was a little more than we expected. For burgers, I'd expect to pay around $30ish... we walked out paying $54 (NO alcohol, including tip). For $54, I could have gone some place nicer.Great Things about this place:The burgers had GREAT flavor, and unique options. You can order any burger chicken, beef, or vegetarian, which is a nice option. They have sweet potato fries which are my FAVORITE, and the fry sauce rocked.  Just be aware that you won't walk out of this place for under $50.... otherwise the meal was alright.
4	Similar to Burger Bar but with lower prices. Good thick burger cooked to order. Good service but we were given cold fries that had to be sent back. New order came promptly and were fresh. Didn't really love the western themed atmosphere but to each their own.
2	My husband and I went last night on 7/29/11 during the 1/2 price happy hour.     The place was really busy and noisy.     This is the first time I ever saw them crowded.       We were seated right away.    My husband ordered the classic burger with fries and I ordered the egg, bacon, cheddar cheese burger.    I told the server, no mustard.   When asked how I wanted my burger,   I said "medium rare" and he answered "it's either pink or not pink.      To me he seemed kind of annoyed, but he still was on the pleasant side.      When the burgers arrived,   I asked him again are you sure they had no mustard and he assured me they were without mustard.   (They were also without the cheese too, but he didn't come back.  ) The burgers were nice sized, but they were not that hot.  The outside was very dark and the inside kind of pink.    They were also totally dry, not juicy at all.     Perhaps they were not made to order.    The flavor was good and I cut them in half.    The fries were very skinny and tasty and the dipping sauce very good.     However, I still prefer the Yard house just down the way at Red Rock.   Their burgers were really juicy!    I would NEVER pay full price for these burgers at LBS Burgers
5	I love this place! Like it states best burgers period! The perfect burger is AMAZING and the service is always excellent thanks Thomas! If your ever inside of Red Rock definently check out their menu!
2	This will be wordy, so summary is - hostesses aren't so great, love the decor, super loud restaurant, perfect burger is good but not perfect, adult creamsicle milkshake rocks, service is friendly but a little disorganized, would I go back - probably not.We showed up at LBS to grab dinner before the weezer show at red rock's pool. Arrived at 7 and were told it would be an hour wait for a party of 6. I recommend making a reservation even though its just a burger joint. They seem to just seat people at whatever table happens to be open. There was a party of 4 at a table for 6, party of 3 at one of the big booths, etc.We finally heard our name called, then the hostess said give me a few minutes to get the table ready, so it was over 5 min waiting more. I found that really odd - to me, you shouldn't call for a table unless you're ready to seat them. I let the server know we were in a hurry, she said it's about 20 min for the kitchen to get orders out. So ok, I got the adult creamsicle milkshake $8.50 and the "perfect burger" - burger with bacon, gruyere, frisee, roasted tomato, onion marmalade, herb mayo and their LBS sauce $13.75Milkshake took about 15 min to come out even though the bar didn't look that hectic, but it was worth the wait - tastes just like a creamsicle you hardly taste the alcohol. Burger came out 5 min later and although I wouldn't call it perfect, it was a damn good burger. Burger was juicy and cooked perfectly medium, bacon was pretty thick but the texture was wrong - rather hard and chewy, not crispy like bacon should be. The marmalade, LBS sauce and mayo overwhelmed the flavor of the burger itself, too many condiments also made it messy to eat. Onion rings and shoestring fries were average - onion ring was crispy but the inside was mushy like it was overcooked. Texture was almost like burger king's rings. Potato twister was good, but I was kind of surprised they were just potato chips. I assumed twister meant curly fries, but whatever. They were fresh potato chips, the twister aspect is to me a negative because anytime you went to pick up one chip, you had to break it off of a big cluster of chips. I did the check in offer for the free potato twister and the server brought us 2 orders since I didn't know someone else had ordered one too. Weird that she just assumed we wanted 2 instead of asking - it was way too much so we barely touched the 2nd order. The decor was cool and fun - I'm in love with the black lace windows. Cool light fixtures, an American flag made up of painted license plates on the ceiling. I don't know if the acoustics are funky, but that was easily the loudest restaurant I've ever been to. Its a smallish room but there was no obnoxiously loud table, just regular dinner conversation. I've never been to a restaurant where I had to nearly shout to someone only 1 person away from me. There was just a constant annoying buzz of the conversations going on at other tables, I kind of just gave on talking to anyone besides the people directly next and across from me.
3	My aunt told me I had to check out this place if I was ever over at Red Rock so we came after a concert.  It was late (about 10:45pm) and we just wanted to taste a burger.  I checked out my foursqaure and saw they had a check in deal that we got potato twisters for checking in.  We got those and a egg burger with a side of zucchini fires ($3 extra).  The twisters are fresh made potato chips and come with a chipotle ranch dressing. They were good.  The burger was delicious.  it was juicy and fresh.  The topping were very good. We asked for the burger to be on the rarer side of medium but it came out more on the well done side.  The Zucchini fries were ok.  Very greasy, but apparently they are healthier than fresh fries.  We were too late to try a shake as the kitchen closed.  We were a little upset that we weren't given a last call which brings them down a star.  You need to take care of your customers!
2	Overall wasn't Impressed at all prices ehh over priced service sucked I'll give them two stars because I enjoyed the time spent with my dad and girlfriend that's about it yes the food is huge and they give you about a free whatever it is to check in there well let's just say don't get suckered in by that like I did Total bust!
5	I've always wanted to try this place, but my wife always said no.  Well, I finally got her to agree to try it and it is now her new favorite place!  We've been at least 5 times this summer alone.Located conveniently at the front of the casino, right pass the large "Bon fire."First off, let me say that if you do plan on going at night, don't wait too long because they will close early if they are slow.Second, the food is excellent!  We love the potato twister fries as an appetizer!  It's like hot potato chips.  The portions are HUGE!  After the first few times, we finally figured out that we could split a burger and fries and avoid taking left overs home.I love their smokehouse burger.  It comes with white cheddar, bbq sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion rings, pickles and a side of fries.  I like to get my burgers medium well, which will have it slightly pink in the middle. PERFECT!But wait... My wife likes to get "THE PERFECT BURGER" - which has gruyere cheese, mayonnaise, lbs burger sauce, frissee (some kind of salad leaf), tomatoes, caramelized red onion and smoked bacon.I am completely torn between all the menu items when I come, it takes me a leap of faith and a pound of certainty to get my order in.The place is nice and clean. The booths are large and lush, so you can get lost in the seats if you're not careful.  The employees are especially friendly.
1	Way over priced burgers and quality was OK at best.  I will never return.Wayne Gorsek
4	My daughters told me about LBS @ Redrock Station. She said that they had the best burgers in town. My wife and I ate there last night and they were right. Michelle had the triple platter of sliders - beef, turkey and ahi with an order of sweet potato fries and I had the turkey burger with avocado and zucchini fries. I must say that we did not leave disappointed. By the way the zucchini fries were awesome.
3	My friend and I had a lunch meeting here and it was dead. The staff was so slow on top of that and seemed tao not really care. We were sat at a table asap but it took a good 5 mins for our server to come over when there was only about 5 tables there and none were busy. Food was good but i was hopping for better.
4	Who would expect great Ahi tuna sliders at a burger joint?  Well you can get them here.  I also recommend the pretzel appitizer.  Burgers of course are their speciality.  I like the beef better than the turkey burgers.  Salads look huge but haven't had one yet.  They have a Mon-Fri happy hour happening now with half off beer and food.
3	Red Rock Casino on a Friday night is busy, ' what recession?' one may ask! After being told ' one hour wait' at The Yard House , seeing a long line at the Mexican restaurant and then quoted '45 minutes' at Terra Rossa, a mere 30 minute wait at LBS seemed the best option.Cool small burger joint, super decoration and friendly greeter. After the 30 minute wait we were seated. We were served 2 glasses of water which would be fine apart from there were 4 of us?? One beer, one Chardonnay and a soda were served about 7/8 minutes after order. One of my kids ordered a milk shake, it was excellent but took at least 15 minutes to arrive. My guess is they went outside to milk the cow, pasteurized the milk before putting it in the blender.After 20 minutes the 2 kids meals arrived, chicken tenders and shoestring ( lukewarm ) fries. Another 10 minutes before the parents burgers arrived. I order the bacon/egg burger. Good not fantastic. Wifey had another burger (only burgers on menu) and had similar views.Amazingly on a Friday night in Summerlin it's tough to find family dining without an hour wait so you 'settle' for mediocrity. Shame.
3	First off, "The Perfect Burger" was pretty much a perfect burger!  Cooked exactly how I asked, very flavorful, and perfect portion!  I engulfed it like I hadn't eaten in a week!  I like the decor in LBS.  Kinda that upscale garage design.   Good theme.  Feels very open in there and the staff is always friendly.Why only 3 stars you ask?  I think it was 60 degrees in there.  I helped with my table manners since the metal tables, which are very cool - pun intended, were too cold to rest my elbows on.  On the upside, my drink didn't need anymore ice on the refill.Oh..and I'm a little hoarse right now too.  Considering this was a lunch with colleagues and we had to shout to each other at our 4-top table because the music was at a volume somewhere between "lounge" and "nightclub".  It's a restaurant....nobody's needs to feel the beat when they're chewing.If they fixed their thermostat and A/V systems, I'd probably go 5 stars.
3	Hit this place for lunch, had Cobb Salad, not bad but nothing memorable.  Guests had burger and sliders, both seemed to like them ok, but neither finished their lunch.  Had cool Foursquare (looks like Yelp too) promotion for free bar chips, but they brought them along with the check, so failed on that.  Nice decor, we sat in a booth which I wouldn't recommend since you really sink in too much into seat.  Tough to eat your meal, and felt back achey afterwards.  Get a table!
3	Trying to knock off as many requests from readers as I can, I recently ventured to Red Rock to check out LBS who touts themselves as "the best burger in Las Vegas." I've heard many positive comments about this burger, and I was quite nervous coming into it since it was in a casino location. With the opportunity for them to be lazy and overpriced, they didn't disappoint, but some very important questions arose.Located directly off the casino floor amongst a few other restaurants, LBS has a pretty open, plain, unassuming interior. I guess they're trying for the Texas/American theme with the bull horns, license plates on the ceiling, and paint peeling off the brick walls. I made the mistake of going during Monday night football, if you don't like your dinner interrupted by some jackass from the local radio station pulling names out of a hat for Twilight DVD's, pick a different night.What I love about the menus is how many burgers you get to choose from, they really feature all their pre-made options, the do-it-yourself portion is really a side note. This is a bit different than a lot of the more recent burger ventures out there, and more than welcome. There are also sliders, salads and a few different shakes; none of which I tried on this trip.To keep things simple I went with the 'Classic' so I could easily sample the meat and basic toppings. Cooked almost as ordered, my medium-rare burger had great flavor, the meat was tasty and had a slight peppery flavor to it that I've noticed with more than a few burgers lately. The pickles had strong flavor along with the other fresh toppings and were all quite good. The bun was a little on the stiff side, but I found myself ok with it through the course of the meal. Overall I was very impressed with the flavor and was happy with the results.The part that threw me was the fries; supposedly 'fresh cut', they were just not good. It's always very difficult to fall in love with a great burger when the fries you're presented with suck. I know this is a burger blog, but the fries are an extremely important part of a burger meal, and these really took away from it. They weren't awful, they just weren't that great. I feel like a lot of places are getting very lazy with their fries and that's a problem. And before anyone complains, I must point out how many people love In-N-Out but hate their fries. Am I right?At $11.95 for my burger, I don't think it was too high, especially for a casino location. The meat was great, and the burger was very tasty. That price even includes fries, so by the time you add a drink you're only around $14-15 which is still almost in the crappy Five Guys or Smashburger territory, but with way better flavor. LBS is definitely worth the trip to Red Rock, let's just get them to work on their fries a bit and I might give them a higher score.
5	really!!!!! omg this place rocks after reading some of the reveiws ummmm this is just not fair.........They have the best burgers ya they are a little bit high priced but your in red rock get over it everything is high priced (think of their rent! but thats not your problem right haha..). Monday night football there rocks too i went every monday last year for their drink to drown and still have my t-shirt and three mugs. Ya it does get loud but its football lol....lighten up have some fun their fries are to die for eat lbs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I was seated promptly. The atmosphere was great. Nothing to exciting for appetizers,. Can't even remember my appetizer. The burger was a different story. I went out on a limb and ordered a burger with mozerella, it was Fantastic. My friend loved there burger also. Beer selection was good. Server was attentive. Manager checked in on us. Overall great experience.
4	I thought this place was pretty baller, getting us in even on a Saturday night fast and out in an hour.  The burgers were way good, the fries and onion rings were some of the best, and their waiters were very attentive.  Never has so many calories been so good at Red Rock.  The only thing that's off is that the windows are given this weird thigh-high pattern lace that looks like something out of an 80s music video vixen's closet.
4	Ate here last week and was surprised at the quality of the burgers.  The restaurant offers a good selection of interesting burger combinations and both of the burgers that we ordered came out well-cooked and well-seasoned.  Also had a pretty good beer selection.  Only odd thing was that our waitress asked if we wanted our burgers "pink or not pink" rather than asking how we'd like them cooked.  When we said we'd like them cooked medium, she responded something to the effect of "well, that's going to be kind of pink.  Is that ok?"  The whole thing was a little bit bizarre and off-putting, to be honest.  Perhaps they get a lot of customers who've never ordered meat at a restaurant before and aren't familiar with standard temperatures for red meat?
3	It seemed like a trendy trap.  But like a moth to flame, I went.  Go for the food.  It is likely 100-150% more then a top-priced burger from the menu of your typical chain.---------FOOD REVIEW-------If you don't want to gorge, go with the mini-burger/sliders.  The sampler had a tuna, turkey and beef slider.  I have to say it totally surpassed my expectations.  Each slider had a aioli sauce, seasoned, mayo, condiments, what have you, that complimented the meat perfectly.  I was permitted a bite of the Longhorn burger and put my life in danger by taking, without permission, a PACMAN-sized second bite.----------SERVICE RANT BELOW---------Our "hostess" must have demonstrated the innate skill to fog up a mirror two inches from her face with glazed over eyes and was probably hired on the spot by some idiot.  The place was about 1/3 full and adequately staffed--they got that part right...  The wait was beyond a mere oversight.  We were being ignored... plain & simple.The actual server was good to go, but whomever was running the place sucked like a sucka-fish and probably lives in an aquarium too.   A different male and female server then ours were, conservatively, spending 80% of their shift standing by the bar like they were on a date.  So what?  They could have been talking about what positions they were going to try out on each other for all I care.  Heck, they could have been hittin' it right then and there!  --good for them.  The problem was the residual effect.  Since they only graced the patrons with a couple of cameo appearances, the result was our server was working the room by herself--helping everyone.  That meant we thought we were gonna wait for the 2012 Mayan Calendar Alien Armageddon before the bill came.  On most days--I could care less, but I got tables to play before the Apocalypse dawg!
5	Go here a lot with friends and I have loved this place for a long time. I will continue to go here for great burgers.
3	Sung to "I will Survive": I saw the price of burgers and I was petrified.  Little did I know that for $14, there are no fries."  Okay, bad, even sad, but true.  When I first ate here in 2010, it was the first time I saw burgers priced so steep.  Little did I know that supremely good quality burgers joints were coming hard, coming my way, and I was more ready than I knew.AMBIANCE -- Dark, TV's with sports, brick, and grit -- you'll want to wear your running shoes, cowboy hat, and leather motorcycle jacket.  It's a cool hang, and isn't Vegas-y (that's really good, unless you're looking for it).  If it was a bigger place, it would be a bigger splash in Vegas and Summerlin, but because it isn't -- it's cozy.  It's an upscale, biker-bar, country-western saloon with football!MENU & MY FAVORITES -- The burgers are massive (1/2 pound variety).  They range in price from $9.75 to $13.75.  I love the 2 most pricey ones: The "Perfect Burger" & the "Steakhouse Burger".- Perfect: Beef, gruyere, bacon, herbed mayo, oven-roasted tomato, and a red-onion marmalade- Steakhouse: Peppered crusted beef, grilled wild mushrooms, Swiss, oven-roasted tomato Accompany them with:- Potato Twisters (gotta try these at least once, it's a potato-marvel -- one very long and continuous fry).- For Wisconsin visitors, they have fried cheese curds!- NOT the cheesy tator-tots (they are not carried any longer, I am mad.  They RULED the universe at one time, obviously, they've since been overthrown).- The fries are also great, and the onion rings.  - But if you have to pick only one, I'd pick the tots (but of course, they don't have them!  Managers...take note!)HAPPY HOUR (3p-6p, M-F) -- $4 drafts and 50% off all apps, mmmm sliders! SERVICE -- friendly and casual, prompt and efficient.  Nice, too!CONCLUSION -- While not the best burger, it's no doubt good.  I used to live just a few short blocks away, and NEVER went to LBS unless I had a business meeting at the hotel, or was there to drop in a few bucks. So, if you happen to be at Red Rock -- step on in.
5	LBS has become one of my favorite burger joints in town! The food is great, the service is always good, and their booze milkshakes are always tasty.Their Happy Hour is great too! Monday-Friday from 3-6 all of their appetizers and salads are 50% off, and their drafts are $4. They have some great appetizers too:-Potato Twisters, a whole potato spun and unwound then fried and served with fry sauce-Spicy Potato Twisters, which have a ghost chili and haberno pepper puree sauce poured over them, along with cheese fondue, jalapeno slices, chives, and sour cream...they're super spicy and if you're congested in the slightest, these will clear you up in a hearbeat!-Zucchini Fries served with roasted red pepper aioli, they are delicious-Warm Sourdough Pretzel Sticks with cheese fondue and spicy mustardThere are a dozen super tasty burgers on the menu too! You can get any burger on a white or wheat bun, or ask for it bunless and have it wrapped in lettuce instead.-The El Caliente, which is my favorite! It has pepper jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, jalapeno, avocado, and spicy ketchup-The Smokehouse is really good too. It has BBQ sauce, white cheddar, lettuce, tomato, pickle, smoked bacon, and onion rings-The Steakhouse burger is another great pick, it's peppercorn crusted beef with swiss cheese, grilled mushrooms, tomato, mixed greens, red onion marmalade, and horseradish steak sauce As far as sides, I always recommend their sweet potato fries, they're seasoned perfectly! Their alcohol milkshakes are worth checking out too. My favorite is the Mocha Milkshake, thou the Grasshopper Milkshake is also very tasty!The service here is always very good. The main hostess on duty is always very nice and friendly. I've always had good waiters too that make sure you are served timely and always check up on you and keep the drinks coming.For those insane people, they have two burger challenges here. One is a 6-patty burger with just about every topping on the menu on each patty, and is accompanied with 2 pounds of fries. That one is $30. If that's too easy for you, there's the 11-patty burger with all the menu toppings and is accompanied with 3 pounds of fries. This one is $40, but if you're a machine and can complete it within the time allowed they'll give you $100.
5	I barely write any reviews, but this place deserves some notice. Everything I had there was extremely delicious, and I could not think of a place with a better burger off the top of my head. The staff was pretty friendly and courteous, and the wait was short and we received our food very quickly. One small note, bring a sweater. It can get pretty cold in there with the steel tables and the booth seats are not very comfortable. But whatever, on to the food. My friend and I each ordered a burger with sweet potato fries, but it didn't really matter after we had scarfed down half of the Spicy Potato Twisters. I am an extreme chili head and this was the perfect aide to my addiction. It is covered in this amazing ghost chili sauce that is HOT! but not deathly hot. And the flavor with the nacho cheese is almost orgasmic (sorry, I just really like spicy food). We ended up taking about half of these home (which were instantly demolished by my dad). The heat was still lingering by the time we got our burgers, so we had to cool down for a bit to enjoy the taste of what was to come.The Burgers ($11 and $13, I believe):- The Longhorn: My friend got this pulled pork and coleslaw burger. I would usually never get this type of burger, as I am not a fan of pulled pork, but this was indeed something great. I felt like a real cowboy eating this smokey deliciousness. If this is your style of burger, this would be a great addition to your selection.- The Perfect Burger: When the heat from the twisters finally subsided and I got to enjoy my own burger, I was immediately sent back to a heavenly place. The red onion marmalade on this burger just catapulted it to the best burger I have had in recent memory. I ordered mine "medium rare" and you could see the juices just dripping down the burger when I pressed down mixing with the beautiful Gruyere cheese. The price is fair for the quality of food you are receiving at this place. It really shows that the chefs take time and attention when creating your dishes. If we did not order the Bailey's Oreo Shake (+$11), our bill would have come to around $40 with all the substitutions of the fries (+$2.50/ea.) and adding the ghost pepper salsa (+$3) to the potato twisters (which were free when checking in to Yelp). I really wish this place would get locations away from Summerlin. It is such a far drive from my side of town in Southwest Vegas. I hope they open one up in the M Resort (I would be there every day). This place is definitely worth a visit from any person living in Las Vegas/Henderson. I would definitely go here again!
5	An excellent burger establishment in a city that is increasingly recognized as the burger capital of the country. There was a significant wait time when we arrived but we were eventually seated and ordering.Ambience is strange. The staff seems a bit punker/ hardcore but the actual decoration seems more country western/ frontier oriented. It's not particularly nice looking inside but don't judge a book by its cover.They do have an excellent beer selection if you happen to be a beer snob like me. Some fine choices like Delirium Tremens, Chimay, and Duvel can be ordered at the bar although they're hardly cheap.  I had a Duvel to compliment my burger.The fries were decent but hardly different from the shoestring fries you can find at any Yardhouse. They did however, come with a delectable little sauce (aioli I think?). It's better than ketchup.The burgers themselves were as good as I could have hoped. I ordered the Caliente on wheat-- it was served over pepperjack cheese, slathered in chipotle mayo and topped with sliced jalapenos. As far as spicy burgers go, this is the best I've ever tasted--- better than the one I had at Fukuburger. The beef itself was perfectly cooked to medium rare and was just dripping with deliciousness. This is probably the best burger I've eaten to date in Las Vegas. whlie my spicy burger was nothing new to the burger world, my girlfriends order was a real gem that I think anyone should try. The Caprese comes with leafy greens, pesto, and mozarella cheese, all squeezed into a ciabatta bun. It made for a very unique burger eating experience that proved to be surprisingly delicious. I have no complaints about the prices-- they are quite fair for the portion sizes and quality of the food. We used a groupon and thought it was a steal-- i hope they post another deal in the near future because we'll be sure to jump on it.
2	Best item I had that I would go back again for:  shoe-string friesItems ordered:- Potato Twisters:  It was fun to see a huge pile of carby-goodness.  A bit of a smokey taste.  If you like a softer version of kettle chips, this one is for you. - Southwest Chicken Salad:  Nothing spectacular.  The lettuce which composed most of the salad was a bit bitter.  It would've been better if more of the "other" items listed on the menu were present.- Mini burger sampler:  The turkey burger was tastiest of all 3 (IMO).Beef burger was standard for a sit down restaurant.  Ahi burger didn't have enough ahi.  It was two thin slices.  So, you were biting mostly into bread.  - Captain Hook Burger (Fried Cod):  The crust was very salty, but the crispiness of the fish was excellent. I didn't care for the sweet relish.- Iced Tea:  perfect.... freshly brewed Service:  very slow (They need to hire a runner to deliver the food to the tables... especially since they sold over 1000 GroupOn deals.)Price:  Pricier than Smash Burger for about the same quality just nicer ambianceAmbiance:  A fun place to go on a casual date.  Cute decor (contemporary cowboy?)  The booths are great for really tall people.  For short people like me, it felt like I saw sinking in the seat and had to sit up to reach the table.   I would only go back for the turkey burger & the shoe string fries, but I'd have to get some kind of deal because their prices are just more than many of the other restaurants around town.
3	The burgers are good here. Oh yeah and the spicy potato twister was pretty good too. Love the ghost pepper sauce. The only thing is that they only have one person working the floor. Which was ok we still got good service.
4	Absolutely fantastic burgers. Taste just perfect. Fries are the right balance of crisp outside and soft inside. The staff are very friendly and service is good.
1	There was nothing about this place that we found enjoyable.  We went on a Sunday afternoon so the place was somewhat dead we were told that there would be a 20 minute wait.  There was 6 visible tables that were empty but had dirty dishes left on them from the previous customers and nobody was bothering to clean them off.  When we were finally seated we had to wait about 10 minutes before our waiter came up to take our drink orders with his hands full of dirty dishes from another table(YUK!) We ordered an appetizer as well as 2 burgers and an order of sliders we were told that our only option for buns were white as they were all out of the other buns.  Our appetizer & burgers all arrived at the same time delievered by a food runner who dropped the food and took off leaving us no silverware or napkins or plates for the appetizer.  We finally had to get our own silverware and napkins from the wait station since nobody ever came back including our waiter.  The food was OK ,nothing special at all I have had better at a fast food joint.   At the end of our meal we had to hunt down the waiter to get our check and to pay our tab.  And those 6 tables that were sitting there dirty when we walked in were still sitting there dirty when we left.  Considering how dead this place was at the time we were there the customer service and cleanliness of this place should have been excellent.  So my overall review would be EXTREMELY POOR SERVICE and poor quality of food we definately will not be returning to LBS
3	Good food crappy service
1	Where do I start?First of all I've waited over a week for LBS Burger to get back to me on this issue to fairly give them to resolve this issue but I have heard nothing.  They have no email on their website and the phone number that they have to reach them is always busy.  I contacted then on facebook and got an acknowledgement that it would be forwarded on, but never heard back.   We wanted to make sure that the issue, a person, was gone so we could maybe come back sometime as regular patrons.  Now I am leaving my honest review of actual events that occurred during our last visit.   I am leaving names out of this review.First of all, our family used to absolutely love this place.  Usually LBS Burger is a place where my family went and we always had good service and food.  However, last time we visited was far from what we expected.We arrived at LBS Burger at 8:35pm to celebrate a special occasion.  We were promptly seated at approximately 8:40pm in the back of the restaurant.  It was a party of 5, with two adults and three children.  Our first encounter with our server - bald young adult with black earlobe rings (who was later identified by the General Manager) was less than pleasant off the bat.  He greeted us with a non-energetic and non-professional and "What's up?" for our drink orders.  We brushed it off.We ordered a water, a diet coke and three root beers for our children.  A few minutes later, our food order was taken.  We proceeded to receive our drinks and eat our appetizers: potato twisters and fried cheese curds.  We had requested extra sauce for the potato twisters but did not receive it.We quickly ran out of drinks and sauce and we tried to get the attention of our server for over 20 minutes.  We pleaded for help from a red haired server who seemed less than interested and then we finally went caught the person from the front desk that seats people when he was seating a new table.Our server continued to ignore us and the desk person which was standing by our table trying to flag him down.  It was blatantly obvious that it was done on purpose.  When we finally got our server back, we again ask for drinks and refills.His response "Alriiight, alriiight, alriiiight" - like we were old friends, but we are not.  He takes the two cups from my children and my wife hands helpfully hands him the third cup. He proceeds to rudely snatch it from her and walk away. Which completely caught  us off guard.  At this point it had been over 30 minutes since we initially needed drinks.I had had enough from this point.  I found the manager to complain and ask for a new server.  While this was happening our server found his way from the back of the restaurant (where the kitchen and our table was) to the front where I was and stared me down and shoved into my shoulder with his shoulder as he walked pass.  Right in front of the manager!The manager sent the server to the back and apologized to me as the server went to the back of the restaurant while I was still at the front.    While the server was walking to the back again he said to my wife and children "F**k you!"My wife decided it was time for us to leave and we did promptly.  Again, the manager was apologetic and gave me his card and told me he was going to take care of the server with HR as soon as he could.  The time on my watch now was 9:30pm - it kind of wasted our night out.The worst part was running back to our vehicle from the restaurant - not knowing where the server was.  We were actually fearing for our lives at this point until we could leave the Casino property.It was very inappropriate with the bad service that we received from the server and the fact that he aggressively snatched a cup from my wife, then proceeded to AGGRESSIVELY TOUCH A CUSTOMER - shove into me with his shoulder while staring me down and then curse at my family at the table.  I tried to contact LBS Burger to follow up and make sure that this employee was dealt with appropriately, but they have been silent.Never again. Ever.
4	Damn good burger,actually the California Turkey was way tastier the Perfect Burger...Plus order the regular bun,as the wheat bun must not get a lot of request as it tasted a little stale, or they cooked it too long, little harder than the regular bun.. Now it is not the healthy eater,as everything is loaded with mayo calories sauce and dressing,etc.. I hate to see the calories info?? The sweet potato fries were good,but too thin,so if over cooked, crunchy sweet potato chips- they become?It is a small restaurant,than compare to the Yardhouse also found inside  Red Rock Casino.. The service was attentive, for Sunday afternoon.. The decor look like inside a Chicago brick basement, I do not think it really had a western  theme,as I sat near a huge newspaper mirror, still trying figure if there was a theme or design?Sorry not a beer drinker, so did not indulge... But their shakes sounded good, but pricey for spiked milkshake?? Yes, maybe will go back...
2	My family & I stopped in at this place on a Saturday because I had a groupon. We all got burgers & fries. I also got a strawberry milkshake. It was a pretty nice place, lo-key. Wasnt packed at all. Service: Our waitress mustve just started working there or either she was just really flustered. Everything we asked for, she repeated and looked back to us as if she wanted to ask a question. She did this with drinks and all. Just kinda stared at us once we were done ordering. Stared at us at least 10 seconds later...Weird!Food: It was okay, nothing to drive out that far again for. Burgers were big and they serve shoestring fries w/ some type of burger sauce on the side. Fries were flavorful even though I'm not a fan of shoestring fries. Burger was uhhhh ok...Like I stated before, nothing special. Seems like we had to be quiet in there even though its set up like a sports type bar. Dont think I would go back.
4	I wish I was hungrier on our visit as the quantity of food received was enormous. I ordered The Longhorn - beef burger topped with bbq smoked beef brisket, creamy cole slaw, onion ring, pickles, & bbq sauce -- without the creamy cole slaw and was very satisfied as to how it was cooked and how it tasted. I wish I had more room for the sweet fries that came with it but I could not do more than a casual tasting of those.What I really wanted to try were the Spicy Potato Twisters featured on the Heat Seekers but there was simply no room for those. Next time! The bottom line is if you are looking for a detour well off the strip and need a burger fix this is an outstanding place to visit.
4	I've been to LBS burger before, but it was a long time ago. We decided to come back here because we had recently purchased a Groupon. We came on a Sunday afternoon for lunch around 2pm. We had to wait to be seated even though there was only about a handful of people there. We were seated in a booth and they are right when you really sink into the booths.It took awhile for someone to come take our order, but when she came I was pretty excited to order. I decided to get the sampler plate with two beefs and a turkey since I can't eat tuna with a side of the zuchinni fries! My husband got some kind of burger with an egg on top and sweet potato fries. My burgers were a bit dry, but the highlight of the lunch was the zuchinni fries! I remember not liking the potato crisps last time, so I am really glad I went with the zuchinni. It was not over cooked and still crispy! Yummy deliciousness. I didn't try my husband's burger, but I would assume it was delicious since it was gone by the end of the meal. Lunch came out to be about 35 bucks? Was it worth $35 bucks, probably not but the Groupon helped. Service was ok, lacking in the beginning but it was better at the end. I heard they have good happy hour food specials, might need to check it out one of these days.
4	LBS - I think it stands for the pounds you will tack on eating here.   First we started off with their twisted potatoes (basically a well seasoned endless string of potato shreds.) it was free with a checkin on 4square.  We also sampled the Warm Sourdough Pretzel sticks with a spicy mustard and cheese fondue.  I love good apps and these fit the moniker.   Huge portions though so beware or you won't have room for your meal.  They have many creative burgers and the prices are reasonable.  Add to that the adult milkshakes and excellent preparation, this is a diamond in the rough.  The only thing keeping this from being 5 star is the atmosphere. It is basically a small bar with a handful of tables and slow service.  Still the food makes up for it.  Definitely a must try.  Just watch the scale :)
2	Burgers weren't that great.  I think the only thing I enjoyed was the ahi tuna sliders.  Prices are decent, but for that price there are other places to get a decent burger or specialized one.  My gf and I are average height and when trying to sit in the booth, we sunk into the seat.  I used a Groupon and still had to pay about $20 still for 2.  Service is great and the place is clean.  Light is a bit dark, there's a bar and some tv's for sports.
4	Better than the reviews say. I've been here 5 times now and every time we go, including during the dinner rush, we've always been seated and served quickly. The music here is great, a good selection of beers, but my favorite is the ahi sliders. Very generous portion of perfectly prepared ahi with just the right amount of spice. I will continue to go back, especially during happy hour.
2	Everything's really dry except forthe carrots that came with my buffalo wingsthe celery and my water
4	Recently had the Spicy Potato Twisters with ghost pepper and habanero sauce as seen on Food Network's Heat Seekers.  I survived it, was glad I did it, but not sure I'll do it again.
2	**Summary**       - Plain - The burgers seemed plain and without any personality. The burger patties seemed flavorless and generic.       - Overcooked - The wings and sliders seemed way over cooked. We had to add ketchup to the sliders to make them edible.       - Decor - The decor was interesting. The walls and ceilings were plastered with license plates. The whole place had a rugged route 66 feeling.**Ordered**       - Warm Sourdough Pretzel Sticks - They were just bite sized pretzels. Warm and fluffy, but sub par compared to an actual pretzel place.       - Buffalo Chicken Wings - Dry       - Peanut Butter & Bacon Burger - It was the burger of the month so I tried it. Other than the peanut butter and bacon, there is nothing else on the burger. It was definitely interesting having the peanut butter, but other than that, it was beyond plain (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/B7XwqO9Lbzq-VtOiRobfCg?select=DDcAooDJx4quFJz-S0OHUA#DDcAooDJx4quFJz-S0OHUA).       - Beef Sliders - The mini patties were way over cooked. They were just hockey pucks of dryness.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place. It seems like an overpriced burger join that has dry and boring burgers.
3	Red Rock is one of my favorite casinos, they have so much to offer you hardly need to go anywhere else. One of the best offerings is the Happy Hour at Yardhouse, with half-price appetizers that will blow your socks off.Wouldn't it be great if everything the Red Rock had to offer was as great as Yardhouse? Unfortunately, this is not the case. Take LBS - a rather high priced burger joint that doesn't have that great of burgers. The burgers are not bad, they definitely go down well. But at $12 to $13 for a burger, I expect better.Now I will applaud their Potato Twisters - they're one HOT side. The fresh-cut curly chips with sliced jalapenos and fry sauce will curl your 'pota-toes'.Obviously I'm not alone in my opinion about LBS, the place is rarely ever busy.
2	My husband and I love going to burger joints, so when we heard that Holstein's (Our Favorite) had a sister restaurant at the Red rock called LBS Burger, we had to check it out.As soon as we sat down, we noticed a few similarities to Holstein's, like the "Bamboozled Shakes" which are milk shakes with alcohol mixed it.My husband and I ordered the spinach-artichoke dip as an appetizer. IT tasted great, but the portion was too big. I ended up getting the Captain Hook, which was a burger with crispy beer battered atlantic cod instead of beef.  It was great, except for the gigantic bun that it was served in.  My husband ordered the Perfect Burger, but said it was not-so perfect. He ordered it Medium and it was overcooked.  The Onion Marmalade and Roasted Tomatoes were unrecognizable and were overpowering.  After he removed the onions and the tomoatoes, the burger was decent enough to finish.  Again, the bun was way too big.  The only thing that saved that burger was the smoked bacon, LBS BBQ sauce, and herb mayo.We're not convinced quite yet. We'll give them another shot, and we'll keep an open mind and not compare it to Holstein's. But for now, this is it.
4	Great staff and food! Johnny and Erica took great care of us.... Laid back atmosphere and good food!
2	Since I'm a vegetarian, I don't usually frequent burger establishments.....with the lack of beef in my diet and all.  But occasionally the mood strikes me for a veggie patty slathered with all sorts of unhealthiness.  And a milkshake.  So when I was in the area, my husband I decided to make a stop at LBS.I enjoyed the look of the restaurant and our server was very friendly.  My husband and I both ordered the veggie burger minus the healthy stuff, plus BBQ sauce, onion rings, and cheese.  And a milkshake.The milkshake was good, but not awe-inspiring like the one I had at Holstein's (sister restaurant to LBS).  The burger appeared healthy- I could see whole peas and lentils in it- but it was all trickery.  They deep fried that bad boy until it was dripping in grease.  Ok, I can't say for sure it was deep fried but it was so greasy I just assumed that it was.The shoestring fries were the best part of the meal.  I just love me some super thin fries covered in garlic and parmesan.I would almost consider three-stars for LBS, but the price and indigestion from the grease kept me from doing it.
4	The Steakhouse burger is one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. Go during happy hour and get the apps and sliders. They are all great. The service can be a little slow when it's busy. LBS can kinda be hit and miss as we have had to have them remake food that was cold, but they seemed happy to please. I think if this place wasn't inside a Station Casino it would be better, because every time we go into a Station Casino eastery, there seems to be something that holds it back from being great.
5	Great appetizers, onion rings are top notch. Had a peanut butter and bacon burger, also great.
4	My family ate at LBS Burger today and had a great time.  I ordered the "Perfect Burger" with shoestring fries.  It was around $13, fries ARE included in the price.  If you want sweet potato fries or onion rings those are $2 extra.  Tomas was our server and he did a great job and made it a fun experience.  I would definitely go back next time we are out at Red Rock Casino.  Others in my party enjoyed the Cobb salad and the ahi sliders and the turkey burger as a lettuce wrap.  I didn't get the manager's name but she was also very friendly and checked on us to make sure our meal was good.  I appreciate that kind of service.
2	Very disappointing.  Ordered the Elcaliente burger, it was OK, the toppings were all thrown in the middle and very greasy.  I was ashamed at the price I paid for that burger.  Maybe worth $3.  The appetizers were decent I will give them that.  The waiter on the other hand wasn't great.  He kept saying everything was amazing.  Like a robot.  I had to set my drink on the end of the table to final get a refill as our waiter sat at the bar and talked with another employee.  I was there during the day midweek so maybe things are better at night.
2	Felt like burgers and this place did not do the trick. Burgers were ordinary. Service sucked, seriously how do you mess up a salad that just needed lettuce and ranch. Also was not informed that the potato twisters come in one side and they even messed that up. The only saving grace here is the ghost pepper salsa which was delicious. Will not be coming here again.
4	This place was pretty great! 4 stars because the music was WAY too loud.Our server was really cool, I wish they had a drink menu though.My husband got the pb&j burger, I got the CA Turkey burger, both were great, cooked to perfection! We also go the pretzel bites, they where pretty good too. We got seated right away as well, which was nice.
5	The food is great, when I go I sit at the bar and there is a very friendly Hawiian bartender. Always on top of things. I suggest the slider trio.
3	Been here before.. Great food. Saturday night, they closed at 10pm. Not 11:30pm.
5	I am surprised at the lack of love for this place on Yelp.  I am in Henderson - which is a little bit of a drive away from Summerlin, but I absolutely plan on going back just so I can eat one of these tasty burgers again.  I have tried several places in the Vegas area: such as the Burger Bar, Strip Burger, etc.   So far this has been the winner hands-down.  I have a short list of places to try yet, but this one will be tough to top.  I give it 5 stars because I don't see that happening.I ordered the Longhorn Burger, but the party I went with had a good mix of burger types (we are not opposed to sharing bites).  Everything we had was absolutely delicious.  The wait was minimal on a Saturday night.  Our server was very friendly.  The "bite for your buck" is definitely on par (mound of fries).  My only disappointment is that I wished I lived closer to this place (however my heart and cholesterol are probably happy about this).  I am not a huge milk shake person, but the people I was with thought it was excellent as well.
3	My cousin insisted I try the longhorn burger...my mouth was ready but I was disappointed....I broke my diet to eat this burger that was greasy...I can say the sweet potato fries were ok
2	Just not feeling it.  Food isn't good enough to overcome the unfriendly, distant, and slow service. Sorry.  Now if your food was tastier, I could live with a little less service.  But it isn't. So what we have here is a quite ordinary burger joint coupled with lousy service.  If I ever end up back here, it won't be because I want to, but because there is an hour wait at Yardhouse.
4	Had dinner in Red Rock Resort / Casino / Spa's LBS last night with a couple of my kids. Nice little burger joint in the massive Red Rock compound. They make a pretty darn good burger.After a march around the casino to find a place that'd suit all our (ages) tastes. we settled on LBS Burger. We were seated right away, and asked our drink choices. Lemon mango tea, milk & a Guinness extra stout for me.  Nice variety.I went with Irish nachos to get us going (*mistake) and they had them out to us in a pretty quick fashion.FOOD:Irish Nachos......they were very BIG and tasty and loaded with criss cut fries, sour cream, chives, BACON, melty cheese, jalapeno slices, pico de gallo. 4***StarKids Meal Grilled Cheese (6 yo daughter)... Looked like it was just warmed in the oven...not grilled. Came with a butt load of tasty seasoned shoestring fries. 3**Stars (-1 for not grilled) She ate it all and loved it!Classic Burger (14 yo son)...1/3 lb burger (?)  American cheese, grilled onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato and special sauce. Also came with a boat load of seasoned shoestring fries. He removed pickles and tomatoes but said it was super good. And said the fries with the dipping sauce was great! 4****starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/B7XwqO9Lbzq-VtOiRobfCg?select=triIsci1z4mtAzjfYVDHkg#vVCtXnJnqQAW9vQO5KD2kASteakhouse Burger....My burger was effn great. 1/3 lb burger (size was huge?)  cooked to a perfect Med -Rare. With Swiss cheese, Peppered beef patty (could have used more pepper & cheese), super sweet onion marmalade, fou-fou lettuce, roasted tomatoes, mushrooms and a tasty horse radish sauce 4.5**** Stars.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/B7XwqO9Lbzq-VtOiRobfCg?select=triIsci1z4mtAzjfYVDHkg#triIsci1z4mtAzjfYVDHkg*Tip!All the burgers come with a mountain of fries ..... appetizer not necessary.Service:Nice service, checked on us 4-5 times. Clean restaurant!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/B7XwqO9Lbzq-VtOiRobfCg?select=dfNAd2tlLXoiSara4gdNMQ#Eptk1WZrYWfjWde465kv_wGet a table with chairs because the booths have quicksand seats that are a PITA to get in and out of. And put your food at mid chest level. Neat route 66 kind of decore for the 2012's If in the area I'd go back again.
2	It was very over priced, burger was just alright, nothing amazing or spectacular. Went with friends who were also just as unsatisfied. One ordered the bleu cheese burger, asked for balsamic vinegar, which he never got. Made his burger suck even more. Fries were cold and not many on your plate. At least fill me up on some potatoes if your burger blows, YA FEEL ME?!
4	Been here twice now and both times I ate at the bar...maybe that is the secret to a good experience here.  Always get good service, nice conversation, and my burgers have been out of this world.  The steakhouse burger is probably the best burger I've had in five years....and I've been to a lot of specialty burger places.  The bartenders here also take their craft serious, even inventing some of their own signature drinks. The one thing I wish they served here was a reasonable fish or steak dinner. I know those choices are nearby, but they are too expensive and this place has a better atmosphere....more laid back, but still upscale. Enjoy.
3	Unfortunately LBS Burger has changed their happy hour for the worse so I'm taking away one "value" star.  They went from half price on all their appitizers, salads, burgers, and draft beers to a limited selection of 3 beers, 4 appitizers, and 4 burgers.  Of course the ones they chose were not my favorites.  They completely removed my favorite item, the Ahi Sliders, from the menu.  I tried the happy hour Bacon and Egg Burger.  It was good but not great.  Not sure why LBS decided to go from exceptional to average, but they have.
5	The burger I had at this cafe inside the Red Rock Casino was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life!  It arrived hot. It was juicy. The bun was baked on the premises and toasted. It was outstanding.  There are many cheaper places to get a burger. It was $20 for a burger and a beer at LBS. But I wouldn't know where to send you in Las Vegas  to get a better burger.
5	5 stars only because i ALWAYS order the steakhouse burger with added grilled onions. Said burger is the business.
1	my brother and girlfriend and I came here for Happy hour, because they advertise on their website a $7.77 burger  and a free house draft beer with the purchase of ANY entree ....... first  NOBODY  knew anything about it , i had to bring it up on my iphone, and then a couple of people had to check with somebody else and then they checked with another person !! 10 min . then this lady (I think shes the mgr) said no problem and we ordered our food and they brought our beer. the food was good and our server was very nice. i asked for the check and they had charged us $8 for 2 beers and only one was at no cost. when i asked our server, she had to ask  THAT lady, well she comes to our table and says i only showed her my phone ,so thats why the others were charged and i told her we all had the same ad on all our phones ( and by the way, it was NOT a coupon, it was on the resturant ad on the Red rock casinos website  and it says FREE  house draft with purchase of any entree.  ) well she says, its only one per table. NO WHERE does it say that....she just made it up, this lady has NO business being in that position. i paid my server (and . yes i tipped her)   i told her in a very nice way that our experience had turned into a negative one and that i would never return there again and that they lost us as customers over 30 cents worth of beer, our sever again apologized and that lady just stood at the bar looking at us and never said  anything. Avoid this place, they have no clue as to what customer service is. Remember we all have choices !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  and btw we are Summerline residents!!!!!!!! and i will share this experience with as many people as i can. i will post this on as many websites as i can. And btw, this restaurant is not owned by station casinos, it is privately owned !!!
4	Great Burger Joint!! Read my tip
4	Went here with Jen and Aaron since they get comps from playing poker at Red Rock so I was looking forward to a nice big juicy burger and LBS did not disappoint.  The burger I got was on a wheat bun and had the fried egg on it as well as bacon.  I got a single patty but that was plenty and complimented it with a side of onion rings.  The rings were also good, being real onion rings instead of those tiny crappy ones many places serve.  Overall a really solid burger.  Can't wait to come back and try more!
2	The food is amazing and that is the only thing that keeps me going back there. The service on the other hand is terrible. I have been a total of 4 times over the last 6 months and had several different waiters, but it hasn't gotten better. They never come to the table, my check was calculated wrong, and they don't have a good understanding of their menu. Good luck trying to email them about their service because their website just directs you to their menu. Guess they just don't want to be contacted about making their service better.
4	I've been talking this spot up for over a year to my friends and I'll finally made it in.My most recent visit occurred during happy hour, 3-6pm M-Thursday (at last glance). They have an amazing deal of $5 well drinks, $3 apps and 7 or so burgers for $7.77.The burgers were good (might want to up the fat content), the bartender Anyalator was funny, but they got rid of the Cheese Curds. I actually couldn't believe it, but everything else made up for it.
4	LBS Burger.  Fast friendly service.  Good selection of beer on tap,  mixed drinks served as well. Nice atmosphere.The burgers were awesome. I had a blue cheese burger. Juicy,  beautiful.  Mysweetie had a sun dried tomato burger, and she loved it.No complaints. I recommend.
4	Burgers are pretty good, the Irish Nachos are great. The meat isn't grass-fed though, it's corn-fed. The waiter was great and they have a good selection of alcoholic everything. Beer, liquor, alcoholic milkshakes...yeah milkshakes.I wish the beef was grass-fed, or at least had that as an option (I'll pay handsomely for it!) They do offer sweet potato fries and lettuce wrap as options on all the burgers they sell and they take the time to confirm which kind of bun/wrap you want with each order. Unfortunately the lettuce wrap isn't really wrapped at all so the burger is more of a fork and knife ordeal but that's not a big issue.Will be here again for sure, on a day that I'm up to have a high carb load and not care about eating white potatoes and processed cheese food substitutes or whatever it is on those Irish Nachos. Delicious. The boothes, by the way, are AWFUL. Way too low, and too close to the tables. They seem to know this already and acknowledge it by asking as soon as you're seated at a booth "If you're uncomfortable with the booth or they're too low, we are more than happy to move you to a table. Enjoy your meal!" I got that when we were seated, and heard the two booths adjacent to me get the same info when they were seated.I encourage you to give this place a shot, most of the reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 has to do with special dietary preference (Paleo) and the boothes. If you get a table instead and don't care about the same things I care about with regards to food, you'll probably have an excellent meal!
4	I've been here a couple times since a purchased two Groupons a while ago. It's pretty hard to leave unsatisfied when dining at a restaurant at half the price. Nonetheless, I dare say these were some damn good burgers. We sat at the bar and received grea service form the bartender, it was an off hour. Both times I tried the Perfect Burger, and indeed it may very well be perfection. It has gruyere, bacon and an onion marmalade and it is sooo good! My husband ordered the Steakhouse Burger the first time, but after tying mine agreed it was better. Oh man, and for sure order the potato twisters, they are delish!
3	The burgers are good, but was really makes this place worth it are the shakes! You can get your standard shake with a variety of delicious flavors, or you can spice it up with alcoholic versions. Simply awesome.
4	Great burgers. A bit expensive but it's a nice treat.
2	I feel two is such a harsh rating but it is true that "I've experienced better" food. The bartender Thomas was very nice. Friendly. Conversational. He wasn't intrusive, but kept me company if you will.... The almond joy milkshake was amazing. The burger (I got the egg one) was just okay. I have had better burgers back home (e.g., B Spot). I got the Zucchini fries for an up-charge. They were nice thick cuts, but completely covered in deep fried on batter. Thankfully after one bite on the end you could pull out the zucchini. Also the feature where you charge your bill to your room was somehow broken even though I had used it in the hotel gift shop this morning.
5	Chimay Triple, on tap, in a casino, 10 feet off the gaming floor. nuff said.
4	I've eaten at lbs at least five times since my last review ( many moons ago ) My "go-to" burgers are the Steak burger  and the bacon and egg burger:Steak Burger ( $13.50) - pepper crusted burger, swiss cheese shrooms and creamy horseradish sauceBacon & egg ($11.95) - burger, fried egg, smoked bacon. white cheddar, etcInterestingly, their "perfect burger" is pretty much the same as the "pub burger" at Public House ( their sister restaurant on the strip at Venetian/Palazzo ) yet it cost almost $6 less at LBS.They consistently cook the burger to my liking.I'm  big fan of the twister option for my side - basically their potato chips that come in a huge mound and i'm told the mound is from one potato - that's one big frickin' potato people ! Decent draft beer options.Personally, i think the shakes are pricey for what you get but i'm not a big fan of a shake/malt with a burger.Service is inconsistent but not to the point it affects the meal.They have a great happy hour between 2-6pm.  Several burgers are priced at $7.77 and $4 pints ( along with a few other deals ) I will continue to visit LBSpics posted
3	I had high hopes for this place, but was disappointed by a few things. My wife got the regular burger and I got the organic turkey burger.First, their regular white buns tasted sweet and cinnamon-like. It was as if they put a burger between two donuts. Once the burger was taken off the bun the meat tasted good but a burger shouldn't be eaten like that unless you are intentionally on some low-carb kick.I got the organic turkey burger on a wheat bun. I must say it was pretty decent, the turkey was juicy and actually a bit fatty, which is good for turkey since it tends to be flavorless.The fries were OK, a bit on the greasy/tasteless side. Wasn't a fan.The waiter was very friendly though and our service time was quick. Also, the place was very clean which is a plus. With so many restaurant choices in Vegas and other burger places I probably wouldn't return, but if I did I would get a burger on a wheat bun.
4	I can't believe I have never reviewed LBS as it is one of our favorite spots in Vegas! Fat Girl Friendly: YES! tables, ample booths & sturdy seatingDrinks: Wide selection of hand crafted cocktails and shots. Plus as an upscale sports bar, they have a good selection of beer, both on tap and bottled. BUT, for me, where they shine is in their Bloody Mary menu. By far my favorite in all of Vegas. And if you could see my FB Bloody Mary album you'd know I've tried them everywhere. My personal favorite is the Something About Cucumber. Made with muddled cucumber and agave nectar, it is about as perfect as I've ever found a Bloody Mary. My manwhore likes the Pork N Mary which is made with Black Grouse (a scotch) Southern Comfort lime & garnished with bacon. In fact before we hit the tables/slots we stop and get 2 Bloody's to go. they are that good.Food: The appetizers are typical sports bar food. Irish Nachos (cross cut potatoes with sour cream, cheese etc melted over them) mini pretzels (our favorite), Buffalo Chicken Dip are all good choices and are great for sharing. But lets get to their main reason for being called LBS in the 1st place. Burgers: After many tries, we have settled on our favorites. The Perfect Burger: cooked to perfection and then garnished with an onion marmalade that will make you wanna slap your mama. No really I do think my sons hit me (with love) on the shoulder and say "That's a dayam good burger" The Caprese: Just what it implies. Perfectly cooked burger garnished with a beefsteak tomato & buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with EVOO & an aged balsamic. The UP UP side of this is that you can have a beef burger OR a turkey burger OR a house made Vegan patty which is by far the best vegan burger I've ever had. Staff is very friendly and the entire place is surrounded by walls & ceilings of old license plates giving it a modernized retro feel. Our average bill with cocktails & appetizers & burgers averages about 75-90.00. Ok 2 rounds of cocktails. LBS is worth every inch!
5	Amazing burgers, perhaps the best I've ever had!  Killer desserts, and a happy hour that can't be beat!Joe, our server, was stellar!  This place is worth a cross-town drive!
1	Came in with 15% off coupon & would not honor for takeout. Coupon didn't state that restriction. Management made a bad call... Great burger joint that has lost my business.
3	These guys change their menu way too often which is why I find myself eating there less and less.  I have lived in Summerlin for four years, and my first two years here I ate at LBS at least three times a month.  Now, it is about once a quarter.  The reason is there menu seemed to change often, and when the got rid of the make your own burger I could not make what I liked if they had removed it from the menu.Their food is delicious and I have no problem paying $10-$15 for a great burger.  The mound of fries is really too big, but I still eat them all when I get them because they are some of the best fries ever.  The side salad with their balsamic dressing is tasty; I usually opt for that since the burgers hit the waste line pretty hard.  My favorite burger is the braketology burger when it is on the menu.The beer selection is great too.  And if you just feel like total fat Armageddon, get a milkshake as well.
3	Got the California burger which is a turkey burger.  Ordered normal fries and my bestie ordered sweet potato fries. My burger was huge but I still gave it the old college try and ate until I was disgustingly full.  I got a buttload of fries and a stella beer on draft. I've had better burgers but this was still good.
5	Lbs. Burger is located inside the Red Rock Casino. The only complaint I have is that you have to walk through the casino to get to Lbs.I would say this is another one of my favorite burger places. They have excellent burgers and great fries too. The service is excellent and the staff is very friendly. The pricing is very reasonable for the quality of the food also.Highly recommend!
4	Tried the perfect burger, and tho i cant say it was PERFECT, it was pretty damn good! Staff was friendly and the overall experience was better than i was expecting! When i want a restaurant style burger, i will definitely consider this place
5	They never disappoint. Solid place to go, never had a bad experience.
4	My mom and I were at Red Rock gambling and decided to try LBS Burger for dinner.  We only waited for a few minutes for a table.  Not sure why they were making people wait as there were tons of empty tables.  Maybe they were down a waiter that night.  Our waiter came over right away and took our drink order.  They have a full bar so you order just about anything.  They have some fun drink combinations too if you are into that.  My mom ordered the Perfect burger with waffle fries.  I ordered the turkey burger with onion rings.  We both enjoyed our meals.  I don't typically order turkey burgers but I had just had a beef burger elsewhere and wanted something different.  The turkey burger did not disappoint.  I love the toppings on it - slaw, avocado, etc.  And the onion rings and waffle fries were delicious.  Nice and crispy.  The onion rings were cooked perfectly - no stringy onions when you bit into them.  I love the dipping sauce that came with them.  I will have to come back to try some of the other burger combos and drinks.
5	Great burger place. Loved the warm pretzels and the burgers are gigantic. Overall pretty quick service - we were in and out in less than an hour.
4	in a sprawling resort that is far, far away from the strip, one might ask oneself "what should I do for food?"  While there are many options available at the Red Rock Resort and Spa, might i humbly suggest LBS burger, which i had for lunch and was shortly thereafter unable to consume anything else.  I had a burger.  it came with bacon.  it came with stinky cheese.  i swapped my fries for zucchini sticks, thinking it would totally negate the 2000 calories i was about to consume.  there was a lot of beer available.  i had strawberry lemonade (or was it raspberry?).  that burger definitely felt like multiple LBS in my stomach.  it was worth every single bite.  i sat at the bar, the bartender was very attentive.  i mean.. it was 11:30 and it was just me, but he could have dicked around on his phone instead.  instead he gave me his phone number.  whoops.
4	This is a cool little burger joint located in the Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa. We were looking to find a somewhere to eat before our movie and stumbled upon this place.The decor is nice and very "American". The ceiling is lined in white license plates and there's even an American flag hanging on the ceiling made out of license plates as well. All the servers are dressed in mechanic shirts and there's a huge, multi-colored steer hanging by the bar. You literally sink into the booths...they are super comfy. I dig it. I checked in on Foursquare (sssssh!) and received a free domestic beer with the purchase of an entree. I looked at their list and selected Sam Adams, however I was a little perturbed when the server said "the coupon is only good for Bud Light". Hmm, it doesn't say that on the coupon, but I wasn't gonna argue. Free is free.We ordered the warm sourdough pretzel sticks and cheese fondue to start. Decent size for $6.50. They are exactly like P.T.'s pretzel bites but beat their $9 price. They were yummy and the cheese fondue was tasty. My man got the Spicy Potato Twisters. These were a steal for $5 because the portion was HUGE...I mean, bigger than his head (and that's big. lol). I don't care for spicy but he loved them. The ghost pepper chili sauce satisfied his constant need for heat. P.S. these were featured on the show "Heat Seekers" on the Food Network. Cool!We then shared the "Bacon & Egg" burger because we had already consumed so much food. The burger was delicious and perfectly cooked. The bacon was crunchy and the egg wasn't runny (which I like). I am not a fan of their buns here though. They are really dense and take away from the flavor of everything else. I so wish they had Fuddrucker buns. Then this would be heaven on a plate. Regardless, at $11.95 this burger cost the same price as a Red Robin burger and I'd definitely choose this place over them! The white American cheese was a nice touch and their fries were plentiful. I liked the skin that they left on them!As Arnold would say...."I'll be back!".
3	I've had the Perfect Burger (gruyere, tomato, bacon, onion marmalade, LBS sauce and herb mayo) and the Bacon and Eggs (bacon, sunny side up, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, LBS sauce, red onion, spicy mayo) and they were both good. Flavorful and better than your average burger.We started off with an order of pretzels. Nothing special.  We shared a Longhorn burger (beef brisket, beef patty, fried onion rings, BBQ sauce, coleslaw). We ordered it the usual medium rare but that's not what we got. They were closing in 30 minutes when we got there so we just sucked it up and ate the burger anyway. We also got the potato twisters because I love these things. They're like homemade potato chips...crisp and hot.  We also got a virgin Chunky Monkey shake (bananas, peanut butter malt) - too sweet.The service was ok. This is 3-3.5 stars in my book. It's ok and probably #10 out 10 on my best burger in Vegas list.
3	This place has awesome burgers and shakes, highly recommend, and we do frequent it often. However, tonight, Saturday July 6, we tried to get a table at 5:15 and they were no where near busy, the hostess was too busy flirting with 4 guys placing a takeout order and neglected to even acknowledge us. After 5-6 minutes I finally asked her "do we seat ourselves?" She was so absorbed in her conversation she didn't even hear me and then took on to seat another party that had walked in after us. So needless to say we're a little disappointed that we didn't get the LBS that we were craving but The Yardhouse was more than happy to acknowledge and accommodate our party of 8...
5	One my favorite restaurants. I like the casual pub like atmosphere. There is always a game on their TV's. Staff provide good friendly service. They have a solid selection on draught beers and the bartenders are fairly creative with their cocktails. The Vegan Burger chased down with a Chamay is my regular fair... YUM.Great Burger Joint!!!
3	Still in search for the best burgers in town.....Which leads us to LBS in Red Rock! Some had this on their top list of burgers in Vegas, so we had to put it to the test :)The Longhorn ($13.50) : BBQ Smoked Brisket, Creamy Cole Slaw, Onion Ring, and BBQ Sauce. This thing was super messy and rich. The burger itself is an above average burger, but far from the top of the list IMO. Still a solid buy in Red Rock! But if you are looking for the BEST...keep looking!I really liked the Potato Twisters though! It was a huge portion, big enough for 3-4 to share. We couldn't finish it actually, so all the Yelpers did during the bowling UYE afterwards lol. Good flavor here too...wish they had a fry sauce or something to dip them in vs ketchup though.Prices are good, and portions are great.  Service was pretty fast and friendly as well.Couple pics :
2	After moving to the area, I really wanted LBS to win me over so I could count on it to be my regular, nearby, burger joint.But unfortunately after three attempts, I've received average to poor service.  The burgers were underwhelming, bland, and never cooked to my specified doneness.The fries are plentiful, whether you get the famous spicy potato twisters or just regular thin cuts, but definitely not enticing enough to even eat more than a few bites.LBS, in my opinion, gives you just that pounds of food, but in the taste category, it just doesn't cut it.
4	Good place, nice atmosphere, good food, great staff, terrible booths.We go here every-so-often.  The burgers are, well, burgers.  They are definitely not bad, but not out-of-this-wold-amazing, either.  I really like the casual atmosphere and it's a great place to watch football and eat.  The staff has always been outstanding.  The servers, hosts, and bussers are very friendly, helpful, and the service is quick.  This kind of service has been my experience every time I have been here.  This is an odd observation, but really the only detracting feature about LBS is the booths. Literally the seats themselves.  You will get swallowed up in them, and they make dining kind of an odd experience of eating while trying to balance on a stability ball with a large feather pillow on top.  A child's booster seat is more like a roller coaster!If you are looking for a decent burger and the usual sides in a casual atmosphere with great servers, LBS is it - sit at a table, though.  Burgers: 3.5Bar: 4Atmosphere: 4Service: 5Booths: -2
4	Recently went here during my stay at Red Rock Casino and Resort.  I heard some good things about this place so I tried it.  I was definitely not disappointed.  They had some interesting cocktail choices, but I didn't have a chance to try it this time.  I did however try their Buffalo Dip, which was fantastic.  Along with their El Caliente burger which was also great.  Service was quick and polite.  I would come back.
4	We picked this burger joint because Lucille's was packed. A very satisfying burger, with loads of fries, sweet potato fries, or onion rings. I wlked out with a smile, and a big belly.
4	We checked in to our room at Red Rock and were quite hungry. We headed downstairs to find a place to eat. We needed something "kid friendly" so the hubs and I settled on LBS. The atmosphere has a very rustic Americana vibe. Fitting for a burger joint. I ordered the Perfect Burger and it was as delicious as you might think. It was cooked exactly as I requested and delivered with a side of sweet potato fries. Delish! The service was great and the food was delicious.I will definitely go back.
4	They now have fried pickles!  The dipping sauces are fun. Zucchini fries are good. I have eaten at a lot of burger joints in town and this is my favorite overall.
4	Had lunch there and got a ton of burgers. Very filling. Tried the phili beef egg rolls, weird, but good in a salty, cheesy, beefy-way. i did not like the crab burger, but enjoyed one with egg on it. onion rings were fresh, sweet potato fries were better than regular fries, but cost a bit extra. good for table variety.
5	Had veggie burger and homemade chips (twisters) this visit. Great food and great (but small) beer selection. Love this place.
5	I love this burger joint! It is slightly gourmet so don't stop here if you are looking for a cheap burger. Anytime the Hubby and I are on this side of town or have people come in from out of town, we go here. It has a dark rock and roll kinda vibe which suits us well. The selection is great, the staff is awesome, and the food is delish! I am picky when it comes to frys, and this place has the best shoestring frys ever! The burgers are fresh and hardy. You wont leave this place hungry. The only negative is that the booths that they have are cool looking, but are a little uncomfortable due to being low....so its hard to get up after your filling meal. Opt for a table instead! I 100% recommend this place!
1	Food was good and beer was way over priced you can go to yard house and get two beers for the price of one at lbs, service sucked the manger and bartender spent more time watching football then pouring beer. would never go there again
5	Absolutely AMAZING!!!the Oreo Shake was the best Oreo shake I've ever had in my life, and the Kansas City burger with it, was just......".PARADISE!?thats the only way I can describe it......chef Christopher actually came out and asked how the food was, and our server(I think her name was Karla) was really nice and helpful, in all honesty, from the moment I walked in, the customer service was awesome,  and then to have amazing food go with it, is just....,,,, PARADISE!?...On a scale from 1-10 I give this place a 20!! Can't wait to go back!! I definitely recommend this place!!!
1	Wow. What an awful experience.Their computers were down so they couldn't take orders when we got there.We tried to order a bellini after ordering our meal. We were told they were out of the mixes to make it. We wanted to leave then, but told that we would still need to pay for our food even though it was not ready yet.We ordered the spicy chips that were featured on Food Network - they were not spicy at all. We were told that we had to make our own spicy chips due to too may complaints so they brought over the sauce separate from the chips. When I am paying $20 for a burger and fries, I don't want to make my own meal. This isn't McDonalds. I expect it to be what I ordered and what is advertised.Then when the check came, we were told that the system was down and they can't accept credit cards. It would have been nice to tell us that before we ordered.The table behind us were also very upset and complained to the manager. When the manager passed our table he was laughing and called the customers very vulgar names to a waitress.This was on October 18, 2013 around 7:30pm.
4	I love the pretzels with cheese.  Great burger and fries.  I have been a few times.  Always consistent and friendly.
2	I was really pleased to see a burger joint in the red rock where we are staying. I love a good burger and have been on a search for good burgers for a few years now. So the question is did LBS make the grade?First off this place is pricey. I mean for a burger to pay $15 it better knock my socks off. Also they want you to pay $7 for beer? I'm from Utah where we have to pay higher prices because they tax the hell out of it but it still is rarely as expensive as it was here. Total bill for two burgers and two beers was $52. Was it worth it? Yes and no but mostly no. We started with the fried pickles that were very good. For my burger I went with the perfect burger my wife the classic. We liked them both. I say LIKED because it wasn't anything mind blowing. Good yes but not great. The potato twisters were the best thing we had here so be sure to get those. They are basically home made potato chips and they give you a mountain of them. Overall it was a good experience. But the value just isn't there for me. Good but not really memorable food priced as great food drops the rating for LBS in my book.
1	Bartender sucks!!!!!!!! Go to the casino and order your drinks!!!!! Hope the food is better. Food was good, service (including waitress) sucks!!! Dont know why Red Rock hosts this establishment????
4	The burgers really are good, and the fries are excellent. Prices are pretty high - expect around $14 per a burger - which is mainly why it doesn't get a 5. It wasn't very crowded when I was there and service was fairly quick, but I can see how it could get packed at peak times and mess everything up.They do have a good $7.77 burger special that cuts the price almost inhalf, but remember it doesn't start until 2 p.m.
4	It's so sad LBS Burger is losing their lease and closing on Sunday.  We enjoyed the fried pickles and the spicy Twister apps-  both delicious! Then I had the Steakhouse Burger the onion marmalade and horseradish sauce make an amazing burger!  Oh and I started off the evening with the Barrymore cocktail- get it! It was orange whiskey refreshing! I'm going to try and make it back before they close.
3	3.5 starsThe severs were kind of cranky and we were almost afraid to ask for anything. The sweet potato fries and wings were decent. The burgers were average and a little pricey for what they were (we had the El Caliente and the Caprese).
3	Dang, this place was fire! I got a burger that had some kind of BBQ deliciousness on it. It was so good and then I ordered waffle fries which I'm always psyched to see as an option on the menu. The downside? Our server was a dick. He couldn't have acted less enthused to be there and was rushing us through our orders and meals. He told is to hurry and order before the kitchen closed... Which I found odd because it was like 6:30 in the evening. Seems like a silly time to close. He was completely inattentive with drink refills and had an attitude MELTDOWN when we asked for separate checks as if we ordered copious and confusing amounts of food. There were four of us each with one burger and one drink. Chill out bro. I wish I could remember his name or find my receipt cuz id like to give him a personal "quit your job if you hate it so much," invitation.
