3	The lowered floor for the bartenders was the first thing I noticed because I thought they were Little People.  Then I realized my mistake.  (oops.  lowered floor.)The tables have a water-ripple effect on the top that is fun to play with.  You can also take photo's of yourself and send them to another table in the room.  But they sort of look like those old Pac Man machines with their chunkiness.The chairs and lounges have a clean, modern feel.  The servers wear sexy referee outfits with black fishnet stockings.  And the drinks are appropriately overpriced.  It felt like a nightclub in the middle of a casino!
5	The drinks here are soooo good...too good, if you know what I mean. I couldn't stop with just one. Oh no...Mine was a Naughty Induglance (vodka, fresh rasberries, and I don't know what else) The best drink I ever had...really. Others in my group had other drinks, but we all concluded mine was the best. Second round we all had that one. They costs $12 each,  that seems to be the going rates for a speciality martini these days. We had signed up for text offers when we hit town, and got these for $5. It was a bargain. Tell that to my throbing head the next morning...but so worth it. I'd do it again...
3	Came here during labor weekend for a place to have a few drinks. Bartender were nice and helpful offering drink specials. Prices ranges from $6-$12 for well/special drinks/beer. Overall a great place to hang out with friends and love ones.
3	Um at the I-Bar, there are women "dressed" in lingerie dancing on top of these elevated platforms to resurrected '90s music. Great. Drop it like its hot in your thigh hi's right above my cocktail. Gee. Thanks. The cocktail was delicious though. I had "Delightful kiss!" and Mara G. braved the bartender's choice. Whoa! Ok. Easy baby.I would return to the I-Bar again. Hope they have some male dancers in lingerie next time. I guess you have to pay to get into the Chippendale's show for that...
5	We always have a great time at the Ibar...  Bartenders are nice... Mixed drinks are strong and the prices are good.... :)
2	I was stuck in the Rio while waiting for a friend to show up.  This place looked like a lobby bar, but sounded like a night club.  So, I was intrigued and curious.  Came in, ordered a mai tai, which was horrible and probably came pre-made out of a gun.If I was looking for a club, I probably wouldn't have been bothered, but I was looking for a lobby bar to meet my friend at. Meh... Unique idea, just not for me.Not gonna complain about the prices, because, well... Vegas prices in a Vegas bar... Who would've imagined...
3	Well, it's Vegas, baby.  The drinks were over priced, the scene was meh and the people were all looking to get laid by someone in the bar.  The highlight was our bartender, Tim.  He was nice and poured a strong drink.  I think his name was Tim...I would go back, if I was staying at Rio but I wouldn't drive to Rio from another hotel to party there.
5	One thing I absolutel loved about this bar and the entire reason for their 5 star is how their table and seats are arranged! Usually when i go to a bar or even sit at a restaurant on the counter there is one problem that always happens to me! My feet does not touch the floor... which can make your seating uncomfortable. You are hopping on to the chair and hopping off the chair..however at the I bar, the seats were so low to the ground.. and the tables where also made low.. i could actually sit there with my feet flat on the floor.. and it being a rotating chair i could spin around!unfortunately i could not have any drinks, but if I could i would have had a grand time!
5	We had such a great time at the ibar while we were in Vegas this past weekend.  The bartenders are fun and put on a really good show.  They are friendly and attentive.  THey pour a large glass of wine too which we really appreciated.  The DJ (AndrewB) was playing a lot of fun songs from the 80's, 90's and present day.  The dancers were cute and seemed to enjoy the crowd.  We made friends here both nights we hung out here.  The crowd was lot of fun.  I don't know if that is typical or if we were just there on a good weekend.  I suggest you check it out.
3	This bar in the middle of the casino floor at The Rio features Microsoft Surface machines, giving it a bit of geek cred. These tables let you play games with your friends or even with patrons at other tables. You can even flirt across the room with people you want to talk to, but honestly if you are flirting over a computer instead of saying hello like a real person, you might want to rethink your life priorities.A fun gimmick and decent drinks, though this place is otherwise a typical casino bar. The Microsoft Surface tables are no longer cutting edge tech, but they're still free to play and fun to interact with. And they give you a small preview of what Microsoft's personal tablets will be like when they're rolled out.
3	Great place to people watch, since its in the middle of all the "action".  Not the best drink choices, but helpful bartenders that accommodated our large party of 10.  Even though they didn't have a comfortable place to sit all 10 of us at once, it wasn't that crowded, so we made it work.Typical Vegas style, very scantly dressed waitresses that make me want to take off my shirt and cover them up.
3	Okay bar, with attentive bar staff but the bar can use some updates on their hardgoods such as chairs and tables.
4	This fun little bar has become a "Vegas staple" due to one drink: The Darkness.  It's a vodka drink with muddled blackberries, and it goes down real smooth.  Be careful though, there's definitely alcohol in there!I have met some very interesting people here.  The half-naked dancers and waitresses, good music and readily available cocktails make for a killer combination late at night.  It's off-strip, so it's not as wild as some other places, and I think that leads to more guards being let down.  Our waitress this past time may have been having a bad night, but she was quite rude.  Take note: if you sit at a table, order from a waitress.  If you sit at the bar, order from the bar.  Don't get confused.  This wouldn't have been a problem if she'd been attentive to our table, but some of the less patient (slightly tipsy) members of our group weren't willing to wait to catch her attention when she clearly wasn't worried about coming back to serve us.  Then she scolded them for going to the bar for service.  Repeatedly.  If she'd told us the rules in a nicer way and then returned to offer drink refills, everything would have been fine.  As it was, I think she lost a big chunk of her tip.I-Bar is in The Rio so we've ended up going upstairs to the VooDoo Rooftop nightclub.  This is a fun place to start though!
3	The bar was crammed but clean and the waitresses were super friendly and accommodating.  I'm sure we will be back next year. The bloody mary's are super great!
1	Never in my life as a paying customer have I been so offended by a bartender.   My wife and I stopped by IBAR at the Rio for a quick drink then some gambling.   I had half a beer left but was gonna need another one soon, so I wanted to order us both a drink.  We sat at the bar and noticed the bartender looking at me in a strange way.  I asked how he was doing and got no response, just a stare.  He asked me if I had seen the sign at the door, which I had not.  He explained the sign said "NO OUTSIDE DRINKS", had I been able to read it I would know.  His condescending tone, and implying that I am not able to read is completely unacceptable.  I simply stood up and told him that I am not going to give him my hard earned money so that he could insult me and my wife.  He said he didn't care and shrugged his shoulders all while keeping his condescending attitude.  We walked ourselves not only out of the bar, but left the RIO all entirely.  I understand the policy of no outside drink, however the manner in which this bartender is enforcing it is unacceptable to any paying patron.  Had he approached me differently, I would have zero problem finishing my beer before going into the bar.  Needless to say RIO will be boycotted during our visits to Las Vegas.  It's too bad because we always enjoyed visiting and staying there.  I hope this bartender understands that he represents the entire brand of the RIO not just the IBAR, and how his courtesies can completely make or break a customers experience.  Sent from my iPad
5	Comfy place to watch a game, do some people watching, and have a Caipirinha. A good break from the craps table. This place has talent.
4	If you show your local ID and your players card (free to get), the drinks are 50% off. Good place to catch up with friends. They have go go dancers, which is entertaining. I'm mostly entertained by the music videos they play on their tv screens throughout the bar. The whole place is a circle, but it's never hard to find seating.
5	Locals get a 50% off discount with a Nevada ID and Players Card.  Bloody Mary was perfect and just what I was in the mood for.  Nice bartender and waitresses. 5 stars because the Bloody Mary is begging me to return and I very rarely drink any alcohol.
