1	This was some of the worst pizza I've ever had. We stopped in for a late night snack on the way back to the hotel. I got a personal pizza, and my friend got an Italian hoagie. One slice of this pizza, and I immediately felt sick. This doesn't generally happen to me. I finished the slice and that was it. I couldn't eat anymore. She thought her hoagie was okay, but the pizza...oh, the horror of the pizza. Avoid.
3	I eat this pizza all the time when downtown, usually when running around at events like First Night or the Gallery Crawls...not the best pizza I have ever had in my life, but it's not bad!  And I haven't ever gotten sick from it.  Just wanted to offer a different opinion.
2	Average pizza. But with ten guys working - and not much business at the moment - it still took twenty minutes to get a slice of pepperoni. I'll walk across the street next time.
1	This place is awful.  The pizza is not good, but what is worse is the people who run the place.  They screwed up my order and refused to fix it.  I told them I was going to throw it away and order from somewhere else.  And I did.  Its really too bad, they are super close to my apartment. If they would've just been nice and switched it, I'd probably order from them again just based on that alone.
3	I was stranded in Pittsburgh for a few hours, actually stranded, long story. I wanted a place to eat that was moderately priced, and I was craving a sub or hoagie. I opted for the veggie hoagie sans cheese. It was average, I liked that it was served on garlic bread and the Italian dressing was great. Perfectly toasted. I feel like it was a bit pricey for a ten inch veggie hoagie and a soda at 9.75 but it was late and I was hungry. It's a small joint, not the nicest decor, but it's just your average typical pizza place. Doubt I'll be back.
1	Unfortunately this dump is right down the street from my hotel and not really having eaten much all day, I was hungry.The service was terrible....no one knew what they were doing so it took 10 minutes to get a freaking slice of pizza and then when said pizza came it was NASTY.My husband once got a pizza in Milwaukee where they put Kraft singles on it as cheese and Pizza Parma is just behind that for worst pizza ever.
4	We stopped in here during one of our recent Downtown adventures, and I didn't find the place to be a dump at all. They should turn down the yellow, though! LOL. The pizza's pretty good as well. I had a big slice of pepperoni pizza and had no problems with it. They have a large menu also.
3	PIzza Parma's decent tasting mega-big-2ft-long hot sausage hoagie was let down by the piss poor attitude of the staff, the lack of cleanliness of the tables and floor, the out-of-order red door restroom, the bright yellow for no-explicable reason walls. The large color-striped 80's retro tables and green chairs have come back in style but this win is purely accidental and achieved only by laziness and lack of renovation.That is all.
4	Agree with Darren.I popped in to Pizza Parma for a slice of pie.     The slices were large, hot, and passed the stand test for New York style slices.I will definitely go back for their pizza.
5	I honestly have no idea what half the people on here are talking about - this  pizza is amazing.  I don't even know what is so good about it, it's just great pizza - very hot and delicious, and slices are $2.50-$3 each.  You really can't beat that.  Is it the nicest-looking restaurant ever?  No - but get over it, it's a pizza place.
1	I am really disturbed, tonight I ordered crab ravioli and I have kind of a special cheese culture allergy. Creams totally fine in small doses milk is too) so I ordered to the ravioli and said please no cheese it'll make me very sick." "If there's no way to order this without just call me and I'll change my order." The pasta came smelling an awful lot like mozzarella) so I called and asked if the guy could check if the order had accidentally had cheese put in it. I mean I get things happen! "The gentleman told me he didn't know what was in the food and I should look it up online." Then he proceeded to say if I was worried I should have someone taste it and snorted when I said I was dining alone. I'm upset and offended. I run my own business... and promote local business's constantly. I will be very sure to let everyone know this Pizza Parma.. believes the customer is not only not right, but their health doesn't matter.  What a bummer. I used to be a big fan.
2	Hubby and I dropped in after a hellish morning at the Social Security office. Hubby loves pizza so we made a stop.Pizza wan't bad, it was actually pretty decent. But the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude.
4	Food was pretty good.  I had the Greek salad and my sister had pizza both good choices here.  Staff is friendly.
3	Late night in Downtown and nowhere to go for food? Sounds familiar? Unfortunately I can't be much of a help unless you consider the usual fast food joints and pizza a good late night snack. The Pizza Parma location on 8th and Penn does its job okay, pizza in all sizes (slice starting at $2.50), soft drinks, salad and pasta dishes, for eat-in or take-out. Sure, I've eaten better pizza in my life but if it's 10pm and all choices out there are McDonald's, Subway, or Pizza - I'll choose the greasy Italian-like option.
2	Good for a fast lunch. Had the gyro and added feta. Gyro was fine. Bottle of coke had icy slush in it.
5	Friendly service, good food and cozy atmosphere. Open late so best place to stop by and get some delicious snacks. 20" hoagie is the bomb:)
2	Update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best.  So disappointing, we loved it the first time!  My guess is that if you get pizza right out of the oven you're good to go - otherwise, you're SOL.
5	We've ordered 3 times now, and the pizza and wings are consistently good. Food always arrives within a reasonable amount of time, and prices are pretty good too. I'm sure we'll be ordering again in the near future.
5	I'm glad I listened to my friend's recommendation and not some of these bad reviews. We're just in town for the night and wanted something delivered to our hotel. They said it would take an hour, which I expected on Super Bowl Sunday right at game time, but it was here in less than half an hour. The pizza was delicious! Just the right balance of cheese and a tasty sauce, generous with the toppings, and a nicely crispy crust but not too thin.
5	It was my birthday, I was drunk, and high off of stripper fumes from Blush located next door. Pizza sounded amazing.The employees here had an awesome sense of humor and a great attitude. Pizza is floppy, greasy, salty, and delicious. I inhaled two slices along with a Mexican coke. +1 star for Mexican coke yeah! +1 star for the sign about the shakers that I thought was HILARIOUS at whatever hour I was there.Thanks Pizza Parma! You are a champ!
3	This place was right near the Megabus and we were hungry, so we stopped in and got a few slices and some sodas for the road. I must say, I was very happy with the road treat. The pizza slices were warm, cheesy, fresh and perfectly cooked and the road sodas were cold.Slices were massive......and that's how I like it.I'd choose this place over a Sbarro's 9 times out of 10.....and I like S'barros, so that's saying a lot.
5	My fiance & I have lived in downtown Pittsburgh for over a year + now & this place is fabulous. My sweetie LOVES LOVES LOVESSS pizza & we order from here a ton.  We haven't ordered anything here that wasn't super tasty.The shop is small & the decor is super bright which makes you want to get in & out quickly but who the hell eats in there anyways. ... you're grabbing your order & running.
5	My fiance & I have lived in downtown Pittsburgh for over a year + now & this place is fabulous. My sweetie LOVES LOVES LOVESSS pizza & we order from here a ton.  We haven't ordered anything here that wasn't super tasty.The shop is small & the decor is super bright which makes you want to get in & out quickly but who the hell eats in there anyways. ... you're grabbing your order & running.
4	Strolling through Pridefest the other day we became very hungry. It was hot and crowded and we wanted to strand away from the main event for a little and get a good slice of pizza for a good price.The atmopshere is very "dive-y pizza joint-y." Nothing wrong with that because I come from the beliefs that the divey-er the better! (Nobody makes chicken fingers and fries like a greasy bar!) There are some tables for sit-in, but nothing is top of the line. It was comfortable to get away from the crowds and escape the heat for a little with only one other table dining inside as well. I got the lunch deal which was a personal pan pizza (one topping of your choice) and a bottle of pop for about $7-$8. Not bad! The pizza tasted great, was at a good temperature and had that good amount of grease that I was anticipating from a downtown pizza shop. Service was great as well! The man working the counter acknowledged us from the moment we walked through the door and was nothing but kind. He answered all of our questions and was very polite.
1	Looking for a quick bite to eat and a local told me this was "the best pizza in the city."  I got a plain slice and a pepperoni slice. Possibly the worst pizza I have ever eaten.  This wouldn't even qualify as pizza in North Jersey.  I ate half of the plain slice because I was starving....then threw both in the garbage.  If this is really the best pizza in Pittsburgh... wow.
1	Zero stars. Came in 10 mins before close. Female manager on duty asked for $100 in exchange for a pizza. When we refused she said she could not serve us because her employees had been working since 9am..,it is currently 2:00 am... Sounds pretty illegal to me
4	Pizza is delicious chicken ranchero is one of the best pizzas i have ever had and they have a deal where u get xl specialty pizza with free sub or wings deff a must try
4	I got delivery and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time, but it was over done for my liking and colder than I expected. It still tasted good so I popped it in the oven and that helped enough to be able to enjoy it. They forgot my drink when they made the delivery but the driver went back and got my drink and returned in under 10 minutes. That alone is why I'm giving it 4 stars because being a delivery driver myself in the past, I understand how easy it can be to forget something small and when you're really busy so it's hard to be quick with bringing the missing items while keeping up with other orders. I will definitely order again just because of the service from their driver.
4	I feel like Pizza Parma is a prime example of "don't judge a book by its cover." When you walk by Pizza Parma while downtown, it's pretty easy to write it off, especially when there's so many fine dining options in the area now. It doesn't help that the place tends to be pretty empty, at least from what I've observed - a lack of visible patrons definitely can keep people away. But today I decided to give them a shot, because I really didn't want to stop in anywhere for a big meal - I just wanted a cheap piece of pizza.Though the place does have a "dive-y" feel to it, it did look very clean and had a welcoming atmosphere once I ventured on in. The tables and chairs - which were mostly the elevated and interconnected kind - admittedly looked a little worn down, but they weren't gross or anything like that. Since I knew I'd likely be eating in a few hours I opted to just eat a plain piece of cheese pizza to hold me over. One piece of cheese pizza and one bottle of Dr. Pepper to go with it cost me $4.25 - not bad, in my opinion. And while not fancy by any means the pizza was pretty tasty; it had the right blend of cheese and pizza and the sauce was very flavorful. It was exactly what you'd want when enjoying a plain ol' piece of pizza.I'll definitely keep this place's super quick service, relatively cheap prices and impressive portion sizes in mind from now on - it's good to know that there are places you can get into while downtown like this, and from what I'm hearing/reading it's worth exploring the menu and eating something other than pizza here. I admit, however, that I may get some food to go next time if I can, as the old elevated and connected chairs and tables in here sounded like they wanted to break apart at any moment...maybe it's time to update them. After all, "Dive-y" doesn't necessarily have to mean "falling apart," right?
