4	A great little place to get your shoes shined and have some conversation with Andy and whomever else might be around. They also offer drop-off service - so all you downtowners can drop off your shoes in the morning, pick them up when you're heading home, and have the shoes you're wearing cleaned up then!Prices are reasonable -- $5 or $7 for most men's shoe shines -- especially if you're not fond of doing it yourself.
5	Andy is awesome and reasonably priced.
5	I work down town. Last year I spent the most money I ever had on a pair of Florsheim shoes and the sole of the shoes was wearing away. I have had shoe shines done at Andy's in the past so I decided to see if they could fix up my investment. The actual shop is tiny. But what it lacks in size it makes up for in personality. The walls are all covered with sports memorabilia and pictures of Andy winning jackpots at the local casinos. There are several magazines to read of all kinds while you sit and get your shoes shined in any one of the chairs lifted up along the one wall. I dropped off my shoes on a Tuesday to Andy's wife. It would cost $65 to re-sole the shoes and she asked for a $25 deposit. They would be ready on Friday. I picked up the shoes in the morning and they had brand new Vibram soles and had been shined up. The job was very professional. I paid the remainder of my fee, switched out the shoes right there and walked out. Guys don't typically get facials or pedicures. But our version of a spa day is a barber shop shave and old shoes on your feet made new again with a simple shine and some new soles. Something about having some shiny new kicks really adds to the general attitude. I am extremely pleased with Andy's work and will be returning there again in a couple weeks when my shoes are ready for a shine up.One tip: it's cash only. There is an ATM in the convenience store next door but they charge a $2.50 fee which is a little much for a less than $10 shine, so come with the dollar bills in your wallet. Www.andysshoeshine.com
5	Andy is the MAN! Best service and quality! Quick service and very reasonable, always has a smile on his face. Thank you for serving downtown Phoenix!
5	Gave Andy's my shoes for some new heels on Friday and got them back on Tuesday. Fast turn around and quality, quality work. Look good as new.
5	Andy gives a really good shine, complete with a saddle-soap washing of the shoe before he goes to work.  Also had a heel replaced, shoes are sent off-site for repairs, I wish I knew exactly where, but the heal replacement was done well and was reasonably priced.  The location can be hard to find if you aren't paying attention.
5	Great service, awesome attitude and fun conversation. Andy's shop is small but BIG on service and is full of life. Your dress shoes, #sneakers #deadstock , #holygrail , #specialedition , #nike , #airforce1 etc...are in exceptional hands here. Swing by for a #shoeshine and support this local small business today!
