1	We always drive this place and it always has a line, so we decided to stop by one day and see what all the fuss was about.  After waiting for a good 15-20 minutes, we ordered 2 different ices planning to share them.  After my Fiance and I took a bite, we both looked at each other and thought there was way too much syrup and tasted like pure sugar.  I've had great snow cones all over and these were the worst I've ever had.  Don't waste your time driving here and waiting...
4	My Kid loves this place and we've been here a few times since the weather turned over to the depths of hell.Love the flavor choices and you can put ice cream in your cup along with your snowcone but the contrasting smooth ice cream and hard crunchy ice didn't work for me. (Tried to mix vanilla and their root beer for a root beer float and it didn't work)2nd time through I just had root beer and it was delicious . The daughter has only had Blue Rasberry and while she won't ever share with me I can speak to her Smurf blue lips and tounge when she finishes.The only down side to the place is that they don't have ample parking or a bench to sit and eat your treats. I can trust my teenager enough not to get syrup all over the leather in my car but if you have young kids they will either be running around a parking lot amped up on Sugar or sitting in your vehicle making everything sticky.Don't let that scare you. Its worth the risk and having to wipe down the interior of your vehicles.
1	So we had been driving by the Purple Penguin for the last three weeks and there has been a bunch of people waiting for their Snow cones.  So my wife and kids thought we would give it a try. We order four snow cones and we go a couple of different flavors and then the wait started, 25 minutes  and $21 later we got our cones and it was just marginal at best.  The Berry and Pomegranate seemed very sweet with no flavor.   While we were waiting they have a the Penguin Stand, with a donation drop off, with a water purifier, air pump and two  vacuums for the carwash and let's not forget the 12 gas pumps.   We saw a kid walking for the store to the Penguin almost get hit by a car, the driver didn't get chance to see them because the kid just darted out without looking!  There is way too much traffic in that parking lot and way too much STUFF!  For the price, not worth it, nor worth the wait!
5	I'm sorry but people who write reviews about the long lines & long waits need a reality check. This is a snow cone stand/truck at a gas station. And the fact that there is usually a long lines means that they are good!Me & my family live in the area & stop by once a week. The ice is shaved really fine, not crushed & the prices are very reasonable. A small with ice cream & condensed milk is $4.75. And they accept cards too (iPad swiper). The ice is shave fresh, so it takes a little while for each one made. They have umbrellas to use while you wait bc they are technically a food truck & they can't have a sitting or shaded area by law (their license). And you should be responsible for your own children in a gas station parking lot, not the workers.
5	My husband and I go to the Purple Penguin every time we go to Vegas. We love this place the staff is always friendly and the snowcones are the best. The ice is finely shaved and not crushed ice.  My favorite is red velvet and birthday cake with cream and ice cream. It is like birthday in your mouth. My husbands is Tigers Blood.   The prices are very reasonable and it is so nice you can use your debt or credit card.We love the purple penguin!!!
5	My hubby and I both laughed at the idea of a snow cone trailer at a gas station when we first saw it in our neighborhood, but then we started noticing the long lines every day for it & I guess you could say curiosity got the best of us. Lol we decided to take our girls and try it and boy are we glad we did!!! It is beyond yummy!! It's not your average crunchy ice syrup-ey flavor all on the bottom snow cone we had both assumed it was. These are totally different! The ice literally melts away the moment it touches your mouth. It's very soft and smooth. A ton of flavors to mix and match plus you can add cream or ice cream to change it up even more!! It's definitely are favorite summer go to dessert!! Affordable and yummy!! Definitely give it a whirl we are sure glad we did! :)
5	My youngest saw this place and said he wanted to go.  Reluctantly I said okay (I'm not a huge fan of shaved ice).  This place is wonderful and paired with 110 degrees, it's heaven in a cup.  Prices I felt were great, especially for the sizes.  A small is more than enough of a serving and $2 if you don't add in ice cream or cream.  We have gone more than a couple of times since discovering it and will be going again in the future.
5	At first I was like this just like a plain old snowcone place. Then I noticed all the lines that were forming in the front and all my friends were talking about it. I thought maybe I should try it out. Man it was more than just a plain old snowcone place, it was like snow cone heaven! What's not to love with plethora amount of of flavors? The customer service is friendly as well as the great snow cones! Come here for some desert and a smile!!!
5	Love this place! Best shaved ice and they do not skimp on the syrup. The staff is very friendly too!
