5	Awesome vet. My dog had surgery here and they are taking good care of him. He has seen 3 of the 4 vets all are great. Dr Higgins did the surgery an most of the follow up. She is very knowledgeable and friendly. The staff is super friendly and they don't judge that Ted can be grumpy when at the vet. The waiting room is like a hotel lobby with soda and water and lots of places to sit so you don't have to be near other animals  Highly recommended.
5	Love them! I've seen Dr. Beth and her staff for over 10 years. This wonderful vet has taken care of everyone of my pets over the years with love, care and kindness. When I leave town I use their great kennel service and my mind is at ease that my pets are in great care. Great job!
5	We recently brought our very sick puppy, Jemma, to Horizon's Animal Hospital. They were able to get us in late on a Saturday afternoon at very short notice. They diagnosed our young pup with Parvovirus within the first 20mins of being there, after she had been wrongly diagnosed at a cost of $350.00 at a previous vet's office earlier that day. Although parvovirus was an extremely serious and scary diagnosis both the doctor's and the tech's did everything they could to immediately begin treating Jemma aggressively, while also trying to help us manage her care on a budget. Since Horizon's is not a 24hr hospital, we did have to transfer Jemma back and forth from the Paradise Valley Emergency Clinic for overnight care, but the doctors worked so well together and helped us to make her transitions seamless. Jemma is now home and healing, and we could not be more thankful or more impressed with all of the staff at Horizon Animal Hospital. We owe them all the thanks in the world, and we are so happy to have found a veterinarian's hospital that we trust and feel safe bringing  both of our dogs to!
5	OMG Sonja (English accent) is so kind. Long story short I had to bring my cat in to be put down. I was having a very difficult time and Sonja and everyone else there was so nice to me. They are a little pricey in my opinion, but they make up for it by being nice. The lobby is spacious, clean, and comfortable and the staff is professional and caring.
4	I had to take my kitty Tigger to be put to sleep here.  They have a special room with a couch I got to spend time with them
5	Caring staff.  They do a great job with my little puppies.
4	I picked this vet based on convenience (and Yelp reviews of course), but I am very happy with the care my pup gets. The staff genuinely care about all animals and it's the one place I'm not embarassed that he's a social barker! They really don't mind!I've been there for routine visits...shots and meds aren't cheap, but they try to save you money by combining visits and with rebates as often as possible. They were very helpful via phone when I had a maybe emergency. They've seen it all, of course I trust their advice!
4	Vets can be a touchy subject.Over the weekend, we were having dinner at a friend's house, who has nearly a dozen rescued animals.  She and her husband are quiet sane, but generous to a fault.  If, that is a fault.  I noticed they had three of the four James Herriot's  "All Creatures Great and Small" novels on the book case.  It got us to talking about our wee beasties and the doctors who care for them.One of the ongoing themes in the novels is Vet Siegfried Farnon's rants about the cheapness of the folks who live in the Yorkshire Dales.  Well, not a lot has changed for Vets or animal owners I guess.  We are always looking for the most competent, least expensive way to care for our pets.  And, when we find a good one, for the most part you want to keep it a secret.  Some can be prone to expensive tests or procedures, while others can balance common sense and reasonable care given the pet's age, et cetera.We have tried other Veterinaries and animal hospitals in the valley, but we keep coming back for that fine balance and love that Horizon and it's staff shows to our wee beasties!
2	This vet went downhill when all of the vets left a couple of years ago.  We really liked the vets they had, but had not so great experiences with the new vets.  The staff is really great, but a lot of them left as well.  When more than half the staff leave makes me wonder if there are some issues at the higher levels.
2	The office is beautiful and the staff is helpful and friendly, but I spent the money to take my new puppy to the vet just to be told things I already knew. When you go to the vet you expect to get professional answers and/or suggestions, not to hear "I don't know." I also asked the vet about a surgical procedure I want my puppy to undergo. She frowned upon it and when I asked where I could get it done she said they don't do it and people don't  really get it done anymore. Since then, I've found 15 offices that will do it. I don't think I will be back just because I don't feel that the doctors here are very knowledgable or able to deliver more than a generic vet experience.
5	We had to bring our dog in right away, and just called a couple of vets. They could take us in right away. My dear dog had to be put down right then. They were so caring. They have a nice room where you can be with your pet while they give the shot. Their customer service is tremendous. We got a card, signed by everyone, with a note that showed they saw my dog. Since then, we have taken in another dog for care. Dr. Glover  is terrific. Their prices seem comparable to other vets, but the facility and care is superb!
5	I'm always wary of trying a new vet, especially because one of my dogs has special needs. After much research I decided on Horizon Animal Hospital. I am SO glad I found them! The support staff is very helpful and friendly. I've seen most of the vets in the practice, and they are all patient and helpful. If I had to recommend one vet in particular--hands down, Dr. Glover. She is fantastic. As someone who treats their dogs like their children (as I'm sure most of us do), it was a relief to find a place like Horizon.
5	The staff at Horizon are very professional and willing to answer all of your questions.  The facilities are modern and clean as well.  I have been taking my two small dogs here for years and can't think of anything negative to say.
