5	My favorite sub shop...the original starting on the campus of Eastern Illinois University.  I am not a fan of Subway, Quizno's, Schlotsky's , Port of Subs, etc.  I love Jimmy's bread and fresh ingredients.  The sign quotes are great too:"the customer is usually right", "your mom wants you to eat at Jimmy John's","We'd love to see you naked but state code requires a shirt and shoes" ,"Free Smells", "bread so French it must be liberated!"  This location was a find one day as I was leaving UMC...out patient of course!
5	I miss Jimmy John's badly, its basically the only grub I remember from my college years in the Midwest.  Its all about the #9 aka Italian Night Club.  Fingers crossed, someday this will open up in LA!!
3	It's always good to have an alternative to Subway and Quiznos.  Even though we have Port of Subs here in Vegas, it's still a very sterile place.  Jimmy John's is finally a chain sandwich shop with some personality.The menu has a mix of specialty and plain sandwiches.  Sub style or club style.  I went with the turkey breast "plain slim" with cheese.  This is great for me because "plain slims" are just bread and meat.  I know that makes me incredibly weird, but that's how I like my cold sandwiches.  One downfall of this place is the lack of bread selection.  Just plain french.I asked one of the workers what the most popular sandwiches are.  She said the #9 (Italian Night Club) and #12 (Beach Club).  There is some seating, though not a lot.  You can order online and check out the catering specials.  If I'm in the area I'd check this place out again.
4	Jimmy Johns is SOOOO GOOOOD! their service is very good too. the price is just right! I love coming here at my lunch time
3	Kinda a disappointment for me. I had the #10- Hunter's Club (1/4 lb of sliced medium-rare roast beef) which falls under the "club style" sandwich.  According the menu, the club style are double meat.  It looked like a regular ol' sub- and NOT double meat.  Like another reviewer, I thought it would an alternative to Subway or Quizno's, but it was just the same.  The bread was similar, the shredded lettuce, and meat.  It was decent, but nothing special.
4	A superior alternative to Subway..... by far!
4	One of my favorite sandwich chains by far! When it comes to the big sandwich chains in town (Subway, Quizno's, Firehouse, etc), this one is by far my favorite. The french bread and the sliced wheat are both SO YUMMY, but they also make low carb unwiches as well. The beach club with sprouts, avocado, cucumber, and turkey, and the Italian Sub (called Vito) are my 2 favorites depending on my moods. The prices are reasonable ( under $5 for most sandwiches), and the service is "freaky fast" as they say... I will say this location is tiny inside, and I wouldn't head over there and plan on dining in with a group larger than 2 ! Otherwise it's the same yummy sandwiches found at every other JJ.
5	This place used to be right smack in the center of my commute to and from work. Thus, I was here a lot! This place is dangerously good!As far as I'm concerned, the Beach Club is the world's greatest sandwich. There's nothing wrong with it, they make it on the quick, and all the ingredients are top-notch and really, really, really good. They're so good that they make you question the quality of the sandwiches you get in other establishments, so you get spoiled. I only ever get the Beach Club because I think it's perfect, though I've gone with other people who have ordered other options, as well. Nobody has ever complained about anything, and all the reviews I've gotten have been pretty dang good! The only consistent "I just wish..." comment about this place is that it's small inside. 10 people in here and this place is jammed and you'll have to "excuse me, pardon me" your way across the place. Not really a negative at all, but just so you know. On my last trip here, I ordered 3 sandwiches and some drinks and stuff. I walked out spending $25, which is a great deal for the food you're getting. It's like fast food in terms that you get it quickly, but not fast food in terms of quality. This place is full of win.
5	Best sandwich place!!! Sorry subway, quiznos & port of subs! Jj is a winner in my book! My favs are totally tuna, the Italian, & the gargantuan!! So close to my house too!
3	Food is great, place is a little small but does the job well. Only thing I can say bad is the blonde girl at the register needs a personality, and we can all do without her sarcasm
5	Excellent sandwiches for less than 5 dollars.  They're great, as long as you're not looking for any hot sandwiches.Bread is slightly chewy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside.  The hallmark of just baked daily bread.  Probably my idea of a great sandwich bread.  Meats, veggies, cheese, and condiments are pretty standard and fresh.I think it says a lot when you pay for you food, walk over to get your drink, and they hand your sandwich to you on your way over to the soda fountain.
5	Fast fresh & delicious!
3	The service is extremely FAST. The parking at this location is extremely horrible... GOOD LUCK. I found the meat portion to be extremely small for a $6.00 sandwich. I do not like any of their chips. This location is very small, and because it is busy, this is a problem. Good luck fining a seat or a place to stand. Be careful stepping over the homeless that sit outside and beg for change for their next beer that they proudly go right to 7-11 and purchase while you are waiting on your sandwich.
4	Two times this week we have ordered sandwiches from Jimmy's at my place of work.  They were delivered promptly.  I had heard of Jimmy John's but had never eaten any of their food.  I thought my sandwiches were awesome.  The french bread is just like I like it.  Slightly chewy.  I had the roast beef with provalone, lettuce, tomatoes, oregano and oil and vinegar.  Perfect.
5	OMG.  Just got their turkey sandwich.  Again, got prompt delivery.  The sandwich was perfect.  That's the only way I can describe it.  And the huge dill pickles as a side dish are really crisp and yummy.  Someday I'll have to actually go to their shop and see what it's like.
2	LOVE JIMMY JOHNS.... But I'm kind of pissed at this location.  I was overcharged and not given my appropriate change back.  I was upsold on my sandwich and not informed of the extra dollar charge as well.  Also, at the time I began this review, workers in the back were "pretending" to sneeze on things.  Not appropriate for food service.  I have never had a problem at the ones back home in South Dakota.PS: I WOULD GO TO A LOCATION IN LOS ANGELES IF THEY HAD FRANCHISES HERE!!!!
5	Fast, good, and reasonably priced!  Kind of drooling just thinking about it.
4	Way cheaper than Capriati's and as good. This place was just around the corner of where I usually work and so disappointed that I've wasted my lunch breaks for months on unhealthy fast food joints.  I'm not a fan of jersey shore, nor do I fist pump in the clubs but my first experience of the "Italian Night Club" (sandwich) was really good. You can really taste how fresh the salami, tomatoes, bread were and the red pepper just added a real good kick to the taste of it all.  It's like the jersey shore casts without snookie, because it's a healthy sandwich as well.Today I tried the LuLu club (turkey with bacon). A good sandwich but with a taste you can definitely imitate at your own kitchen, so it was nothing special.  It was just the cheddar bread that brought a different distinctive taste to it.  I suggest skip this and try something else if you come here.Service is great. It's like they have an assembly line of workers each dedicated to just adding a tomato, lettuce, and so on.  So it's pretty quick which is a good thing for people who want to maximize their break time in sleeping or talking to their special someone, making kissing noises, and saying you hang up for freaking 10min back and forth.From my whole experience, 4 stars overall baby!
2	I really wasn't impressed with my sandwich. They don't put enough meat on it.  The taste was ok but I mainly tasted bread.  For the price of the sandwich I'm better off going to subway.
5	I love JJ's!The sandwiches are good and they make them quick. I have never had a bad experience at this location.I wish the parking were better sometimes but I guess a full lot means they are doing something right. With Omelette House nearby at busy times you can end up parking just about anywhere in the lot and walking to JJ's lol.
5	I cannot believe I never gave this place a try before until recently.  I'm from the East Coast so I am really picky about hoagies.  This place killed it!  They're just like the hoagies back home.  I love the Italian hoagie.It's affordable too.  The employees are always friendly.The location is in a sketchy part of town, so be cautious and alert.
4	Yum!
4	Yum, yum, yum!  Jimmy John's has some great sandwiches.  Good price for a quality sandwich.
2	Sandwiches are good, but the young kids that work behind the counter play the grunge music so friggin loud you can't stay inside too long.  I thought it was just a one time thing, but the next two times I came back it was the same thing.  Not goin' back any time soon.  I like to choose when to crank the grunge music up!  On the flip-side, maybe they blast the music to keep people from staying... it IS a tiny little place after all.
3	I love Jimmy John's! The bread is always perfect. This location gets really busy and there isn't much room to sit and eat, but the staff working there moves pretty fast. I always order the Turkey Tom, even they are usually out of the alfalfa sprouts. But no big deal.One thing to note: this location DOES NOT deliver. My office is located less than 2 miles away on Charleston and they said that's too far for delivery. They delivered to us once this summer, but after that they refused, even when we had a really big order.
3	Had to find some quick for lunch near work.  Coworkers suggested we do Jimmy John!I grabbed their roast beef and turkey sandwich.  Of course I like a lot of meat.  Sandwich was very nicely done.  The roast beef of course felt better than the stuff you get from subway.  I did wish that I could get a different bread like how subway does it.  But this bread was alright and I kind of wish it was toasted.  It's quick and convience for me.  I def will come back and perhaps give it another shot or another type of sandwich.
1	I used to go here and order from them alot.  I have over the past few days been calling there to place a phone order and no one answers the phone.  I dont know if they have a problem or not.  I then tried the on line ordering and that was down for that location as well.  Not sure if it is just them or what is going on.  The subs are great, but it would be nice to know if they have a problem or not.
1	Poor service (repeated my order three times and it was still wrong), loud music (probably the reason the girl could not hear me and got the order wrong), wrong change (even after I pointed it out, they did not correct it, the cashier walked away), no selection (no pastrami, no swiss, cheddar, only provolone, etc). Why would anyone want to eat here?
4	This location finally opened! Never tried JJs before but my co-workers always talked about it. Work treat us for lunch and I'm a believer! Ingredients are fresh, order was correct, delivery was on time, only reason why I didn't give it a five star rating is because I didn't dine in to see the place.
4	Ok, ok, you got me Mr John. Seems like when lunch time comes around, you just happen to have a location that is conveniently nearby. I have been to this location several times before you guys decided to close down to remodel and boy that seemed like forever. Now that you guys are open, I see that you made the place even better. I think out of all the other locations I have been to, this is definitely the biggest one.As for the sandwiches, you cant really go wrong with any of them. Except maybe the veggie sandwich. Come on man! What kind of sandwich is that if you don't have any meat up in there? To me that sandwich does not exist except for when I mention that it doesn't exist in this review.I basically have 4 sandwiches I order as a normal rotation. They are #8 Billy Club, #14 Bootlegger Club, #16 Club Lulu, and if I am really hungry, The JJ Gargantuan (it's so much meat that giving it a number was not gonna be enough).Sure I can go on and on about what is in these sandwiches but I don't want to waste your time. Just stick to this rule of thumb: If you like ham, roast beef, turkey, and bacon, then any one of those that I mentioned will definitely satisfy you especially the JJ Gargantuan. This monster has salami, ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey and provolone topped off with onion, lettuce, tomato, and Italian dressing.Pro tip: If you refer to their menu, there are freebies that you can have them put in your sandwich like onions, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, sliced cucumber, hot peppers, dijon mustard, yellow mustard, oil, vinegar, and oregano. If your sandwich does not normally have these items, they will not put it in your sandwich unless you specifically tell them to. Same thing for freebies that are already in your sandwich. You can order extra of that item. Also don't be afraid to ask for different bread. They give you the standard white bread with all your sandwiches but you can ask for wheat or the traditional sliced bread.Service will always be lightning quick because of a couple of factors. All the sandwiches they make are cold so there is no time wasted in cooking or heating anything up. Secondly, they have an assembly line type of set up so you have different people taking turns putting stuff in your sandwich.The only thing that takes that one star away is that because they don't have any hot sandwiches like meatball or a cheesesteak. I love my usual sandwiches but sometimes I gotta have something hot and fresh off the grill. Until they make that happen, it will always be 4 stars from me.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #66
5	So fast so fresh and with the expansion of this location this jimmy johns is the best sand witch place around the area.
2	They won't deliver if you're more than 5 minutes away. Bad customer service. I don't recommend this location.
5	Best Jimmy Johns in the valley! Friendly staff, delicious and fast subs. I will return!
4	I am so thankful this Jimmy Johns location has re-opened. My office frequented Jimmy Johns for a while often times making the few blocks walk down Charleston Blvd for lunch. Then we started ordering online and having it delivered. Partly we did it because we're lazy. Partly because it is quick and easy. And there is no outrageous delivery fee. We were so saddened by the closing of this store. I saw they were remodeling and that provided us with some glimmer of hope. But it seemed so long between the closing and the eventual re-opening. It was disheartening to say the least. Nevertheless they did open the doors once again and we have resumed our ordering of their sandwich masterpieces. Recently I took my dad in for his first Jimmy Johns experience. I've got him hooked now. We both got the same sandwich. A Jimmy Johns Gargantuan with all the fixings including hot peppers. The roast beef, turkey, salami, tomatoes, lettuce, onion etc all crammed into the chewey bread is a hard sandwich to beat. And with the new expanded store it is a pleasure to dine in now. The previous version was small and cramped beyond and reasonable comfort level. The new version 2.0 of this location is more open and inviting. The staff is great and as they say, Jimmy Johns is "Freaky Fast."
5	My coworker and I wanted to do something nice for our team and get sandwiches for everyone. We had already called a couple different places for catering trays but it was so last minute everyone denied us except jimmy johns. They made two trays of sandwiches all in 30 minutes and they were delicious. Service was great over the phone and at the store.
5	Very impressed.First time here and was yummy.Oh, and super fast!Service and staff were friendly also.
5	Best service.  I either go to or get delivery from this location about once a week.  Always great!  Always fast and fresh and the staff is super friendly :-)
4	JJ Gargantuan is really delicious!  Also the bread was fresher than the other locations I've tried.
5	Seriously best sandwiches I've tasted!! Plus great customer service friendly guys, take your order fast and have your sandwiches ready in no time. I got the number 9 "Italian Nightclub" i highly recommend that one and ask for cherry peppers for the little extra kick. They also deliver ,check it out if your in the mood for a good sub(:
4	They live up to the freaky fast service. I got my sandwich before I could even pay for it. Very good sandwich, fresh, good price, super friendly service and did I mention fast?
3	This location wasn't nearly as fast as the new location downtown. However, they were busy cranking out orders for delivery that had been called in. I ordered the Bootlegger Club and was disappointed to learn that they didn't have banana peppers to add to my sandwich. She did offer cherry peppers, which were decent, but definitely not the same. She asked if I wanted cheese, to which I replied "American." Apparently they don't have American cheese, so I opted for provolone. All in all the sandwich was ok, but the bread was a little chewy. Only three stars on this visit, but I will return and give it another shot, and update the review if the experience warrants and update.
1	I'm .2 miles away from them, just on the other side of the freeway and they refused a delivery. Just take the delivery sign off your window!!!!
1	I have ordered from these guys 50 plus times. Delivery. Now all of a sudden they can't deliver to my business 1.2 miles away? They said their delivery area does not exceed 1 mile. Why even have a delivery service if you can't go an extra .2 miles. Very disappointed. That can't be good for business. What's a great sandwich if you can't order one to your work 1.2 MILES AWAY???
4	This location for a 12:30pm lunch hour crowd was very fast - excellent service!  The Turkey Tom #4 wonderful with extra sprouts and lettuce.  Too bad other sandwich places don't offer sprouts.  Wonderful, fresh bun - thank you!
