1	Salesman, installation team and lock tech, excellent.  Extremely poor management and organization. Attended a home show here in Las Vegas. Met two windows and doors people and invited them to our home for a plan and estimate.  Mike from Hy-bar Windows and Doors gave us the option we wanted in a three-paneled french doors. We selected the hardware (2 nickel handles and plates) and were told it would be 6-8 weeks for installation. We paid the fifty percent deposit. After 9 weeks I called to talk to Mike, but told he left the company. (In hindsight, I don't blame him!) I asked about the order, and the owner Russ didn't know anything about it. He said maybe the order was dropped.  I said, "Our deposit was "dropped" right into your bank account!" I advised the owner that we were having Sunburst Shutters put 4 1/2 inch shutters on the doors and would need to have door handle extensions to accommodate the shutters, delivered at the same time as the doors. Russ Barlow called when he located the order, and I was hoping we wouldn't have to wait another long stretch. He advised he would push it through.  Almost 3 months to the day the order was placed, did the doors arrive - minus one extension! LIVID!Subsequently could not lock doors from the inside and could, only if the key was left-in on the outside??? Locksmith came late, worked an hour into the time the salesman for Sunburst came. Sunburst left and went on another call and returned later for the measurements.The locksmith happened to have the same extension on his truck and installed it.  COOL! He attempted to collect for the extensions.  I said I was not paying and to take it up with the owner or have the owner call me. I never heard anything more.4 months later someone from the office called to say the extensions were in.  WHAT??? You mean to say they expected us to wait for this small piece for 4 months and that was cool with them? Shoddy business at best, but the young man calling had no idea what transpired months before!Sad though, because Hybar had the windows I wanted.  In the end, we went with another company to replace 21 windows.Though we love the french doors, we will not, could not, ever recommend Hy-bar Windows and Doors to our worst enemies, if we had any!
1	Be warned that Hy-Bar charges a $95 service fee no matter the length of time spent on premise. Tech was here for 15-20 minutes at best. I explained on the phone that my home was older to which the tech told me, your doors are older and I will need to call you back with an estimate to fix. No kidding really?! TWO WEEKS go by, crickets. I call back, get transferred to the service department who informs me someone will call back. Not two minutes go by I get a call back with a sky high estimate of $700 per door or starting at $3000 for replacement. (i have ten sets of french doors) It's a bit suspect that I hear nothing for two weeks yet they can call back two minutes after I ask for my $95 back on the grounds of services not performed. Unprofessional, and poor communication.
1	I would not recommend this company at all. They lack customer service skills and they do not stand behind the work they do.
