5	Ed's is the best food you will ever get in Phoenix.Ed is a culinary chef that only cooks by appointment.  It is a new form of dinning.  He opens up his kitchen to do cooking demonstrations and walks you through the meal he will be preparing.  From the best pairing of ingredients of traditional dishes to new american fusion he develops himself.  He can host parties of all sizes and caterers as well!  You will get the opportunity to dine with the chef at his home.If you want to have an awesome meal, definitely the best meal you can possibly have in Phoenix, call Ed to make a reservation now!
5	From San Francisco cioppino to roasted short ribs, Ed's always delivers with explosive, rich flavors and inventive pairing of ingredients and influences. Hailing originally from the San Francisco Bay area, Ed cooks American, Asian and Latin dishes with French technique in a comfortable, casual setting. Never stingy with the foie gras and truffles, Ed consistently delivers an exciting meal. If you can manage to snag a seat at the table, you're going home satisfied.
5	Update:Ed catered my wedding. It was a last minute booking and involved flying with a rollerbag of cooking utensils, pots and bowls.  The casual intimate lakeside dinner included chicken and proscuitto and a not greasy crisp Italian cheese loaf, all served family style. The next morning we woke up with a spicy Eggs Benedict. Thanks Ed!!Original post for the Phoenix location:This place is a hidden gem. It's a tiny place and the hours of operation are up to the owner, so you have to be flexible. Despite that, it's worth it. Don't expect a 6 page laminated menu with a perky waiter that also sings. The multicourse meal is carefully chosen by Ed based on availability of seasonal ingredients. You can sip an apertif while you watch him prepare your meal. If you're lucky (or cute), he may also offer you an assortment of house cured salumis with your apertif.I have a sweet tooth and unfortunately he doesn't do desserts. If you are like me and don't feel that the meal is complete until you've capped it off with something sugary, you'll need to stop by a bakery on your way home.He also does catering for larger parties. I highly recommend the whole spit roasted pig or lamb!
