5	After disappearing from the whole church movement, a friend of mine suggested that I attend Cornerstone. Of course, I was hesitant at first, because I dont like ppl pushing their beliefs and thoughts onto me. I am who I am, no questions asked and if I like something, then I will try it. After looking at the CS website, I went with my friend to a service. I was literally BLOWN AWAY. First its huge, the people, everyone, are all so friendly there, yes there's a little coffee center, similar to Starbux, the service is great, it talks abt everyday life...and all the studies, ministries, etc they have... cant ask for more.
5	Awesome church, great worship, good message, friendly people :)What a great experience!
5	Rock-n-Roll and Starbucks, plus praise and worship.  What can you find wrong with all that?  This is a very upbeat Christian community addressing the needs of the young families who have been turned off by the old hell & brimstone churches.  The campus and sancturay are huge ~ which only speaks to how well this organization is meeting the needs of those in the East Valley.  Although I am not a personal fan of the music, my kids are . . . that's the blessing for me.  BECAUSE my son and daughter-in-law are drawn to worship here . . you'll find me there too.  The messages are bible-based, and very relevant to today and everyday life. There appears to be no guilt and  no judgment . . . just come as you are . . . the pastors do . . . they pull on their blue jeans and preach from the heart.Times are a changin' . . . and so are some churches . . . at least the ones that want to survive and meet the needs of the people.  Cornerstone is obviously one of the leaders in the new Christian movement.  Blessings to them and all those they touch and inspire.  Blessings : ) KC
5	My husband recently started going to this church and what a church it is. It's not like when I was kid and couldn't understand what they were talking about and I see nobody snoring in their seats, how can you. My 9 year old asked why we didn't go last week and that would have been his 2nd time, our 3rd.. What does that tell you? He loved it... Marty was wonderful when my dog passed away and counseled me over the phone as well as met me when we attended Easter services and put me in touch with a free grief book. I think everyone could use some faith in their life and this church is amazing..
5	Besides being an awesome place for knowledge and worship, I discovered that the Chai Iced Latte was really good and the big size cup is only $3.90.I should say please come and visit this coffee shop because they have a unique taste in their Chai Iced latte. Check them out and when you get the chance experience their Sunday Service. The real truth and encouragement always comes balance. No tricks no gimmicks.
5	Awesome, awesome church.  Pastor Linn is a wonderful teacher who really knows his stuff.  He's not afraid to say what's on his heart and his teaching always has practical take-home points.  Although it is a large church, there are many ways to get involved through small groups (Bible studies), small churches (morning classes), men's and women's ministries, youth ministry, college ministry, outreach, Celebrate Recovery, you name it!  After moving to Arizona, this is the place where I have found my closest friends and felt truly at home!
5	As a former LDS member, the whole mega-church concept is totally foreign and weird to me. And to be honest, we were only there to hear Paul Jr. speak and to see his new custom bikes.I'm not a religious person but if I was I would definitely consider Cornerstone. I was really impressed with how warm and friendly and inviting everyone was. Very laid back, come as you are attitude and atmosphere and I LOVED that! And the music was great! Drums and guitars oh my! Not used to that after all my life of dull boring organ. They also have a cafe where I got myself an iced coconut mocha, which was delicious!The kids center is amazing and very secure. They also had booths featuring different types of programs they offer. There is something for everyone!Anyway, I was very impressed with this new church experience (and I'm pretty anti-church).
5	We love this place.  They really make you feel welcome and at home here.  They go out of their way to invite you into many of their other classes.   All around just a great place to be a member.
5	I've been an avid church-goer at Cornerstone. My family is Catholic, but I decided to join a "non-dem" and it's pretty danged good! I've actually run into an old neighbor, (what are the odds?) and my beau's sister attends. It is a big church, but very friendly. I was there to see Paul Jr. back in '12. Recently, we had one of the Dallas Cowboy players give his testimony. I enjoy their coffee/cafe' and most Tuesdays when the bible-study is scheduled, I'm happy to attend! Well, I guess that's it for now! Btw, if anyone else who attends knows when they're doing the next "worship," tryout, I'm looking forward to it!Ciao!
5	I love Cornerstone! I had went to several non-denominational churches in 2005 looking for one to call home. Finally, in January 2006 I cam to cornerstone. They were still in their smaller building. The message and the song they gave that day was definitely meant for me. I've used their children ministries. My kids enjoyed this too. I relocated out of state in late 2007. I spent 4 years trying to find a place with the atmosphere of cornerstone. No success. Cornerstone was one of 3 reasons I relocated back. I drive from Higley/queen creek to get there. But, it's worth it!
5	Great place to learn the TRUTH & fellowship. If you feel empty inside or you have a hole you're trying to fill with things, why not come to one of these services & meet God right where you are at. Give Him a chance He just might surprise you & fill that empty feeling you are  clinging to.
5	Cornerstone is what one may call a "Mega Church" and it is mega-sized for sure.  But the interesting thing I have found is that the size of the church actually enables it to be whatever you want it to be.  Sure, you could come to Sunday services every week for a year and never see the same person twice, but if you are looking for a deeper community, there is literally something for everyone.  Be it a class, small church, support group, or other gathering, you can find whatever is right for you for your place in life.  Or if it's the anonymity of a large church you're looking for, that's definitely possible... with smiling faces all around and a really great energy.Cornerstone offers a coffee shop/cafe area, bookstore, a ton of volunteer opportunities, men's ministries, women's ministries, retreats, mission trips, top-tier worship leaders, sermons that dig in to the bible and provide real-life context, and thoughtful kids programs.You can feel confident dropping your children off while you're at the service, because they will be cared for by background-checked, well-trained individuals ready to teach your kid the week's bible lesson!  Babies mere weeks old are welcome, and the older kids have fun activities every week.Check out a service to see what it's all about, and stop by the information booths for further direction!
5	I do not go to church at all. Nor have I ever had a desire too. My best friend and her family have been going for years. She told me about the church and the relationship with Jesus. I've come to a cross road in my life. A sad, torn, deep one that my soul is crying out for. Taking every help with a positive mind  to change what I believe my life is calling for. This Sunday morning I went with her and her family. I got hot tea at the cafe and saw how nice the place was. She told me about the children programs. I went into the service and got to hear how awesome the band was. The pastor was going over versus in the bible and applying it to everyday life. I was impressed by Cornerstone. I do not know much about Jesus and God, but I am on my way too. I will definitely bring my kids as well.
3	The Greatest Show on Earth!  If you want a non-traditional service in today's modern times: Starting with a Rock Concert, Comic (guest Pastor), donations/offertory by text, computer, or on-site Kiosk, special guests from other countries, and ending with a Rock Concert, then this is the place for you. I did like the "featured in front" Harley parking (wished I would have brought mine). Would have given 5 stars, but was looking for a more traditional service. Although, my experience was very entertaining.
