4	We needed something like Einstein in this area.  The staff is friendly, the food is delish and the patio lends itself to some great people watching!  Great place for lunch.  I didn't know Einstein Brothers did more than bagels.
4	Trader Joes, fro yo, nail salon, restaurants, a wine bar, shopping, soon-to-be drug store and now a bagel shop. Yes, this area absolutely needed the bagel shop addition! This is a pretty general Einstein Bagels but it's clean, in a good area, has friendly staff and the bagels are fresh and tasty! I really like how Einstein Bagels added thin bagels to their menu. I love their bagels but they can be to hearty for a breakfast, so the thin bagel is a great option. I also enjoy the bagel bites and bagel sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) as well. The cream cheeses are creamy and delicious, especially the honey almond cream cheese. My favorite bagel is the cinnamon sugar bagel. They also have great soda drinks, coffee, fruit, parfait and juices. There isn't much more to say other than that this is a perfect addition to the area and I'm happy to have an Einstein's close by for my morning breakfast urges.
4	Manager was great, we were 1st timer at that store, he took care of us and even get us the free coffee that he just put on Yelp.  only thing...they forgot to put in one of our order...my asiago bagel dog...It's ok, that was the 3rd item we ordered this morning.  we were full anyways.  :-)
2	Even though I've only rated this place with 2 stars, I still come here pretty frequently b/c its the only bagel place convenient to me.  I've never really had a stellar experience here but I keep hoping for one!  I do really like the bagels but they always seem to skimp on the cream cheese.  I used to love Einsteins because they would liberally cover the bagel but now its so thin I can see the bagel underneath or a quarter of it has no cream cheese at all.  I'm from NY- I need lots of cream cheese! The service is always friendly, but usually very slow.  So lack of cream cheese + slow service = 2 stars.  Hopefully it's just because they're still relatively new and will step up their game in the months to come :)
5	This is the best Einsteins I've been to!! It's clean, the staff are friendly, and it has a GREAT outdoor seating area. Paul, the owner, is friendly and goes out of his way to make sure we're happy. He remembers us when we come in - it's a big company run with a small, family business feel. I've made this my breakfast spot because I know that I'll be treated well!!
4	Being a good husband, I volunteered to take my wife to another day at Sister's Closet. It takes her hours to go through everything - and I'm usually left to find something to do to kill time.  Fortunately, they now have an Einstein's in the same shopping area.  A lifesaver!! I was able to have several cups of coffee, some wonderful onion bagels with cream cheese, and to casually read the newspaper without being hurried and feeling I was taking up space.It is large, clean, and the workers a cheerful and helpful.  The only glitch was that on one of my bagel orders, they lost the order!! Not a big deal - I wasn't going anywhere  - so once they figured out the order got lost in cyberspace - they immediately re-entered it and brought it to my table.So now I'm covered - if my wife has to be at Sisters early in the morning, I can relax at Einsteins!!
2	My suggestion would be to have more hands on training with new staff members.  The person taking our order was obviously new and did not have mastery of the cash register. Unfortunately, that also meant that he did not have mastery of putting in orders as well. If a employee does not show that they are capable of executing their task, please do not let them do it on their own. It is the customers who feel the negative impact. I cannot eat the schmear that comes on a BLT with Avocado thin. Even though I put in my order three separate times, as that is how long it took the employee to input my order, I opened my sandwich to find the schmear on there. This condiment was on every part of the sandwich and I ended up having to through it away. The receipt did not reflect my request to not have schmear on the sandwich, which leads me to believe that even though the cashier repeated  "no schmear" back to me, he was unable to successfully put the order into the register.  As a result, I paid for a lunch I could not eat.
5	Everything was available even a clear line to the front! The honey butter was sensational and enjoyed immensely. I have kind of fallen out of Einstein's grips because I support local establishments over chains any day.
4	Dutch Apple Bagel w/honey cream cheese:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pYMVEUmjK4tkKr1wn0ne3A?select=BkppKCqAGpbXvPcJvRYx1AToasted of course.Arguably my favorite bagel I've eaten.  Thought the dutch apple+honey cream cheese would be too much sweetness, but surprisingly it wasn't.  Size was decent and easily tied down my appetite for a few hours.  Bonus:  free wi-fi and unlimited coffee refills.
3	So happy this location is here!! I love coming in on Sundays and getting their lox and bagel. Great tasting coffee, too!
3	Decent bagel place for breakfast. Bagel sandwiches are 4.80 but they only charge 1.05 for plain bagels and a bit more for stranger types. Staff was quick and polite. They also offered free wifi while you wait, or if you want to dine in. The only reason this is only a 3, is because McDonalds breakfast sandwiches are considerably cheaper and a better taste in my opinion. I have simple tastes though so I didn't get anything too fancy.
4	I love having Einsteins in the neighborhood as I am a fan of their Vanilla Hazelnut coffee and the choice of bagels is terrific. The staff is friendly. But here's my only gripe. Refresh the coffee more frequently. The last few times I was there the VH coffee was just warm with no replacement in sight.
3	There are very few bagel shops in the Old Town area other than this Einsteins and a couple of others.  So, every now and then, I'll pop into this location to pick up some bagels for the house... they happen to have tasty schmears (aka cream cheese flavors) and quality lox as well.Unfortunately, the last few times I've been to this location, the service has been painfully slow.  Also, they are often out of certain kinds of bagels that I like including the honey whole wheat.  On the bright side, they will slice the bagels for you and/or put them in plastic bags to keep them fresh.  Their coffee isn't bad, and this location has a decent sized parking lot too... and if you need any groceries, you can run next door to Trader Joe's (or around the corner to AJ's) without moving your car!If you have the time and don't mind driving a tad bit further, I recommend both Chompie's and NY Bagel and Bialy over Einsteins, but if your expectations are in check and/or you're in a hurry, this Einsteins will do.  Just keep in mind that it's a chain, the service may be slow, and while the food won't blow you away, it is pretty consistent.
4	Excellent business. Employees are always friendly. Food is very good. Almost five stars. Just a little crazy with the way you order at one register, pay at another. Always seems to work ok, though. Specialty bagels are great but I won't say which because sometimes they run out before I get there!:)The Scottsdale Rd. & Thomas location gets my recommendation, too. The other day I ordered easy on the cream cheese. The young lady who made the order got it wrong but apologized as she handed me the bagel. No problem. I was very impressed that she would admit and ask if she could remake it. Managers - you are doing something right! Keep up the honesty and positive  attitudes!
4	Always good and staff is friendly.
2	Over time I've made it to this location periodically, I live nearby and bagels in the morning can't be beat.  While their bagels are fresh and good the restaurant itself is awful.  The service is painfully slow and always seems disorganized.   On the last visit it was frankly filthy.  The trash can was overflowing the counter had  paper and debris on it and none of the tables were wiped off.  The person taking our order continually talked to other staff members while taking the order and got several items wrong.   I think I'll skip it from now on.
4	I  have been  stop by this place to get my breakfast recently . food  taste  good and the 2 ladies  in the front (cashier) always been nice.
3	Very friendly service, but my order is wrong 50% of the time.The store is always clean and I never have to wait in line. The staff is very accommodating as well.My only complaint is that when I order any but just a bagel and shmear, they get it wrong.I've tried to order the Bagel Thin Eggwhites Southwest Turkey-Sausage a couple of times and it was no good.The first time it was so soggy with too much salsa and cream cheese and missing the pepper jack. The second time I ordered I asked for easy on the salsa a cheese and only got the sausage and egg white with nothing else. It's kinda frustrating.So I say come here for a quick bagel & shmear, but skip anything more complicated than that.
5	Since my first review I have come to LOVE this place. They always have everything, great coffee and tea and friendly staff. Why I am changing my tune is because they helped me out when they did not have to.Trying to place an order early one morning for myself and my work team. 4 drinks and select bagels. Get the order in and low and behold when I move to the other register to pay, my wallet is gone. It had already been a rough morning as my car would not start and my hair would not cooperate. What changed my day around was my experience at this store. At first they were going to give me one coffee for free as I was frantically looking in my purse for loose cash. Then before they could say anything more, I ran out of the store to look for the spare cash I keep in my car. After flying in and out of there like a mad woman, so relived I had found cash, my entire order was ready. Before I could explain that I had money in the car, the manager and team walked around and handed me my bagels and all my drinks. The lovely manager explains that he had already started the order before I realized my wallet was not in my purse. Although I insisted I pay he says, "Miss, we all have days like this and I couldn't let you leave without your coffee. Its on the house."THAT does not happen. In a world of me, me, me this man just helped another human being out. It was that simple. He had nothing to gain, other than my respect, his team's respect and the 10 other customers in the store's respect. Why I choose this one for my morning breakfast and coffee and tea is because I want to give my business where by business is appreciated, but also where the mentality is that customers come first and helping people with kind heart is a priority.
1	Came here and ordered an apple cinnamon bagel.  The case contained two bagels that had burned edges taking up about 20% of the surface area.  The others were fine.  I ended up getting a burned bagel and when I opened it, it was a huge pocket of air.  I took it back up to the counter and the girl told me that it happens to bagels in the proofing process (actually it's due to the bread not being kneaded properly, but okay). She offered to cut it off for me. How sweet.
1	How annoying is it when your sitting here and every five seconds when somebody walks into the door you hear, "welcome to Einsteins" This is not Hooters, we don't need a greeting at 8Am. Nobody is in a happy mood and this method really grinds on me, especially trying to enjoy an overpriced bagel. That damn coupon keeps me coming back, but it won't be to this location. Plus the internet was a travesty. It kicked me off after 15 minutes and I could not get back online. Coffee also had grinds in it and it was just brewed a few minutes ago according to the time stamp. Counter woman also a pain as she likes to point with her finger where to go, instead of using her voice. I got a finger for her.
5	Hard to find a bagel place open this late in the day, and pretty much the only place that carries chocolate chip bagels.
5	This shop had exemplary customer service; friendly, polite and efficient. The value-for-money was unbeatable. The coffee served is a "bottomless cup". My bagel and beverages were tasty. Overall excellent!
2	I went into Einstein Bros. bagels today because I needed coffee and I didn't feel like driving to Coffee Bean so I decided to be spontaneous and try something new. The menu is a little overwhelming to someone in a time crunch who had never been there before so I stood trying to decide for far too long. I let the lady behind me go ahead while I tried to make a choice. When she was done I ordered my iced vanilla latte with whole milk and was told they don't have whole milk. (Seriously what's with Arizona not having whole milk anywhere?!) i ordered it anyway. I was still indecisive and sort of hoped the guy taking my order would show some initiative and make a suggestion. He didn't. I finally decided on a bacon and egg bagel and tried to make some jokes to get him to smile. I got nothing. He must be a robot. He finished up my order and I waited. I was happy that I didn't wait long but my coffee was terrible. Seriously awful. Vanilla milk water. I can't even taste espresso. The bagel was okay. It was edible at best. Nothing to be anywhere near impressed with. For a place that prides itself in bagels I expected so much more. I should have made the trip to coffee bean.
3	Great location and decent Custy service. Usually stop in every other week for a bagel. Super backed up today and waited 30mins for two bagels....I will reconsider bagels next time there is a long line.
3	This location can hardly keep the cinnamon on top of the cinnamon and sugar bagel. Also, they always seem to be extremely understaffed and have messed up my simple order a few times. I prefer the location off of Frank Lloyd Wright or Thomas.
1	Bad food bad service and bad management, makes this place a dump. Stay away. Unless you like all three of these types of things??? Thumbs down.
