4	Well, this is the third motel I've stayed in in 4 nights and the first one that I had no problems with--clean room i stayed in for two nights, friendly helpful clerks and convenient location.  It didn't smell like smoke either!  I had a handicapped room both nights and liked the nice big bathroom!  Yay!
3	This Motel 6 is a-ok with me. It was inexpensive (and this was dead of summer we were talking about here). The room was clean. The staff was friendly. I slept through my wake up call, but that's my fault. They got a little pool to the side. Plenty of parking.The only issue I'd warn you about is that this is next to some sort of theme park. This can create some noise in the day. You can't really see it from this facility but it is there. You'll hear it. There's also not a lot around this area, so getting up and getting breakfast is a pain because you usually have to go drive somewhere.
1	This hotel sucks... 1030 pm they kick the guests out party poopers
2	Booked ahead so, no problem. Sink was dirty. Posted a pic. Got a no smoking room. Had cigarette burns on TV bedside table and blanket on bed. Only smelled a bit like cigarettes. Only had one wash cloth two towels and two hand towels. When questioned they said they were fully booked and didn't have any more wash cloths. There were two of us booked for the room. They gave us hand towels to wash with. Staff was nice and polite. Bed too close to wall. Only a hand span wide. Room is big enough for two night stands and bed could be further int the room. It was livable but probably won't be back.
1	03/06/2014I've been here before. It has not improved. Upon arrival I remembered the small parking area.When I walked in, I was told there are no rooms and that the only reservation was not mine . ( before I was even asked my name) after having that corrected, I did have a prepaid reservation. I was told it was only one day, not the three I was expecting. Thru doubled checked, and realized it was three.I went to my room, to find the door not fully closed. Uh ok, I can deal with that I guess. I'm tired from a long drive. The room smells awful, it looks awful. Red stains on the wall burn marks on everything, including the signature crack pipe burn on the TV, which seems to be a standard motel 6 amenity. The motel I wanted was booked, so I got stuck here by my employer. I was not expecting much from this motel 6. Even taking that into account , I am still disappointed.The only worse Motel 6 I have stayed at is the one on Indian School Road.In the morning, my three day stay will be changed to one day. Motel 6 does not seem to care about the motels that bear their name. I'm not sure if this is company or franchised owned. The room did not come out of my pocket, it was paid by my employer, that is the only positive thing about this experience. I can not want to stay in another place tomorrow to disinfect.
