5	I visited Hummus Xpress for the first time yesterday on a referral from a friend.  I am a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, and consider myself to have discerning tastes.  My favorite places include the now shuttered Sabuddy's and Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe in Phoenix.  I have always thought there was a huge opportunity for a restaurant to remake and redefine Middle Eastern food like Chipotle has done to Mexican food.  Hummus Xpress appears to be taking on the challenge.Upon arrival on Friday around 12pm my friend and I were warmly greeted by who I assume to be the owner and entrepreneur and another line cook.  Now imagine Chipotle: Before us were about 30 different Middle Eastern salads, sides, sauces, hummus to choose from.  You start by picking your menu option: pita, salad, or plate, I believe were the options.  Then you choose your meat.  They had grilled, marinated chicken, beef, gyro, and vegetarian.I picked the plate and started to load up.   I got a mixture of cooked brocolli, cauliflower, and zuchini, eggplant, purple kale, regular hummus, pickles. jalapenos, tabouli, cucumber, and turkish salad.  My meat selection was gyro and chicken based on the owner's suggestion.  There were about 15 things that I couldn't fit on the plate including a couple rices options, cous cous, several different hummus, lots of sauces, almonds, raisins, olives, you get the point.  I also ordered a side of falafel. The owner was very gracious and offered to let us sample anything before adding it to the plate.  I declined knowing that this place was for real.The food was magnificent.  All of the vegetables were cook and seasoned well.  All of the salads and sides were incredibly fresh and tasty.  The meat was delicious.  The portion were huge.  I was stuffed upon leaving.  The only thing I didn't care for was the falafel.  They were prepared fresh, but they were too dense, and the tahini wasn't right.  I couldn't tell you exactly what was wrong with them, but if you want proper falafel and tahini go to Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe.Overall, though, the restaurant is an amazing concept that I believe will satisfy many discerning fans of Middle Eastern food.  It will satisfy herbivores, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  The quality and value is top notch.  And I think the concept is a winner, and I would like to be the first investor!Best wishes to the owner and team at Hummus Xpress.  I will be there frequently!
5	UPDATE!The guys at Hummus Xpress took my criticism of their falafel seriously.  The chef/owner remade the classic falafel into something awesome and unique.  It's now more moist, flavorful, light, and fresh.  It's truly excellent!And I'd like to highlight their roasted, caramelized eggplant and unique pomegranate baba ganoush.Hummus Xpress is a phenomenal Middle Eastern dining experience!
4	My boyfriend and I went not knowing what to expect and we were pleasantly surprised. Tons of options! Think Chipotle but Mediterranean and more side options. Overall VERY satisfied. Great flavors on all the different sides (again, so many options!) Looking for a good meal that's not too pricy? Hummus Xpress for sure. When I went there weren't many drink options. Canned soda and waters were all that you could purchase. I don't drink soda and sometimes water just doesn't hit the spot like a nice tea or other non-carbonated beverage would. I hope that once the business picks up this could be updated to provide other options.It's a small place, but great menu/decor/atmosphere design inside (something I appreciate a lot).I hope this local & original place does well.
3	I would not have known about this place but for friends posting pictures of amazing looking hummus bowls on instagram. This place is tucked into a strip mall that, for whatever reason, I have never had occasion to visit despite living 1/4 mile from it for the majority of my adult life. Although strip mall is generally depressing (it's next to an MMJ doctor and a dry cleaner) the atmosphere is clean and modern if a bit stark. A reviewer below mentioned that this is sort of a middle eastern Chipotle, which is a useful comparison. You basically chose a bowl, a pita, or a platter. Each option entitles you to a certain number of meats (or vegetables) and an unlimited number of toppings. The proprietor is more than friendly and guides you through the process, perhaps a bit too thoroughly, but it's great to see an engaged small business owner who cares about his product. The food is outstanding. I'm a vegetarian and my girlfriend is vegan and there were plenty of options. Every filling was extremely flavorful in a non-cloying way. Sometimes the prospect of eating vegetables and hummus leaves something to be desired, but dishes like the roasted eggplant, cous cous, and the various hummuses (hummusi?) were so interesting and complex that I was excited to go back and try the dishes I missed. I would have given the place 4 stars if not for one quibble - VEGAN TAX. Allow me to explain. Some establishments, this one included, do not deduct a dollar (or two) for omitting meat from the meal. There is no way that hummus costs as much as lamb, so in theory, a vegetarian bowl should reflect the difference in price. Instead of reducing the price accordingly, places that charge the same essentially profit from the difference between the cost of a meat dish and that of a vegan dish. In my opinion, this shouldn't be passed off on vegans/vegetarians, and essentially operates as a tax on vegans. If the guy lowered the price of a veggie pita/bowl/platter, I would go here more often.Vegan tax aside, the food is great and fresh and the staff is nice. I'll definitely go here again and would recommend it to friends.
4	I think we have an up and coming Yelp favorite everyone! They have only been open a short time but the quality of the food is quite good. They have it set up so that one  goes through it in sort of an operational line, picking the items one wants in the pita, bowl or the dinner plate size, and the food is basically Lebanese. The seasoned rice (yes, I forgot what it is called) is amazing and for vegetarians there is a bevy of no-meat options. I did try the gyros meet with the dinner size option but the grilled eggplant is also quite good. They also have a seasonal veggie option and the day I went it was rainbow kale - kale, how cool is that one folks!I plan to go back and update my review after a few times but right now I would say this is a culinary gem located, as Juan B notes, in a strip mall, but that is sometimes where you find the best eating experiences, right? Looks like, based on Kory L's review, that I will have to try the falafel next time, sounds delicious! :-)
5	Delicious!! We've been craving Lebanese food and are so happy that there's a place in the valley that has Lebanese dishes! Awesome concept-- can mix and match tons of middle eastern sides and dishes. All are so good. The falafel, basil cilantro hummus, rice pilaf, and shoug(?), and eggplant are so tasty. Great because you can mix and match to get lots of variety and flavor. The owner is really nice and super friendly too. An ideal place for vegetarians.
4	Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back here
5	I went to this place because I needed something to eat on my lunch work break and I try to take the fun relatively healthy approach.This is NOT another Pita Pit. The owner/CHEF Eddie is right there working hard.It's like gourmet food to go.  He compared it as the Chipotle of Mediterranean cuisine, I agree but even more so. He told me how the pitas come from a local bakery fresh (can't remember name), and he was most exuberant describing everything.There were a lot of choices and I didn't know where to start because I don't know this cuisine and Eddie was more than happy to put together a pita combination as he is a chef. He asked me if I wanted vegetarian or not and then he went down the line putting a combination together for me on the fly working with my preferences.When I finally had my pita (see picture) the flavors were awesome! I was tasting something I could very happily eat in a sit down restaurant. I do not know where else you can get such a high quality food quickly and for a decent cost.
5	This place just created a TASTE-GASM on my tongue !Best Mediterranean place around Tempe give this place a go !
4	Drove by this place & made a note to check it out.  Stopped to see what everyone on Yelp thought and that sealed the deal.  So many options, endless combinations, and a very friendly staff.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be heading back to sample some more.  What a bargain.  I opted for the "plate" which comes with 2 proteins, 2 veggies, 1 salad, toppers, and a sauce, oh! and hummus.  I wound up with chicken, beef, roasted veggies, the kale, chopped salad, hummus, olives, pickles, pita, garlic aioli, and a pita for under $10!
5	i really loved my falafel pita. i was a little bit skeeeered at first to create my own, ya know, with the classic falafel pita creation being so divine. but i went for it. i added roasted beet hummus, fried eggplant, garlic aioli (put this on everything, please), tatziki and some other goodness. i went there for lunch and seriously though about going back for dinner to try another version. can't wait to go back. solid stuff.
5	This place is a perfect, healthier option in the Tempe area. The food tastes fresh, the pricing is very good for the amount of food you get and the staff are so friendly. I will definitely eat here again!
5	I live right near this place and had been meaning to stop by; it is always a pleasure to see a new local business pop up. My fiance's Vegan sister was in town and we needed to get something quick and tasty after a long day. I took orders and left for my one block journey. When I arrived the two gentleman working greeted me with smiles and took some time to get to know me. Everything looked AMAZING! I told them I needed something vegan and Eddie took it upon himself to create a masterpiece of Mediterranean Vegan friendly meals. They let me sample anything I wanted and I ended up with a wonderful gyro bowl with caramelized egg plant, roasted potatoes, and so many other yummy things. I would give this place 5 stars for their customer service alone, but they have amazing food as well.
5	This place is great!  The owner is the Chef and uses fresh home made from scratch food.  Each dish has delicious flavor!  There are endless combinations!  Even my 2 1/2 yr old son loved it!
4	Awesome med food, and they got the best gyros. I tried their Lamb gyro which was too good. They got variety of hummas and the way they serve food like chipotle is a good idea and different.
4	Yum! They really have some very flavorful food, I loved the rice and hummus and the chicken was seasoned and cooked so well, the falafel was my fav.  I worry about food temps, I felt a little queezy a little while after eating, but it passed very fast, and it may not have had anything to do with the meal, but I automatically thought it could have because of how the food appeared...  I won't shy away from trying again if I am in the area...
4	This place is pretty great.  I was thinking about Hummus Express earlier today because I plan on going tonight and I gleaked.  My mouth began water so much that I sprayed my disgusting spit all over the place like a dilophosaurus.Dude, try the beet hummus.  It's pink and looks awful and weird but it's amazing.  Their falafel is pretty damn solid.  I just love it, man.  I love the way it's set up.  I want more people to come and to support this awesome place.
5	Delicious.  Great falafel.  Always great service and they're always accommodating.  Also if you're not sure about anything ask if you can taste it, they will gladly let you try anything.
4	Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Speed, price, service and taste! Will be finding excuses to go and take friends too!
5	This place impressed me so much, that it inspired me to write my first Yelp review. I work about half a mile away from this place, and noticed it was newish driving by. For about 2 months, I intended to try it. Today, I finally took the plunge and walked in not knowing what to expect. The place is small, and there were only about 4 people sitting at tables, even though there were 3 people working behind the counter. The place is set up kinda like a Chipotle or a Qdoba - you pick the type of meal you want, and right in front of you are all the different options to include. I choose a bowl and filled it with both types of rice, chicken, grilled eggplant, red pepper hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, green onions, and feta. It also came with my choice of a regular pita or a whole wheat pita. Everything looked amazing! Upon my first bites I discovered it TASTED amazing. Everything was good on it's own, and it was every better when I started mixing it all together. I devoured the whole thing. It is very easy to eat healthy here, since everything is so fresh and so tasty. I strongly urge everyone to try this place -- they need to stay open so I can solidify it as my regular lunch spot. The customer service was superb too -- they explained to me how the meals worked and even let me try the hummus since I must have looked distraught over having too many options. My bowl and my pita rang in for less than $8. Fantastic!
3	Can't say I'm a fan. Sad cuz I love hummus. The pita was hard to choke down, it iis served cold and it was very dry. However, the place is very clean and a cool atmosphere. I will give them another try and get something different. Maybe it was just an off day.
5	Outstanding food! Gary (one part of my Dining Trio) and I were hungry after attending a conference. We were cruising by the choices on Broadway and saw "HUMMUS" on the strip mall store. That made me curious. So, we adventured into the restaurant to give it a try. Very worthwhile!Whether you are a vegan, vegetarian or meat eater, you will find something you love here. The staff was very engaging, friendly and helpful. It took a few minutes to wrap our heads around how the choices work. You can engineer your own great meal, picking and choosing by sight what you want.One thing: if you like falafel, try it here! It was some of the best. And I used to eat it when I traveled in the Middle East. Gary and I shared the largest plate and had a blast trying this and that, and adding this topping and that topping. The eggplant was pretty darn yummy, too.Go in with a sense of adventure, and try the offerings. Try new tastes and open up your world to new flavors and textures. This type of food is very healthy. It was a fun dining experience and I wish Hummus were in Tucson. I'd be a regular!
5	this place is like a greek chipotle. you can be an healthy or unhealthy as you would like, but everything is great! its quick and easy and great for a quick fresh lunch. i would definitly recommend this place!!
4	I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.
5	We came here for dinner tonight. Five stars for the service alone. Granted we were the only customers in the building, but the owner/chef really went above and beyond to please us on our first visit. Really, I was blown away.The food was good. I could tell that some of the items had been sitting out for a while. But I do not fault them for it. Why? Because it was completely dead inside. According to the owner/chef, they are extremely busy during lunch hours, but traffic slows down severely around dinnertime. Given that, they at least had every advertised item available, and most of it looked and tasted fresh.So come on, people. Try this place for dinner sometime. Not only will the owner thank you, but so will the rest of the dinnertime customers.
3	Like other reviewers said the owner is very nice. We decided to try this since we read all the positive reviews on yelp. We did not like the the food being cold. (Chicken, potato) Did not feel like fresh just cooked food.  We went in around 2pm.
5	We picked this place based on yelp reviews.  Thanks!! This is now our "go to" for gyros.This place offers a nice amount of toppings, awesome make your own pita/plate/bowl.Please give this local business a shot.
5	I actually stumbled upon this place by chance.  I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite in between sessions of my daughter's swim championships.  I was going to go to the juice bar next door but it turned out to be a diet/nutrition place with a membership requirement, so I started talking to Eddie at Hummus Xpress.  He was so incredibly personable and accommodating that I had to give his restaurant a shot.  Everything smelled amazing so it made it an easier decision.First, let me reiterate....Eddie, the owner, is forthright, honest, and incredibly nice.  As previously mentioned, the concept is like a Mediterranean Chipotle with the difference being this is locally owned and sourced food with lots of organic, vegan friendly, and fresh food.  You pick your choice of bowl, plate, or pita and then add main meat or vegetable component, added toppings such as hummus(6 kinds made fresh daily), tabouli, etc.  From there, you pick topping of sauces, hot sauces, olives, tzatziki amd more.  Eddie will let you sample whatever you would like.  The gyro mean is so tasty but I rolled with the slow roasted braised beef.  All I can say is you must try this place, whether or not you are in the area.  It will be well worth your time.
5	I'm constantly serching for quick healthy lunch options. This place is exactly what I was looking for!  It's basically like a Mom and Pop Chiptole with Mediterranean Food. Everything was colorful, fresh, healthy. I will be adding this to my frequent lunch spots!
5	I love this place! It can seem overwhelming the first time since they offer so many choices, but they are so nice and incredibly helpful that they make it super-easy. Everyone that I've taken there has loved it. Highly recommend!!!
5	Amazing on all levels....perfectly spiced....just perfect! We will be back often!
5	Tried this place for the first time and was very impressed. The owner/chef made a ton of helpful (and delicious) suggestions, the food was great and the price was on point. We went mid-afternoon time and the food tasted freshly made. Also worth mentioning-this place is very allergy/vegetarian/vegan friendly.
5	So glad I found this gem! My favorite place in Phoenix Metro now. Price is great for what you get and every item is so tasty and well-seasoned and most items are pretty healthy too. The owners are really nice and very accommodating and I recommend everyone try it :-)
5	You can't find a place within 30 miles of ASU that has the quality of healthy food for the price , it is a friendly place with a character you do not find  in the franchises that serve inferior food at a higher price. The food is fresh, healthy, and very  priced ....only a walk from the ASIA campus. Best find for me this summer !
5	The owner is from Lebanon, and knows some authentic food. The place opened near my house and their sides for food are great. They cook it more authentic than other "pita" joints that just toss some kebab meat on a pita and call it a day. This is the only place that has awesome sides like tabouli salad and roasted eggplant that comes with your meal. They've been known to have live music and crazy business at lunch. Honestly, they have some of the best food and should get recognized for it!
5	The food is fantastic, the prices are low, and the staff is super friendly.  This is my favorite lunch spot bar none!
5	My husband and I were excited to try yet another mostly vegetarian restaurant (don't worry carnivores...they have meet too!)We each got a "bowl" - I loaded mine with Falafel, saffron rice, broccoli, eggplant (YUMMMY), cilantro & jalapeno hummus, cucumbers, onions, cilantro, tzaziki(?) sauce and shung sauce...The Falafel were REALLY good...closest I've had in the states since I ate them in Israel. The flavors of all the veggies were really nice...and it came with a pita as wellDefinitely a great place to go if you like hummus and mediterranean flavors!We will definitely return :)
4	This place is great!  I had lunch at Hummus Xpress for the first time today and I will be back for more.I had a "bowl" and filled it with rice pilaf, gyro meat, ginger glazed carrots, jalapeno cilantro hummus, lentil kale salad and chose the whole wheat pita.  There are lot's of combinations to choose from and I will what to give them all a try.Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's industrial and little dated.  The food is great, the service is great, and it's easy find and to get to.  Recommended!
5	I am half way done eating my meal and I couldn't yelp this place fast enough!  I got a plate with beef and gyro.  The beef was a recommendation by a employee.  The beef was/is AMAZING!  The meats were all warm.  The carrots were spicy and delish!  They gave me a ton of kalamata olives which I LOVE.  The portions are beyond generous.  This place is top notch and I will definitely be back!
5	First time visiting and everyone was very friendly. One employee walked me through each of the options and let me try everything before. I definitely recommend this place for lunch in Tempe!
5	Absolutely awesome concept! Tons of vegetarian and vegan options (all labeled such) for building a plate, pita sandwich or bowl.  Way too many things to list, but I chose a bowl with rice, 1 veggie, 1 hummus, and falafal served with a side of pita. Owner is great if you're a first timer walking you through the options and makes great suggestions. Highly recommend for lunch or dinner - seriously - GO HERE!
5	I love middle eastern food and this didn't disappoint. All the hummus flavors were amazing. Large portions and great prices also!
5	What an amazing alternative restaurant! Employees were so helpful with explanations, and my meal was oddly amazing - coming back for sure, and adding it to my top 5 vegan options!!!!
5	I'm so glad I found this restaurant on yelp today.  Amazing food!!!  The other reviewers are right!  You won't be disappointed. :-)
4	So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!
5	I stumbled upon this place on yelp, saw the amazing reviews and decided I had to give-er-a-go.  The ordering process is a little confusing but the employees are very helpful. I believe the owner  made my bowl of awesome, and he was very cheery.  I was a little hesitant on how I would like the food because all of the ingredients were pretty much piled on each other, but I was very surprised that all the flavors mixed perfectly together.  I ordered the bowl and had gyro, saffron rice, roasted potatoes, onions, tomatoes, green onions, chipotle hummus, lentil salad, garbanzo beans, feta cheese and just a touch of tahini sauce.  I was starting to feel a little full halfway through the bowl, but the food was so great that I couldn't put it down.  I'll definitely be back and I'm really excited that there is finally a good restaurant in that strip mall!!!
4	Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.
5	I need to Xpress my appreciation for this place.Hummus Xpress is all about cafeteria-style, mix and match Mediterranean food.  You start with a plate, a bowl, or a pita, then pick a meat (or an non-meat, or no meat), some veggies (lots of choices), some hummus (or not) and then a salad and rice (or not), and then maybe a sauce (or not).  Do it yourself--get a lot of a little or a little of a lot--however you want it.  There's always many choices.Their hummus is shot through with kale and cilantro--enough to add greens and a little spice, but not too much.  Falafel?  Fala-full of flavor.  Nothing is pre-made, EVERYTHING is fresh.  Great taste, great price, nice and fast, extreme service.  Good for lunch or dinner or a snack.  Veggie friendly.Work nearby? Lunch.  Live nearby?  They deliver.  Do it.
5	Hot pink hummus? Now you're speaking my language. This place is like a delicious choose your own Mediterranean flavor adventure. You can get a pita, salad or bowl and fix it up the way you want- sort of like Chipotle or Cafe Rio. Everything I tried was outstanding. I had two kinds of hummus- beet and cilantro. The star for me was beet. It was slightly sweet and so pretty on the plate- neon pink!The chicken was tender and flavorful and the bowl had saffron rice which was also a delight. The tzatziki sauce had a slight spicy kick which I've never had, but ended up really enjoying as well. The owner was working the counter and he was so nice. I really hope this place does well. I'll be back for sure!!
5	Hummus Xpress is legit! One of the best fast-casual restaurants in the Valley. Metro Phoenix is lousy with Mediterranean restaurants, and that's a good thing. I had a conversation with the owner about this, and we both agreed that Pita Jungle played a big part in spreading the growing acceptance and consumer love for this delicious cuisine. The Mediterranean restaurants in town are all pretty damn good for the most part. I would be hard-pressed to pick a favorite. This one is right up there at the top of the list. In fact, I may just go ahead and make a list. The way you order here is similar to eating at Chipotle or Q-doba, but instead of tortillas you're getting a pita and different fixings... except cheese. Pretty much everything you could pile onto a plate here is healthy, and it's all fresh. This would definitely make this a great place to try as your first foray into this type of food if you're a virgin.The kitchen is immaculate and you can see it all from the dining room. The service is friendly and quick. And of course, the food is fresh and absolutely delicious. Since you get to pick what you want to eat, if you don't like it - it's pretty much your fault. I had a pita with beef and fixings, while my girlfriend had a chicken plate (which also comes with a pita, but you get extra protein). We both ate ourselves stuffed. This strip used to be kinda dead - this spot used to be an always-empty Chinese place where the owner didn't give a shit anymore, but the new owner cleared out all remnants of what it used to be and transformed it into something great. The neighbor at Detroit Coney Grill did the same thing, and now this strip is bustling. Hummus Xpress delivers (like actually delivers food to your door), so there's really no excuse to not try it. It was easy to give 5 stars here... I love this place. I will most definitely be back.
4	Went here for a quick lunch, was mightily impressed by the choices, combinations, and flavors. I chose to do a plate and selected the grilled tomatoes, lamb, and chicken schwarma. I proceeded to try the lentil salad, and other sides. There were many different types of hummus and sauces to choose from. I can't wait to come back and try the others!.
5	One of my favorite places to go. The staff is very friendly and always making great recommendations for the perfect dish. The food itself is truly delicious, and there are so many options to try for a low cost.
4	I want to preface my review with the fact that my Mediterranean knowledge is based on a handful of places in the valley; some better than others, (in my opinion).  At the risk of the yelp*ing community throwing themselves off Camelback mountain, I have to say that Pita jungle sort of sets the bar for me when it comes to overall taste, portion size, and quality.  Having said that, I was fortunate to try Hummus Xpress (hard to take the place serious with the name) this afternoon.  Based on the reviews alone, I was expecting a lot and was not disappointed. Live music, handful of tables, not much of a line and fairly straightforward system of ordering.  If you read more than two other reviews, I don't have to repeat the process.  It was nice to get some guidance from the line, though I was a little confused by the pricing aspect: .60 cents per item on veggies.  I wasn't clear if that was across the menu or just that region but I was so aware of it that it kept me from really wanting to pile on anymore than a single veggie.  Portion size was adequate, the bowl can hold a lot of food and you fill the bowl easily with delicious ingredients.  I sampled a few flavors of hummus and too be honest, I prefer my hummus warm which this was not but was still tasty.  What seems like a limited menu actually is fairly vast and it would be possible to have the same thing twice only by accident.  Pitas were soft and warm and the iced tea was special.  Push-button iced tea is an abomination so it was nice to see handwritten exotic flavors that didn't make you roll your eyes.  Hummus Xpress (*sigh) is now in the rotation and on the board for a good quality lunch.
5	Delicious! Lots of healthy options, and I love that I could go here every day and get something totally different. The owners are great too- really friendly, helpful and they listen to your input. When they first opened, they only had bottled teas and fountain soda- I was bummed that I couldn't get brewed iced tea. Now they have unique teas and delicious lemonade as well. Even if you think you don't like Mediterranean food you should try this place- it's great!
5	Awesome Tempe find! Fast, fresh, and delicious. We both had the bowl. Plenty of food and we both enjoyed. Build your own type of place, just like chipotle. Friendly workers too!
5	Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was delicious and full of delicious flavors! Located in a section of town with so many fast food places, this is a welcome find for a healthy delicious meal!
4	Good gyro's. Great selections for toppings. Quick service. Ok hummus.
5	Tried this for the first time today with my room mate. I insisted on Burger King, and thank goodness we didn't go there! This place is authentic, tasty, cheap and filling. I'm currently rolling around in bed making whale noises because I cannot believe how much middle eastern food I just consumed. I will definitely recommend and tell all my middle eastern cuisine loving college student friends that this is the spot!!
5	Yum, yum, yum!! Have been wanting to try this place for several months now and today I finally did. The owner walked me thru the process since it was my first time and I filled up the bowl with lots of goodies!! I can't wait to go back.....maybe tomorrow!!
3	It was okay, nothing really amazing. I was craving Mediterranean food and found this place on Yelp. For the amount of food you get, the price is pretty good. I got the plate to share with my dad and it was huge. The pita was good. The rest was quite salty, with a kind of pickled taste to it? The people who were working were so nice though. They explained how everything worked because I was obviously clueless lol.If you need a quick fix of Mediterranean food, come here. I've had better and am willing to wait for someone to cook my food and really enjoy it.
5	We went here on a recommendation from someone else, and at one point my wife even said she was upset it took us so long to find this place.  Food was good, staff was friendly, and for the amount of food you get, the price is very reasonable.  We'll be back.Also, they told us they're open until 9 PM on weekends, and they deliver now.  So don't trust the hours above.
5	I was only in Phoenix two days and ate here twice, that should tell you something! Pick a pita, bowl, or plate and call out your favorites. You get proteins, vegetables, rice, hummus and add ons and sauces, so lots of possible combinations. The falafel were great, fried eggplant was friggin' delicious. Hummus came in at least six different flavors, I tried the chipotle and roasted red pepper, both were fantastic. Tabbouleh fresh, lentil kale salad was off the chain. Service at the counter was above average. Maybe i need to move to Phoenix.
5	This place rocks. Service and food are both great. Would definitely recommend you stop in and try it out
5	This place turned out to be a VERY nice surprise. It is definitely similar to Chipotle but the quality of food here is much better in my opinion. Im only comparing it to Chipotle due to the similarites as making your order and choosing what you would like. Fresh cooked veggies, variety in meat and hummus. You also get rice and toppings as well. Easy quick dinner to pick up and take home and its very filling...and given that you pretty much cannot get anything that's unhealthy here you dont feel as guilty after you stuff your face and devour the whole bowl :)
5	It's a small place, with great customer service and most importantly really great tasting food. Can't beat it for a casual and quick bite to eat at reasonable prices.
5	I love this place! It's like chipotle, except you make a pita instead of a burrito! Everything is fresh and delicious, and the owner and staff are super nice and explain it all very well. Thanks for giving Tempe some more vegetarian options!
4	If you like garlic, you'll love Hummus Xpress. They do not hold back! I don't know if it was any one item or everything but I had garlic mouth for the rest of the night. Luckily my boyfriend and I both got dinner so it was okay - haha!But besides sweating garlic I really liked this place. I love the Chipotle-style way of doing the food. I got a bowl with rice, beef, carrots, quinoa salad, classic hummus and tahini sauce. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Some of the beef pieces were a tad on the dry side but overall it was good. Maybe it had been sitting a while? Also, the tatziki sauce was too strong for my taste so I would skip that next time. It's a lot of food. I ate half and was full so if you're like me you can easily get two meals out of a bowl.Boyfriend has been looking for good falafel for a while now and he said it was very good. It must have been because he ate it all before I could try any!The guys working behind the counter were really nice too. They were very patient and explained everything to us noobs. I will definitely be back for more!
5	Service 5/5: owner and employees were very helpful and genuine. Food 5/5: I am Lebanese and while my family does some dishes slightly different it is overall really good. I respect the fact that they don't hold back on garlic in the hummos    Overall experience 5/5: they really made the place look nice from what it previously was, food and service very good
5	This place is an awesome change from the norm. Great food, cool people, and lots of options. I will be coming back.
5	Experienced hummus xpress for the first time tonight, and truly enjoyed the experience! The staff was very friendly and helpful and guided me through making my dish. The food was great! I am a fairly picky person and was pleased to find that I loved it! Definitely recommend!
4	This place was TASTY!! It was a bit confusing at first figuring out how to order, but the owner was great and explained it all. I ended up with a hummus bowl + falafel for only like $5. The falafel were fresh and I liked both hummus's (hummusi? hummuses? hummus's?). I tried the red pepper and jalepeno ones. They also have shug. For those of you that don't know, shug is incredible. It's so spicy and amazing and no falafel/hummus feast is complete without it, yet it's annoyingly hard to find here. Hummus Xpress has deliciously fiery lovely shug that made my day. Overall, great place to check out and hopefully they open more locations!
5	Damn, yea this place is great. I like the comparison to Chipotle, it definitely fits.Its well priced, I got 2 meals for $8-9. Standard Mediterranean faire, and well done. You could make all sorts of combos out of their selection.Definitely check it out either for lunch or dinner.
4	I have been here a couple of times now and love the variety of food and its very filling.
5	Amazing food and wonderful service! I wasn't sure how the setup worked but the staff was very friendly, made great recommendations, and they let me sample a few things as well! A bowl has a lot of food- neither my boyfriend nor I could finish it! I love that they offer falafels as a vegetarian option, and the beet hummus is a must try (I don't even like beets). Go here NOW!
4	Hummus Xpress was quite the pleasant surprise.  I enjoyed the variety of options, friendly/prompt service, and the fresh quality of food. It was very affordable and a great place to lunch it up. The establishment was clean(a big deal).
4	I have to say that I was taken aback by the freshness and quality of the food here. I was a little nervous about eating at a place in a strip mall, but am very happy that I was convinced to do so. The food was delicious, the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out items, and the portions are extremely generous. The staff described the setup/ordering as "Chipotle, for Mediterranean food". This place kicks that 'C' word restaurant's butt. Cannot wait to return. Rice, veggies, gyro meat, hummus, feta cheese, sauce, and pita were all delicious. I'm salivating while typing this up... sorry keyboard :)
5	I eat here about twice a week. Eddie, the owner and chef, is super passionate about his food, and he and the whole crew are always friendly. Every meal I've ordered has been delicious and fresh. I love the different hummus options, and the falafel is really special with lots of herbs. The food is served Chipotle style, with lots of different fillers and toppings. Eat here, you will not regret it!
5	The concept of this restaurant is comparable to Chipotle. You pick pita, bowl or plate, then you pick what goes inside.I was really confused at first becasue the order of the menu on the wall was from right to left and not left to right. I wonder why...The gal behind the counter realized quickly that we were new and started explaining the menu. I picked the pita option and some random ingredients I thought they would taste good together. The whole thing turned out amazing. You can ask for sauces and rice on the side.A bonus to this place is the free iced tea check in offer. They had 3 very refreshing flavors: green, peach lavender, and mango. I took a cup to go and sipped on it for the rest of the day.
5	Great staff and great food. Enough options to have some variety each visit...or you can just stick to your favorite combos. My mouth's watering just thinking about today's lunch.  I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome. I went there for the first time today. I asked them how the menu combinations work, I also explained that I am vegan. They took their time to explain the menu to me, which I liked. There are so many different combinations you can throw together. Lots of meat for those that like that and plenty of fillers such as roasted veggies, salads, toppings and fantastic hummus. I got a bowl with a pita on the side. I would do a plate next time for dinner. The bowl is perfect for lunch. You get your choice of wheat or white pita.The staff is so respectful and helpful. I will definitely make this one of my regular weekly places to eat. Very excited to have found this place!
5	After reading the other reviews, I'm pretty much just seconding most of them.  It really is like a Mediterranean Chipotle:  Pick your size, pick your rice, pick your veggies, pick your meat, pick more veggies, pick your hummus, pick your sauce.  It's awesome, very delicious, everything fresh.  Price is "fair".  Not expensive, not cheap.  Just fair.  My meal with a drink is like $10.The owner/manager was also incredibly helpful in recommendations, descriptions, etc.  Great guy.Even had a couple of kids playing sax/guitar a few times, if that's your thing.
5	I am soooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited about this place!! Quick and delicious! Just as another reviewer described, it's like the Mediterranean  version of Chipotle. You do order from right to left, you get to pick your rice, meat and veggie, hummus and as many toppings as you would like (like olives, and, other things... yeah, I was only interested in the olives) I was actually expecting the food not to be too fresh since it's basically served buffet style, but it was surprisingly fresh and perfect! I had the gyro meat and I honestly think it's the best gyro meat I've had in Tempe so far. Super moist and flavorful and it didn't give me indigestion! The hummus was really good, I had the plain one (If someone can't make plain hummus right, then there is no point in trying the flavored ones) It was good!!! I asked if it was made in house or bought, they told me everything is made in house.Even the drinks were exciting! I had lavender-peach tea. It was fresh and I loved that it wasn't sweetened. Don't forget to check in and get a free tea! This will definitely be a regular lunch spot for me....how can you beat cheap, fresh and delicious?
5	This place is fantastic.  I had their bowl with beef, fried eggplant, saffron rice, classic hummus, and the kale salad.  I work close-by and plan on bringing my co-workers in.  This is definitely on the regular lunch spot rotation.  The peach-lavender tea was also lovely. Everything was very fresh.  Try it out! You won't be disappointed! :)
1	Bland food. Serving wasn't well eg rice was cold, gyro wasn't well done, etc. kale wasnt well cut... not recommended.
4	The food is very good to the point of being unique.  You can get most of what is served here elsewhere, if you stop at several different restaurants, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find a single place that does what Hummus Xpress does.This is the third or fourth time I've been here but  it occurred to me today that if you're one of those people who doesn't like their food touching this might not be the place for you since everything kind of goes into one big pile.  Frankly it makes for some very interesting flavors, but it may not be for everyone.
5	Delicious! Quick! Easy!  So glad we tried Hummus Xpress.  My chicken pita was great but I didn't expect so many delicious salad and side options too.  Can't wait to come back again and try more
3	I love this place. The food is great and you get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly and considerate. BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! Put on some gloves!!! It is disgusting! I think this is mostly the younger guys that work here and not the owner. One young man had two gloves on, one had one glove on. He grabbed plates and pitas with his bare hands, and the cashier had no gloves on. I watched the cashier touch money, touch food items, then touch money again. Luckily he didn't handle any of my food, I would have politely asked him to put gloves on. He did scoop a side of sauce for us sans gloves, he dipped his finger in the first cup, he tossed that one, scooped another and spilled it on his hand. He then went back to cashiering. This grosses me out to no end. So unsanitary. Please please please educate your employees on food handling!
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I come here all the time and the owner always remembers us. The food is amazing with great service and a reasonable price! The falafels are made the order and the lamb melts in your mouth. Amazing Mediterranean food!
5	Super friendly staff that stayed open a little later so we could get our fix! Beet Hummus, Kale salad, fresh falafel! I highly recommend EVERYTHING on the menu. Seriously, it's quick and delicious! A rarity in a sea of fried fast-food "restaurants".
4	I really liked the concept of picking your own toppings, etcetera. Each item I picked was well done and tasted great. I was impressed.  The flavor blended well together on the plate. The portion was sizable. I have it four stars as the meat had been sitting and was ok and the pita was reheated and dried out. I will go back for sure.
5	The food is delicious! Go! Your taste buds will thank you. So much flavor in one bowl and everything individually, every hummus, every salad is amazing. Been to Mediterranean places and paid 30 dollars for a dish and in comparison they were garbage. Staff is very friendly, helpful and welcoming. I'll be back.
5	I just moved to the area and wanted to try something new and this was perfect! Hummus Xpress had an incredibly friendly staff that walked me through ordering and made great suggestions. The food was quick and great and I can't wait to go back!
5	I can not get over this place. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, oh and did I mention that the food was out if this world? Honestly was not expecting much, my boyfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something healthier... So we went in, split a plate and a hummus bowl, and had left overs. The food was so good, we are going back again tomorrow for more. I have a feeling I will be a regular. ;)
5	Fantastic food and the best part is I can get what ever I want on my plate just like chipotle .
5	I recommend hummus xpress to everyone who likes good Mediterranean food! The combo choices offer anything you can think of- a great selection of meats, hot and cold veg, hummus, and sauces. My boyfriend and I got to sample ALL of the hummus options and it was so hard to pick which was best because they were ALL unique and delicious! I got the "bowl" which is the smallest of the combo meals, but it was very filling and satisfying AND I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.Finally, the service was tremendous! The gentlemen serving the food were very knowledgable and were eager to give recommendations :)
4	Went for the first time yesterday with a friend for lunch, right at the height of noon.  They were busy, but handling the rush.  I had a falafel plate, and while I had a short wait for the falafel, the taste of everything was outstanding.  My plate was falafel, eggplant, regular hummus, rice, some veggies and goat cheese with a regular pita (wheat was an option).  My friend had chicken.  We both left full and happy!!  Very affordable for a fresh lunch option in Tempe, healthy and filling as well.  I will definitely be back.  Glad to be the 100th review  Whoo hoooo.
5	Amazing restaurant!  Love the concept of picking your own combinations of food. Great flavor and very unique!  Love all the different types of hummus, veggies, and meats. Great place if you are vegan or gluten free! Love their friendly staff that let's you try samples of hummus. The owner, Eddie, is passionate about the food he serves and is very hospitable.  Very tasty!!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner. They provide a rare combination of health and taste, tradition and innovation!Be sure to try the creative types of hummus that they make and the garlic aoli. The staff is very hospitable and they will take the time to guide you through the process.This is one of the few restaurants that will make you crave vegetables. I encourage you to try the ginger carrots, roasted eggplant, and the various ways that they prepare kale.I have nothing but good things to say about Hummus Xpress.
5	This place is amazing. Nice little gem in Tempe. A nice variety of hummus my favorite being the chipotle hummus. The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly and very good service. Enjoy!!!!
5	Honestly. Go here if you care about eating great tasting, healthy food and supporting a unique local business. It's like chipotle for Mediterranean food. Delicious.
5	It's so easy to eat healthy when food tastes so good!
5	The Best & Healthiest Mediterranean place nearby! Must try if you are in the neighborhood.
5	First time trying this place, and for sure won't be the last time. It was awesome! The service was awesome after telling the person who served us that this was our first. He explained in detail and let us try some samples before we bought. This place will be on our radar from now on when choosing a place to eat.
5	I always have a great lunch here.  The options available to mix and match are a great mix of healthy and flavorful.  Today they even had 2 jazz guitarists playing which I hope will be there again.
4	This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.
4	The Chipotle of the Mediterranean. Fresh, flavorful and fast. The tea tasted like it was actually brewed in the back, not from a mix. I hadn't ever been here before, but if I lived or worked in this area I'd be a regular.The menu was a bit confusing but essentially you choose a meat, rice, hummus and other toppings. The Yelp check in bonus was a free iced tea. The serving sizes were generous enough that I couldn't finish it all for lunch, and all of the flavors went together really well. Plenty of vegetarian and low carb options since you could trade something out for the meat or rice portions of the dish.Staff was friendly and helpful even with a busy lunchtime crowd. I needed sugar for my tea since there wasn't any at the beverage station and someone ran into the back to get me some. Unfortunately, he came back with salt, which I dumped in and then nearly gagged at. Second time was the charm though, and the tea was great.
5	Wow! This place has PER-SON-NAL-I-TY!The guys that cook, serve and own this place are REALLY nice guys, and the food is VERY authentic.  For people who have a 100% Americanized palate, it might be a tad different for your tastes, but if you like meat, no meat, hummus, no hummus, tzatziki (sp?), or veggies, you should definitely stop by.  To be honest, the food is really great, but it's the personalities of the people that work there that will keep me coming back.  I KNOW that I will leave in a good mood after having lunch there. :)
3	I would say the good is pretty alright here. There were a lot of bold flavors that I don't think I was ready for, but it was good nonetheless. Right when we got there, the two men behind the counter were very nice and welcoming. The heat though, was not welcoming. We chose to get our food to go because there was no way we could sit in that room to enjoy our meal. Anyways, the guys made our meal easy to choose from all the choices and were very helpful as we were first timers. If you can, get the tea. I think I enjoyed that more than the actual meal. Great service, and I can see good for others, just not my thing I don't think.
4	Food is very very bold here with lots of distinct flavors. Was recommended by the dudes behind the counter to go with the bowl. Comes with rice, 1 meat, 1 veggie, 1 salad and as many fix-in toppings your heart desires. Cucumbers, feta cheese, pickled radishes, and tzatziki sauce. On the side was warm pita bread. Also took advantage of the yelp check in for a free tea. The only thing that bothered me was the temperature inside of the restaurant. It was so warm that I felt like I had just entered a sauna. We had no choose but to order to-go.
5	Bold flavors, super fresh ingredients, and VERY friendly employees. This place is like Chipotle for Mediterranean food, without the chain restaurant feel. We stopped here after arriving at PHX and picking up our rental car at the Enterprise right down the street. We were totally starving and Yelp saved the day! We must have looked a little lost when we walked in because an employee immediately offered to walk us through the process. I ordered a bowl with saffron rice, gyro meat, roasted red pepper hummus, lentils, and lots of fresh veggies. It was absolutely delicious. And there was a check-in offer for one of their fresh brewed teas - score! All in all, this place deserves 5 stars. I would seriously eat at Hummus Xpress multiple times a week if I lived in the area.
5	amazing place!!
5	I must say, it has been YEARS since i have been so excited about a restaurant as I was when I walked in to Hummas Xpress.  Food was awesome, portion was awesome, the staff was so friendly.  At one point I felt like I was being cheered on by all as I ordered each element of my platter... It was awesome.Nice date night place too.  We took our food to go, but it was setup so nicely that next time we will have it to stay and enjoy ourselves a bit longer.
3	I got a bowl. There is a good variety of options for meat and vegetarian entrees. Flavor for saffron rice, tabouleh, and gyro good. The texture to the gyro meat was a bit mushy, like it had been sitting the steamer bin for a long time. The grilled eggplant was more on the burnt than grilled. Classic hummus was spot on, good. My visit was at a little after 130pm. The foil bowl is deceiving in how filling it is. Filled with a meat or veggie entree, rice, salad, veggie side, hummus and a pita!Would be willing to go back, try some other options like falafel and the lentil salad.Service was nice. She asked if I had ever been there before. And since it was my first time she walked me through ordering.
5	Large portions and very fresh and flavorful.I had a plate consisting of chicken, lamb, hummus, and several veggies and sauces.  They have a large selection of humus and yummy dishes. Several are quite spicy so be careful. If I lived here I would be a regular. I just ate and I want to go back for more. Would make a great take out too.
4	We happened on this place by accident the other day. We were waiting for our car to be done at the mechanic so we wandered down Broadway, saw this place and decided to grab some food... Best accident ever! We were greeted by a very friendly staff, who explained how it all worked. Basically, they're a self-proclaimed Mediterranean Chipotle, but SO MUCH BETTER! You have a choice of a pita, a bowl or a plate. We chose a plate, and opted to share it, and it was more than enough food! You get saffron rice, and then choose your veggie (we went with grilled zucchini and kale), and your protein (chicken, falafel, gyro, beef), we chose gyro. Then you move down and pick your hummus, they usually have 3 or 4 different flavours (we went with cilantro jalapeno), and salad (we got tabouleh). But wait! You're not done yet! Then you pick your "accessories": diced onions, pickles, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc. All designed to compliment your meal. We went with diced onions, pickles and kalamata olives. Oh my goodness. This was seriously the best $11 I've ever spent at a restaurant. The gyros was tender and flavourful, the saffron rice was a great touch. The veggies weren't soggy. The cilantro jalapeno hummus had an amazing kick to it, and we thought it was better than most of the hummus you find at Trader Joes, AJ's, etc. The tabouleh was so bright and refreshing. The portion in the plate was perfect for the two of us to share. They didn't really skimp on anything. I was thoroughly impressed with the whole thing. The guys were super nice, the food was amazing and the price was more than right. The only downside which caused me to take away a star, was that there didn't seem to be a restroom. We thought it was a little odd, but then, we also didn't ask if there was restroom. But since there's usually a sign indicating where the potty is, and the only door led back to kitchen, it seemed safe to assume there was no where to go... if you needed to... you know... go. Other than that, I highly recommend Hummus Xpress!
5	Great place! Fresh food, good people behind the counter. Great option for vegetarians. Happy to have this in the neighborhood!
5	I happened to notice this place as I was driving by looking for somewhere to grab lunch.  Ever since making the switch to vegan after already being gluten-free, finding something good to eat that is also convenient has been a challenge!  The name alone was enough to convince me that I should try it out and I was pleasantly surprised to find that almost everything is gluten-free and most everything (other than the meat, of course) was also vegan!  I had a bowl with veggies, hummus and salad and it was delicious!  Not to mention everyone working was super friendly and helpful!  There was even live music during lunch!  What a cool spot.  Will definitely be back!
4	Meat was amazing and the concept was different. You should get the plate and have the lamb meat, soooo good.
5	My wife and I love this place.  The food is great, and service is super friendly. They are set up like a Mediterranean Chipotle.  Healthy food (yet super delicious) made just how you want it. Their hummus is some of the best in the valley. All the veggies and veggie salads are delectable.  They have tons of toppings!  You must try this place!
4	Me and my boyfriend are avid hummus fans and have thus made it our mission to try hummus at every restaurant we can. This place is freaking amazing. Everything is delicious and full of flavor. Now, this place definitely has some inefficiency issues, especially when it comes to making the pita. There point of sale system is also kind of slow (and I have my suspicious about the staff).  This can be upsetting when getting to-go orders as it effects the temperature of the food. But this is my only complaint and will certainly not keep me from coming here. Their set up is that of a chipotle style, they press the pita at the beginning (or at least that is the intention, if you get something with pita on the side, they wait until the end which slows down the process) and you pick your sides, meat, hummus and toppings. Everything ends up being kinda mixed together but is still good. I even liked the rice, which I don't typically like but I'm having suspicions that I just inherently like Mediterranean style rice. *Gyro meat- greatFalafel - pretty good *potatoes - fantastic*Jalapeno/Cilantro hummus - amazeballs, very spicy*Classic hummus - Great ( I like it topped with onion, pickles and tomatoes)Rice - deliciousLemon-garlic hummus - a little spicy but pretty goodchipotle hummus- pretty good*chili .. something sauce - spicy and delicioustzaiki - great*favorite items***forgive spelling, since I'm writing this review in lieu of doing my homework, I'm not gonna take the extra time to look them up
5	Wow, just wow.I came here not really knowing what to expect.  I tried it for the first time today and I already can't wait to go back.  The layout is much like Chipotle.  The two dudes that were working were super nice and super helpful.  It was my first time so they let me try a couple things and gave me advice on what was best.Ready for this: I ended up getting a bowl with rice, fried eggplant, some sort of broccoli, chicken, lentil kale salad, red onion, tomato, a little bit of tzatziki and jalapeno cilantro hummus.  With a wheat pita on the side.It was nothing like I expected but oh my god it was absolutely amazing.  All of the flavors just meshed together.  You taste a little bit of everything, but it's almost like you don't taste anything separate.  You just taste one big bowl of all these different flavors formed into one.  Words really don't do this place justice.   The one thing I will say is don't be scared to do something a little out of your comfort zone.  I told them I don't like eggplant, they had me try it and it was the best eggplant I've ever had.  Some of the stuff they have there might seem a little out there, especially for someone like me who has a very American pallet.  Don't let that scare you and trust the people that work there.If you aren't afraid of something a little exotic, you HAVE to go here.If you are a little afraid of exotic, you HAVE to go here.  This is one of those places where you just can't go wrong.
5	It's always fun to find a great little restaurant that serves excellent healthy food choices where the portion sizes are just right.  The protein and vegetable choices that accompany the hummus are all delicious.  The wait time on the food preparation is very short and I was able to eat here and be back to work in an hour without feeling rushed.  The price and the quality of food make this restaurant one of the best finds I have come across in the Tempe area.  Will return (often) and would recommend to family and friends!
5	It's hard to add much more than what is already written for this restaurant, which properly backs up the high 4+ star rating (as of this review).   The owner/chef definitely cares about his food, the quality is high, the recipes amazing (the best roasted eggplant I had ever had) and the food a darn good value.   Although I won't deduct any stars because from a food standpoint it was so good, I would suggest the following:1.  Great concept - and well explained on the website, but the limited chalkboard menu above the food line doesn't make it abundantly clear what your options are (such as an extra veggie costing more - and if so, how much?2.  Consider a side of hummous w/out the meat/fill-in or falaffel.  Maybe a small side to accompany a pita for 2 bucks or so.  The regular hummous I tried was amazing.  I'd gladly order a pita and then add a side to that order.3.  Expand to the west side!  This is a great restaurant and concept - I passed by as I work not too far, but won't forever.  I will definitely miss this place when that day comes.
5	Coming from the taboolie mooley. I can say it's good az food. Take your photo here ginger lemon hummus. Staff is very informative and inspired.
5	Nothing fancy, just quality food at an affordable price. Hummus for days. Really great service.
5	Excellent service and amazing food. I stopped by on my way back to the office and didn't expect much of it. This place blew me away. From the moment I walked in. These guys were courteous and was patient as I make my decision on what to eat. Everything was flavorful. Don't think twice, just stop in!!!! You have to try their falafel! Delish!
5	This place never let's me down! A great takeout option ! The meat is always juicy and the various sides are delish!
5	For Mediterranean-style food this place is awesome!They have a huge variety of food and it all tastes really good.The flavors are perfect and when you get a plate, it will be more than enough food for anyone.
4	I had a FANTASTIC lunch date here with my husband today. They had live music (not sure why) but it didn't last long. The food was SOOOOO tasty. It was nice to have so many side vegetable options. I got to try a huge variety of food (3 sides, 2 kids of hummus, 1 protein, and all the toppings you can want).It was a lite and refreshing lunch. The service was EXCELLENT (i.e. the guys behind the counter were really nice). I'll be going back a lot.
5	Stopped in today for the first time. Great Food. Great service.You can custom design your meal, which I love.The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work.I will be back and I will also send others here, especially vegans and vegetarians!Thank you for providing a much needed service to all. Good, fresh food!
5	This place is exactly how everyone else described it... the Chipotle of Mediterranean food. The portions are super gracious and the food is awesome. They even got me excited about vegetables. Everything looked super delicious and I can't wait to go back. The staff was super friendly and I even heard them call customers by their names. I can't wait to go back!
5	Absolutely love the options you get when creating you dish! Very friendly staff and cute, clean little restaurant! I recomend H.E. to all my friends and coworkers!
5	This place is amazing. I've eaten here twice now and both times were great. The menu is a little complicated, but the staff is really friendly and will walk you through the process. Tons of options for vegetarians. Everything has great flavor and the food somehow all works together in one big bowl. Standouts for me are the chipotle hummus and the eggplant.
5	Mmm! MMM! Love this place and love the concept. The food is fresh, flavorful, and fantastic! I like to get a bowl with rice, gyro meat, glazed carrots, eggplant, tzatziki, and shug with a pita on the side. Your belly will thank you after! The owner/chef puts his passion for food in his choices and you can tell in the service and taste. I hope they open more around the Valley!
5	I was blown away by the quality. Don't be fooled by the location. This is not subway or a place that uses garbage frozen food. The good in this place has flavor that can't be matched.Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. I promise you won't regret it.
5	It's rare that I give a place 5 stars but if you're looking for quick healthy food this is the place for you. Lots of flavor and good customer service.
5	Finally remembered to try this place, and I should have done it sooner.Staff:  Insanely friendly and helpfulSelection: Pretty much have everything.  Tons of options for the gluten-free, vegetarian, or us carnivores.  I enjoy the vegetarian options as a change up and this place has variety to fit a wide array of tastes.Food:  I was a bit overwhelmed by the options so there was no method to my madness.  It really was delicious and the portions were huge.  I went with the Gyro, some kale veggie, the basil hummus, rice, etc, etc.... too much to list.  I went with the bowl while my gf went with the salad.  This place blew us away in all aspects.  Definitely plan on going back.  Only mini critique is to stay open later for us dinner procrastinators!
5	I love you.Fresh, great food.  Great people.  What more can you ask for?I love Mediterranean food but always struggle with what dish to order, because I want a little of each flavor from each of my favorite dishes.  Problem solved, you can get anything practically here.
5	Best Mediterranean joint in Tempe, hands down! Eddie, the owner, is a master of the art, and his expertise shines at Hummus Xpress! The atmosphere here is comfortable and inviting. Live music, plenty of customers (but not too many), and some of the most friendly employees I've experienced. And the food is FANTASTIC! Eddie crafted an exquisite dish, with jalapeno hummus, lamb, lentil, and poached mushrooms. It was a remarkably delicious dish for only $8.50! Hummus Xpress is bound to take over Phoenix. This restaurant has everything you want in the perfect Mediterranean lunch spot.
5	Ok, so I don't like fast food places, nor places that is fast food places but pretend not to be fast food places. Hummus express is a fast food place.. but not only do I like the food, I love the concept and the attitude of the employees. So I was going to a barbecue and wanted to bring some hummus. Now, I could have made it myself - but mine isn't as experimentally fantastic as what they make here. Ginger-Lemon Hummus sounds wacky, but it is so obscenely divine that one needs to test it. And talking about faith in your product when you can sample everything before you buy it. So I bought some hummus... only the hummus, even if the guys behind the counter told me how I could walk out with more stuff for less money if I followed their lead - but I didn't have to. Instead they gave me hummus, and I paid. WIn-WIn.I wish there was a way I could convey how awesome i believe this place to be - it will not suit everyone, but give it a shot. Give it a lunch.. its like $6. You could get hooked like me, or you could let the world know that you are not a connoisseur of fine experimental food, but a boring old meanie-face that smells of Chicken McNuggets.If you do take my advice, drop my name.. and they will have absolutely no idea who I am ;)   - A 6th star for the attitude of the employees.
1	I don't understand the hype. I did not like this place one bit. It was very easy to find, and very convenient because I work down the street from this place, so this is how they got the one star. So I walked in, I was impressed because it was very quaint and clean. This usually puts me in a good mood when the area is clean. So I checked out the menu online before I came so I can get an idea of the options. I was super amped!! I adore hummus, pita and veggies,  so I felt like I was winning !! Wrong, the vegetarian bowl was this weird combination of cold, soggy and hot stuff piled on top of each other. I believe they are trying to emulate Chipotle ' s Aesthetic, sorry, not feeling it. What did it in for me is that the kale was cooked with the stems on. What a lazy move! I will not be coming here again.  Sorry
5	The Veggie Bowl is the way to go. But the Gyro is delicious also. I have been here a handful of times and I'm always happy with my choices. The service is outstanding, the food is fresh and the prices are amazing! Don't miss this place. It's worth the stop.
4	Like Chipotle for middle eastern food
5	Amazing...will be back with all my friends!   Extraordinary flavors!   Get the large bowl and have 3 meals for leftovers!  Gyro meat is the best...just plain awesome for the whole experience!   Great customer service tops it off!
5	Bowls are amazing. Had the kafta bowl with the ginger lime and cilantro hummus with lentils and cucumbers.
4	Their name makes them sound like a cheesy franchise, but Hummus Xpress is anything but.Home cooked. Delicious. Fresh. Healthy. Great quick service.Couldn't ask for more, except maybe for the falafel to be a bit tastier.I get the chicken plate with rice, broccoli, potatoes, hummus, olives, feta and lentil and kale salad. A meal like that will cost you a little bit more than ten bucks, but is well worth it.Pretty hip atmosphere with chipotle-style food serving.They've got a few talented local musicians who play jazz guitar every once in awhile.
4	Friendly staff, a large variety of flavors and reasonable prices.  If you are wanting a healthy alternative check them out.
5	Food is excellent!  Portions are large.  The service is fast.  The food is healthy.  The owner served us and was very passionate about his food and restaurant. Id recommend this place to anyone.
5	Their food is packed with flavor.  A little too much for me to be honest but I still really enjoyed coming here.  The fellas behind the counter were very nice.  Awesome ingredients to choose from.  It' cool how you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl  If we are in the area we would definitely come back again!
5	I found that if I order small I could eat there more often and enjoy more things so I love the prices and the quality of food which always tastes good in the different ways that it's made:Israeli on ginger hummus with wheat pita.
3	Good food but unprofessional employees. Bring it up a notch behavior-wise and you got a great eatery.
3	Pros:- Good healthy food. - Lots of vegetarian and Non Veg selection.- Friendly StaffCons:- Confusing menu. Needs to be more clear about how many of what you can get from each section. My girl got 2 and I got 1 but we paid the same. Also they need more seasoning in the chicken. No salt whatsoever.- One spoon of meat? Really for $7-$9 you give one spoon of meat? First time i went in there i got 2 spoons. There need to be consistency with meat portions. I feel like I'm getting robbed depending on whoever is working at that moment gives you the portion he thinks is appropriate for you.-I dont know how long this place has been open for but they definitely need to clean this place up. The booths are ripped and dirty, should be aligned with the wall instead of having it in the center. There was dirt all over the floor along with a screw on the floor where we were sitting.- There was this loud vibrating sound coming from the soda machine all this time we were there. Very annoying. Fix it guys.All in all its a group of young guys running this place including the owner and seems like they are on the right track with their friendly service and healthy food. Just clean it up a little bit and you have  my 5 stars.
5	Extremely generous quantities of the most delicious vegetables, hummus, meats and other complimentary ingredients. Would recommend asking the owner for guidance on which ingredients taste best together (as you get to select and choose the combination for your meal, and there is a wide variety to choose from).  I ate here with my family and we all were totally impressed by the quality and flavor of the options (and the quantities).  Very reasonably priced, casual small setting, friendly owner.  Definitely give it a try if you have the opportunity.
4	Awesome concept for Mediterranean food (like Chipotle). The people were great and very friendly. The food was right up there with others I've had. Definitely give this place a try. 4 stars because of atmosphere. It's a very basic to-go feel. I'd still go again!
5	Tried this place today and it was BOMB the gyro bowl was amazing. The staff was friendly and funny. Def will be back
4	This is a good spot if you are looking for a quick, cheap, and relatively healthy meal.  Also, while I dont eat it, the meat looks great and I saw them butchering it themselves in the back.  The chef explained that they cook it overnight at a low temperature...sounded and looked delicious.This is also a solid spot for the vegetarians here.  Lot of options, and a lot of food-you will not leave hungry.  The reason its 4 and not 5 stars is simple: I would prefer them to give the customer the option of putting all of the different foods in seperate containers instead of meshing them alltogether in one bowl.  I would prefer to be able to taste the hummus, tzaziki, tahini, etc all seperately as they are delicious in their own right.  As it stands now, they serve it all together in one bowl and tastes fine, but you cannot differentiate between all of their different foods.
5	It's like a salad bar of Mediterranean food. I got a bowl with rice and several different kinds of veggies, hummus, and lots of free little extras like olives. The owner was very friendly and it was super fast. My bowl came with a pita and it was super filling, meat-free, and spicy just like I like it! I resisted the baklava but I gave in to lavender iced tea. For the price it's a steal and there were two young guys playing nice soft live music. I am a huge fan and can't wait to go back!!!
4	Excellent Fast/Casual Middle Eastern Style Food featuring a variety of unique Hummus and many interesting toppings. It is a little confusing on how to order and is easier to understand when you read the website. The Main Menu is $6.45-$9.95. Your best option for sampling the most amount of offerings is "the plate" so I went for that. I walked in front of the glass front buffet and the helpful people behind the glass served. When you get "The Plate" They start with a really delicious Rice. You get TWO Protein Options. I went for the Flavorful Moist Brisket and the Lebanese Falafels. Since I got the brisket the Chef recommended a little Beef sauce over my rice and it was a really great suggestion. Then I got TWO vegetables Sides, yummy spicy carrots and crisp lemon broccoli. Next came Hummus and you either get one king or they split it and you get two. With all the flavors they offer I suggest getting two as I had the Beet root Hummus and the Original. You then get a salad choice and I picked Tabbouleh.Believe it or not your not done yet.Next are a large variety of pans of all kinds of vegetables and condiments and sauces and you pick whatever you like and get a pita too.I picked Pickled Beets and some kind of Onion dish and really delicious Schug Sauce.Now I'm at the end of the line and pay. Get my Cup for beverage and seat myself.Everything was so delicious. I never had a Lebanese Style Falafel before and it seemed very different but also very good. The beef I tried was moist and flavorful and not too fatty. The rice was really, Really Good. I thought the carrots were super yummy. The pickled beets were almost crunchy with a really interesting flavor. Of course the Hummus was very good and that Schug Sauce was very aromatic and delicious. The shrug sauce had some kick to it but is a milder more herbal version of others I've tasted before but was certainly just as delicious.Very Above Average Middle Eastern Style Food in a very casual and quick atmosphere. 4.5 StarsP.S. No I wasn't able to finish my plate and took 1/2 home for latter.
5	I could eat here every day.The freshest most delicious ingredients, and to top it off a wonderful staff! Love everything about this place :)
5	Amazing food, friendly staff and did I already say the dood was AMAZING?! Fresh and flavorful dishes consistently.  No complaints here... if you love hummus and/or Mediterranean food, do your tastebuds a favor and try HUMMUS XPRESS!!!
5	This place is amazing. Friendly staff, fast food and a nice, small and cozy place to eat.Food is great. Love the different authentic toppings and the vast variety of hummus.Good baklava as well.
5	this place is amazing.healthy and delicious.... and i want the rice recipe!!!
3	Good, decent, fast Mediterranean food. You can mix and match your plate or bowl with many different types of meats, hummus, and salad. Good for on the go if you're craving Mediterranean food. Mind you that if they have a slow day, it may be sitting for a few in the warmers so you won't get that freshly cooked meat that you would get a sit down restaurant. Staff is very nice.
3	The flavor and spices are great however it was on food that was sitting for a while.  Healthier options available.  The plate is good if your hungry, has a lot of options.
5	This place never let's me down. Great food and it is clutch when you want something different.don't forget to check in to get the free tea. The egg plant here is fantastic.
5	Yum. Fast, authentic, healthy and delicious! I will be back, probably tomorrow:) Not to be missed.
5	Similar concept to Chipotle, but Mediterannean style. The portions were large and the price was good. You either get to choose a plate, pita, or bowl. You then go down the row and get to pick a meat, hummus, salad, and cooked vegetable option as well as unlimited raw vegetable toppings. I order half grilled chicken, half falafel bowl with grilled zucchini, tabouleh, a combination of lemon/ginger and jalapeno/cilantro hummus, and a ton of vegetable toppings. Everything tasted incredible and the employees were exceptionally friendly and helpful. I will definitely be coming back here!
4	This place has a really good hummus selection and the veggies and sauces they have to accompany everything is spiced and just delicious. I've been there a few times and I like my creation every time :) Good price too!
3	Went there for the first time last week. Flavors were really good!! But I only have them 3 stars based on service. I got beets on top of my pita. I get home and take my first bite but there was something rock hard I bit into. It was a raw beet. In fact all the berets in my pita were raw and rock hard. I was very disappointed. I had to sit there for a couple minutes to pick them out. I wanted to let the manager know, so I called. In fact I called FOUR times and nobody answered the phone. It went to a generic automated voicemail that said the mailbox was full. So I went online and contacted them and let them know. It said I would received a response within 72 hours. A week abd a half later, no response. I'm not saying the food I received want good, it was. But the lack of customer service and raw beets is bad.
4	Food is delicious! I have eaten here a few times and have had a good experience every time. The food is fast and fresh. My favorite hummus is chipotle. I'm not usually a big fan of eggplant but I love theirs!
4	First time here and it was pretty good. A lot of food. I got a "bowl" and will definitely try it again.
5	I've been waiting to go to this place!!!!!! Let's say third time is a charm! Hummus xpress was finally open! I ordered the plate with lamb gyro and beef brisket!!! Mmmmm! The goodness didn't stop there.I went for the beet and chipotles hummus, all the sides (I love vegetables) and you must know their is unlimited toppings of your choosing. To top it off I got garlic aioli and taZiki. I'll be back before my flight out!I also received free tea with the yelp deal and finished off dinner with a pistachio baklava.
5	Yum!!! This place is awesome. A vegan hidden gem!! Excellent selection of add ons at no additional charge. The guy working there, possibly an owner, was very down to earth, made great suggestions and friendly. Definitely coming here again. The food was AMAZING!!
4	Food is good and fresh. I am a regular there for lunch. Two minor issues are - firstly that there are multiple attendants and sometimes the serving size really varies from bowl full to bowl 3/4 full. And secondly usage of same serving spoon/tongs for all meats is a bit of a growl for me - It doesn't bother me but I would prefer if serving spoon/tongs are kept separate. The attendants are very polite and nice and almost always wish you when you arrive and when you leave.
5	Independently owned. Operated by some of the coolest workers you'll meet and the food is just great. They always change the menu up a little to keep it interesting with multiple choices of hummus, meat, veggies, salad choices and toppings. If Eddie is there, tell em ZeeDubb sent you lol
5	This place is such a refreshing change of pace from all the other mediterranean joints that serve the same old falafel, hummus, pita. etc. Hummus Xpress is an exciting new addition to that boring line up. I've been wanting to try out the restaurant  for awhile after seeing it featured in the New Times, but I rarely find myself in Tempe. I ended up taking my parents there before seeing a show at Gammage. We all left very full and happy.The owner explained all the menu and all the offerings for the day. I got a falafel plate which was a ton of food. It comes with one veggie side, but the owner threw in a few bites of all of them so I could try them out. The falafel was fantastic, and I fell instantly in love with the spicy carrots. I got the lemon ginger and beet hummuses since those were the most unusual sounding. They were both super good, and more unique than the standard hummus I make at home.My parents were happy with their meat based dishes. I thought it was interesting that one of the choices was brisket. Unexpected for a mediterranean place, but that's the beauty of Hummus Xpress.
4	The place is legit.  I had chicken and falafel.  The falafel was a little dry but everything else was very, very good.  Good rice.  Very good hummus.  Someone wrote it was like Mediterranean Chipotle.  It kind of is.  You build your own bowl or plate.  It is unique and really good.   The people helping are also fantastic.   I will go back when in town.  Thanks Yelp community for this find.
2	regular
5	OMG this place killed it.. outstanding grub.. unique concept and flavor bombs that tantalize the taste buds. . Oh and super friendly staff!
5	Best place I have found in a while! Fresh ingredients and so many amazing flavors! Everything is amazing, love eggplant!
5	Love everything about this place. Everything is full of flavor and mouthwatering, decently priced and super fast service. Came in lady was very sweet, everyone there is very friendly. I'll will defiantly be coming back here. Hard to find vegan friendly places hummus xpress is a keeper!
5	Totally delicious food and the service could not have been nicer.  I asked the clerk for a suggestion and he hooked me up personally. He prepared a bowl, mix of beef & chicken & veggies. The saffron rice has the best flavor... My meal was colorful, healthy & delicious. I'm a future return customer!
5	This is an amazing place to eat! It's fast, it's easy, it's cheap...but the food is plentiful, healthy and unbelievably delicious! All my co-workers looove this place and we all come here sometimes twice a week for lunch or dinner. This is the chipotle of mediterranean food, yet sooo much better! You won't be let down, I promise!
5	Awesome food.  Quick.   Healthy.  Friendly service.  Soo glad I found this place.
5	Came here because my friends were in the mood for rice, but gotta say, the cilantro jalepeno hummus was the star of the plate we split. Went with a plate so we could try lots of different stuff all mixed together and it turned out to be a ton of food that we barely finished between two people.  All for less than 11 bucks! Love the carrots and the potatoes. The guys were super helpful and explained all of the options and gave recommendations. Will definitely be back.
4	I have to dock a star because we've stopped here several times when they were closed but their posted hours said they should be open. In fact, that happened three times and I didn't want to try again, but today we decided to stop in. It's a really great concept, kind of like a Mediterranean chipotle. They are super concerned about food costs and therefore quite inflexible about substitutions. I can understand, although the way the bowls are structured, it's hard to avoid certain ingredients that aren't universally liked. Overall, we really enjoyed the food. everything was super flavorful, especially the eggplant.
5	Hands down the best Mediterranean food in Tempe, if not the valley!  Super flavorful and authentic. Plus the employees are very friendly and helpful. The eggplant and falafel are my favorite things there. All of the hummus is delicious. So many options to choose from!
5	Love this place. Food is very delicious and the staff some of the most friendly and personal that I've ever met
4	This is a great place to stop in Tempe for a quick, delicious, semi-affordable lunch (around $8-$9).  I usually order a bowl for lunch and it is more than enough food for the average person.   In my bowl I'll usually get the rice, kale/carrots/or zucchini, gyros, hummus (I favor the cilantro jalapeno), and top it off with feta, olives, tzatziki, and schug (love this stuff).  My only complaint would be that the menu doesn't really explain what you are allowed to get in your bowl, and they don't tell you that something is an extra charge until it is already added and you are at the register to pay.   The people working are always very friendly, and the place is always clean.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anybody.
5	Really good middle eastern food "fast"Good, quick and healthy Awesome place for lunch with a lot of flavors
5	Incredibly happy I tried this place. Easy 5 stars. The staff was great but more importantly the food was better. My wife is here for the Ironman and she gives it the healthy thumbs up too. Wish there was one where I live.
5	Looking for Mediterranean in Tempe and stumbled onto Hummus Express. Who needs ambience when the food is this great. Excellent vegetarian and meat choices to please any palate. We'll be back!
5	This place is pretty / really good. Like others reviewed it, it is like a healthier Chipolet without the upcharge on everything plus you leaving with felling of a healthy-full. Customer service is outstanding. I wasn't aware of a couple of item choices and they helped me out with tasters and recommendations. Money-wise, best bang for your buck.
5	Yumm-o! This is my new favorite Mediterranean takeout place!  For $7.95 you can order a Bowl that comes with saffron rice, 1 veggie, 1 protein, 1 hummus, and unlimited toppings (such as cabbage, bell peppers, cucumbers, chick peas, beets, olives, and much more that I don't remember).  It's a LOT of food, and I had enough leftovers for a snack later.Upon taking the first bite of my bowl I let out a "Mmmm!" bc it was so tasty, seasoned nicely, and flavorful.  My only mistake was in getting cilantro jalapeno hummus AND cilantro jalapeno sauce.  Their jalapeno hummus is actually SPICY -- not like at other places I've been to before.   So while it tasted delicious, my mouth was burning and my nose was running towards the end of the meal!  Good thing they include a pita with the bowl, so that helped cool my burning tongue :PPlus, the people here are so nice and friendly and seem genuinely excited about the food they serve, which is awesome.  We'll definitely be back!  Probably next week.I tried to take a pic, but the yelp app kept freezing :( boo
5	Awesome food!  A great find!  Roll your own plates with fresh, perfectly spiced food.
4	you can make your own bowl alot of variety and its really tasty owners are friendly
5	This place is a hidden gem. It offers amazing and authentic food at an affordable price. If you like Mediterranean then hummus express is a must. Everything is always fresh and packs a punch. I have high hopes for this business. It has great potential.
5	Great service, explanation of concept and the food speaks for itself! It's a must try!!!
5	The best in Tempe for a fast, filling and healthy meal! Their falafel is the best I've ever had.
5	Delicious! I eat here whenever I'm in town. They offer different types of hummus and you can mix and match what's added to your dish. My favorite place for Mediterranean food. Very friendly and helpful staff.
5	First time and here and won't be the last! Very friendly and helpful service with amazing Greek/Lebanese food. Reminds me of chipotle service with great portions. Try it out
4	Delicious. Fresh. Huge portions...you could probably split with someone. Good stuff.
5	I love this place! The food is incredible, its so fresh and delicious. I work nearby and visit frequently. Vegetarians and meat eaters will love this place!
5	Mediterranean food that isn't only healthy and delicious but astonishingly affordable too. I would highly recommend this place for vegans/vegetarians on a budget.
3	Actually, Middle Eastern food is one of our favorites, and we will probably be back -- if we happen to pass by at lunch time, and we are hungry.  But there is nothing about Hummus Xpress that would make it worth a trip.Like the others of its genre, epitomized by Chipotle Mexican Grill, Hummus Xpress allows you to choose from four presentations (basically the container you want the food served in), four proteins, and various sides.  They build your meal in your container, you pay at the register, find a table, and sit down to enjoy -- well, to enjoy some of it.The location is small and basic, which is okay, but what is not okay is problems with the food.  The gyro meat, for example, was far too thickly cut so that it did not get that crispy caramelized crust on the outside, and it was luke warm.  The spicy carrots were unevenly cooked, with many pieces raw and others mushy.  The signature hummus was nowhere near as good as the Sabra variety you can buy at a grocery store.  And the pita was dull, cold, and generally substandard.  Some items were quite good, however, such as the braised beef (brisket), kale salad and rice.  But taken on balance, the food is just average.  Hummus Xpress does not rate four or five stars, no matter what standard you judge it by.
