2	The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market is the bantam weight of farmer's market's in the valley.  "Weighing in at 113 pounds, in this corner of the valley we have MILL mill AVENUE avenue FARMER'S farmer's MARKET market!  Let's get ready to haggle!!"When we arrived around 9:45 am there were about 8 stalls, one with produce.Diminutive comes to mind.  "The Mill Ave. Farmer's Market was reported to be rather diminutive, with only a smattering of stalls and little produce to be found."Petite.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market would need a little padding to run with the college girls, know what I'm saying?Pee Wee.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market had a very good game today at the Kiwanis Rec Center and is now celebrating over Gatorade and granola bars in the picnic area.You get the idea.  We left to get some coffee and returned about a half hour later to find 3-4 more vendors.  There was a honey vendor, hummus, cookies, produce, a couple sandwich places, flowers...and the one place with produce.I'll give it some time as they are new.  I'm hoping in a month or so they will have a better turnout of vendors.
1	One star for lack of vendors.I was really excited to hear that there would be a farmer's market but I'm not sure they should call it that just yet. It should be re-named to one farmer, some hummus and some honey market. Aside from the great smells from the roast beef sammy's there was nothing there that interested me. Even the produce were lacking, maybe 10 apples a couple oranges. You get the idea. It took me a minute to see all that the market has to offer. Let's not advertise this until you get about 20 vendors or so. It was a huge disappointment.
3	The "Little Engine That Could" should offer a lesson to the Tempe Farmer's Market. Because it isn't what is claims to be. Aside from the token produce stand, the token honey stand and the token olive oil stand, this place really doesn't have a leg on which to stand. That's a shame. But, that's a college town. When I found out this farmer's market has been existing for about four weeks, I was truly disappointed in the turnout, because a dozen vendors do not a farmer's market make. While there is a great potential for this to be a great destination, I question whether or not Tempe--downtown Tempe at that--is an appropriate location for such a market. I'll keep my judgment to myself in the meantime and continue to shop here. At least there are alternative shops abroad.
4	Okay so it's smallso there isn't a lot of optionsit's merely a seedling! it needs support, and timeeverything has to start somewhere!great farmer's markets are not born overnight, but grown overtime!
