3	I try not to go to these places (mexican grocery store) b/c everything smells and looks sooooo good and it is not good for my diet. My bf ordered a taco salad and it looked so frigggin good. He said it was ok. I ordered teh menudo and I'd never order that again. It was horrible. However i will not base my review soley on their menudo. I do go there to buy baked toastadas. You know how you can buy corn tortillas either regular or crunchy.... the crunchy ones are fried... but this place sells BAKED tostadas caseras. 2 for 100 calories. Cant' beat it as we use that as chips in my house to save on calories and still get the crunch. They sell great looking meat/fish/etc. including sweet delectibles - emanadas de pina ,  pumpkin, apple, vanilla, bollios, etc. This is the closest mexican food groc near me but If i had to choose - id pick el super over this place anyday.
2	Heard good things from different people about the Cuban sandwiches here. Never tried a Cuban sandwich before, so why not have my first at King Ranch.  Finally had the chance to try them and they did not please me at all. Hopefully my next Cuban sandwich fix will be better than here. Not worth the price and I could have made something better at home.
4	Out cruising the other night and passed by this place. We didn't know what to expect so we decided to stop in and check it out. From outwards appearance, it looked like a grocery store and once inside discovered it was that but also a bakery. There are the standard Mexican pastries like Pan de Huevo-really dense egg bead, in white, chocolate and yellow, Cuernos de Azucar also known as sugar hornes, pan Fino Empanada, a Mexican turnover, and then there are things like Flan and Tres Leches Cake (um, my favorite). The produce department is huge, a lot of fresh vegetables and chilies and at least one wall of dried spices. The meat depart is inclusive for fish, shell fish, pork, tripe, and beef. Overall, it's a neat little market that will have just about anything you would need to cook those oh so delicious garnachas (l like the chorizo ones) or entomatadas (the tomatilos and chile are super tasty) and you can pick out some flan for desert!
4	As having always feeling awkward about trying out a store that is more of place for another culture than my own, I receive newspaper deals in the mail regarding this place and decided to give it a go.I was very surprised at how clean and organized this place was. I was seriously expecting something that was a layout of a Big Lots or 99 cent store, but was pleasantly surprised how their aisles are neatly organized. I cannot stress enough how clean this place is! There's some very awesome deals you can find in the weekly papers, I've saved a couple of dollars by buying my produce here, and you get more bang for your buck on the fruit here than anywhere I've been. For the best deals its preferred you come on the day of the deals starting, because after that they're going to be completely gone!
5	Marketon is awesome! Being from San Diego, I have high expectations of my mexican markets, and this has everything you would ever need. They have an amazing bakery with all the mexican pastries you could ever want. They have a great hot-food and meat department as well. Everyone I have spoken to at this market DOES speak English, contrary to popular belief. They ALWAYS have amazing produce sales, I have bought a cart-full of oranges, apples, cantaloupes, corn, avocados, cucumbers, etc. for under $20 dollars. They also have great meat sales every Friday. If you are looking for REAL tortillas this is definitely the place to get them. They also have a full line of mexican candy, mexican medicinal stuff, and gadgets such as tortilla holders, tortilla pressers, real mortars/pestles, etc. They also carry many other Latin American brands. Love this place!
3	No matter what time of day I have been here, it seems like they always have just a single cashier working. The prices seem OK, and they have items you can't get at "traditional" grocery stores for some recipes. It's a good market to go in, just don't be in a hurry!
2	I went into this store because I wanted to make some great homemade carne. My husband and I were not treated very well at all, the prices were great though, and they have a wide variety, that is why I gave it a two star. I just did not appriceiate how we were treated by the employees that were working here. I will not go back I will be going down the street to Marianas from now on.
4	Marketon is my favorite place to buy inexpensive produce,  pastries (especially Conchas and Pan de Muertos) and occasionally canned fruit that I can't find anywhere else but that looks enticing.Every week I check the ad for their Wednesday and Thursday specials which have fruit, veggies and sometimes bulk beans. They also have Friday and Saturday specials, but those tend to be meat heavy and I don't eat meat. The price for sale produce is lower than most other stores.The parking lot is spacious, and the store itself is clean and well lit. I appreciate the wide aisles and never have a problem navigating my cart of goodies. The cashiers are very friendly and tolerate my noob Spanish language skills. I also like the free Spanish publications near the entrance, as they are good reading material to improve said noob level Spanish.
4	A typical Mexican/Hispanic market, you will find fresh produce and meats, great marinades and exotic/imported spices in this place. I came here for a pork roast and found not only a nice pork shoulder, but also great customer service. The guys behind the meat counter were welcoming of my questions and requests to cut  the extra fat off the shoulder and did it in no time. A few of the things you can find at this place are:* Malta (Venezuelan drink)* Frozen fruit pulp* Marinated meats (fajita, grilling, etc)* Harina Pan (Venezuelan/Colombian cornmeal)* Lots of Goya productsDefinitely drop by and check this place out!
2	This place just keeps getting worst and worst to me. Not so much the service, but the customers. In the Summer it was great, but now every single time i go in there, it's like the customers don't know how to add as they shop. Every time, i have to wait 10mins for the cashier to ring up 80 things, and another 10 for her to take off 60items, because the customer only has $20. I'm so over having to deal with people that can't count.
4	Shhhh....Our secret!!  :-)As good or better then Mariana's, without the horde of people.Love this market
2	I went to this location today to try and use the western union there. Never had to before, but, my family is in Jamaica and that was the only way to do that at this time as a favour. Its funny to me because I also shop here from time to time and have never noticed it. I had such a horrible experience, first of all, the girl told me she could not give me the funds, because the person who sent it would have to put my name on it the way my ID lists it, which would make sense if my last name was completely different. But having my middle name on my ID proved to be too much of a challenge. So instead of Sasha Gordon, my ID has Sasha Leigh Gordon, I had all the information, the senders name, the access code, and had it not been for my fam bam asking me to buy something before I leave on my trip WEDNESDAY I could have been fine. I asked for the manager, to which the attendant yelled to the manager to come talk to this girl.I am not a girl. I am a woman and respect me as such.The manager comes over and points out that I work at a bank and I should understand, to which I said no... because if someone were to come in and cash a check... and it is made out to the first and last name, and the ID has a middle name, I do not require that middle name to be there, he then directed me to one across the street and insisted I go there. Now tell me, when I asked him why and wouldn't it be same, what do you think think his response was? He said they would say they same thing. Then why recommend that? hmm... I don't know. Lets skip on over and see. I went.I got my money.I don't work hard to be treated like a criminal. Perhaps they don't care, but that was unjust. Take care, I pray no one treats you like that.P.S. When I asked the girl at the other location why they would respond like that, she couldn't answer and recommend I call Western Union, but I think its more directed to the manager and the fine young lady that got fed up with my situation before they listened.HAPPY MONDAY!!!Oh the market... its cool, like I said I shop there sometimes, but that was the staff... NOT going to deal with that again.
4	This is the best place to shop-especially if you're trying to save money on produce and meat products. The other items in the store can be pretty high-especially when you can go up the street and save 30%  There is no shortage of spices,hot foods,yucca chips,and all sorts of exotic Latin candy.And let's not forget the Jesus candles or you could always shell out the big bucks in the jewelry department for a Virgin og Guadalupe statue.
