3	We've been switched to this Pizza hut, and for the first few times that we ate here it was really good, always hot never had a problem.  And I've guess pizza hut has went back into their old behavior.  We ordered food today at 7:15 tonight and oddly it said that it wouldn't be to my house until 8:15 to me that's strange a whole hour when it's normally 20-30 minutes but I figure they were busy let it slide.  Well my food didn't get here until 8:40 tonight, right before it got here I called to complain and spoke with the really unpleasant manager and she blamed it on the delivery guy, when he got here he blamed it on her.  What the heck is going on here?  Now me and my family have to wait for another 30 minutes or so to get food that should have been here.  We always had issues with the one on Independence and I was glad to know that they would be closing down because it was the most awfuless pizza hut in the land so I thought well until tonight.Well we got our redo not too long ago, and well I didn't get everything I returned and it wasn't that good when I got it.  I complained to the manager at least 3 times tonight, when I called back she kept me on hold forever.  I didn't think she was going to ever return to the phone finally she did, and guess what instead of giving me my money back which she should have did.  I get to eat at this pizza hut again because now I have a credit yee haw.
3	Tried the new 9 big sliders for $10 deal tonight and while the concept is cool- pizza is already cut into round pieces for you they just don't taste as good as the regular pizza. The crust is better, but the cheese (the BEST part of Pizza Hut pizza) was not even close! Still a fan, I'll just stick to the regular pizza! We had this delivered.
3	Its is your typical Pizza Hut pizza. This location is a carry out/delivery only. The carry out deals are great, amd since this is close to home, we take advantage of those. I found that the delivery drivers havr no personality; they have forgotten to deliver things I've ordered like soda or my side of bread sticks, amd I never get my ranch or blue cheese when they deliver wings. Overall..wings are good, pizza is typical,  and they have good deals.
1	This place is horrible!I had placed an order one day and they had messed it up the pizza was soggy and just disgusting to eat. So I called the store was put on hold for a while and never got ahold of anyone so I emailed the survey in and a few days later the management team called me from the store and tried to claim that it was MY fault for the order being messed up and I should of paid more attention to it and this and that. But after a while of going back and forth they credit me a Large one topping pizza. Fast forward....My wife and I were lazy and figured we'd use the deal, so I called in placed the order and we waited. After about an hour our pizza guy got here and he hands me the pizza. On top of the box was the receipt and he snatches it off the top and crumbles it up (at this point he still hasn't said one thing to me) he then turns around throws the receipt on the floor in yard and storms the hell off. I mean what the hell. Not sure what his attitude and deal was maybe he hates his job? I don't know. The pizza sucked anyways waste of time. And the management is horrible at this place. I'll stick to dominos.
