4	How has no one else reviewed this place? Wow.Well I have only been once or twice so I am not the dazzo's expert, but I remember it being pretty awesome. Kosher dogs and hamburgers. Fries. Chili. All the goodies on top you can imagine. Seriously amazingly tasty. Located in the ghetto, really tiny parking lot, but worth it. Someone else who is more knowledgable should come review Dazzo's!
5	People:This is a hamburger, hotdog, sausage and beef sammich place.  This is not a steak house.  Please act accourdingly.   Also, they ONLY ACCEPT CASH.  Please note this so you don't kink my drive thru expereice (again)The food here is very good, though I've only ever had the beef sammy and the sausage sammich.  Try the combo, you get beef and sausage together!  TWO DIFFERENT MEATS, ONE SAMMY. So delish. The owners/employees don't even ask me what I want when I go , they just have my sammy ready at the window; I pay (cash of course) , bid them a "good day " , drive to an undisclosed location so I can unhinge my jaw and then proceed to hoark down that wonderful mound of thinly sliced beef stuffed between two fresh slabs of  meat-juice soaked italian bread .  I think I have wood.
4	I have been going to Dazzo's a few times a year for the past several years now, and I have loved almost everything! My experience is limited to just a few item menus, but I have confidence that everything else is equally delicious.- The regular hot dogs and brautwurst are sooooo good! They come with a generous helping of yum fries. My only complaint here is that the fries are really greasy and, in my opinion, should be served in a separate bag then the main food item. Oftentimes, they throw the fries in over the main item, making the whole eating experience a slightly messy affair. Better to take this food home before eating!- My absolute favorite menu item at Dazzo's is the chocolate Italian ice. It really is an amazing treat. I tried the banana ice once but was NOT a fan. The strawberry ice is also decent, but nothing beats the chocolate. The only problem is that they run out of the chocolate ice frequently. I guess that's a testament to how often it is ordered. ;)- The staff is very friendly! It is family owned and operated, so the atmosphere is comfortable.- The drive-thru is awkward. Once you get your food, the drive-thru leads straight onto the street, so you'll likely be holding up the line if you need to make a left turn. Has only been a waiting issue once or twice though.This is a great place, and I'm hoping it weathers the current economic nonsense to provide great food for years to come.
5	The absolute best Chicago italian beef sandwich outside of Chicago bar none - i have been all over the valley trying to find anything that comes close to the real thing and Dazzo's is the only place that gets it right!
4	I went here tonight for dinner with the boy. We both got the quarter pound cheeseburger with a small fry. For dessert, he had a strawberry italian ice and I had the lemon.The fries were delicious, the burger was very tasty, and the italian ice was SO freakin' yummy. I'm glad I made the drive over and I'm sure I'll be going again.It's really really important to note that they are a CASH ONLY joint - no credit or debit cards, people!
3	Found myself without lunch one day a couple of weeks ago and decided to send my help out to this place.  I had the Italian beef sandwich and fries.  Total came to $7.51 with tax.  Other than telling you the sandwich was decent but not great and the fries were crisp on the outside and soft in the middle there is not much more I know.
3	The search for a great chili dog in Phoenix sadly continues. I had such high hopes for Dazzo's. They have a drive thru too. I was advised they make a really good dog. I went yesterday thinking this would be perfect not to far from the house. Cash in hand I head out since they only take cash. I ordered a chili dog with mustard and onions $3.49 WTF? and a large fry $1.85. I thought if it's a great dog then the price is justified. The dog was good not great but good. It would have been better had it been hot the dog was ice cold, the bun was warmer. The Chili was tasty but luke warm. The fries were smoking hot, and tons of them. They wrapped them with the dog and put them in a bag then piled them in the bag the dog and fries were already in. I liked the fries, some should have cooked a little longer but they were good. Sorry forgot to take a pic of this messy goodness. The dog is all beef served in a poppy seed bun which is very soft and fresh. The chili is unlike what I am used to. Back home when it's on a dog it has no beans. I know other parts of the country use a chili sauce with beans to each his own. I prefer without beans but these tasted good. So whatever, just thought you should know what you are getting yourself into at Dazzo's. The fries are larger than McDonald's and they have the skin on, I quite like that. The dog was very messy had to use a knife and fork. All and all I gave them an A-ok, the taste was there the temperature was not. I think they have the prices wrong. 1.85 should have been the dog and 3.49 for all those fries. It evened itself out in the end. Also I think the fries would be good with vinegar.To Megan - Clearly you have never been to the Ghetto, please remain seated in your ivory tower and enjoy the view. While Dazzo is not in the trendy area of Glendale it is not the ghetto either. Thanks!
5	tastey italian beef combo has replaced firedogs when i go, but never disappointed with any feasting i have done here. worth the trip, not open on sunday.
5	Dazzo's is not located in the ghetto !  Its located at 63rd Ave & Glendale right across the street from Glendale High School you know the school that has been there for nearly a 100 years ?Dazzo's alone has been there nearly if not more than 30 years so folks that should give you an idea of the area where this place is located.  Its an older part of Glendale and nothing less and its completely safe.Nonetheless, this place has the best food in town when it comes to hot dogs, hamburgers and anything else you crave Chicago style.  My favorite meal is the polish sausage with cheese, ketchup and onion served with fries for less than four bucks !  Over the years I have tried their hot dogs, chili dogs, burritos, hamburgers except for the Italian Sausage / Beef but I will eventually do so one day.The Italian Ice is the best and the soda's are always fresh.  You get one refill of your soda for like 50 cents.  Only cash is accepted.  Its a very small successful family restaurant so you can see why they would only accept cash.  They clearly post outside before you enter that they only accept cash as well.If your in the area for business, work, family, friends or driving through the part of Glendale for a ballgame Dazzo's is a must.They are open Mon-Sat 1030AM to 8PM and closed on Sunday.
4	By no means am I a hot dog person, or at the very least I am extremely picky when it comes to them.  Dazzo's is easily one of the few places I can think of where I am actually excited to get a hot dog.  I don't believe I have had a bad regular hot dog there, I get them everything (mustard, onions, relish, and sport peppers).  The fire dogs are hit and miss at times, and the fries and tamales can be as well.  The Italian beef is also quite enjoyable and one of the other items I enjoy on a regular basis.  I must have gotten one of the older employees the last few times I went, as I had not experienced the poor food quality discussed by some of the other users.The location itself is in an old area and the place itself is very old, but it is not really that sketchy in my book.  There are far worse places I can think of going in the Phoenix area.
5	I totally agree with what Ryan C. said. I am not a huge hot dog person either, and Dazzo's is one of the only places I get excited about getting a hot dog from. I can't speak for any of their other menu items, as every time I go there I just have to have the regular hot dog with everything. I got introduced to them from my husband, who has been going there since he was a kid. The last time I went (yesterday) there was a young man working at the counter. He was friendly and professional. There were seven of us and our entire order was hot and fresh, and correct. The fries were so good! One of us got a hamburger (the rest of us hot dogs) and he said that was excellent too.I don't get out to the Old Glendale area often, but when I do I always want to go to Dazzo's!
4	Ok, so there is no place in the valley I would go for a hot dog OTHER than Dazzo's.  They've been making the best dogs in town for decades.  That said, their pricing is a bit higher than it should be, they STILL won't take credit/debit cards (by far my biggest complaint), and the best way to enjoy the food is through the drive through, because your car will be more comfortable than the sitting areas they provide.Nevertheless, I give them 4 starts because the food is about as good as a dog can get!
4	One of the only true comfort foods for me is a Brat covered in sauerkraut and mustard.  And Dazzo's Dog House has the best simple one that I've had in town.  If a place screws up the 4 ingredients of this simple dish they have problems, but Dazzo's does not.  Now the thing that puts Dazzo's above all else is their fries.  But there is a secret to ordering your Dazzo dog and fries...you MUST order it To Go.  I've tested this theory, and my several test have concluded that the fries MUST be wrapped up with the dog, and then they MUST sit in the bag for a MINIMUM of 5 mins.  I personally prefer a resting period of 10-15, but find your own sweet spot.  Somehow when the dog and the fries meld their juices and smells together for those few minutes they rocket from being a dog house sitting in Glendale, to a place that I hop onto Grand Ave and drive all the way to from Downtown Phoenix.  Seriously, follow my directions for eating at Dazzo's and you too will experience bliss.
4	Hot dogs just invite phallic jokes, don't they? This is just one of many reasons I love their 100% beef goodness. I'm not really into a ton of toppings on my hot dogs (I mean, just give me the wiener without all the bells and whistles), and they still serve the best hot dog with ketchup only in the Valley. Since the fries only compliment the dog, I'm not going to go too hard on them. They really aren't the main event, and they are still decent. Make sure you bring cash or Dazzo's will refuse you the frank.
3	Stopped by Dazzo's today for a quick bite on my way through Glendale.  I didn't have time to stop in so I did drive thru.  Dazzo's is a little greasy spoons that serves some great hot dogs, burgers and sandwiches.  They are locally owned and have been around a while, with plenty of local fans.On my first trip to Dazzo's I got their Brat with sauerkraut and mustard with a side of fries.  The Brat was good and so were the fries, so I was looking forward to today's drive through experience especially after reading Andrew G's review.Today I got their Big Dog with fries and a drink.  The service was not the same on this trip as what I experienced before.  The guy that took my order seemed OK and was very quick.  In fact I think he was a little too quick.  My Big Dog and fires were wrapped up in a very small brown bag.  I took Andrew's advise and "let it rest" for about ten min while I drove to my destination.  While unwrapping my hot dog and fry package I noticed everything was all smooshed together.  This made for a great smell-o-roma, but it was not very pleasing to eat.  Nothing worse than a smooshed hot dog bun with all the delicious toppings falling off the dog.  My recommendation when visiting Dazzo's ~ don't be rushed, stop by and enjoy a tasty hot dog at their place and don't go through the drive thru.  No one should have ever to eat a smooshed hot dog!
2	I would love to say I have had the pleasure of trying this local hot dog restaurant, but unfortunately they have no veggie dogs. The gentleman who took my phone call offered to put all their veggie toppings on a bun for me. While I appreciate the offer it was not what I was in search of. I hope you get some Veg friendly options soon, Dazzo's!
3	If you want a dog and are in the area, this is a pretty good call. Having said that, it is probably not worth a special trip. You can find a better hot dog or brat at a ballpark or in the supermarket.
4	Cash only place.  Lucky for us, we had cash!  My 2 little girls were in the mood for hot dogs, so we checked it out.  My 3 year old got a hot dog, and my 6 year old got the jumbo dog.  She seemed pleased with herself that she was getting the jumbo dog.  I decided to go with the Italian beef with spicy peppers.Each item was to come with fries, but there was no differentiating between the fries servings, it was like they did 3 scoops of fries on top of the dogs and sandwich.  The Italian beef leaked all over the bag and almost broke the bag.  I asked for 2 smaller bags and divided the food between the 3 of us.  I burned my hands on the fries, they were that fresh.  There was about a handful of fries (big handful) for each sandwich.  They were salty, and very tasty, I wish there were more.My kids loved the hot dogs.  My 6 year old was bummed the jumbo wasn't bigger.  The Italian beef was flavorful and tasty.  The man working the window gave my girls lollipops.  It was a little spendy when compared to Weinerschnitzel and Costco, but I like going to mom and pop places more than chains.
5	Love this place. Been going there since i was a kids and food is still good. Its family owned so none of that big business bs. Drive thur is quick and always got the order right. I hate it when ou go and they forget the ketchup ot napkins. It is only cash only but its cheap so its not gonna cost an arm and a leg.I always get chubby chilli dod with chesse and it comes with fries.italian ice hits the spot on any az day
4	Some of the best dogs around.  Been eating them since 1980 when I went to Glendale High. Tonight I was disturbed to see on the news that a car had run through the side of the building.  Hope everyone is OK, and it doesn't hinder buisness too much because Glendale wouldn't be Glendale without Dazzo's
3	Hit the drive thru on Thursday with the daughter on our way to run some errands, since the dining area was closed do to the car driving thru the building. As we are from Chicago, I have to say that the dog was almost perfect. The bun was steamed the right way and the dog was cooked perfectly, the only problem is the relish that is used here. It is just too sweet and it throws off the taste of the sandwich. But as far as the south side version of a Chicago Dog goes, it is pretty good. Next time I go there, I will have to try the beef.
5	Perhaps the best hot dog place in the west valley!!  Fast, fresh and taqsty!1 Everything the hot dogger in you wouls love.  Hop right on over right now and try one.  It's great!!  From the outside it looks a little run down and cheap, but on the inside all you find is friendly people and a great hot dog or sausage.  All the toppings you want are also available.    Great p[lace for a quick lunch or evening snack!!
4	Italian Beef was good as were the fries. The highlight was the homemade Italian Ices. Good place for lunch and prices were not bad. Will be back for sure.
4	Dropped by Dazzo's before a hockey game the other night.  I heard good things and had read about that car that crashed into the wall forcing the dining area to close for some time.  After a long wait I was finally here and I was not disappointed.Initially, I had gone in for a hot dog but ended up ordering the Italian Beef sandwich.  I spent 10 years in Chicagoland and the Italian beef sandwich has been one of the things I miss most aside from friends.  The owners son, working the counter, told me flat out they had a great beef sandwich.  That was enough for me.  As my order was in the works I chatted with the owners son and another guy working.  We talked hockey, hot dogs and about the car wreck that destroyed the wall.  Great, friendly people.When my food was ready I sat down and dug in.  The beef sandwich was great an on par with those I had in Chicago.  It was made just right, the juice was tasty and the beef and bread were great.  The hot peppers made a great touch (you can also go for sweet peppers or none at all).  Dazzo's makes good fries too.Dazzo's is a fantastic mom and pop restaurant.  The food is great and the workers are friendly.  You can't go wrong.  Dazzo's is a must.  Put Dazzo's on your "to do" list if you have not been here before.  I will back.  No doubt.
3	My biggest turn-off was the CASH ONLY posted everywhere. I mean come on, everyone else started to accept debit/credit cards in the 1990's, even McDonalds joined in years ago. Get with the program. I hardly carry cash, as debit/credit cards are much easier to track my spending.The food was OK, I had the Fire Dog with Chilli. The Fire Dog is a "spicy" dog, which is deep fried.  The serving of chilli was skimpy and appeared to lack meat. The sodas are fairly priced compared to other places, and the place was very clean inside.
5	The Dazzo's people are originally for Chicago, Ill, and have been in Glendale many years, located on the S.E. Corner of 62nd Ave. and Glendale Ave. This is our at least, once a week stop.  They serve a variety of items,  Hot Dogs, Chubby Dogs, Fire Dogs, Italian Beef and sausage sandwiches, Sm and Lg French Fries with the skins on them, and a variety of drinks and other items I've forgot. It's a Cash Only business with NO RESTROOMS, so do your thing before going.  I haven't tried the Hot Dogs or Polish dogs and other sandwiches, I can't get by the Italian Beef with Sweet Peppers sandwiches, fries and Pepsi.  Dazzo's is a small "hole in the wall" business, the best kind, but they do have a drive Thur, and best of all, their prices are reasonable and the workers are friendly and common. There is also a lot of Chicago Sports items on display, a donated Guitar from Alice Cooper hangs on the wall, and just a Kool place to hang out and eat.  Give them a try, Nothing Fancy, just good food.
3	We didn't go in for our food instead we went through the drive through. We ordered some hot dogs and chili fries and oh man were we stuffed. The food was great. We'll have to go again to give it another star.
4	This place is great, I always get the jumbo dog and I love how they come with fries. Oh did I mention the fries are awesome here. Make sure you order the dog with everything plus peppers. Also cash only.
3	Awesome if you're not into eating healthy. Split a cheeseburger and chili dog with a friend. Portions weren't outrageous, price was great but fries were soggy.
4	I've been going here for years and always pleased with everything.  The fact that this place has been in business for as many years as it has speaks volumes that they are doing it right.
5	If there were more stars to give, this place would get them!! I've been going here since I was a little kid, not too long after we moved here from IL. The fries are amazing, the hot dogs are amazing, the italian beef is amazing.. Honestly I haven't had anything here  that I haven't liked. It's way better than Luke's and I even drive all the way to Dazzo's even though I live only a mile or so from Luke's.
3	Just okay. I think there are better spots in Phoenix to get a Chicago style hot dog.
5	Chicago themed place, Bears, Cubs, etc... Their dogs and Italian beef are are very good. The fries are especially great. Especially when you get a chubby chilli dog to go and they wrap everything together. When you get home you have chilli fries..... :D. The Lemon Italian Ice is the way to go in the summer, cold, crisp, and refreshing with pieces of lemon.
3	I had high expectation from this place based off of all the positive review on here. The fries were good, I like how they left the skin on like at in-n-out. The dogs were nothing special, couldn't really tell the difference between a dog here and a custom made one from QT down the street. I may come back a time or two to try the other stuff. I'm not giving up on this place, not just yet!
5	Always hits the spot!  Their french fries and Italian ice.. yum!
3	I feel like I complain a lot about the foods that I don't like... but I'm doing it again. I don't like hot dogs. My sister, though, convinced me one day to be adventurous and get a hot dog from Dazzo's. I will admit, it wasn't bad. If I had an idea of a great hotdog, that would be it, but as I said before, I'm not a hotdog fan. The fries were fantastic, but greasy, which is fine because I'm already blowing a weeks worth of calories by thinking about eating here.
5	Hands down, one of the best places for Italian Beef. I love Luke's and they have always been my favorite place for Italian Beef. They have competition with Dazzo's! Awesome fries too!
2	Bring cash and don't expect a bathroom or a place to wash your hands. I work in some dirty environments and needed to #1 when I showed here for lunch, was surprised to find NONE of the above mentioned, apparently luxuries, when I ordered lunch. Decent food but no where to wash your hands or pee if ya gotta go. Where does the staff go, and wash their hands? No clue!!!
3	Place was crowded at first.  Near a high school I hear, so must get a lot of school lunch crowd.  We ordered a little after 1pm and service was fast.  Parking is very limited.  No Alcohol or restrooms.  Place was a little warm (was 107 outside). No free refills on drinks and no restrooms.  Brother ordered a "Chubby Dog" which was not that chubby, but tasted good.  Fries were good.  I ordered Italian beef.  Seemed a little overpriced at $5.50.  Was more like a $3.50 - $4.00 sandwich.  But, it did taste good.  All things considered, I rate it a little above average for your fast food places.  Menu did seem to have good burger prices, but I went there for the Italian beef so didn't try one of their burgers.  One of the customers there told me to try Portillo/s, off Shea near 90th street.  She said it was the best Chicago in the valley.  Will give it a try some time soon.Overall... If you are in the neighborhood, you might enjoy.  Just bring only cash and hit a restroom before you get here.
4	Have eaten here several times over the years. It is a place I will eat at if I am in the mood for a hotdog and in the area. I would not drive across town. Decorated with sports memorabilia. Mostly the Bears. Maybe only the Bears. They serve a hot dog much like everyone else. Come on. If you use the same hotdog to start with how much different will it taste over everyone else's. Well it does. What i like best is when you bite into their hotdog there is a little snap as your teeth cut through the dog. As long as they are around I will continue to eat there when I am close. The service is always good and friendly.
1	Hot dogs are overcooked all the flavors been boiled out the people are rude the cooks wear shorts with hairy legs and hairy arms it's disgusting and it work environment with food.
3	Moved to Phoenix a few months ago and finally tried this place. Hot dog was ok but I want to go back and try some other items. The French fries however were absolutely awesome! The place is small and cash only so be prepared and schedule so you can find a seat or be prepared to get it to go. No public bathrooms so go before you go. Lots of old school sports memorabilia, mainly Chicago related but it's still cool.
4	These hot dogs were gooood and I don't particularly care for hot dogs.  I had a chubby: mustard, grilled onions, peppers and fries. Damn it was good. I couldn't finish it though.  We split some onion rings and they were too greasy.  The dipping sauce for the onion rings was rare like all-the-condiments-in-the-fridge-mixed-together kind of rare. Don't get a chubby in the car.  Don't take your chubby home. Get a chubby there and eat it there.
5	I tried 3 different dogs and fire dog was my favorite. Love the fresh cut fries. Pineapple shaved ice was also very delicious.
4	Used to drive from Scottsdale for their dog and fries... Now I live in Surprise...Dogs remind me of Gene n Jude's in Chi-Town...they use 10/1 pencils dogs unless you get a chubby( o.k. that was pretty funny). All Chicagoans know that fries make the hot dog joint and Dazzo's have the best fries in PHX. ONLY COMPLAINT - The Old Man IS STILL LIVING IN THE 50's AND THIS IS A CASH ONLY PLACE! WAKE UP YOU'RE LOSING SALES.   I would eat their more often if you got off that high horse cash only antiquated b.s.
3	Some good Chicago eats on the west side of Phoenix.  Loved the pizza puff and the hot dog and Italian beef were decent. Fries were ok.  Love the logos painted outside in the parking lot-they even have the Chicago rush represented-nice!
4	One of the great things about living in the southwest, is how all the food traditions have followed us here. Want a Philly Cheesesteak? Forgetaboutit!  New Yawk deli? We've got dat too!  A Chicago dog? Abs-so-freakin-lootely! LOL  How about that Aaron Rogers and George Wendt commercial?  Grill Class, I love it!  It seems Chicago style, Vienna Beef places are all over greater Phoenix. What you don't see too often, are these family owned places. In Chicago you have Mom and Pop places all over. Each one trying to create their own piece of heaven for their loyal customers. Well I believe Dazzo's is one of those places too. You come in, you are greeted by one of the Dazzo family members. Warmly! None of that phony baloney stuff. Just, "thanks for coming in!  First time here?  Where are you from?"  They also have family pictures all over the wall, going back to when they first opened. Nice! And if UR interested, they also have a nice collection Chicago team Sun Times clippings, mostly of the Bulls and Cubs stuff. Okay, this is all great Georgie, but what makes it so special?  Well, the food!  Grilled Jumbo Dogs, Red Hots, Fire Dogs, Brats, Italian Beef -- they have them all and they're cooked fresh, just for you. Delicious!Another plus are their French fries. They're exquisite and topped with a nice mixture of seasoning salt. I'm not a big fries guy, but I might come back for some more of them. But when I do come back, I'll bring more Cash because they don't accept Plastic. Enjoy!
5	Best and most authentic Chicago Italian Beef on a Vienna roll with gravy in all of the Phoenix area!I did a Yelp search, read the reviews and drove to the restaurant.  They have been in Glendale for 30 years.
5	best hotdog place ever i reviewed a few and this is by far the best
4	DISCLAIMER** I am not a big fan of hot dogs but I had a craving while out with a friend and I inhaled my meal.  Had we not gone through the drive through I could have gone back for seconds.  I ordered a Chicago dog and for about five minutes was in hot dog heaven.  The downside of Dazzo's is that they are cash only but if you are in the mood to nom nom nom down on some delicious cylindrical meats, consider making the trip to Dazzo's.
3	This place is a definite "A-OK" for hot dogs and fries. Friendly people at the counter, and the '50s Chicago theme is a nice nostalgic touch.  I'd come here again for getting my hot dog fix if I find myself in the Glendale area, but it doesn't have enough draw to make me drive there from my area in central Phoenix..
4	Short StorySmall, not fancy, cash only, no restroom or hand cleaning station. Chicago Style Dogs and Food.  Tasty Italian Beef Sandwiches and hand cut Fries. Low Prices BIG Portions. FAST!Longer StoryDazzo's Dog House appears to be a much loved place of Glendale for Chicago Style Vienna Beef Dogs and other foods. They've been around for decades and I witnessed customers sharing stories about Dazzo's here. The Tiny casual restaurant also is decorated with an assortment of memorabilia and fun antiques including an autographed Alice Cooper Guitar. We placed our order and sat ourselves near the flashing traffic light. Within a minute or two our order was called. I tried the Italian Beef with Giardiniera. The beef was very tender and very developed with flavor. The bread was a sponge that was soaked with all that beefy goodness and the spicy vegetable topping just made the sandwich pop in my mouth in all the right places. The sandwich is very large and comes with a foil liner so you can bring some home for a snack later if you want.My husband ordered far more food than he could eat but wanted to try The Fire Dog and the combo sandwich. He liked the dog and the combo sandwich but the dog and sausage come deep-fried slightly more well done than he likes so he would stick with Italian Beef next time. Fries come with all the hotdogs and they are made fresh hand cut in house. The fries were tasty and good.They make Home Made Italian Water ice! I don't know of anyplace else on the westside offers that! The Water Ice is a Creamy kind of style I'm not familiar with perhaps it's a Chicago Style? Honestly I didn't care for the water ice but that's just me and I'm not holding that against them.Currently a grade "A" Maricopa Sign is posted by ordering station.3.5 Stars
5	As close as your gonna get to home!!! Old school feel also!!
5	Been going here for around 20 years they have the best Chicago dogs and fries ever and italian ices and the staff is always kind.
5	I love this restaurant.  I have been going for 25 years. Local and family owned. Everyone knows who I am just by my order. Yes they only take cash but it is worth stopping to get cash out. These are the best hot dogs I have ever had, surpasses every place in Phoenix.  The beef sandwich is amazing too, get is super soaked.
2	Happened to be driving by & this caught my attention. My chili cheese dog craving was needing to be filled.  We each ordered their beef chili cheese dog which came with fries & also an order of onion rings. Hot dog was barely warm, chili was very flavorful but I just really don't enjoy almost cold hot dogs.  I used the leftover chili/cheese to dip my fries in which was pretty good! Not planning on rushing back here, we just weren't "wowed"
