5	After moving from Chicago last summer (in the middle the dust storms) and living in a house that faces east and west, it was critical that I find a good window cleaner.  I contracted 1st Glass to clean twice a month.  Since August I have been able to count on Justin to make sure all my windows (and there are lots of them) are clean and streak free.  If you need a window cleaner, this is the company you should try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Justin was just out today to clean my home windows and screens.  Wow, what a difference!   Justin is prompt, efficient and true to his word on how amazed i would be on the "like new" appearance my sun screens would look!  I would not hesitate to call upon him again or recommend his service.  Thanks Justin!
5	Justin with 1st Glass Window Cleaners, LLC cleaned our office windows for our ribbon cutting and they were beautiful.  You don't realize how filthy your windows are until they are cleaned.  Justin was very professional, thorough and polite, I would recommend him to ANYONE!
5	Justin has cleaned the windows at our office several times.  He shows up on time, is friendly, very fair with his prices, and every time the windows look perfect..  I wouldn't hesitate to have 1st Glass Windows Cleaners clean our windows again.
5	Justin with 1st Glass Window Cleaners, LLC is extremely knowledgeable, affordable and he cares about Quality Workmanship. I would strongly suggest encourage using 1st Glass Window Cleaners, LLC for any of your Residential and/or Commercial Window Cleaning needs, WHY? Because Justin is the very best at what he does in the Valley, Hands Down!! Kudos to Justin with 1st Glass Window Cleaners, LLC!!!! - Anthony Johnson, Owner Mava Consulting
5	1st Glass Window Cleaners were great. Justin and his wife showed up on time, were very reasonably priced, did a great job on my windows and even cleaned my mirrors as a bonus. They were both so nice so I will definitely use this company again. I would recommend this company to anyone needing their windows cleaned.
5	I called Justin late on a Tuesday evening to see if he had availability to come to my recently built home and clean the windows before I had shutters installed on Friday.  Justin answered his phone, a rarity these days, and we scheduled time for him on Thursday.  He and his wife, Deana, showed up right on time, and did a great job!  They even took their shoes off while in my house, which I appreciated.  His price was very fair and he even offered me a law inforcement discount without me asking and thanked my boyfriend for his service to the community.  I would definitely recommend Justin and 1st Glass Window Cleaners and I intend to have them back to my home again next time my windows need a touch up!
