5	We don't have Panera in Phoenix, so getting to eat at one is a treat.  I had a huge salad of walnuts, strawberries, blueberries and other fruits on a bed of romaine and it was fabulous!  It came with a big hunk of fresh bread too.Simple and good.  I wish I could eat there more often.
4	I love their cinnamon crunch bagel and soon to try the chicken salad sandwich. so fresh and inexpensive.
4	I like this place.  They have a great selection of healthyish foods for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Their selection includes pastries, sandwiches, soups, salads, wraps and beverages like coffees and teas.  The staff was all very friendly.  I ordered a chicken soup and salad combo and when the server found me he told me he thought my soup might have gotten cold, so he brought me a new one.  I thought that was very kind.   It's a large cafe with comfy sofas and chairs to lounge in.  They also have internet access if you want to bring you laptop in.  It's bright, clean and airy.  The bread is yummy.
3	The goods them self are great, but the customer service isn't.  The employees where flirting and playing grab ass while there was a line almost out the door  My mil ordered 2 bagel packs and when I went to pick them up, they didn't have her order. Well the order was there, but under Rita not Laura.  I asked for them to double check that everything was there and they did, but when I got home my mil noticed that they didn't put the cream cheese in.  Back to Panera I went.  I just skipped the line and went to the girl that rang me up (She was making coffee at the time).  I think next time I'll have my mil tell me what she ordered so I can double check it myself.
4	If you love bagels, definitely hit up Panera.  My favorites are their cinnamon toast crunch and asiago cheese!  The cinnamon toast crunch is really popular, so come early or else they may be out of it.  So so so yummy!  Their sandwiches and soups are pretty good, too.  Another plus, is their free Wi-Fi.  It's a great place to study on a weekend!
4	The sandwiches are very tasty here or should I call it paninis. Either way the light crunchiness of the bread complements any and all of the meat and cheese combinations. The soups are not bad. The different types of bread can make one go crazy in choosing. Either way this place is great.
3	P-Bread as it's called in my inner circle is a nice little Panini/Sandwich restaurant/bakery around the Las Vegas are.Most locations offer fresh bread and pastries daily that tend to be excellent.  They usually offer WIFI and make a great place to grab a casual/business lunch.
3	Unlike the locations back in Texas, the Iced Green Tea at this location is served to you and you cannot get any refills, unless you want to pay full price for another glass of it. The food is typical Panera, but the lack of free refills on the Green Tea somewhat frustrated me. I have a love/hate relationship with Panera because some of their samdwiches are unique, but their overall prices are much higher than other delis and you end up leaving there with a bill similar to eating at a sit down casual restaurant.
4	free Internet! i love bread.. what can i say, they have good bread.
4	I usually the pick two meal deal. You can pick two choices between the cafe salads, soups and cafe sandwiches. The signature salads and signature sandwiches are about $.80 more than the cafe. I got the broccoli cheddar soup and the caesar salad. Their broccoli cheddar soup is sooo delicious! Not the thick goopy gunk I get from Einstein Bagels. It has carrots in it and is more of a soupy consistency. The caesar salad was okay. It was topped with Assiago cheese and their own homemade croutons. The boyfriend got the greek salad, topped with red onions, kalamata olives, peppercini pepper with greek dressing. I should have gotten that one too! He also got the turkey mesquite sandwich which I had gotten the last time we went there. This time around we got the mango smoothie and the frozen strawberry lemonade! I didn't care much for the mango smoothie. It tasted more like bananas to me than mango, but my boyfriend didn't think so. The frozen strawberry lemonade was nice and tangy and extremely refreshing on this hot and surprisingly humid day! They also have freshly baked bread and other treats like bear claws, muffins, cookies, etc. I have not tried any of their baked goods yet.
3	I have not been to Panera in about 2 years. The last time I was here I used the WiFi and got a virus on my laptop. Which was horrible & costly to fix. So I figure enough time has passed & I missed the good food so I stopped in with my step daughter and our kids. We both ordered a soup & sandwich combo. We both had creamy tomato soup which was so yummy. My daugter also enjoyed her veggie sandwich. I had the italian which was ok. The bread was the highlight not the meat. I also had a yummy latte. The boys split a grilled cheese..which looked kinda boring. But whatever..it was for the kids. Our bill was 25 bucks so not that bad since we all left full and happy. I will not wait another 2 years to visit again..but I will never use their WiFi again.
4	Its so cozy here, perfect place to stop and clear my head before a hard days work!  Usually they have someone walking around with souflee samples, i was out of luck today :( Panera bread is at the top of my list for interesting & hearty soups plus they have a mean sweet selection.  I am into the tasty coffee cake! I heart this place so much, i am able to give them a good review, eventhough my multi colered hair cashier was a complete NINCOMPOOP!
4	If I'm eating carbs , this is my mecca. OK yeah they do have a few healthy options here but like most "healthy" things they do taste terrible. I've tried to dine here while dieting and always end up cranky with how bland and boring my food is. That being said, when I'm throwing calories and caution to the wind - this is a great spot to get your food on. I have a special fondness for the egg souffles they serve at breakfast time. They are incredible and one of my favorite indulgences. The one closer to my house in the District always seems to either be out of these or I've even had times where they forgot to put them in to bake in the morning (WTF). This panera always seems to be well stocked. For dinner the salads are good, the new mac and cheese is BOMB, and I love most of the sandwiches. The bummer on the sandwiches is most of the healthly sounding ones (tomato basil panini, or sierra turkey) are absolutely terrible in the calorie/fat/carb department and honestly not worth it most of the time. The egg souffle on the other hand I will forsake any diet for any day ! I do love that they've put all their calorie counts up on the board for all to see - yay it's like NY or California ! I love the pick 2 combo (2 mini items is so much more fun than 1 big one, right?), and I love the variety. My only request for you Panera (because I'm sure you're reading this!) is why the hell can't you have lobster bisque?? You tease me with Panera branded lobster bisque sold at Target and then you won't carry it in your own store? As a devoted lover of lobster bisque this makes me sad.
3	This is my go-to spot for a nice simple, yet tasty lunch. The you-pick-two special is a favorite of mine. I usually pair the broccoli cheddar soup with the fuji apple chicken salad. But any combination of their soups, salads and sandwiches are sure to satisfy. The french baguettes are my choice of side and are very nice for sopping up left over soup at the bottom of the bowl. The atmosphere is nice. There is also free wifi, so you can hang around and get some work done.And I dare you to resist adding a delicious cookie/pastry to your meal. For only $0.99 more, you can give that baked good a new home. In your tummy.
4	Had a late lunch with my girls here a while back. It is a cute little place. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The food came out quickly. I was trying to be food cautious that day was thought they had a little brochure of the nutritional facts for their food. No... they had a HHUGE BINDER for the information and brought it to our table for me. How nice of them. And the bread was delicious! I had the half soup half salad with the specialty salad and it was a good size salad for only being "half". Too bad all the Panera Bread Cafes are so far from me over in the NW... bummer.
4	Pretty good stuff!I was more a fan of the soup than the sandwich, I got the "you-pick-two" and got the french onion soup and the steak and cheese panini. Steak and cheese was ehh-ok, lacking in thickness and really lacking in a steak-y flavor,  but the soup was delicious and the all the bread involved in my meal was awesome. Probably why they are a "Bread Cafe." The soup was one of the better french onions I have ever experienced, the croutons in the soup were soaking in the broth and the soup wasn't too salty, but had a great onion-y flavor and was a pretty good size. The service was really good and fast, and the place was clean, and the food was pretty solid. It's in a nice location, close to the intersection of St. Rose and Eastern, where they pretty much have everything you can imagine within a 3 mile radius. I've been a fan of Panera bread since the first time I ever went years ago, and this was a solid experience and not pricey at all. The sandwich lacked a little, but with the total amount of food it was great for the price.4 solid stars. I'll be back
4	Big fan of "The Bread" :-) This location is huge and very friendly. Highly recommend.
2	I'm not really a fan of Panera Bread.  Maybe I just expected to much - but for a company that tauts having freshly baked bread and the freshest ingredients, I would expect that they would make all of their sandwiches fresh as well.  I do not eat meat and upon reviewing the menu, I saw something that sounded appealing.  It had chicken in it, so I asked if they could simply not put chicken on my panini.  The cashier told me they couldn't do that, because the sandwich came to them preassembled.  I try not to be so picky, because I know that I choose to limit what I eat of my own violition.  I can't remember what I ended up ordering, but I wasn't satisfied with it or the service.
4	I sat here for a good four hours to get some writing done and I observed a consistently friendly and attentive wait staff.  This is why I enjoy working at Panera in whatever city I'm at!
5	I love panera.  The food is always fantastic!  I always find something new on the menu that is always delicious and full of flavor.  Their macaroni and cheese is to die for and there is nothing better than the bread bowl with tomato bisque.  The staff is always very friendly.  They always make sure to remind me to use my Panera card and I get a free pastry or soda more often than not.  A manager usually walks around making sure the guests are satisfied and are happy with their food- I love that... going the extra mile is never lost on me.
3	I had the salad they are featuring, turkey with cherries, feta, pears and pecans. It was good and fresh but a bit spendy for 8.00 or so alone. i got a drink and a cookie add on and it was almost 13.00 which is kind of a lot since I still felt hungry after.The food was fresh and the place was pretty tidy, ok, but not somewhere I go out of my way to get to.
4	Not many close by to the strip. This one is close to a huge shopping area. I ordered my caramel Latte and bear claw. My caramel latte was a lil strong than I usually get here in cali. My bear claw was Yummy as usual:-)The manager was excited and energetic. He made us feel welcomed and didnt even know that we are visitors from cali. Compared to Panera in rancho cucamonga, this place was quiet and no waiting lines;-) I will return when I come back in July 2012.
3	Food was real good, atmosphere sounded like open-mic night at every lame bar you've ever been to. Fun Fact: This is where the hipster dipshits from Starbucks go to die.
5	Even though Panera isn't a locally owned business, I feel i owe it to them to write a good review for using up their services. For the longest time this place has been my go-to spot to do some work. Free wifi! I come here to use their internet and have lunch, but even if I don't buy anything sometimes, they never find it necessary to boot me out or refuse service to me. I usually sit in a booth because of the big table space, and its good for some private seclusion from everything else that's going on in the cafe. It helps me focus more. The great pro about this place:They have an awesome you pick two deal which is an option to choose two of any three: cup of soup, 1/2 a cafe sandwich, or 1/2 a cafe salad for 6.99. They also have a member rewards card that's free for every time you come. Which has a whole bunch of benefits (I honestly haven't read the benefits yet because I just signed up).The service is great! NAKANA is such a sweet heart, and very friendly. I sometimes find all sorts of people studying here, conducting interviews, doing meetings, or just people socializing on their lunch break. So you get that great "work" environment with a casual ambiance to the place. All these pros just give me a reason to go back, and I partially thank them for helping me with my current success in life (passing my exams, and getting good grades in class)..So thanks Panera!
4	Went here with my dad and bro for lunch. It was relatively clean, friendly staff. Ordered the "you-pick-two." (Favorite option) They messed up my order (wrong soup) but decided to give it a try - brought broccoli cheddar instead of black bean. It was good!Would definitely visit again if in the area.
4	Since I was going to visit a client in the area this Panera cafe was a good choice for Bfast. The cafe has free Wi Fi, clean, comfy and I love the dark roast coffee here.My order the power bfast sandwich - smoked ham, egg, Vermont cheddar cheese on whole grain bread, OJ and coffee.Free refills on coffee and the Wi Fi will keep me returning here for sure!
4	Good for a cup of joe and a bagel. Always clean.Staff helpful and friendly. My favorite bagels (in no particular order) French Toast, Multigrain, asiago cheese and believe it or not Plain. I do my bagels au natural, not toasted or schmeared. For lunch you can't go wrong with the broccoli cheddar.
2	I was NOT too awe struck by my first visit to Panera. I have had much better cheddar Broccoli soup -it almost tasted a hint of being burnt. my sandwich wasn't anything that I couldn't have made for myself at home. In fact the panini was on the dark side. The side of bread that I got was also a bit dark on the bottom side. Perhaps 8:00 at night is not the best time to eat there. I did not feel as if anything tasted fresh or was filled with any awesome taste. I will not be going back. If you want bread to fill you up then I guess they might have something to offer when the bread or bagels are fresh. I was not all that impressed.
4	You pick 2 is the way to go. Good service, even when it is busy they are very attentive & friendly. Good place for a quick lunch. Love their chicken noodle soup.
4	The bread on my turkey sandwich was great . The menu is a bit overwhelming if its your first time i did not know what to order. I had the tortilla soup too. Service is quick and the sandwich is good its a little pricey for what you get about 9.50 for a half sandwich and soup and a drink.
4	Good selection and even during the crazy lunch rush they get you in and out...
5	The food is a given if you like sandwiches and you like salads and you wouldn't mind a great cookie...this is the place for you. It's consistent and all store fronts but, I have to point out that the character of a place starts and ends with the customer service and the Eastern location did that for me! Michael the Catering Manager asked me (3) times how my day was going...it's hard to get people I see on a daily basis to do that so (3) made me feel important. Then he offered me some water as I was waiting...I could have been fooled I thought I was in a fine dining establishment. I used their catering option and ordered (6) boxed lunches over the phone. They were no hassle... silverware was in their napkins were in there. Can't say enough...they made my afternoon a little easier with their extra attention. Thank you Panera
5	Maybe I'm overly excited because since we moved to AZ we've missed Panera.  The service is awesome and the food is fresh and tasty.  I've never passed an employee that didn't smile back.  I love this place, and this location in particular.
4	Great food, great people, clean facility. Small portions for a lot of money.
2	Yesterday had a terrible experience:(  While I appreciate that management apoligized and offered me other food only after I came to counter to say something even tho they saw me throw away sandwhich and sit down dejected, I was on a time crunch so had to leave hungry and unhappy!       So...to start...they recently changed their menu! The Turkey artichoke sandwgich does not even have artichokes in it. Totally different than it was a year ago. Its a cream cheese artichoke spread, which ended up making me sick. The turkey tasted like chicken and was cold and hard and tough. Nothing like the warm gooey sandwich it used to be.       Also...be aware.... the 6.99 any 2 price is only for like 5 sandwiches and a few salads. You have to add an additional dollar for anything else, and then 55 MORE cents to get half the menu. So- before drink, you have already spent almost 10 bucks...when the board says 6.99. Now, back to sandwich....once again, either the cream cheese or the turkey made me sick. About an hour later, still starving, I was out for the count for about 3 hours. Since the only thing I ate was 1/2 of a 1/2 of sandwich from here... the only thing that could have made me sick was the food. Just an FYI!
3	You know what you are getting when you walk through the door.  The menu does change slightly but everyone has their favorites.  WHat does add to this location is that the staff is usually friendly and in a good mood.  At other locations, you get a fast-food experience from a fast-food staff.
5	Panera bread, yay!One of my favorite places I go to for a quick lunch, breakfast, & something to fill my cravings of a little comfort food.  I have tried a variety of their selections and my favorites is the bacon & ham panini, with caesar salad, & and their tasty baguette.Also other favorites are: cheesy mac & cheese, their hot chocolate, broccoli cheddar soup,  of course their free internet service that they have! Reasonable prices & the people who work that are AMAZING.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 27/100As you enter, look up at the menu and pan your eyes to the left where it says 'You Pick 2'!1/2 Sandwich - Mediterranean veggie sandwich & a choice of soup (or salad)- Cream of chicken and wild rice for only about $7.50. There's a calorie count on the right of the item - for the health conscious. My friends and I were given a number each and everything was brought to our table in no time. Very laid-back bakery/restaurant, great place to chat the day away. Place smells delicious and the aroma continues to fill you up long after the meal is over. Affordable and good quality food.
1	Filthy line. You would think they would be more concerned with the appearance of the kitchen(line) sense it is visible. Its makes you question the sanitation. I won't be coming back.
2	This is the third time I've been to this location and I think it will be the last. Panera already has high prices but the food is really good so you decide. Today my chicken salad croissant was a joke. There was enough lettuce for three sandwiches but barely enough chicken salad for a half. The croissant was hard and when I picked up the sandwich, EVERYTHING except the lettuce fell out. I had to eat my sandwich with a knife and fork. Yes, I said a knife. So all in all paying $8 for a sandwich could be acceptable if its a good size or even made well but this Panera location doesn't seem to care about pleasing their customers. I will not be back.
4	The egg white, Medierranean was out of this world, the Coffee and the friendly smiles were awsome.  I went not really expecting any out of the norm and "WHAM"  had a great breakfast!
5	This is a perfect spot for a quick lunch! They are super fast! And I've always had a great experience. Staff is friendly and attentive. And food always taste fresh. I love their French Onion Soup and Turkey Bacon Bravo. Lots of selections of Hot and Cold sandwiches and soups.Clam Chowder Bread Bowl and Summer Corn Chowder are delicious!! Though I will say, you get more soup if you order the regular bowl, but the bread is also filling. They have a bakery also, so if you are into pastries, they have a great selection, even after the morning has come and gone. Prices are reasonable, location is good.  I think my one complaint is there isn't a location close enough to my house! I'm a big sandwich cafe person, and I will say Panera is in my top 3 places!
3	Nothing special. Free Internet but connectivity is sporadic at times and capable bandwidth is limited due to non-trunking, cheap service.Sandwiches are above-average priced for a below average portion/sandwich-content.Customer Service is top level, in the industry.
5	The employees are super sweet and the strawberry poppy seed salad is amaazzzing.
4	I miss Panera - coming from the midwest and currently calling Phoenix home we have "Paradise Bakery" but it just isn't the same; too much hip-hop on the stereo while Panera focuses on a more chill vibe.  Decent Coffee, comfortable seating, and friendly servers - yet another reason I'll be happy to be migrating north to Las Vegas very soon.
5	I'm a downright Panera lover. Salad, Mac & Cheese, Sandwich, you name it, I'll eat it. One thing that I noticed about this location over others is that even though seats are limited, the area to order is a lot more spacious than the location at Galleria Mall. I also noticed that the service was  really quick. Order time to getting my sandwich was within 5 minutes. There could probably be an extra person or two cleaning the tables but I'm not complaining. I'll definitely be back to this location.
4	I love this place I like to sit back Very cozy the food is very good..Let's not talk about they frozen lemonade OMG and the pastry are so good
3	This is a pretty typical Panera Bread location. It's always best to come early to make sure you have first chance at all the pastries. My favorite is the pecan roll and those go fast, so by the afternoon they're always gone. Service is friendly and solid. They get very busy during the breakfast and lunch rush, but if you go before or after, you're good.
3	I like the food at Panera. This location is fairly nice but parking can get crowded during high-demand times. The bagels are about the best in the city in my opinion. The staff is constantly changing so your service will vary depending on who is working. One thing I wish they would improve is their toaster. If you want a toasted bagel ask them to run it through the machine twice. It's a chain and very reliable. Sometimes I wish they'd change the menu more often but overall it's a good place.
1	Called in store 10mins ahead of time to make sure they are still serving clam chowder and told them we are coming just for that double checking they have enough. when we get there it was out!! and told us we should've order it on the phone...hello? Why the guy didn't tell us we could've done that! Very disappointed..
4	I'm definitely a fan. My favorite dish is the mac and cheese. I actually have a hard time ordering anything else. It is even better with the bread. But on occasion I'll order the pick two and get the Apple salad or the new wheat berry salad. Both are pretty good. I'm not a fan of their pastries. I'm not sure what the issue, but they usually taste bland to me.Free wifi is a plus. They also have a few tables with outlets for charging (laptops or phones) and a pretty good iced tea.
1	Today's trip to Panera Bread Co. was not that great...    I ordered one of their soups in a bread bowl which was all bread and no soup.  I also ordered a half of smoked turkey sandwich.  There was  only one slice of turkey folded in half, a super small slice of tomato, a skimpy piece of cheese.   At least they give you the option to purchase a baked good for 99 cents if you order a combo!!
3	I have to say, that I haven't had anything bad off the menu from Panera Bread, but this particular location ALWAYS lacks in the seating area. The service is always great, the manager is always back there with the crew working right beside them, the food has always been great.  The seating sucks, though, and sometimes I'd like to eat there instead of getting everything to go or have to eat outside when it's too hot or too cold.
5	Good place to get a quick meal. I went there for breakfast ordered a sausage eggs cheese sandwich and food came out fast and fresh ! The restaurant is clean and nice tables. Free refill coffee and it just like Starbucks but offers table service . Very impressed !
5	Amazing sandwiches with very fresh ingredients - but it is a little on the pricey side. They started a new trend: two signature items for $9.19 without tax.I've tried:-Turkey Bacon Bravo: simple sandwich that comes with turkey, two slices of bacon, lettuce, tomato and...tomato basil bread(my favorite soup)!-Napa Almond Chicken Sandwich Salad: a very refreshing and good combination that includes grapes in the sandwich too. Everything complimented each other very well.Known for their broccoli cheddar soup so don't forget it! Their creamy tomato you can skip because it was just average for the price to buy it as an a la carte but perhaps not so bad if you wanted to change up your soups choice once in a while.Booth seating available that can fit up to 4-6 comfortably and an average number of tables varying from 2-4 people. Outdoor seating is available too with four tables and two chairs per one. This place gets packed with people, come check it out and you'll understand why a long line is normal when waiting to place your order.
4	I really like Panera for flavorful vegetarian options.  The Met. Vege sandwich on fluffy wheat bread is so delicious!  Pair any sandwich with a unique beverage:  I like the lemonade, green tea, and smoothies - and you can get a pastry for $1!  I had a healthy, filling, fun lunch for $11 - including dessert!  Value, fast, quality, and delicious.  Love it!
4	Is it just me but does anybody else dislike when the cashier calls you Honey sweetie? I always felt it was unprofessional. Would should have called me honey if I was with my wife. H.no. She would have got us both beat-up LOL.Any way the food was good. 4 stars for the food 1 star for the service. Thursday morning cashier
5	I order the pick two with the BBQ chicken salad and the chicken tortellini Alfredo EVERY TIME. It's so good and they make it perfectly every time. The employees are friendly and prompt. I enjoy coming to this Panera and using their free wifi while I eat my yummy meal.
4	My favorite item from Panera is their Mac n Cheese! Today I decided to try their newer menu items because they've added quite a few! I had a "You Choose Two" - you select two of either soup, sandwich, pasta, or salad. I got Chicken Sorrentina Pasta & Baked Potato Soup* equal amounts of pasta, chicken and spinach ; sauce is good ; pasta may have been a little overcooked today though* great baked potato soup!Coworker also had a "You Choose Two" - Tortellini Alfredo & Broccoli Cheddar SoupOverall good place to have a quick lunch!
5	You pick 2 combo is great for the price...lots of fresh and healthy selections.  I love going there for breakfast ;-)
5	You can never go wrong here!  They have take out so you can eat at home. The broccoli and cheddar soup is the most amazing thing in the planet.  You also can order it at anytime you don't have to wait until 11 like other places. Same goes with breakfast items as long as they still have the bagels.
2	This review is for service only. Which by the way after bad, really bad service makes the food a little blah!We order some stuffs totalling $31. Two half salads, half sandwich. Two sodas and kids meal plus a cookie for my daughter. The cashier kristen, as her name appears in my receipt has been the worst person i have ever have to deal with, in years. Out of it and most important, very rude!! like giving her my order annoyed her to death.  Short in answers as well. I order two drinks but she charged for one only so when i asked her to add a second one. She rolled her eyes at me and slammed the cup in the counter like i was a toddler bothering her.   And I wont even bother to comment about her attitude when i gave her my Panera card to be swipped. The only reason i give it 2 stars is because the runner/busser was amazing and deserves to be recongnized. I dont remember her name, someone called her 'G' or 'B' or something like that. Anyway, the food was good but didnt enjoyed it at all.  I wont be going there anymore. I will have to go to the one on green valley next time
4	The customer service is excellent at this location, however I regret to report that I find they are usually out of their top selling products whenever I go to purchase them-my advice: bake more! The food however is nothing short of extravagant! It fills your body with a warmth that only home cooked food can do. The broccoli and cheddar soup is my absolute favorite soup I've tasted in my entire life. On an ending note, they are typically busy, so good luck finding parking, and finding seats inside can also be difficult if you go at certain times, but despite that: it is absolutely worth it! Delicious!
4	A fairly new Panera location - not on my GPS even with a current map update.  Located along a very busy stretch of the ordinarily-busy Eastern Ave.  Lots of great shopping nearby.  Lots of parking in the lot and good, comfortable seating.  Food is very consistent, as you'd expect from Panera Bread.
4	Walked out without dinner. We've tried to order berry smoothie and cashier said they don't have it. Second my wife tried to order her pasta and same reply we don't have it... WTH.... Big food chain and they didn't have two items listed in menu, sucks... We canceled our order and went somewhere else for dinner.... They need to improve customer service, specially attitude to customer.....
2	The food at Panera is always good and fresh and doesn't take more than 5 minutes for it come out. The only problem with this place is their staff. They seriously are all so rude and walk around like they hate their lives and make me uncomfortable when I go in because of how rude and bothered they are.
5	Panera??Always love food that are simple and made it into something quite delightful to the taste..that's just me of course, my not be the same for you...hahaBut hey the service is great as always!Will always come back here whenever I'm in the area!!
4	This place has been packed almost every time I have gone, but I love it, so it is worth it. Broccoli cheddar soup is to die for!!!
2	Check your silverware! Three out of four spoons and one knife were dirtY....kinda grossed me out and unsure of the cleanliness of the kitchen. I do love the food here turkey,  bacon & avocado is my favorite sandwich and the mac & cheese is delisH! This location Is close to where I live but I work near The District so I will probably go to that one now that I've had the dirty silverware experience
4	I come here once to twice a week for lunch.  Sometimes I order and take back to my office and other times I eat-in the restaurant.  I wish they had the option to order online, pay online and just come and pick it up!  Order Panera locations have that option but not that one. Darn!I have only had one problem since coming here so much in the past 6 weeks.  I ordered a "you pick 2" to-go.  They called my name and I took my order back to my office.  Well, there must have two Lindsey's because I ordered the Tomato, Mozz & Basil Panini and Creamy Chicken & Rice Soup but received a Chicken Caesar Salad and a Bacon Turkey Bravo.  Unfortunately, I don't like either of those and confirmed it again after I took a bite of each of them.  Thank god the other Lindsey ordered the baguette for her side, so at least I had some bread for lunch. :)I guess it serves me right ordering 2 things I have never ordered before.  But lesson learned- always check the bag before leaving the restaurant.Other than that- the cashiers are very nice and  the to-go orders come out at a decent pace. P.s. Their Toffee Nut cookie is crazy good and so is the White Chocolate Macadamia cookie.  Yum!  Oh and the Mac & Cheese is yummy too! :)
4	I wish I could manage this Panera. It's just not up to par - today 3 dirty booths and nowhere to sit. Too many teens working with no supervision :( / food - good.
5	OMG had a doctor appointment and was mad starving! Went in for a breakfast sandwich & left filled & happy! Fresh meal, friendly staff& clean areas! TOTALLY worth the trip!
2	I was actually looking for Zabas, which has apparently closed, when I came across this Panera location. My review is not so much for the food, which was perfectly fine--a simple turkey BLT and a strawberry fields salad, nor for the employees who were polite and attentive. Nope, my impression of the place was ruined by the filthiness of the bathrooms.  After I placed my order, I went to use the ladies' room. It was absolutely gross--not just messy and needing a quick clean. The kind of grime on the floors, in the corners, and around the base of the stall walls wasn't from a busy day or even week. I don't think those floors have been properly scrubbed and mopped ever!  The restaurant didn't seem short-staffed either. I counted at least 6 employees at the counters. Management really needs to take care of that.
5	I love this Panera! I eat here everyday and in 5 yrs I've had to send my food back less than a dozen times! Great place
4	Tried the new BBQ chicken flatbread with the fuji apple salad. The flatbread sandwich has good flavor but it could have used more chicken in it. As for the salad, it has always been consistently good. Don't forget the iced green tea drink with free refills.
1	This comment applies across the board to all Panera locations:Get the accountants out of the kitchen!  Your "portion-control" efforts, (food cost containment) makes your serving size pathetic. Had a catering order delivered with all sandwiches having only small shreds of meat.  No pretext to cover the bread. It is little wonder Capriottis is kicking your butts!  I won't repeat the mistake of ordering from you...it was embarrassing!
2	The service was extremely unprofessional and our order was missing several items. The food quality was still good, but no one seemed to know what they were doing.
3	The Turkey Bacon Bravo sandwich is great when you want something light.  Full of flavor but won't leave you feeling sluggish, I love the tomato basil bread, it's got a sweetness to it that's unique.  This Panera is a long row house of a store.  The service here is always fast and the people are nice.
4	I'm gonna give my rating based on the customer service and food for this one but will get to why I lost a star.Let me say, I pretty much have my standard Panera order. Sometimes I get a bit crazy and mix it up with a new soup flavor or add the extra pastry for 99 cents if I am feelin real saucy...but I always get a turkey sandwich and caesar salad because it's just always good!  Also, side note: if you ask for an extra piece of crusty bread, they will always oblige. Now for the minus star.The wifi is pretty terrible. Very spotty and hard to connect. This place will remain a great place to eat and socialize while I stuff turkey sandwich and salad down my pie hole.
5	Can't go wrong with this place.Good sandwiches, salads, soups.And the green tea is to die for.
5	The food here is always delicious. I love their Power Breakfast Egg White Bowl with Turkey. So good.
5	Classic favorite spot ... I appreciate healthier food ( I.e. Antibiotic free chicken ) it's the little things that count when eating out and it's hard to find good quality these days ...
1	Just tried to order two different sandwiches...out of both the types of bread I requested.   What kind of sandwich place runs out of bread?!?!?!
5	I discovered the secret menu at Panera Bread.  I make this place a weekly lunch spot.   I have only ordered the steak lettuce wraps from that menu.  Awesome Lunch!!!  I am looking forward to trying the other items from the secret menu, especially the breakfast.
4	It's always busy but service is fast and friendly. Parking can be hard to find sometimes, but overall its everything that you can expect Panera Bread to be.Also, the Internet could be little faster.
3	And the only two reasons why I give them 3 stars is cause 1. The manager (the red head) is great. And 2. A guy made small talk / joke about stuff while I waited.  The cashier was demanding on asking "do you want a drink?" Instead of "did you want to add a drink with that?" The employees in front looked like they didn't want to be there and not even a smile on their face. My cashier yawned while I was ordering. Felt un welcomed and wanted to leave ASAP. I love the lake mead location way better. Sorry guys. But I would want every customer to be happy going in and out of Panera.
