2	Let me start by saying it's a bus station. Automatically means dim lighting, strange smells, and the dank air of dying souls. But that aside, I felt safe here. It's a small station, but the bathrooms are fairly clean, and although I got there as the bus was pulling in, they got me checked in and on my way. Because who wants to spend any more time there than absolutely necessary? But I do have a tip: if seats are at a premium (which they always are for late arrivers like me), always pick the black muslim guy with the kufi reading the Koran. They generally are the most courteous and least likely to try to feel you up if you fall asleep, which you must do when riding the Hound, for your own sanity.
2	a tip: if you need anything from this local charlotte station don't call.  they never -- as in never -- answer their phone.  you can't leave messages, you can't find a live person.  if you need a live body to talk to at the local station you have to go down to the station in person yourself.
2	Oh greyhound, how  you suck my soul ever so slowly like a dementor.As bus stations go this one is pretty neat, tidy and clean. There aren't a lot of seating available so feel free to use your luggage as a couch as I was doing at one point.Customer service here is pleasant and courteous. The only issue I ever have with greyhound is their lack of communication to the customers when there's a delay.Look, I get that I was travelling in the middle of a snow storm because the arctic decided that America was more fun to hang out with than the North Pole - I get delays happen. But what I don't get is why no one is forthcoming on what's going on in the stations.However I gave you 2 stars because the new buses are pretty swish. I do love the plug in charger options for phones and the free wifi. If only the free wifi worked more than it didn't.
2	So yeah, pretty much what everyone has said so far!Our family travled from Connecticut to visit family in Georgia.  We have had a total of four bus drivers and only two were by far the only drivers who cared and had somewhat of customer service.Yes it's true greyhound really needs to train their employees higher customer satisfaction.   What ever happened to the customer is always right!?.This station lacked in communication in every way possible! One employee telling us this and the driver saying that. Ugh unreal and frustrated to the tee!.I would give more stars but at this point it is what it is. People need to know what they are getting into. We decided to try something different and not rent a car this year. We didn't take a plane or train because again we wanted a different option and more economical. If you don't care about lack of communication and your ok with employees who don't apologize for any mistakes on their part then by all means take the Greyhound bus.Highlight of this trip were friendly people who helped each other along the way. Due to the fact that when you asked a greyhound employee they got upset when you asked a question. Your kidding right? Isn't that your JOB?!Please if you hate your job please quit or find something else that makes you happy.It's a bad rap for people going on vacation of any sort.Then left with this impression.  Hope this helped. Good luck in your traveling.
3	Can't complain much about this station. I'm here for a 50 minute layover and the place seems clean, bearable lighting, plenty of vending machines and only about six gates. There is a restaurant here but I guess since it's 11pm right now, it's closed. Consider bringing food of your own if you have a layover here.
3	Bused my Dad up from Augusta to Charlotte. Really no competition here so we were at their mercy. My Dad said he had a good trip and that they were nice to him as he needs handicap assistance. Station is relatively clean for a bus station. It IS confusing in there and it's not exactly obvious which line to stand in so that you catch the right bus. And you can't track where the bus is using a smartphone or computer. But it was affordable but the schedule was somewhat inconvenient. He made it here and back safely so i guess that is what ultimately matters.
3	For a bus station, it's okay.  Maybe a little more clearness on where passengers are to exit and where people should come to pick you up is in order but otherwise, it's indoors & there are okay bathrooms (at least for the ladies).  No complaints here.
