3	On the downside, I booked their private dining area for a group, and when we arrived, they didn't give us it. Instead, they spread our group across two (separated) tables, which completely spoiled the evening. On the plus side, the food was awesome. Best steak I've ever tasted. I'd skip it, though, and go somewhere less pretentious. there are lots of alternatives in Edinburgh, after all.
4	I seriously doubt that another bar in the world exists with a more feminine and camp decor than Tigerlily. Hanging silver sequins surround every table in the restaurant whilst the bar stools are pink leather clad. Bar men wear t-shirts reading Tiger across their backs whilst the ladies read Lily (inspired...). Pink and silver might not be to everyones tastes but if it's a cocktail you're after then you'll just have to grin and bear it. The bar staff here are award winning and really know how to make great and exciting drinks. Delicious!If I could give you one piece of advice avoid the food! Whilst it's all fine, it's just not worth the money you pay for it or anywhere near the standard of the bar. So if you're planning a visit to Tiger Lily, make it a liquid lunch!
4	Great bar and atmosphere. Very good food as well. This was one of our favorite spots on the last trip to Edinburgh......
4	upscale bar on upscale george street. great music and more whiskies than you can shake a stir stick at. if you're over 25 and/or get sick of stepping around puke puddles down around the grassmarket, stroll on up to george street for a refreshing and infinitely classier experience.
4	This is my favourite place to stay in the city and a great place to eat. The food is well above average and the staff are really friendly. They made excellent suggestions and did specials that changed through the evening. Lively atmosphere even on a Sunday night and the cocktails are fantastic. The breakfasts are huge and tasty. Great stuff.
2	Tigerlilly. AKA if you're in here you're instantly cool. Should that be the concept of a restaurant?? I don't think so...the fact that Tiger Lilly is now more of a 'oh my God, look what she's wearing' rather that 'oh my God this tastes great' says it all. Tiger Lilly is crying potential but it's never quite met because they are trying too hard to be cool....trendy.....awesome and whatever else the kids say these days. Ok, so the food is okay...nothing special. I've had better salad leaves with vinegar. (incase you didn't get that, I'm trying to say they are small in portion sizes and not very substantial). Although...if you are looking for somewhere to go for a drink, Tiger Lilly is the place. It is very nice, you can't deny that. Infact, I used the wallpaper for my bedroom. It's the sort of place you go if you wear a suit and will have 2.3 children. At 5pm it's full of suits and at 11pm you can't see past the back-combed bouffant parade (aka students) but it's quite nice to have a loud, busy atmosphere sometimes. Sometimes it's good to feel cool and 'hip'. The food isn't amazing, but it's ok. ridiculously over-priced too. But hey, you can't put a price on social status. Also, the fact that my 50 year old mother goes there to pick up guys says it all...
3	As Tigerlily is a bar, a restaurant and a hotel - it's really hard to rate all 3 together.- the restaurant is bad. Overpriced for poor quality cooking. Not tasty, and not inspired. You pay for being in a cool place with a chic decor. We were staying in the hotel, and the breakfast is the same. It's ok but not great (burned bread, not very good pastries, overcooked eggs). I would give a 2.- the bar is really fun. The cocktails are awesome, though not always done with the same quality from one time to another. Just reading the cocktail list is fun. I wish I could stay longer to try all of them. I also like very much the 2 different atmospheres between the 2 different bars. Cosy sitting makes it a plus too. I would give a 4.- the hotel is the highlight! It's a boutique-hotel with very nice interior design, with designer style furniture and bright pink-ish colours. It all has a lot of personality and doesn't feel average. We had the chance to be upgraded to a Georgian suite. Enormous room & bed, with a fireplace, a sitting area, 2 lcd TVs and DVD player, walk-in shower & bathtub! :_)) The high ceiling adds to the drama of the place. Really really nice, and 5 minutes away from the city center. But definitively pricey! I would give a 5 here. Best hotel I have ever been too with really nice staff.
1	Much like a 50 year old guy in a Superdry t-shirt driving a convertible Ford Ka, Tigerlily is perhaps the most blatant case of a venue trying too hard that I've ever seen. Places like this just never, ever work, and invariably end up attracting tragic old divorcees with hair extensions before too long. Sorry ladies, but standing around in leopard print stilettos sipping on a French Martini won't bring him back.I only know one guy who likes Tigerlily (we'll call him C Dog for the sake of anonymity). He has a stupid haircut, slaps on a bottle of fake tan a night, takes pouty photos of himself for social networking sites, and thinks Tigerlily is the kind of place where he can realise his ambition of becoming that guy from The Only Way is Essex. At least he helps me know which places are best to avoid.
2	A few weeks ago a few friends and I were looking for a nice cocktail bar along George Street, there's definitely an abundance of them but we weren't sure what one would be best. We passed Tigerlily and there were a few people sitting outside sipping out of Martini glasses - bingo! We entered, walked into the bar area, took one look around and walked straight back out again. Possibly a little bit unfair but the decor was garish, it was about 100 degrees and the clientele left a lot to be desired too. That sounds really mean, but I didn't fancy waiting in a really long queue full of old guys in suits who quite obviously thought they were old "sugar daddies". No thanks Tigerlily.It just seems like it's trying a little bit too hard but if I go back again I think I'll choose to sit outside.
4	As a "Yay we have finished uni for the year, lets celebrate our freedom" thing, my classmates and I came here for lunch yesterday. I kinda loved it. I am the first person to rant about how pretentious and fake George Street is, so I have let myself down by being taking in by the fancy decor and cocktails. The decor is so chic and trendy that you can't help but admire the surroundings. It almost feels as though you are in someones uber trendy living room. Our reason for choosing Tigerlily was because of the 2 for 1 on main meals and half price cocktails. With 9 of us, that worked out at around a tenner each for some food and a cocktail. The half price cocktail list only has 3 or 4 cocktails on it, so you are limited. I had a Ginger Mojito which was delicious and certainly hit the spot (i.e. my ability to act coherent) and other delights included a Passion Fruit mish mash which went down very quickly. The 2 for 1 deal included all main meals, salads and sandwiches. Most went for burgers, which were presented in a rather pretentious way. I had a prawn Asian salad which was lovely and fresh, the prawns were uber giant prawns that went down a treat. However, I wouldn't have paid full price for the food. Partly because I am a cheap skate, and partly because presenting things nicely on a plate doesn't warrant a high price. Great place for a ladies who lunch sort of day, as long as it's the days the offer 2 for 1 meals and half price cocktails.
1	How do I write this review without coming across like an utter bitch? I guess there is no simple way out of me acquiring Queen bitch for this one.I got there before the rest of the party as I wanted to do a bit of exploring around the city whilst they primped themselves in the hotel.Bouncers at the door. American with a clipboard and an earpiece, all I could think was,'Where the hell did the girls book and how much will this cost me.'It was like a very shiny MTV music video facade, facade being the operative word. I was escorted to the cocktail bar whilst I waited for my party. I started reading the Big Issue at the bar which I know was like if a nun streaked in a Chanel shop but hey I have naked nun moments.Cocktail was good, service was great. They pushed a double vodka on me after which was a bit meh, don't like people trying to use me for money in an obvious way.So dinner. We were put at a huge marble table. Interior is impressive in a homage to all things drag-queen like kinda way, good thing I heart drag-queens. Music is a disaster, too loud and chart like on loop. Dinner consisted of us staring at each other. Oh but it gets better. Never in all my years dining have I been in a place that thinks it's OK not to section of the dining area from the bar area... Drunken men hovered over at our table and stared at us eat. I felt like a cow at the mart waiting to be bought.I got the swordfish... I asked for it to be medium rare... It was well done... As one of the party commented the food comes out far too fast. It all was a tad too new money pretentious to me.The absolute best part was when the sickly sweet waiter overcharged us by 60 pounds and didn't apologise or offer us drinks. I really wanted to kick him hard in the balls for trying to take advantage.I was told later that night that that place is a chain... I'll look for somewhere authentic and local next time I'm there.
2	Much like Elanor M., me and my friends were drawn into Tigerlily by the promise of sitting out in the sun drinking expensive, but pleasing drinks on George Street. Inside however, we were greeted by a huge queue of people who had obviously had the smae idea - but who werent getting served by the staff behind the bar, or so it seemed as the queue was moving so slowly. At least that time gave me chance to look around the place - its kind of funky and traditional at the same time, but gives off the impression that it is trying so hard to make you think its not trying at all. Much like the clientel, who have spent hour on thier hair, make up and clothes to make you think they have spent no time at all on thier hair, make up and clothes. Anyway, once we got our drink (about 6 1/2 years later), I nearly chocked as I paid for my round. Evenm though we sat in the sun drinking them, a cloud certainly hung over our table.
4	Ok. I was harsh before. I come in here quite a lot and really like it every time. It's a cool place, really trendy and good to come if it's your first time in the city and looking for somewhere to go and people-watch.It's decorated nicely and the staff are friendly. Ok, it's a bit poser-ish, but it's good nevertheless!
4	"Come out Tigerlily you're carressing me, I'll take you out, I'll turn you on, I'll take your apathy."Tigerlily, the bar, has been around far longer than La Roux's poppy-number (my favourite on the album) but the edgy, sexy chic lyrics lend themselves wonderfully to this bar. On the ever popular and trendy George Street (love it / hate it), Tigerlily is sumptuous, endulgent, fun, classy, and also hella big inside. I can see why other reviewers maybe felt a bit uncomfortable here if they weren't dressed up. It's "Nice" with a capital N. But I did once come here with my sister and parent-of-the-father variety and no one batted an eyelid despite the instant lowering of street-cred factor such a crime might bring.I love the interior of this bar, it's huge and there's  a variety of seating areas depending one what you fancy. Lady-like morning room armchairs, booths, sofas, tables for food. Everytime I've been, it's for cocktails and they whip up a good bunch. I like to consider myself a veteran cocktail drinker, with a bulletproof (unintentionally more La Roux) constitutition that can take me up to 6 cocktails before my cheeks get flushed and I start to babel nonsense (I am told, however, it's endearing!) So on a scale of all the cocktails I've tried, the ones here are definitely the upper end but not the best. So the 4 stars are definitely appropriate.This place is great for somewhere to celebrate (birthdays, graduations, office nights out) but also for ladies who lunch, and one of my favourite type of cocktail-times: been shopping your feet off all day and in desperate need of a pick-me-up. Raspberry mojitos work a treat for this!So if you're in the mood to paint your nails, put on that cute little outfit you've been saving and need somewhere to spend an hour or 3 with the ladies, go all Oo La Roux and hit this place up.
2	Disappointed. Was recommended, was expecting so much. Was a bit dirty, waited ages to get served, so long we nearly walked out. Looked like loads of managers, no staff. Staff looked bored and poorly trained. What a let down.
4	Had an amazing time at Tigerlilys and a great start to our wknd. It had a great atmosphere about it and felt so chilled, we were givin a cozy booth at the back, I chose the ham hock terrine to start, then the steak,  both were excellent the roasti with the steak was amazing (even better than the steak if I must say) to end the night we went  for the shared mixed dessert, yum.I would have to say this is my #1 restaurant in Edinburgh so far, good food and wine with great staff what more do you want.Enjoy
3	Very stylish restaurant and bar. I prefer to have drinks here or lunch, dinner can be a little disappointing. Overall a good place to drink but would suggest eating elsewhere.
3	The food is not the reason to go. The place is glam, and it predominately used for Essex lookalikes.
5	My husband and I first recognized Tigerlily because it was conveniently located outside our window at the hotel Roxburghe. After dinner with some friends at a different establishment a friend who was familiar with Edinburgh suggested Tigerlily. I was extremely tired because I had flown in from the US that morning and had remembered that it was across the street from our hotel...so I agreed to go for a drink or two (knowing I could leave when I wanted and just hop across the street and go to bed). It was a Thursday night about 12:30...I guess they close at 1 so they warned us at the door and told us we were welcome to come in and then continue our fun late late night at their sister nightclub downstairs Lulu. We came in and had a few drinks at the front bar. The service was attentive yet the drinks were considerably weak, I guess you just have to ask for doubles. Even though, a half hour into our stay we were having so much fun that we decided to go downstairs and completely had forgotten about our jet-lag. Oh, and Tigerlily's decor is super modern and trendy, definitely one of the "coolest" places I have been in awhile. When we arrived downstairs we were sat at a corner table with some friends who were celebrating getting married that weekend. We had a blast! Our server, even in this crazy nightclub was attentive, but gave us enough space and she came over when we needed something. The Dj was great and open to suggestions (and actually played them). That was our FIRST visit to Tigerlily and Lulu.We had so much fun that Thursday we decided to bring different friends in on Friday. We were all staying at the Roxburghe like I said before so it was easy to get people to decide to go. On this visit we ventured to the bar in the back of the restaurant. This place on a Friday in July was PACKED! It was awesome. Lots of people my age, mid-twenties to mid-thirties, having cocktails with friends and family and most very good-looking. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. The bartenders in the back bar were great (well the guys). They always remembered what my husband and I were drinking and even though they were busy they were still very attentive. Also, after one round we opened a tab, they give you this number so you can tell them your tab number instead of your name (very cool!) and the bartenders remembered my tab number! AWESOME! They only thing I noticed was the female bartender, very pretty, but she was either new to the establishment or a new bartender altogether because it took this poor girl seriously 10 minutes to open a bottle of wine for a customer at the bar and then another 10 minutes to give them a check, probably 30 minutes in customer years (I'm a bar owner in the US). I think it would have impacted my experience had I been waiting for a drink like a lot of other people, but because of the male bartenders I was taken care of already. I know tipping isn't customary in the UK but I felt like my service was so excellent that I had to! So to recap... Great decor, great service (at both Lulu and Tigerlily), good drinks. The only thing that was missing was that I never tried the food. Maybe next time I'm in Edinburgh. :)
5	One of my favourite hotels, very nice decor and rooms. Staff is not the best but they try good as they can. Great bar scene every night especially at weekends. Restaurant: very good food and lovely breakfast. Great place to stay in Edinburgh with your partner or friends.
4	I've visited Tiger a couple of times, mostly for business meetings during the day rather than evening time catch-ups so perhaps my experience is different from the norm. A girly lunch with two pregnant friends was very well received: particularly the delicious cake-stand at the end. I've not had the pleasure of staying in any of Tigerlily's rooms, but watching a waiter swan into a lift with a bottle of champers and two flutes did elicit a gasp of jealousy.
2	This place had been on my mind for a while. It's quite heavily reviewed already, one of my friends had recommended it and I think they had a booth at the Cocktails in the City event. Anyway, I had high-ish hopes....Enter Tigerlily.Tackiness level: Paris Hilton doing a cameo on The Only Way is Essex wearing a dress made completely out of double-sided tape. THAT tacky.Tigerlily have made every single surface reflective. Lights, counters, glasses, chairs, walls, everything a visual reminder that you, Luke D, are not shiny enough for a 'classy' establishment like this. I actually had to squint when I walked in. It didn't feel trendy, it didn't feel sophisticated, it felt like a 16yo girl's idea of what bars would be like. I can kind-of see the attraction of this place for some people though. If you're a 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionist with your eyes on a promotion and boss who likes to buy champagne cocktails for girls half his age, this is your place. If you're a recently-divorced 35yo middle-management man who likes to compete with upper management for 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionists, this is your place. If you don't have a mirror in your house, this is your place.
4	I had a theatre night in Edinburgh with my wife about a year ago. I fancied taking her to a boutique hotel and chose Tigerlily.Great place, the bar is stunning, we got a great meal and breakfast as part of our Dinner bed and breakfast deal.The room was massive very pink and girly, right up my wifes street.We got chocolates and Prosecco in our room on arrival.The service was very personal, taken to our room, shown how the tv, ipod and mood lighting worked in the room,.My wife is a fussy eater and wasnt too keen on the residents menu, but after a wee word with the girl on reception she got to pick off the main menu.I would recommend this to couples or groups of girls on a night out in Edinburgh.They might have some more masculine rooms if guys fancy it, a phone call to the nice folk on reception would be able to confirm this.
4	ah tigerlily, the poshest of the posh spots along george street.  when you come here, you come to be seen and drink expensive yet well made cocktails and enjoy sitting in a luxuriously decked out bar with pretty people waiting on you.  perhaps for most this is too much, but sometimes i just need to indulge my inner desire to be rich and famous and act like this is just the norm for me!so yes, i am definitely a fan of tigerlily.  even with their cocktail menu being a bit on the pricey side, i have to say the drinks are worth it.  they expertly made and when the bartender thinks you're a girl sat on her own  in a slightly revealing dress he's happy to chat away to you and pehaps even flirt a bit.  (he became much less chatty and fliry when my boyfriend showed up but it didn't change the quality of our drinks...) and there are so many concoctions worth trying, however i highly recommend their signature cocktail.  Lily's New Knickers, a cheeky name for a cheeky drink.  vodka, grapefruit, and rose liquer mixed together then topped with lemon sherbet foam!  the perfect pink drink for a girly girl like me :)  my boyfriend enjoyed his elderflower rickey, which i described as a fancy gin & tonic with the additional of elderflower cordial.now there are a few drawbacks to this place, one being the price.  it's the creme de la creme of posh bars on george street, so you are paying for the location.  which brings me to the second drawback, it's crowded even in the early evening this place is packed with pre dinner cocktail seekers in short dresses and high heels.  i was lucky to grab two seats at the bar when i spied a girl leaving and moved in making sure to (gently) push anyone out of my way.so, love it or hate it, tigerlily is what it is.  i prefer to love it and fulfil my dream of being one of the lucky few that have the  rich and famous lifestyle of which these bars are made for.  i'm happy to pay a few extra quid for a well made cocktail and to sit in luxury surroundings.  i've not been for food, so i can't comment on that, perhaps one day i'll move past the cocktails.  however, for now tigerlily is my go to place when i want to get all dolled up and sip on cocktails for a fancy night out.
4	Tigerlily ? One of those bars or restaurants that would not look out of place in Sex & the City.  That is a place for girls, right?  Right.. and wrong. The place is opulent, pretentious and selectively fashionable - what does that mean to a guy like I visiting? It means I fit right in. The grand marble entry with the bar that screams "PINK CHAMPERS HERE!" but actually has Asahi on draft too. And a decent selection of Vodkas. (their default for a vodka mixer is Stolichnaya) Free Wifi is a given.The 'vestibule' or 'antechamber'  is furnished with thick pile rugs, blue Salvador Dali-esque sofas and armchairs and 'Sleeper' wooden salon tables. And Fluffy Pink Scatter Pillows. - you know what ?! it works and they are surprisingly comfortable.The music was a pleasant, modern mix and not played too loud, but prominently. We were able to hold a normal conversation.We used a voucher for a Mediterranean Meat & Cheese platter with a glass of wine each. We got 3 Spanish cheeses, some Spanish ham and hot chorizo sausages and it was lovely (we even ordered some extra) The service was friendly, warm and attentive. We vowed to return.
5	I have only ever been into Tigerlily for a few drinks, but is somewhere I'd love to go for a proper night out or even a function. One of my favourite things about the place is the appearance. It's so trendy but trendy in a romantic, pretty way.  Outside they have a twisted wooden archway littered with flowers in front of the door, tea light lit tables on the street and friendly doormen. Inside, it's gorgeous. The bar as you first come in has silvery walls, a white marble bar (with beautiful barmen...) and a stunning light fitting. You know how I like a light fitting. I sip my cocktails and look at it - white, wispy and sweeping the majority of the ceiling. Just off this bar area is my absolute favourite, the little living room. It has a big fireplace and comfortable couches - at Christmas I spent an evening in there with my other half cuddled up by the Christmas tree and open fire drinking cocktails. It's lovely. Further back into the venue you'll find sweeping pods to sit in. It's darker, sexier and louder in the back for those so have settled into the 'past midnight' phase of their night out. Curtained areas are available for functions.The drinks aren't the cheapest but they're not overly expensive. I'm happy to pay what they charge. It's my favourite bar in Edinburgh. Or anywhere actually.
4	Last weekend we ended our cock(tail) crawl of George Street and the surrounding areas in Tigerlilly. The place was very busy with lots of people out celebrating and having a lovely time. It had a really nice vibe and the music was actually pretty good. I had a pricey but lovely couple of cocktails and we all had a wee boogie in the corner. It is a bit pretentious and overly flashy - you can hardly move for fake appendages, tans and cheap bling but when you've had a few en route this doesn't really matter very much!Good cocktail and fizz selection, lovely professional staff and a laugh too. We will be back though not to often as my usual attire is a little too casual!
4	I like Tigerlilly ! I prefer better for a cocktail or afternoon tea! I have dined and the food was delicious but really afternoon tea here is fabby!We opted for afternoon tea for two including a ketel pot cocktail, lots of lovely cakes, scones and sandwiches and the staff who served us were lovely. I love the decor of tigerlilly and its always has a nice atmosphere and lots of professionalism.
3	Fancy spot. Trendy atmosphere and lighting. Food was ok but didn't get the best service due to our server was still new. So we had a few missed orders. I had the Tum Yum soup that came with shrimp and pork dumplings. Spicy and no vegetables? Ademe in a sauce that was sweet and spicy with a hint of wasaby. Maybe I should have had steak. I noticed other dishes were large and hearty.
3	We stayed at the hotel for a Saturday night in July, arrived around 1:20pm (while check-in time is 2pm) to a snobby receptionist.The receptionist promised to give us a call when the room was ready so we walked around George St., Princes St., spent some time in a park before we headed back to the hotel around 2:40pm (this time served by another snobby receptionist) and still had to wait until after 3pm. From the other reviews this seems like some kind of systematic problem.The room was absolutely beautiful and clean, a big separate bathroom, very comfortable beds, amazing furniture.We spent the night in a close-by venue watching a great local band and returned to the hotel around 12:30am. The hotel entrance and the bar were completely packed, the music was exceptionally loud and the elevator was blocked by round about a dozen drunken guys trying to party inside the 4-prs-elevator cab. So we had to find the stairs up to our room.In the room it was way too loud to think of sleeping, it felt like the loud bass made the bed swing. There were people walking around the corridor, doors clapping every now and then and even some people trying to open our door. After the music stopped between 3am and 3:30am there was still lots of noise coming in from the corridor. The receptionist on checkout next morning was friendlier than the two guys during checkin.
4	Tigerlily was hyped up so much by friends and family that it seemed a place not to miss in Edinburgh. This is true. I understand the hype. The venue itself is pretty gorgeous, and on a Saturday night it was absolutely packed. I was blown away by the  size of the cocktail menu. It is huge! Thirty six pages (some are photographs) of amazing cocktails! However, the cocktails I chose was disappointing. I went for my usual Bloody Mary, which is made with Belvedere Bloody Mary Vodka and Absolut Peppar vodka. Sounds amazing, right?! It was pretty diluted with the vodka, so that the punch of the flavours just wasn't there. It was very bland and boring. It didn't work for me, so that's why I took a star off my rating. Other than that, it's a great place for a night out in Edinburgh!
1	I was at Tigerlilly for Sunday lunch. Scallop, Melon & Watercress for starter. The Scallops were cooked just right, and tasted wonderful, light, fresh and sweet.Belly of Pork for main course (served on a bed of mash and greens). This looked quite delicious, however (as was the case with my ex wife) looks can be deceiving. The meat itself was tough and lacked any real flavor. The mash and greens were all too more-ish, nice and buttery. All this is sad as the same dish at "Rick's" (a sister restaurant to "Tigerlilly") was very good."Clark's Scottish Cheeses" for dessert was served with 2 Oatmeal Biscuits, a nano dollop of Spiced Pear Chutney & a piece of Organic Honeycomb that was (I swear) the size of a "Mini-Shreddie". The 3 different pieces of cheese were an insultingly small 1.5 " square and .25 of an inch deep. There was Dunsyre Blue, either a Camembert or, Brie and a young and plastically tasting cheddar type cheese. The cheeses were served at a decent room temperature.Throughout the meal I was persistently being asked if I wanted anything else and if I wanted to order a drink, I was not left alone long enough I thought.Presentation for all dishes was spot on. Sadly, I observed a table where the guy was served before the 2 ladies he was with for 2 out of their 3 courses, poor etiquette (especially as it was "Mother's Day") IMHO.A terrible let down for me, hence the 1 star rating.
4	Always get a really good meal here with some very good meal options. The only downside was no kids menu but picking a couple of sides kinda worked out ok. Staff as always were excellent and the location is extremely good. For evenings try out the cocktails, they have one that comes in a jam jar.
3	I have stayed here for a couple of times and Tigerlily has been one of my favorite hotel in the world.Last visit was rather disappointed for me, Hotel looks the same but start to feel little run down.Was this time here in the summer and it was quit slow at the hip hotel, strange was that people stayed at the hotel this time was very old people +55 (nothing wrong with that i will be old by myself in the future) but it was strange feeling because the hotel is or was very "trendy/hip".Restaurant was slow and service not that good, maybe summer staff. Dinner was good, But not breakfastCleaning was really bad, and 2 of 4 nights was really bad cleaning almost a joke. We did tell the front desk about this.Front desk very polite and did the best.Couches in restaurant was really run down and dirty and also our hotel room started to get a little run down.I think its time to think over the future for Tigerlily hotel.
