1	This company is good at cleaning your pockets and that's it. Terrible experience even after they were sent back to re-clean. This company does business under numerous names so check out the phone  number - buyer definitely BEWARE - awful cleaning service.
5	To sum it up in one word - AMAZING.  My girlfriend had been begging to me to just try a maid service as I have been so against it in the past.  Why spend money for work that she could do ;-)   We researched reputable services in the Scottsdale area and decided to give The Maids of Scottsdale a try as they appeared to be the best value.  Boy was I right.  Great customer service setting up the appointment and the team that came to clean was uniformed, friendly, and had everything they needed.  The operations manager even stopped in to make sure everything was going okay which I appreciated but wasn't necessary.  My team leader was doing a great job with everything I'd asked them to do.  I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about because this company was so easy to work with.  The team continually asked if everything was to my satisfaction and if I wanted anything else done.   We were so pleased we called and got a price for once a month service so we can get a good deep clean once a month.  Now that I know how affordable it can be, the decision is easy.  Even better, no more fights about who's going to clean what!
5	I live in San Diego and needed help for my dad who has cancer and is doing chemo.  He doesn't keep the house clean even when he wasn't sick so it was going to be a huge job.  They sent 4 people and ended up needing six to get it done in 3 hours, all for a reasonable price considering what they can do.  You would not believe how they turned a house that you wouldn't want to spend 5 minutes in to one that you can have a dinner in!  They used magic cleaners to turn a tub that had grout so discolored that you thought replacement was the only option.  A few hours with their magic work and it's new again. the same with the toilets, etc.etc... The whole place sparkles.  No job is too big for them.  We are so happy and amazed!  Thank you!!
5	Did a great job at my home. They showed up on time, did excatly what I asked and finsished in a timely manner. Totally recommend them to otheres.
1	If I a can give a ZERO I would say that it is too much.  This company will take your credit card and charge you whatever they want.  I would rather have no one in my house than these chit chatty, irresponsible and disrespectful people in my home!!! I would NEVER use them again
1	I would not use this company again.  Do they clean well? YES.  But make sure you get your estimate in writing.  I was quoted a price then charged 3 times more than quoted.  I spoke with the owner to find out what was going on and he told me I was never quoted what I said I was..he was calling me a liar!!!!!  After a 5 minute conversation, he would not come to any agreement.  This is a dishonest company.  There are so many other businesses you could use...dont use this one!!!
5	We had the Maids come in and do the common rooms of our house and they did a fabulous job.  With 4 girls living in a house we get busy and can't always find time to keep the floors as clean as we'd like.  The Maids came in and did an outstanding job cleaning the house, the floors were spotless, the bathroom was immaculate, and they even did the dishes!! I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a good house cleaning.  We will definitely be using them again!!
2	They were friendly and prompt. Some things like the bathrooms were spotless!! The inside of the cabinets had dust in them. I opened another  cabinet and there was a stain inside. For a move out clean that is pretty pricey I expected everything I asked for.
5	We have been using The Maids for almost three years (10 times per year) now & they have done an outstanding job every time.  Everyone from this company is extremely professional & we always receive top-notch service.  Jessica (Team Coordinator & Business Manager) accommodates my scheduling requests each & every time and is always cheery & more than happy to assist me.  She goes out of her way to give me the dates I've requested, even around the holidays - but make sure you give her enough time to realistically meet your date request (they always have a tight schedule, especially around high-demand times of the year).  With my specific team (it is so nice to have the same group of individuals because they're familiar with our house & preferences), they're always on time & come in with a pleasant but focused attitude.  They're fast but thorough & I never have to go behind them & 'redo' anything - it's always spotless every time!  I recognize how lucky we are to have them - in speaking with other homeowners in town, I have discovered just how lucky - we have never had a bad experience with them or ever felt they weren't doing a great job.  Pricing is a little bit more, but you pay for good results & trustworthiness!  A special thanks goes to Jessica - she has been a joy to work with over the years & I will remain a customer indefinitely!
