5	This building used to be a Big Burrito, which had terrible food. We were hesitant to try Senor Taco, since it sounded like your run of the mill fast Mexican food. I am so glad we took the chance!They have a huge menu, and everything we have tried so far is delicious! We had the Diablo Shrimp Burrito which was phenomenal; we also tried the Chipotle Chicken Burrito - amazing! They even give you a side of chips with your burrito. The rice and beans were awesome - and the beef tacos were just as good! The customer service is a lot better than what you would find at Filibertos or the like, and the prices aren't bad either. We have officially found our new drive through Mexican joint!
1	I'm a picky eater with almost all my foods, I just wanted a bean beef and cheese burrito. My girlfriend asked if there's onions and peppers in it the girl at the register assured us that there was not. My burrito was ordered and my girlfriend had ordered a carne asada burrito and we left. After arriving home I open the box and there's a few soggy chips in there, I take a bite and it's riddled with peppers and onions. After a 4 hour drive home, and stopping for a quick food pickup on my way the last thing I wanted to do was get in my car and go back so I tried picking it all out, I soon gave up. My girlfriend was far from impressed by her burrito too.  So I think with this being a $16 waste of money that makes us one time customers. Unfortunately.
5	Husband wanted to try out, it was oh so good! We both had the Diablo Shrimp Burrito, and let me say it will not disappoint you! Has a nice little salsa bar, free refills, and a cozy small lobby! Can't wait to be back!
5	Oh my god what a great place to eat burritos. I love the california surfing and rolled tacos. Service is great and at affordable prices. Highly recommend this place
5	This place definitely deserves the 5 stars. When I write a review, I take everything into honest consideration. Starting with the customer service, everyone is super friendly. I'm a very picky eater and don't trust many places but I knew right away this was a good place to eat when I saw how clean everything was, the salsa bar, the counters, soda machines, everything! That gave me a huge relief and built my trust immediately. They have a huge menu to chose from, the food is delicious and very affordable!! . I've liked everything I've tried so far and particularly LOVE their California surfing Burrito it is amazinggg! Unlike many other fast food places that may serve the food cold, the multiple times that I've visited Senor Taco my food has always been really warm and that's something I always look out for. This location has only been open for about a month and every time I go eat there, there are always lots of customers which that alone speaks for itself. I am a very satisfied, this place not only met but EXCEEDED my expectations and I definitely recommend anyone to eat here, you won't regret it. Two thumbs up!! :)
4	There have been several other taco shops in this location over the past few years. None have fared well, obviously. We were happy to see that a Senor Taco was now in place and decided to give it a shot. We ordered a couple Diablo shrimp burritos, a quesadilla and a bean burrito. All were very good but the shrimp burritos are very obviously Senor Taco's claim to fame. Worth the trip.
5	I live in Washington.  So happy to come visit my mum this tasty place. Portions sizes are huge. Ingredients are yummy. I hope the place survives.  The ugly ass Del Webb sign blocks the entire location.
5	Yummy, fresh and delicious food! Nothing tastes greasy, old or bland. Large portions.
5	I can't say it enough, this place is so dang yummy.  Portions are very good for the price.  Dishes are incredibly flavorful.  I try to get something different every time. The Diablo is crazy spicy. I had the shrimp burrito tonight and it was so goooood! I will be so mad if my next trip out here to see my mum...they close. And I will blame that hideous, god awful sign of Del Webb.  It is an eyesore & blocks it's visibility when heading west on Bell road.
5	The food is amazing here!!! The service is top notch as well as the food quality! I have been to plenty of Mexican food places, but I have to say that this has got to be the best place I have been too in a long long time. I definitely recommend anyone to come here and eat!
5	So all of the guys at work were raving about this place so I finally decided to give it a try. And let me tell you I was pleasantly surprised! It has such a quaint interior with some pretty high tech registers and it is really clean. The food is fresh and was delicious. You definitely have to try their salsa verde. It's KILLER. ;) I would definitely recommend giving this place a try if you've been skeptical. It's definitely worth your while.
5	Great food! Can't believe it's fast food. Been a long time since I've had great fish tacos like they are in cali.
5	This place has some of the best beef Taco's I've ever had. The inside is always clean, the staff is very friendly. For the most part the food is served pretty quickly which is okay since you want to make sure it is cooked all the way. We go here at least once or twice a week. If you haven't been you should try it.
5	Fantastic food at super prices. Combos drop in price to $5.00 after 5:00. It's a great deal with such delicious food. The employee were friendly and gave super recommendations. We'll definitely be back and make it our go to restaurant when in west Phoenix. Make sure to give it a try!
4	Excellent food. Had cheese enchilada and beef taco, better or good as any sit down Mexican restaurant.  Nice people. I'd skip the nachos, like Taco Bell nachos but bigger. But everything else is great.
2	First time to this restaurant. Not terribly impressed. Start with cleanliness. There were flies in the restaurant. The bathroom had not been cleaned. The rest of it looked okay for a small taco shop. There is only fast food restaurant type seating.Service was good. The woman behind the counter was very good at explaining the food and give me some recommendations. She was courteous and nice.The food is okay. Price to quantity was pretty good. But I would rather have less quantity and more quality. It was relatively bland food. The salsas were okay but they all kind of taste the same. I spent $13 on chips and two large flower tacos with beans and rice. This restaurant was just under okay.
5	This place just shot up to my favorite taco shop in all of Phoenix!  The carne asada is the best this state has to offer. Deliciosa!!  The salsas, though not as hot as I'd like, fantastic flavor. I'll be back!!
4	Have only been once, had steak and egg burrito and it was excellent.  The fact that you can get a grilled pepper to go with it is a bonus.  Salsa could be better, but the food was great.
5	I love this place - authentic, fresh Mexican food. I went there for the first time with my sister and was amazed at the good quality of the food and the service and the cleanliness of the place.  I just had a meal there with my dad.  We have found our new favorite Mexican restaurant!
1	I met my Wife here yesterday for lunch at noon. Since I had no breakfast, I am sure I got sick here. I had one of their shrimp dishes and started feeling sick before I even left the restaurant. I was in our bathroom most of the night, and could not sleep all night. I have never felt so bad. I will never go here again.
