1	RIP OFF ALERT!  Although I have never had any dry cleaning done here, I have had alterations done here twice.   I wouldn't dream of taking my dry cleaning here after seeing their prices for cleaning.  I took an evening dress in to be hemmed last year which was lined and it cost me $35.  I was told the price was doubled as it was lined.  Fair enough.  Earlier this week, I took another evening dress in to be hemmed.  Before I knew it she had pinned it all down the sides telling me it was way too big.  I lost 5 lbs since I bought it, not significant.  I asked her how much it would be to take it in (we hadn't even discussed the hem price yet) and she told me $120.  I told her we needed a plan B.  I asked her how much it would be to shorten the straps and she stated that since there were jewels on them it would be $25.  Thought that was a little pricey, but given I needed it done within the week I agreed.  For the hem she quoted me $25, as well. I told her last year I paid $35 for a lined dress and was told it was double the price since it was hemmed, so shouldn't the hem be more like $18?  She just ignored me.  So I gave in for the $50 price.  I also told her I would like it pressed.  When i went to pick up the dress today, the total was $67.95.  Are you kidding me?  I asked the gentleman behind the counter how much it cost to have it pressed and he showed me the ticket.  She had charged me $60 for the alterations instead of the agreed upon $50.  I told him what she had quoted me and he stated he would have to call her (given that I am pretty sure this is his wife, I found that pretty stupid, but whatever).  When he got her on the (speaker) phone, they proceeded to chat in another language and he told me that the straps were $35.  I argued that she quoted me $25 and then he handed me the phone.  She stated she said $35 because of the jewels.  I told her I didn't appreciate her calling me a liar and I know what I heard.  After a nice little argument (isn't it nice to argue with your customers - - or in this case ex-customer) she gave in and took $10 off like she was doing me a big favor.  I am one of the most honest people you will meet.  I pay attention when someone quotes me a price, I know what I heard and it wasn't $35.
4	After going here ever since they opened, I loved their service! I know thatmmany will say that they are expensive, that they are, they have amazing service! Their clothes come out with great quality, minus one that had a small stain left on it but no biggie. Customer service is great in general! I would definitely recommend this cleaners to anyone in the area! Basically with these guys, you get what you pay for!
5	Great cleaners, they work magic here! Saved my Italian slacks from the shredder after permenet marker got on them! And the price is right!! Can't beat the service always friendly, good place to do business!
5	Great cleaners! Got my pants to be cleaned and they came out great! Quick turn around time (One day!) and Button Downs were neatly done. I'll come back any day.
5	I've been using this place for five years now. I always have my clothes back the next day, which is great and never had any issues! I've tried several places around here and never have gotten the service I do here!
