4	I've been to Papa Joe's at least four or five times and have always had great service and food. They serve up fish, shrimp, ribs, pulled pork, wonderful side dishes like hush puppies and fried okra.Each time I've been to Papa Joe's I have ordered the one piece spicy catfish (which isn't spicy) and two shrimp. The plate comes with fries, but you can substitute for a different side. I recommend the jalapeno hush puppies. They aren't spicy, like the jalapeno would indicate and are addictively yummy.I've never had the pulled pork sandwich, but my husband has and says it's really good. They make home made sweet potatoe pie, which I have yet to try, but I certainly will soon as it looks soooo good.The people that own Papa Joe's are very friendly and accomodating and aside from the good food the people make it worth coming back.
5	Joe's is on the South side of Bethany and a little West of 19th Ave, in a strip mall sort of. They have a large sign out front.Daaauumm good food. I had the cod, nice big flaky hunk-o-fish. A little over cooked but not too bad.The Shrimp, good size great crisp, good flavor. The beef rib, spicy (not spicy, just more flavor) Huge rib perfectly cooked and seasoned/sauced.Mac N Cheese, just like mamma use to make with welfare cheese! I had a chance to talk to Joe and his lovely wife, nice real people!Joe was kind enough to "lend" me a container of peach cobbler. I say lend because I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE. The burgers did not look like anything to write home about. Go for the fish N que.
5	Following kris m's technique for rating this place, I'm giving Papa Joe's the full 5 stars. Service is friendly, prices are good, and the food is excellent for this culinary genre. Unlike other fish 'n chips places, they don't put a heavy batter on their fish here; instead, it seems that they cover it with a seasoned flour, resulting in fish that I found to be light-tasting, flaky and moist. The pulled brisket I had was hearty and well-seasoned, and the sides of huge onion rings and tasty fries were a perfect accompaniment. You don't come here for "fine dining", just  simple but really good food!
5	Tried the catfish and the Mac n Cheese... wonderfulMy kid had the pulled Brisket... yep brisket sandwich. YUMMYAnother great day at PJFNQPS they have limited Sunday hours but they are open.
5	This is a great find. The sauce isn't my favorite - it's a bit on the peppery side but it's still delicious. The catfish is some of the best I've had. Very clean place and nice people. Good prices too.
4	Well I finally gave Papa Joe's a try. I have driven by this place many times and have even had people tell me about it but just never made it. I took my mother to the eye Dr. today and thought it would be nice to go out for lunch after. This place popped into my mind because, once again. I had driven by just the night before.         We went in and checked out the menu on the wall. After going through about everything I ordered the catfish and shrimp as well as the 2 piece ribs combo. My mother ordered the catfish as well with the potato salad. Food came out pretty fast and I dug in. The catfish was fantastic!!! I ordered the spicy and it was full of flavor and cooked very well. I then reached over and tried the ribs. This was the only thing that did not floor me. They were very good but a bit to peppery for me. Good size ribs with lots of meat but still maybe a 3 on the 5 star scale.      The sides were wonderful. I had the onion rings and the okra with one order and the mac and cheese with the other. All of which were excellent. My mother loved her catfish and shrimp. Which reminds me, my shrimp was very good and would love a big plate of those guys.        All in all I would strongly recommend Papa Joe's. I will be back for more of that catfish and just about everything else I can try. One last thing, the pecan pie was excellent. I could not resist. I wanted to try the sweet potato pie but they were out so I had the pecan instead. I was not unhappy with my choice.
5	This place is amazing!  I decided to try it one day because it is right by my work, and I have been hooked ever since!  Some of the best soul food around this side of town!Personal favs: spicy catfish (which by the way you can now get in nugget style!), mac-n-cheese, and their beans (which are a combo between ranch style beans and sweet beans; I can't even begin to describe the mouth watering flavor).I always ask for my catfish extra spicy because their regular spicy batter doesn't cut it for me; they never object!  Food is consistently ranked for HIGH QUALITY.
5	I agree with the previous reviewers, this place is AMAZING!I had the three piece spicy catfish. Outstanding.  Huge portions, lightly battered (not caked). Delicious. I love this place!Service was great too.  The owner seems like a great guy and truly makes everyone walking in the door feel immediately at home.If you are anywhere near here, don't miss out.Note: It's got a small store front, blink and you'll miss it. And missing it would simply be awful.
5	AWESOME catfish nuggets. This is a small family owned and run business. The menu is on the board that hangs on the wall, They offer specials of the day, quaint. Papa Joe's is now a favorite of mine.
2	And oh my lordy, they have good hush puppies. Ohhhhh I'm so sorry I've driven by this place for years and didn't give them a try. OK I've eaten here many times and it seems to get worse. I don't go there anymore as the last time was awful. Okra, greasy and too spicy. Mac & cheese was overcooked and the catfish was too spicy. I didn't order spicy.
4	Ahh, this place makes me think of "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy.... "Just let your soul glow... just let it shine through!!!"  This is some of the best soul food in town.  My usual staple for soul food has traditionally been Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles, but I know that if I'm looking for fish and chips, I'm coming to Papa Joe's.   I had the 2 piece spicy catfish and shrimp; the portions are generous, the catfish is wonderful -- he uses a real light breading on the catfish and a thicker, crunchier breading on the shrimp.  I like the that the catfish was reasonably mild in flavor, although he has an option for spicy breading.   Standard fare includes fries, although I opted for the jalapeno hush puppies, which did not disappoint.    The shady neighborhood and bullet holes in the windows add a nice touch to give you that authentic experience as well.
5	I love this place. Ordered 2 cod plus extra tarter sauce. Ended up with one unused sauce - bought more fish!
4	CATFISH!After being prompted by a friend to check this place out for months and being in the area, I decided to give it a shot. Although I've enjoyed catfish before, I've never really thought of seeking out a place for it, nor is it something I would usually order. What a fool I've been. Figured it would an unidentifiable white fish with an overbearing batter to cover up the low quality product... fortunately, I was wrong.  I ordered the 2 piece spicy catfish which comes w a few shrimp and fries. It took about 10 minutes to get my food which was a good sign since it was obviously going to be fresh. The portion was huge and looked great when I picked it up. 2 really big fish filets w a golden brown crust. When I bit into a piece it was piping hot and the flavor of the fish jumped out. It was really good. The spicy crunch on the outside was awesome and just the right amount. Not too much breading but enough to crisp it up. Fries were cold as they had been waiting for the fish (thus only 4 stars) and the butterflied fried shrimp with it were great too. It's a dive for sure and a bit seedy inside (these 2 me are positive traits) and will be back for sure. There was another guy there who said he has been eating at Papa Joe's every Friday for a year....I asked what else he has had and he looked at me like I was crazy. Said, "I've had the catfish and there is no reason to eat anything else ever" I can't say that I disagree with him. Go and don't be sneaky...order the catfish and enjoy.
4	First time trying Papa Joe's we'll see how it is...For the price it's really hard to beat Papa Joe'sI had catfish, shrimp and okra, all fried along with macaroni & cheese. The catfish, shrimp and okra were all good. Actually the fried okra was really good, who knew you could get fried okra in Arizona? The macaroni & cheese was nothing special, I probably won't get it again but I will definitely be back.
4	I love this place!! This is the best catfish I've ever had. I also tried the fried chicken the time before and it was wonderful. I wish they were more centrally located but if I'm in the area I'll stop by. The only thing I think that needs improvement is the air, it was a little hot in there yesterday. Oh and they shouldn't charge .50 for a refill, that's a kind of "ghetto". Other than that very good!
5	My boyfriend & I are both fans of BBQ. He is especially picky but I can understand because his Dad makes the best BBQ and homemade sauce I have ever had. That being said, Papa Joe's is delicious. We have never had a bad experience and have been coming here for a while. The pulled pork or pulled chicken are my personal favorites. If you go later in the day there is a good chance the pulled pork will be gone, that's a good sign in my book. He normally gets the ribs & has never complained. Their fried okra is good as well the batter has the perfect spices in it. I have suggested Papa Joe's to several friends; its small & the people are friendly!
5	Ribs were tangy and very peppery. Not dry at all. Mac and cheese was silky, greens were smokey and porky. Portioning was very generous.The cashier asked me if I liked corn bread and gave me a free side of it and I have no clue why.
4	Had the pulled pork sandwich, fried okra, mac-n-cheese, and sweet potato pie. With a drink the bill came up to under $10. Great food and great prices.
4	First of all I want to counter comment the review from Brittney S. You went to this place 3 times as you stated and I would hope knew it was a Soul Food place... Therefore alot of fried food. They don't offer smothered there either. If you don't like it, don't go... They didn't force you to order fattening item's feel your review was not accurate. Anyway, we went on Saturday Oct 8th. Being a girl from the South I am always on the look out for good Southern/Soul food places everywhere. There are not too many in the Phoenix area. "Mo" took our order and recommended some items for me. He was nice and very helpful. We also met the owner "Papa Joe" who was very nice and very appreciative of our patronage. I ordered the pulled brisket sandwich, mac and cheese, greens, corn bread and sweet potato pie. The sandwich reminded me of Texas style BBQ. The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. The greens were seasoned and delicious as well. The corn bread and desert was also equally pleasing. My boyfriend ordered the ribs, fried okra, jalapeno hush puppies. The sauce on the ribs was tasty and have black pepper in the sauce, the ribs fell apart they were so tender. The okra was not too breaded and was cooked perfect. The hush puppies were great and not spicy hot like one might think. Over all we will go back, it was great food and the staff were nice to us. I do recommend checking this place out if you want a little soul in your hole.....
2	I picked up some food from Papa Joe's on a Friday night to take home for dinner.  My husband loves ribs...but they were out of ribs so I got him a pulled pork sandwich.  AI ordered the cod and lots of side dishes.  The cod tasted like the oil to cook it was old.  The onion rings and shrimp all had that same old oil taste.  The pulled pork was OK.  The only really tasty item was the coleslaw.  I was so disappointed with this place and won't be going back again.
5	WOW!...was my first word that came flying out of my mouth..when I walked into Papa Joe's Fish n Que! The homey restaurant is immaculate..and very nicely decorated. Has a warm and nice touch and flare for New Orleans decor. Being a BAMA girl..I love my fried catfish and shrimp..so that is what I tried. After talking to Janet ( her family owns & works Papa Joe's) she told me the catfish is fresh and hand seasoned (to perfection, I might add) They have several catfish and shrimp options...I went with the 3 piece Catfish w/ 4 fried shrimp...it normally comes with french fries, but Janet said I could have my choice of a side instead. Which I opted for because my mouth was already watering for the mac and cheese...I also added a side of turnip greens and a slice of pecan pie. What is really a nice surprise..the cold drink comes with the combo meal..and they threw in a free piece of cornbread, wrapped in a cupcake wrapper. OK...I rolled up my sleeves and dug in!! OH LAWD...the catfish is to die for...perfectly seasoned and fried...3 huge whole catfish fillets, (no half fillets here) Dang! it was so delicious...I had to stop myself from eating the last fillet..cuz, I wanted some for dinner later. The shrimp is just as great..steaming hot and perfectly cooked! The mac n cheese is creamy and cheesy and heart stoppingly addictive..not overcooked and bland. My turnip greens were just glistening in their pot likkor, to which i let my cornbread sop up that delicious elixir..and then when no one was looking..I picked up the bowl and drank with delight the yummy pot likkor from the greens!! I could not stop smiling..while eating my gastronomic delight...it just made me so happy. I just had to meet Rodney (he's Janet's son and was in the front making some fries) and Papa Joe.. ( the owner and names sake) was very friendly..to tell them how delicious their labor of love was!! A very nice, warm and friendly family...where you can tell they put their heart and SOUL..into this wonderful little gem of a Fish n Que joint! I highly recommend the catfish, shrimp, greens, mac n cheese, and pecan pie!! i didn't have my glasses with me..so I couldn't read the full menu..BUT..I know they have some wonderful  BBQ...and maybe next time (if I can get passed that catfish) I will try some of their BBQ'd items! Definitely 2 THUMBS UP and a 5 star review from this satisfied localvor (local) eater!! I will be blogging on my Face book page and sharing Papa Joe's Fish n Que Restaurant!P.s. I only came to know about this gem..through the Living Social Coupon...and I'm so glad I did!! You won't be disappointed!! I"m glad I bought 2 of those Living Social Coupons..I will Definitely be back for more!! Thank you!  EAT LOCAL!!!
4	MMM MMM MMM that's what I said as I salmmed down my fried whitting, collards and cornbread. Freshly cooked too order so expect to wait. What a gr* spot for soul food. Price ranges from 7-9 bux and you get 2 pcs of fried fish and 2 pcs of shrimp with most fish combos. Delish. Check it out!
2	The last time I went there, and it is the last time, the food was not good at all. overcooked and the spice hand fell hard on the okra and catfish. I ordered no spice and got lots of spice. After I paid for my order, which was an order for 3 people, the owner said to me, my wife didn't charge you for some stuff. I've told her to write so I can read it. OK, rude! Suck it up and deal with your wife. I used to go there a lot and have sent a lot of business there but I feel that this is a business that has plummeted to poor, very poor in service and quality.  I have found MUCH BETTER downtown.
5	Catfish. I now love catfish. HOLY CRAP do I love catfish!
4	Let's just say... When living social came out with coupons, I bought 4. I get the spicy catfish every time and the jalapeno hush puppies are very good. Its another small business that you guys can support and feel good about because they deserve the business.If you eat there, you will probably smell like the food they make. It used to be a Quiznos so the atmosphere could put some people off. Just order it to go and you will not be disappointed.
2	I have had better in many ways. But where do I start.It took about 20 min to get our order. Not exactly a speedy lunch.My $2 side of jalepno hushpuppies was very small consisting of 5 of them about the size of tatertots.My whiting sandwich was just once price of fish where breading on t e bottom was soggy and a lackluster bun for $4.Tartar sauce is rationed in small little cups.The Ambiance is also lacking in this former quiznos, the floor still sports a Q, most of the burned out light bulbs have yet to be replaced and the Oder of something permeated my clothing.Slow service, bad prices and medicore food, I just don't get it.
5	I will try catfish and southern food where ever I can find it and I had a Livingsocial for this place so even though it was out of my way I decided to try it. I don't like spicy anything but I have to say that I also thought this was the best catfish I've had. So much so that I had to go back and make sure I didn't think it was so good only because I was hungry. It was just as good the second time. This time I decided to try some of the sides. The mac and cheese was just okay, I've had better. The greens were just too bitter for me. I couldn't finish them. But I will definitely be back for catfish and try the BBQ next time. Very friendly people working there.
1	That's what it'll be I said to myself as I drove the 20 miles down to the Doctors office from NW Phoenix, Papa Joe's Fish and 'Cue!  I had read the Yelp reviews and had wanted to go for weeks now.  So on the way back from sitting for 30 minutes in an MRI tube, I stopped at what I was sure was going to be a grand slam.  Kind of a rough part of Bethany Home Road but I figured it should be ok and it was, don't let it scare you off.  Walked in and the place was full of people but no one had any food in front of them and since it was nearly 1 PM, I figured everyone is already done with lunch (wrong).  Ordered the brisket sandwich and two sides for around $6.50, reasonable enough and even comes with a drink.  I was order #17.  I waited for my to-go order by the side counter.  After about 10 minutes they called #10 and that was my first red flag.  I thought this could be awhile.  Sure enough a few minutes later they called #11, then #13.  Twenty minutes in they called #8 and it was pretty obvious they lacked institutional restaurant control.  One of the patrons walked up to the counter and asked for his money back, that he couldn't wait anymore.  I asked how long he had been waiting and he said an hour and a half.  At 35 minutes and really late for work I asked for my money back and they said it was coming right out.  Oops, turns out #14 was coming out not #17.  At that point I just walked out with the nice lady behind the counter telling me she would give me my money back.  I just kept walking and will dispute the charge later with AmEx.  They seemed like really nice people, the place was clean, and (supposedly) the food is good.   The questions you have to ask yourself is, "Do I feel lucky?" and "Do I have the disposable time to wait up to 90 minutes for BBQ" -especially when Bobby-Q's is a mile up the road and I can get my meal in under 5 minutes.  Very disappointing.
4	Papa Joe's is an excellent restaurant if you're looking for delicious fried fish.  If you're interested in ambiance, service, or frills, you should stay away.The catfish sandwich is a great deal ($3.89).  The fish was well breaded and crispy (not soggy or oily).  The absolutely best thing on the menu is the fried Okra.  Even if you don't generally like okra, you should give it a try.  The breading they use is spicy and fantastic!I think they close at 7 PM, so don't try to come for dinner!
5	Papa Joe's makes catfish the way it should be made - non-fishy, non-greasy, with a perfectly seasoned and light crust.  Good greens, good mac 'n' cheese, great jalapeno hushpuppies.  If you want catfish - this is certainly the spot to be.I also tried a bite of the pulled pork which I thought was passable (the vinegar based bbq sauce was, however, marvelous) but not anywhere in the same league as the catfish.
5	My hubby and I just had lunch at papa'Joe's. YUM to the 10th power! Marc had a burger( like always) he loved it. I had two piece cod and 3 shrimp. The Cod was better than i've ever had. How do I know? I used hardly any tarter and I ALWAYS use a ton of tarter. They were just so delish!  Two friendly guys working there. Next time- 3pc cod:) and I want to try the macNcheese.
5	Best fish and chips ever, agree with other reviews, service is great.
5	Hubby and I stopped for a late lunch at Papa Joe's.  We both ordered the two piece catfish with three fried shrimp.  He got spicy, I did not.  He got fries, I got Mac n cheese.  The food was SO good and there was plenty of it.  The catfish was perfectly cooked, not too greasy, and seasoned to perfection.  All for under $20 ( which included drinks).The service is very friendly and the place is clean.  We will DEFINITELY be back!!
4	Great place, kinda a hole in the wall. Got the fried catfish, came with a couple shrimp, and mac n cheese...all was very good.  They do things right here. You can tell when you walk in the door because they are selling plenty of seafood and they are frying most of their menu but you do not smell fish and you do not smell oil. I thought it was a bit pricey at first but definitely worth the money for what you get. Well done!
5	This place is a little hole in the wall. Very cute and quaint. Reasonably priced, I got the catfish and two shrimp combo came with a side I got fries and then I added a order of jalapeno hush puppies and a drink for 8.50. It was very yummy, I got the spicy and it just gave it a little extra taste. Would love to try more items. Well be back again. The gentleman at the counter who I believe was the owner was very pleasant.
5	This was my first trip here after having look around for good southern food. I'm a fried catfish fanatic and I came especially to try it out and it was some of the best I've eaten. I got the 3 piece catfish with 4 shrimp meal with fried okra. I opted for the spicy version and it was just the right amount of spice.. Not too hot but just enough to taste.  Lightly battered with cornmeal and amazingly good. The shrimp were good but nothing compared to the fish and okra.  Now for the okra..OMG..lightly battered with great mix of seasoning made this some of the best I've had. Portions are large..I had one piece of fish leftover. There is also a lot of BBQ dishes and countless other options and sides. The guy who took our order which I'm assuming would have been the owner was super friendly and very enthusiastic about food. Very reasonable prices with a casual atmosphere. A great little find and I will definitely visit here many times in the future.
4	Catfish and Okra are the stars of this show.The fries, potato salad, and the chicken strips were run-of-the-mill.But the catfish (I tried only the spicy) was OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS.Okra breading was not thick at ALL, which allows you to taste not only the fried breading but also the taste of the okra itself, which is a rare combination.I love this place, and if you enjoy spicy food and fried catfish, hit this spot - you won't be disappointed.
5	Came back again because I enjoyed it so much last time. I got the spicy catfish again because its so good but so many other things I want to try. I did try the sweet potato pie this time and loved it. Never had it before but love it more than pumpkin pie now. Can't beat the price of this place. Will be back hope I can pry myself into trying something else but not sure love that catfish and I'm not even a person who eats fish much.
4	I would definitely eat here again.  The owner, Papa Joe & his wife are very nice & friendly.  Papa Joe came out of the kitchen & chatted with the customers.  His wife makes the best peach cobbler I have had since living in Arizona.  Great atmosphere & eating environment.
5	Oh, yeah, this is the good stuff!! Best catfish in town!!
4	Pretty good place..alwyas clean and orderly. Always met with a smile and with courtesy. The first time i had the hot link sandwich, which was good but the sauce was more of a wing sauce that what i like on my hot link sandwiches. The second time i got the whole wing special, which was good, but i forgot to ask them to dip them in wing sauce.
3	Wanted to try southern food this week so I decided to make my way to Papa Joe's Fish N Que. Upon entering I noticed that the design of the restaurant was pretty neat. I had trouble finding out where the menu was at first, found it was posted near the door, which I thought was an odd choice. Finally settled with something simple. Catfish with fries and fried shrimp, spicy. Placed my order...waited...waited...waited. For only one other group of people it took about 20 minutes to finally get my food. For somewhere with an emphasis on lunch hours, it sure took awhile. Sat down and started on my meal. Catfish was buried under all my fries so I felt compelled to eat most of the fries first. Personally, I found them bland. It's possible that other people prefer fries this way, but I just found it tasteless. Went for the fried shrimp. Pretty good especially dipped in the cocktail sauce. Lastly, had the catfish which was good. Was juicy and cooked well. Fell apart on my fork which increased the difficulty in eating. Also, I noticed nothing spicy about the catfish. Bummer. I love seafood but I've had better, way better, but I'm guessing for the price it makes sense. All in all it was...ok. I was really underwhelmed especially after reading all the rave reviews. Of course I'm basing this off one item on menu but that's the experience I had. I just feel there is nothing at this particular place that is unique or above and beyond anywhere else with similar food and style. Not bad, but I probably wouldn't come back.
3	First time visit. Interior is plain and old, but clean. Service is mediocre at best and it does take quite a while to get your food after ordering. I had the catfish and shrimp basket with mac n cheese. Food was fresh and hot. Not bad overall, but a little pricey for what you get. Doubt I will return.
5	Our first visit won't be our last!  This place is GOOD!  Had catfish & white fish. which were excellent!  Definitely will return to try more! The Okra and coleslaw were equally as good! This place seemed to have lots of regular customers, which says a lot about a place.  :-)   We'll be regulars soon and we're bringing mom with us!
5	Now this is what 5-stars food is like. Its so so so good. I often get the 2 cat fish combo with shrimp and huskpuppies. Man. the white sauce, i think hoisomething...Again not very healthy food but you know...you might die the next day so whatever.
5	Well if you're reading this you must care about what your dining on right? We just had the best fish in 35 years in the valley, tops Papadeaux's and all of the high-end Scottsdillian aquatic eateries and it's on 20th ave and Bethany Home !, been there for 5.5 years, Mom and Pop place,great pricing and service, but all the food ,cod ,catfish and the shrimp tasted like it was just caught and cooked up just for you to enjoy. Papa Joe's Fish-n Que 2019 W. Bethany Home Rd.602-973-7003 If it's too far, or any other reason you wont go, your going to miss a real treat, Phoenix is  very lucky to have them here. The reviews I write seem to be well recieved ,I can be trusted to tell it like it is ,no holds barred, food is VERY important to me.
5	I'm a Seattlite (yes, that's really what we call ourselves) who has lived in Arizona for 12 years, searching for good fish and chips.  I finally found the place.  Papa Joe's catfish hit the mark: fresh, flaky, lightly breaded with a bit of spice in the mix, and perfectly cooked.  I'm sooo happy to have found this place.  It is definitely more of a southern type of joint than typical northwestern fish and chips with clam chowder and beer batter.  Papa Joe's instead offers a variety of comfort food sides including sweet potato tots, Mac and cheese, or fried okra. No chowder. They do have a full BBQ menu too, which we didn't try.  3 of us ate well for under $25.  We will definitely go back.
5	I was in the mood for seafood and my wife wanted to stay home and order in for herself so I was going to take the kids to dinner. I looked on Google maps for seafood near our address and found Papa Joe's.  When I started reading the menu to my wife she was ready to go out as well! It's not a seafood resaurant, more like comfort & soul food.  Catfish, chicken wings, cod, whitefish, pulled chicken, desserts, greens, cornbread, hamburgers, ribs, and more! We came in and felt like we stepped into someone's pride and joy.  Joe was smiling as was his wife.  His welcome was warm and hearty. We ordered a multitude of items and sat down in the back near the TV and watched the Eagles vs Redskins game while talking and enjoying the calm and relaxed feeling in the place.  It kind of felt like we were at a family member's house, that's how comfortable it was.  It was a nice feeling at a restaurant. Not too many places have that nowadays.  We got our food and dug right in. Let me tell you, ALL of us thoroughly enjoyed everything! The catfish was perfect! The cornbread was not dry at all, it was delicious and moist! The macaroni is my 7 year old daughter's favorite and she is picky about it. Her favorite before Papa Joe's was the macaroni at Rainforest Cafe and Denny's. Not anymore!  Now it's Papa Joe's! My son said the Hot Wings were WAY better than the wings at Wing Street over at the Christown mall.  I had catfish as well with the shrimp. Superb! And we all had dessert, and my wife and I have never ever tasted better peach cobbler or pecan pie! Joe said his wife does most of the cooking and dang does she know how to cook! This place is a hidden gem in Phoenix and it is now one of our favorite places to eat!
5	Delicious fish, fried okra is perfect.  Very friendly and fast service.
5	Some of the Best tasting Catfish that I've eaten out here in PHX. Reminds of what I used to get back home in East Texas. Turns out that most of Papa Joe's family are from Texas and they brought back those great tasting flavors to AZ. Nice!Love their simple menu of tasty treats. Catfish, Cod, and Whiting are all available in both regular or spicy. They have Shrimp, Hot Wings, Chicken Strips, BBQ Brisket, BBQ Pork, Ribs, Hot Links as well as Burgers and then some. The choices of sides are also a bonus and include items like Collard Greens, fried Okra, Potato Salad, Cole Slaw, Jalapeno Hush Puppies, Mac & Cheese, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato Tater Tots, Beans ... too many to list them all.Normally get the 3 pc Spicy Catfish with 4 Shrimp and a side of whatever with a giant Grape Drink. Boy that brings back the memories. My wife usually gets the Cod and Shrimp Basket with a side. I have not tried the BBQ yet but definitely have it on my radar for next time.Papa Joe and his crew are extremely friendly and most helpful. Everything is very good and you can tell they put a lot of Love and Soul into their food. Don't forget a little Granny Ann's Sweet Potato Pie, Peach Cobbler, Cheese Cake, or Pecan Pie to finish off your meal.Give Papa Joe a shout out and you will be pleased. Located in a small strip shop on the south side of Bethany and not in the hospital across street like the Yelp map suggest. TOUCHDOWN!5 STARS
5	What - you want fried fish - COME HERE!!!  Cannot tell you how friggen good this fish is. Their menu has different kinds of you can choose from like whiting, cod, catfish and each order comes with 2 fried shrimp.  The fried is lightly breaded & crispy fried - not heavy drowned in batter fried. Food is reasonably priced and the folks there are super nice.  Support the locals and visit if you are in the mood for fried fish or even wings cause they got them too!!  Much love to Papa Joe's!
5	My first time here... looks like a real "dive" Smells of fried fish! Packed for lunch with locals. Ordered pulled Pork Sandwich with 2 sides (Fried Okra & Jalapeno Hushpuppies) & drink of your choice... Total $6.97! The Cashier calls out your number... there are no waiters etc.  the food was delicious!
5	First visit. I ordered the cod and shrimp basket with fries. It came with two pieces of cod and three shrimp. Just over nine dollars without a drink. Food was made fresh, about a ten minute wait. Fish was moist and flaky, batter was perfect, crispy, little bite of black pepper, and not too oily. Only thing missing was a cold, English ale. Worth stopping in.
3	Spicy Catfish was good. I tried the fried okra and although it wasn't bad I won't be going for that side again. Just not my thing. Staff was a bit distant but that may be due to just finishing the lunch rush. It's hard to find good catfish in Phoenix so I will be giving Papa Joe's another shot.
4	Wow, I totally would not have come here if it weren't for Yelp. My dentist is right across the street and my appt. ended right around dinner time so we decided to come here. My fiance got the wings and onion rings, I got the catfish with shrimp and fried okra, and we got a peach cobbler and sweet potato pie to go. Everything was good, and not too heavy or greasy. I wasn't a fan of the peach cobbler, I wonder if they used canned peaches bc something didn't taste right, can't pin point what. Sweet potato pie was good though! Owner is friendly, lot of locals seem to frequent this place and it looks like he is on a first name basis with them; always a good sign.Can't wait to return and try more items off their menu!
5	The best soul food restaurant Phoenix has to offer. The staff here is just awesome I had the spicy catfish and BBQ ribs dinner.
5	Grew up here and this is the best catfish ever. The shrimp tasted fresh and the breading was perfect, too.  I tried the regular not spicy, but it was perfect.  Shared with three people so we tried most of the sides and they were all delicious.  The dessert was great too!  Lived here for 60 years and did not know about this place until Yelp.
4	I really wasn't in the mood for some fast food so we quickly Yelped a fish place this restaurant came up nice little establishment I ordered the cod spicy with some shrimp took a few minutes as they prepped it fresh was nice and hot, tasted pretty damn good along w a splash of lemon , unlimited drinks at the soda fountain, I will com back to try the catfish n whiting fish next time
5	I've come  to notice that the places with the best god are the little hole in the wall spots. My biz partner and I lucked up when we yelped this place to eat before we hit the road for a 6 hr trip. As soon as we walked in a older, heavy set African American man was sitting behind the counter. He appeared to be chewing something in his mouth and had that cliche southern style look. I loved it, we ordered the catfish and cod with fried shrimp on side. I must say they were delicious. Good service with good food always speaks volumes in my book.  I'm not sure if the fried fish cooked by African American people was so good because they're great cold or because I'm biased because it's Black history month. Never the less, two thumbs up.
1	Called for five minutes to place a take-out order they would not pick up the phone that's lousy service
3	Was great food. loved the fried fish and Okra. The staff very friendly. My only problem was, I was the only white person in the place. The two young African American sitting next to me, were saying unbelievable racist rants about white people , not to themselves but very loud so I could hear it. The whole place heard it. No management intervened. Made me very uncomfortable and I will not go back.
4	If your looking for some good tasting fried catfish come to this place. I had the catfish and shrimp basket.  The portion size of the catfish was big sized.  I also had the peach cobbler to go, it was tasty. I'm most definitely going back and trying other things.
5	Fresh fish and great prices. Had the catfish and onion rings, both amazing.The service was quick and you can tell it is a family owned restaurant, very polite.
5	I had the catfish and okra it was cooked to perfection light crisp batter, My wife had the cod and french fries it was also cooked perfect not greasy and not a heavy batter we had the two piece fish which also came with 3 shrimp we will be back
5	My husband and I just had their cod fish and chips with shrimp and it was easily the best we've ever had. The owners were very friendly and still served us even though it was after 7:30 pm and they close at 8. We will make the 45 minute drive every time we want fish and chips for as long as we live in AZ.
4	A few people had been telling me about this place for a while and had been wanting to try it. Happened to be in the area with my family and had to see what it do. Ordered the 2 piece catfish with shrimp for my wife, 3 piece ribs for myself and a 2 piece ribs for my kids. The catfish was perfectly seasoned. I'm normally skeptical about ordering ribs anywhere I go due to the lack of meat on the bones. Wasn't disappointed there. And they were cooked to perfection. Very juicy and the meat came off the bone with ease. Portions weren't bad as well. I could've eaten more but I'm a big dude at 6'9". The sides we chose were cornbread, greens, potato salad and Mac n cheese. I went on a limb and tried the greens n Mac n cheese because I heard they were good but...I like mine better lol. Definitely a place I'll revisit again but for different sides.Enjoy!!
5	All the reviews you read and see are pretty much spot on. I've been doing a tour of local fried fish spots here in town and there was no point in trying anywhere else when I ate at Papa Joe's. The fish is perfectly cooked and seasoned. The prices are great. The sides are incredible (especially the fried okra). I've only had the bbq pulled pork sandwhich but the bbq is very solid as well. Go to Joe's, the best fried fish spot in Phx.
5	Food was great,and it's a clean environment. The smooth jazz and classic funk helps digest the food,I think? All in all a great experience
4	The folks who run this place are really sweet! I tried the fried shrimp and mac and cheese first visit. Shrimp was crunchy and just spicy enough. Mac and cheese was yummy gooey and creamy. I could see the real cheddar in there!Second trip I tried the brisket sandwich, fried okra, and cornbread. Very generous pile of tender brisket was great, but I am not a huge fan of the vinegary bbq sauce. Just a personal preference, but I prefer it sweeter. Fans of the sassy vinegar bbq will probably love it. I love that the fried okra was a bit spicy; nice touch. Next time I will request it extra crispy. The bits that were a bit burned tasted heavenly. Cornbread was perfectly sweet, fluffy, moist and corny.Washed down with their delicious lemonade. I will definitely be back to sample other menu items. I love that its a mom and pop as I like to support local businesses especially when they go out of their way to make you feel welcome!
5	They put the sole in soul food!Walk in and ask"What should I order?" It's one of those places where if you follow directions you just can't go wrong. Undeniably damn good food! Had the hot fish with butterfly shrimp and a side of potato salad just like the man recommended and was plain ole floored.
4	Thanks to Yelpers, I found a great place again. I was just driving through Phoenix on a long trip form Texas to California and I needed a place to get dinner after 9 hours of driving. I had a hankering for BBQ. When I saw that they had fish and BBQ, it peaked my interest. After a 6 mile drive from the hotel, I found the location and it looked nice from the outside. The construction on the street almost made me merge to the left which would be the wrong side.Anyhow, as I walked in and saw the ordering counter on the left, I was greeted (by Joe?) and asked what I wanted. I wanted to try the Spicy cod and I wanted ribs. He recommended the Fish and Shrimp plate and I could get ribs for $2 each. So that's what I did. He asked if I wanted fries and I asked what he would recommend. He said the okra. Okra it is!As I waited, I noticed the inside was cozy and kept nice and clean. There's a drink bar where you can get anything you want and the food prep happened right across the room. While trying to move into a position to see the TV better, I spilled my tea. Joe was more than gracious and came over to clean it up with out incident. I tried the tea and the lemonade. I like it when a BBQ place lets you get all the drink you want. That's the way it should be!When my food came, I wasn't disappointed. There were 2 pieces of cod, 3 shrimp and okra. There was also some cocktail sauce and 3 packets of tartar. As for the ribs, they were nice and big, probably 7-8 inches each. They were covered in a delicious sauce. Both had some spicy pickled peppers as well. The Fish was nice and thick at about 1 inch! It was cooked very well and the batter was light. I ordered the spicy, but it wasn't too spicy for me. That was fixed with some hot sauce. The shrimp were good, about average. The okra was seasoned very well. I didn't need to dip it in anything. The ribs were delicious. Nice and meaty and a good smoky taste. I really liked the sauce as well. It had a great mix of spicy sweet and accented the ribs quite well. So the entire bill was about $15.00. Recall I ordered a combination and the extra ribs. It's not a bad deal at all considering the amount and quality if the food and the fact that it also included a drink. I can highly recommend this place. Yum.
5	Papa Joe's is my absolute favorite fish place in Phoenix.  The food is incredible!!
3	After all the good reviews I read for Papa Joe's, I was really looking forward to some fried catfish and fried okra. I was disappointed. The fish was rubbery, as was the fried okra.  The peach cobbler was in a little container and was cold. I won't be back again.
5	Try the Hot Link sandwich.  It is spicy and they put a burn on it.  The fish is always good and Paja Joe and the family are nice.
5	I ordered fish and chips with a side of shrimp. The cat fish was cooked amazing! The food was delicious, not greasy at all and I even liked the fries.The shrimp was also perfectly cooked too. Definitely a place to stop by and enjoy the food. Thanks yelpers for letting me know about this place!
3	Good news:  cod and mac & cheese hits the spot. Food was hot and service very quick.  Bad news: okra was thick and tough, potatoes in salad were undercooked.  Tips:  Fix ventilation system so smoke is exhausted to outside.  Play some R&B music.I will definitely give this place another try because I like the soulful, homey atmosphere..
4	MY TIP: "We ordered the spicy catfish and the regular whiting...OMG the whiting!!!"Found this place on Yelp, surprised we hadn't seen it earlier, and wanted something different. We felt like having seafood but really don't like the overpriced chain seafood restaurants (Red Lobster, Pappadeaux's) that are never as good as they show or charge. Anyway, found this place and it had great reviews - must be good. And yeah, not disappointed. We usually order directly from Yelp photos, so we really already knew what we wanted but were surprised at how much was on the menu. One Catfish combo  (Joe recommend spicy) and a Whiting combo (regular batter). We got various sides to share and try. I would have to say, I wasn't impressed by the sides, but they were good. Just your good ol' average comfort-food sides, but the real star was the battered fish. I love catfish - so I always order it, but I wasn't as in love this time. It was good, didn't have as much flavor for me, so maybe I will try the regular batter next time. But the whiting - I would order that again. I don't know if it was the batter or what, tasted almost like lemon pepper, that was delish! Portions were plenty - I was kind of happy my boyfriend couldn't eat all of his and I finished his Whiting (oink oink). Overall we enjoyed our meal and we will definitely be back. The restaurant was comfortable, overall pretty clean, wasn't too crowded, there was a TV with Family Feud playing so we were all guessing along, and service was decent. That's what I have to say about it.
5	Extremely good food!!!  Huge selection and huge plates of food!!!  Nice value for great food!
1	Worse soul food I ever had. Waited 45 for a take out order. Ordered spicy fish tasted like plain cornbread. Hush puppies were not cooked all the way. Got the mac and cheese /Mac and cheese smelled horrible and  Tasted  just as horrible. Cheapest fries u can buy. Oh and the shrimp. Its that crap u get in the freezer section at your local grocery store. I want my husband's money back but it too far to drive
5	Every time we visit Phoenix, we try some new food places...it's always a shot in the dark except for Yelp reviews. This evening, after a 475 mile drive from Santa Fe, we tried PaPa Joe's. PaPa Joe's is on a major East/West street not too far northwest of the central downtown area...about a 10 minute drive from 3rd and Thomas in moderate traffic.The restaurant is in a small strip center that is loaded with active small businesses. The neighborhood is busy light commercial. Parking could have been a challenge but not this time, I pulled into the lot and had a spot immediately right at the restaurant entrance. Easy access.The place is friendly, easy going, clean and neat. The menu is on the wall and includes a large variety of BBQ meats, fish and shrimp as well as a good selection of side dishes. It's order at the register, serve yourself when your number is called and bus it afterwards. The menu is also available on line and includes items not mentioned here...we were after BBQ and catfish. Comfortable setting.With the idea of sharing our meals, she ordered a three rib combo with two sides while I had a two piece catfish combo with three shrimp and a side. My side was fried okra and hers were greens and sweet potatoes...There was plenty of food. We each had iced tea to drink. Less than five minutes after ordering, our food was out of the kitchen. It was presented in styro carry out boxes. The catfish was almost too hot to eat, crispy on the outside, moist and steamy on the inside. The fried okra was pretty typical of commercial fried okra and was tasty and hot. Her ribs were Kansas City style, quite large and meaty, tender and well cooked, the greens were home style, hot, tender and tasty...soft but not overcooked. The sweet potatoes were like Tater Tots, but as the rest, hot, tasty and cooked just right. Joe's BBQ sauce is a good combo of sweet and spicy unlike many that are poorly balanced and detract from the meat by overpowering it. There was plenty of sauce with the ribs but not too much. Good food, good portions.While we were waiting for our food, I struck up a conversation with a fellow watching football on the wall mounted TV. It was PaPa Joe. He's a personable fellow but after a brief chat, had to get back to the kitchen...I wanted to talk some more but they were busy with the Saturday evening procession of carry out and eat in diners. Friendly.$19.80 out the door...I did leave a tip in addition. In my opinion, a bargain given the good food, friendly atmosphere and fast service. I would go back and I would recommend it to a friend.
5	I love fish and this place was recommended and great recommendation.  I had the catfish and shrimp which was cooked to order and was delicious.  The catfish was seasoned well and nice and crispy.  The only draw back is that bread, pickle, and onions is not included but paid extra to have with my fish.  Being from the Midwest is how we do it and will be back.
4	The peach cobbler is astounding, ask them to warm it up. I read a few bad reviews of this place so i was nervous to try it. My food took about 5 minutes to come out. I ordered the 2 pc. Catfish/shrimp comes with a side and a drink. The catfish was outstanding. Lightly fried and hot to touch. The mac n cheese was good too, and the lemonade was delicious. I was impressed and i would return.
5	Been coming here for 5 yrs and it has never disappointed. It's family owned and ran and the food is always so darn good! This is my "go-to" place for friends and family if they've never had it before.
4	I had the cajun catfish and fried okra.  The food was hot and fresh.  We ate around noon and there was a steady stream of people that came in as we dined...  It took about 15 minutes to get our food, but we weren't in a hurry.
5	I have been there a couple of times, the food is always very good and lots of it.  I like the two piece cod lunch that includes three shrimp and fries.   Well worth a drive to get there. They also have the normal hamburgers ribs and links.   Give it a try.
5	OMG! What a find. Southern Fried Fish and BBQ just the way I like it. Been meaning to stop by and try this place for almost a year and now I'm kicking myself for not stopping sooner. The catfish was fried and seasoned perfectly in cornmeal. Okra and onion rings were perfect. The only place I can get fish like this at Hush Puppies in Vegas or in LA.
5	I came here based totally on Yelp reviews and really impressed!  I had the original catfish. The fish was hot and fresh and the breading was perfect. Crispy, not hard like at other places in Phoenix. A little stingy with the tartar, though.  The coleslaw was fresh and chilled. Perfect!  For $7, a great lunch.
4	Went here because of Yelp reviews.  I was not disappointed.  The spicy catfish was very good. Not impressed with the french fries. I will go back to try some of the other menu items.Restaurant was clean and the folks there friendly.
4	I have been to Papa Joe's Fish-N-Que only once, so I have only had a few things off of their menu to eat. Having said that, I don't feel that I can give as extensive of a review as I normally would. I got the pulled brisket sandwich, sweet potato tater tots, and jalapeno hushpuppies and everything I put in my mouth was delicious! The atmosphere wasn't that great, but I don't really go to restaurants for the atmosphere (and besides, I got my order to go anyway). I definitely plan on going back as soon as I can (I'm a poor grad student with very little free time) and I plan on ordering something else off of their wonderful-looking menu!
