1	We didn't even stay to eat.  The place has great curb appeal.  That didn't save the trip.1.  Staff was not friendly.  Only two people were on duty.  One was standing behind the counter staring into space or watching TV.  The other was sitting down eating.2.  Doesn't appear to be too clean.3.  Pricey for a little hole-in-the wall place.  Not a sit down restaurant and some of the dishes are $10!4.  They serve "off" food.  Tongue.  Other weird assorted animal parts.We stayed, read the entire menu, and then I whispered, "Olive Garden?" and we left.  Not worth a trip.
4	Food is GREAT! Local business owners who are friendly, know you by name and offer GREAT service. I would recommend the place to anyone I know!
4	Decent Mexican place for lunch.  Flavors are not super memorable but good solid food.  Pork tacos were really good!
4	The best red chile burrito in town (enchilada style). The man who runs the place is a friendly guy who takes care of his customers. The street tacos are really good too. I wish they had more restaurants around the valley.
3	Solid little restaurant for a quick pick me up.  I do not understand the baby tacos that i have been experiencing at a lot of these types of restaurant.  They are literally the size of a dollar and cost 2. The price for what you get IS NOT WORTH IT. I think I said this about another taco place that I experienced.   The taste is great but just not into food that does not feel me up or is not bigger than the palm of my hand.
1	Ordered a super burrito to go, meat was horrible didn't seem fresh at all I think the beans might if been old as well when I saw the burrito It didn't look appealing I knew it was going to dissapoint me, the salsa Verde was watery and had no flavor my wife had 3 tacos Which you can devour in bitterly a bite for like 1.50 asked them.for cheese and didn't get any simply poor Mexican food considering I'm Mexican don't think ill e'er go again they need to step it up.
5	I came here for an entire year before I moved from Phoenix. When I come to visit, this is one of my must stops.I will admit the food is pricy and definitely not affordable, but my point of view is you get what you pay for, so the food better be delicious. And it always has been.I was always satisfied with my orders. Meat is fresh, salsa is perfect, & the service was great. Never had a problem with any staff member.My favorite was California burrito, Taquitos, chilaquiles, & tacos.
1	Ok, so this is right down the road from me, so I thought convenience!  Unfortunately, that did not save this place.1. menu is expensive.2. Food is alright, but not memorable in any way really3. The staff are pretty much worthless.  I went there 3 times... 3 times!  And each time they screwed up the order.  The girlfriend is vegitarian, and of course they still put meat in it, so she couldnt eat her dinner.  Then when we told them about this, they just said sorry and thats it.  The next time we went back we ordered churros, didnt get them, but they didnt forget to bill us!  Of course, when we called they said "ohh well come back and you can have them.  Yes I get that, I paid for them, but lets not go out of our way and go above and beyond... lets just make me waste my time and gas for your screw up... and then there was another time they screwed it up.So we have a rule.. 3 strikes and your out!  Would not recommend this place...
2	Been here about five times since moving to the area, food is okay but too expensive for what you get.lots of better Mexican restaurants around Phoenix.
5	This is the FIRST place I think of going to EVERY TIME I feel like going out to eat! NO MSGs! Love the food and the service! I have my work related lunch meetings here and it is always a HIT! Love the BIG burritos!
3	Had the Street Tacos. They were way too small, not enough meat. The tacos were more tortilla then anything else. They get 3 stars for good service.
4	Small place but great street tacos! Friendly staff, come check them out.
1	Food does not taste good.  The food is boring and bland.  I regretted eating there the moment I tasted the food.  I will stick with the other Mexican food place down the street which is cheaper and the food tastes better!
2	It's not the worst food.... The shrimp cocktail had 4 shrimp thats $1.25 per shrimp, 1/4 of an avocado and a few pieces of chopped onion... I'm not sure what the other dishes are like, but don't order this one....
4	Good Breakfast Place.  And only 1.3 miles from my office even better!
2	I like the breakfast potato and egg burrito, buts that's about it. We have been here a couple of times but have not been impressed. The huevos rancheros are a joke, the tortilla is supposed to be fried like a tostada, it's not supposed to be a plain tortilla.  The burrito de cabeza were so darned greasy that they made my husband sick, the grease would drip from it. The chile rellenos Are ridiculously expensive as well as the rest of the menu. Do yourself a favor and head down to the filibertos in front of Tolleson highschool for food that is half the price and twice the flavor and quality
