3	Great place for breakfast, although there can be lineups.  Ordered the bacon & egg special and I'll swear I got it faster than it took to cook the eggs.  Breakfast for two was a very reasonable $16 with unlimited coffee.
1	This place was shit. Dry meatloaf and glue for gravy and a side of plastic mash. Veggies were bland and the whole dish was a complete mess.
3	I went there on a last minute decision with my son for breakfast, it was our first time.. It was during the week so wasn't to busy. We both ordered different breakfast wraps and hash home fries came with it.. The wrap was delicious and the service was good, but I did  find it a little pricey for breakfast..
1	Delapetated interior, terribly mediocre food, but the waitress was genuinely friendly and helpful.Also, any breakfast place that has "No Substitutions" on its menu should not be in business.  Two eggs, fries, and some part of a pig that I was not interested in eating was the closest to a breakfast that I can get - I just didn't want flesh on my dish; so I requested an egg instead, pretty standard fare in all breakfast joints I've been to - not at Oscar's. The waitress said, and I quote: "the chef and the owner unanimously agreed that you cannot make this substitution" after what seemed like a 15 minute deliberation in the kitchen.If they knew anything about running a business, they would not be so pig headed about accommodating their customers.Archaic business practices will get you nowhere - good luck with that!
1	If Oscar was a person, i'd slap him in the face.Food is extremely mediocre, but there is always a wait at the door. The service is mind boggling. The servers are glorified food runners who will take a tip. Don't expect a refill on anything you order. Everything is oddly overpriced as well, not sure where they came up with their food costs but its nonsense.I will say that i had eaten here approx. a year ago and had a really great waiter, everything else was terrible but he was nice. I told the manager/owner that despite everything being disgusting the waiter did a great job. He said "good, you can write a review for us or tripadvisor or yelp. right?"so here's your review; I  hate this place so much.
