1	Very, very, very expensive and not flexible in how she works at all. Can not recommend her to anyone. She was referred as one of the top Phoenix wedding photographers and she was not creative or organized (except when it came to getting paid). Was on site for 3 days and was unclear where to take pictures on the third day! Also Begged her to send us additional photos but she refused and tried to blame it all on me  (a very busy bride who hired who she thought was the best so she wouldn't have to be told what to do). As I am a consultant to business on customer services and the like, I was shocked at her refusal to work with us. My opinion? She didn't do her job and couldn't care less about whether her customer was happy or not.
5	Melissa was a dream to work with, professional, timely, and very organized. She captured every emotion of the day for my nerves and angst of getting ready in the makeup chair, to my groom choking back tears while saying his vows, and the happiness and joy of our reception. She captured some intimate photos of us, while also capturing our playful fun side. She had ALL of our photos ready one week after the wedding and showed us some of our favorites the night of our wedding. She is expensive but to me it was worth every penny, not all photographers can capture the moments and emotions like her. She shoots her weddings in a  photojournalistic style, so if you want posed classic unimaginative photos she probably isn't for you. I feel blessed we met her and had the opportunity to work with such a talent.
5	Wow!  I am in love...and I am not just speaking about my husband!  Melissa Jill is amazing!  She was a dream to work with and captured moments from our day that we will be able to treasure forever!The first time that I viewed our photos, I felt so many emotions as the photographs took me right back to particular moments from our day.  After viewing our photos and being so impressed with them, I started to share them with friends and family.  EVERYONE has been looking at Melissa's amazing blog post with our photos and telling us that our pictures look stunning!  From friends on Facebook to people that we see every day at work, they have all sought me out and commented on what an absolutely phenomenal job she did!  I have heard so many comments about how it looks like a beautiful magazine spread and even a comparison to having been photographed by Annie Leibovitz!  So many others have said how even though they couldn't physically be at our wedding, her photos made it seem like they were there and saw/experienced everything!  There have been so many tears of happiness and joy around so many laptops here viewing the blog entries and now our album! My husband and I have been married for about ten days now and we have already been able to show off our beautiful photos on her blog, have our album design layout, and have access to ALL of our proofs!  Melissa is the only photographer that I know of that works this quickly AND is able to provide such high quality and beautiful photos!I knew that when I was researching photographers before my wedding, and started to cry at a complete stranger's wedding photos on Melissa's site, that she was the photographer for us...but she has truly exceeded any/all of my expectations!Thank you, thank you, thank you Melissa!
