5	I recently became a bird mom to my grumpy 24 year old Amazon, Kermit. He has been living with my Grandparents since I moved away from home 13 years ago.  When my Grandmother passed away, he finally came to my house.The owner, Angie, is very knowledgeable,  and you can tell is very passionate about birds. She is full of great advice about your bird.She has an entire wall of toys of every shape and size, and another wall full of food and treats.On top of offering items for exotic birds you can normally only find online, she also offers grooming services.  She trimmed Kermits beak and wings with no stress to him,which is super important to me. In the past, vets have said he needs sedation for trims and she was able to do it without any restraint.  Will be back when his beak and toes are ready to be trimmed.
5	If Angie ever starts serving Margaritas I will never leave the Sly Parrot. Every time I go in there a little birdy takes a bite out of my time. I'm not trying to go all "Single White Female" about it, but I love to go in there and visit Angie and all the birds. Sometimes there are even baby birds to play with. Precious overload!Angie has a great variety of food and toys and I know she will order anything one of my bratty birds demands. We got our best cage (AHEM, I mean... "Conure Apartment") at the Sly Parrot for a great price. Any time I need a referral I know where to get the most rockin' bird advice in Vegas. Angie clips and trims all birds with care, and she is not even scared of the gigantic scary wonder parrots. I leave my spoiled birds there when I go out of town because I know they will be cared for and Angie will put up with all of their... grumpiness.Angie cares about birds, you can tell. That makes a difference in a town full of filthy bird traders trying to turn a profit by selling abused birds. I will go out of my way to purchase from Sly Parrot because I like to support small businesses that do the right thing. I have seen what other bird charlatans in this town have done to birds, so it matters. Aside from that, Angie has better prices anyway because she is not trying to support a drug habit or whatever these other bird people are doing with the outrageous markups.The Sly Parrot doesn't sell birds, but Angie can direct you to someone reputable who will sell you a hand fed baby that will be a great addition to your family instead of making you want to punch a dirty breeder in the face for hurting your bird. When it comes to birds, you want them clean, not mean.Best bird place in Vegas, beaks down. I'll never go anywhere else.
5	Great store with everything you would need for your birdies. The owner is VERY nice and knowledgeable. You can also get wings and nails clipped and they have very affordable boarding.
5	I came in here to buy birdseed and left with seed, laughs and knowledge about birds. This isn't a store where you can purchase birds. However, if you are a loving owner of a bird, this would be the place to board your bird. The owner Angie is the most incredible fun knowledgable person I have met. I enjoyed talking to her more than buying the seeds. I would HIGHLY recommend this place if you have an exotic bird.
5	The Sly Parrot is the Best Place in town for all your Avian friend's needs! They have a Great selection of toys for your exotic parrot, as well as different Foods, Treats and Everything else in-between! The atmosphere is wonderful and friendly! The customer service is amazing and they are so knowledgable. You can get affordable grooming (wings, nails and beaks) done here and they can help with DNA sexing of your precious bird. They also offer boarding which is fantastic. They don't sell parrots but have everything for your birds needs and wants. I shop at the Sly Parrot and Highly recommend the Sly Parrot to everyone who owns a Parrot. :) Sarah & Rocco
