4	I have never been to New York, so I have no idea what a pizza from there should taste like. With that being said, the slice of pie I had from NYP was pretty dam tasty.Thin crust, zesty sauce, tasty toppings, and herbs -- what more could you want?! I was also glad that I ordered some garlic knots, because of the spicy kick, and the delicious dipping sauce they came with.Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back here for sure.
4	I ended up here purely by accident.  But luckily for me, it turned out much better than I was expecting.  I assumed that this would be like the other pizza place in NY-NY and overcharge for a mediocre slice.  Now, while it was more than I'd pay anywhere except the Strip (which everything on the Strip is) the pizza itself was surprisingly good.  Also, totally get some of the garlic knots. They're only 99 cents a piece and they were great.
4	This place has the best pizza on The Strip!Located inside of New York New York, they are also open really late and situated right next to a bar. So its not that tragic they don't sell beer hear. I ordered 2 slices of cheese, grabbed a beer at the bar, and hit the casino, and as I left New York New York, I stopped by and grabbed another slice of the Hawaiian for the walk back to my hotel. Too bad they don't deliver...There are rumors that this place imports water from New York to put into the dough- and if you know anything about pizza, the dough is the foundation for an awesome pie. Who knows if this is true, but its pretty damn good pizza.
4	Deeeeeeeeeeeelicious pizza :)Very yummy, even ate the crust which I normally don't heheThe only thing I didn't like is their customer service.  The ladies that helped me, were a bit rude.......Other then that, a must try place in Vegas :)
4	Good old fashion pizza. Located in the New York New York Hotel. Can't get any better than a NY slice of pizza.  After the clubs, we wanted to get a quick bite. And NY Pizzeria was open. Walk in cafeteria style, tell which pizza you want, grab a drink, pay and go!Find a place to sit outside, which there is plenty of.Pizza tastes so good, so late at night. And it was a nice big slice. The pizza hit the spot.  Check it out when in Vegas!
3	Huh?  What's with all the four star reviews?Wife and I needed a quick snack, and since we were in NYNY, she wondered whether there was any NY style pizza available.  Will this new restaurant shining from the corner of eye, we went in to give it a whirl.Cheese Pizza:  Tasty, but only slightly better than what you get at the local Sbarro's in the malls across America.  Decent support on the crust with a mostly forgettable sauce, covered in a respectable quality cheese that wasn't overly greasy or dripping.Personally, I think the pizza here is okay.  It may get some hard core business for two reasons:  1.  being surrounded by ridiculously priced food in Vegas.  2.  It's open late enough to catch the club crowd post hours looking for a quick bite.Verdict:  This is not worth going out of your way for to try.  It's an okay made pizza that doesn't bust your wallet when you're in Vegas, but can't compare to the $4 slices that are more flavorful and larger that you can in NY proper or Chicago.  I won't be back, solely because I'd rather save my money for another few slot pulls or a higher end meal.
5	My wife and I stopped by here after catching the Zumanity show, and I wasnt sure how good the pizza was going to be.  But, I ordered a slice anyways it was $8.50 for a slice and bottle of water or $6.50 for a slice and a beer.  I ordered the pepperoni, delicious, perfect flavor and consistency.  Unfortunately after consuming this perfect example of what pizza should be, I spent the rest of the trip trying to relive that feeling at different pizza places with much worse results
4	Yummy pizza! We got a large veggie pizza and soda. It was reasonably priced. The crust is not too thick or thin it was just right for my taste and the crust was tasty enough that you wanted to eat it.It is a small place located in the New York New York. We sad outside the little cafe itself and it was fun to watch the crowd go by.Definitely would recommend this place.
5	The pepperoni and garlic knots tasted absolutely AWESOME at 3 am after a night of partying and drinking :) they had a long line and of course it might be because they're one of the few open places at this time, BUT it might also be because its pretty decent food for a fast food joint inside the NYNY hotel.They had your typical pizza by the slice and regular side options you could chose from and it was reasonably priced.So next time if you're tired of all the other fast food places and are around here, try it out ;)
2	OK if you're absolutely desperate.  It was pure grease.
3	Quick, greasy, doughy but cheap and filling. Ok in a pinch but stick with pizza not salad.Antipasto was not antipasto. It was lettuce, shredded cheese, olives, pepperinchinis, and stuck together icky pepperoni.
4	I love pizza. any pizza. Don't take my opinion on it.$5 for slice, and $5 for a draft beer.
3	Although we had a 30 minute wait for our Pizza, the pizza was pretty good and not at all unreasonably priced. It isn't the best pizza by far, but it is tasty and good value. It is conveniently located on the second floor of New York, N.Y. near the escalators.
4	$5 for a slice of pizza. When it's 2 am and you've been drinking all day, it's heaven. Centrally located in New York, New York. It's not worth seeking out but if you happen to be near in the area, it's a good cheap choice.
5	Being from NY, I was going to Grimaldis (outside of Las Vegas) for the best pizza I have had since moving to the west coast. However, I went to this place VERY late at night and ordered a vegetable stromboli. It was absolutely FANTASTIC. Probably the best stromboli I have ever eaten in my life. I haven't tested the pizza so I can't say anything about that but if you are there, give the stromboli a shot! You won't be disappointed!
4	After a night out with friends, I'm pretty sure you could have put dog food in front of me and it would have looked good.  Fortunately for us, we found NY Pizzeria and not Petco!!Located in NY/NY, NY Pizzeria is conveniently located in a major thoroughfare while walking to our next destination.  Lines are long but move along quickly.  Just sharing the lines with all the clubbers was an experience in itself.  Definitely a lot of interesting people out at that time of night.The slices are reasonably priced for Vegas, portions are large and the service is good.  There are quite a few tables located just outside the restaurant but if you're with a big group, expect to eat on the run.Eating pizza after the stroke of midnight is more than likely not a good thing however if you've got those munchies, NY Pizzeria will take care of those for you.
4	The pizza here was surprisingly good for a no-frills cafe tucked in New York New York. Our group had been to Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan the night before, and there was a 5 minute discussion about whether this pizza was possibly better than the wildly popular Secret Pizza. My opinion is that Secret Pizza won out on flavor, but New York Pizzeria had better crust, cheese/sauce/bread balance, and faster service.If you're at the casino and have a hankering for some serious carbs, come to New York Pizzeria!
4	We were here last trip and it was excellent! I was craving for pepperoni pizza when I got back home in CA.This time around, it's still good for it's crisp bottom and pepperoni but wasn't as excellent as I remembered. I came by again the next day just in case it was just a bad pizza day, but nope, it was the same. quality wasn't as excellent as it was a few months ago.Don't get me wrong, I will still eat here if I'm in NYNY but I won't come here just for it.I don't think this place is cheap, so I can't give it 1 $ sign, I gave it 2 $ signs as a size is about $7.
5	Pretty much the greatest dough and perfectly sweet tomato sauce I've ever had. I'm absolutely a fan of NY style pizza, and I look forward to having it whenever I go back to vegas!
3	Meh.
4	This pizzeria was good. I could say I've had a tiny bit better but it was satisfying.
2	"So whats the big deal with New York style pizza?"Ok I'm adding to my initial "Tip" because I need to explain myself.I'm not from New York but I've always been told how great NY style pizza is and how I "gotta" try it. It's been said that NY Style pizza has to be eaten "folded" because it's to flexible to hold hence the reason why you can't eat it by holding it "flat." Well I've tasted some really great pizza in my lifetime and this was wasn't on the top of the list, but it wasn't on the absolute bottom either.This pizza was "stiff as cardboard," it was pre made/cooked and then re-heated upon ordering, hence my comment that "Costco is better." My wife cracks up when I use the term "It'll do in a pinch" because that's what this pizza was at that moment - it was "doable in a pinch," sorry to say it won't be my go to when at NY-NY Hotel & Casino.I had 2 slices: 1. cheese & pepperoni.2. canadian bacon, pineapple  & mushroom.Both had decent flavors, but because of the crust it was like eating it on top of a hot-stiff-cracker.  :-(TC
3	Decent pizza for a high price, one slice of mushroom pizza and a side salad $11+ - I used the age-old trick of asking for a cup of water (free).  So I dont think a "$" is right for this place, if you get one item and a regular drink you're easily over $10.They take your item out of the display you ordered it from, put it in the oven to warm it up before handing it to you.The seating area is a fun spot to people-watch.  Open late, which is why we wound up here.
2	This place was recommended to me - "Best Pizza in Las Vegas..." I was told.   So I stopped by around 11:30 at night cause I was HUN-GRY.  Making my way past the kid trying to convince me to go to Coyote Ugly I saw the pizza and it looked and smelled delicious.  Simple order of one slice of pepperoni and a garlic knot, plus a soft drink.  The person I was with ordered a piece of stuffed pizza, a salad, and a soft drink as well.  I can confirm the food is par-baked.  They grabbed it from the tray in the display and popped it in the oven.  Couldn't wait....Well imagine my surprise when that par baked pizza came out of the oven.  The bottom was completely black (the same for the other slice) and the slice tasted like cardboard.  It wasn't the worst pizza I've had, but it certainly wasn't the best.  The knot was exactly as described.  A twisted piece of dough, with a buttery garlic coating.  In fact it tasted just like a knot!So good job New York Pizzeria!  You've eliminated another restaurant for me to eat at in Las Vegas.  I appreciate it and will be happy to not recommend you to others as well.
2	It was aright. Wasn't hot.
3	I had high expectations but it turned out to be just an OK experience. Now mind you I only had the ham and cheese Stromboli and did not go with the pizza option so maybe a slice is what I should of gotten. What I didn't realize is that they have pre-made cold slices and Stromboli and you pick which kind you want and they heat it up in their oven. I am assuming everything is hand-tossed and made there earlier but I just wasn't expecting cold pizza to be reheated. The Stromboli was very cheesy and had good taste, although it turned out to be just too much cheese for me so I did not finish all the way. I think I may of built this place up too much in my head before stopping in since I was expecting a more authentic NYC pizza/Stromboli experience.
4	Not a local. But this was one of the best Pizza I have tried. That will be one of my stops every time I visit LV.  I had a pepperoni and mushroom. The pizaa slice was big center was soft and it had a great crisp on the bottom to top it off. veggie stramboli was cheesy and delicious.
3	A slice of pizza and a soda cost $12!  Crust was hard, pizza was ok.  Reminded me of frozen Totinos pizza.  I would suggest trying Sirrocos on the first floor, closer to NY style pizza.
2	The pizza downstairs was way better. Very greasy and not worth the price that I paid. (3/6/12)
4	NYP's pizza and stromboli are very tasty and fresh. The price is a bit much, but it's more or less what you would expect from a casino.  The seating is specific to the pizzeria, but the overall atmosphere is reminiscent of a food court.
3	Good pizza but a little overpriced. Slices were big thankfully but I don't agree paying $24.54 for two people and that includes water, soda and a roll. Maybe $18-20 is reasonable but almost $25? Come on.
2	The food is solid, but the service is bad.  There was not much of a line, but yet it took sometime just to place our order.  There were plenty of employees working they just seemed to be in no hurry to do anything.  After repeating our order a few times we were confident enough to move on.The person at the register was friendly, but also lacking motivation.  Once again after repeating our order a few times we paid.  The cashier does think to ask if you need a drink, but does nothing after that.  Every person we saw go through had to ask for their drink when they got their food.The wait for your food to heat up is fine.  Once again we repeated our order a few times before eventually leaving with everything we ordered.The food was tasty.  It is not great, but good for its price point.  While the prices are higher, you do get a decent amount for your money.  I had a sausage stromboli.  It had solid flavor.  It seemed quite similar to Sabarro.  I also had a garlic knot.  It was ok.
2	Not sure how we spent $70 on 5 slices of pizza, 3 strombolis and 2 sodas. Pizza was good, but the strombolis were pouring grease.
1	This restaurant is located inside the New York New York Hotel on The Strip. Since all this money was spent on giving you the feeling you are about to have pizza in NYC itself, I assumed that me clearly stating I wanted "New York-style Pizza" was very clear. Not sure what she understood since I received a slice of pizza that looked like a pretzel on the outside with cheese  in the middle. Not sure what this was, I was tired from walking and starving so I just took it. "A New York themed hotel. They must know something I do not," said I to myself. This IS the nastiest slice of pizza I have EVER had in my life. I wanted to complain and return it but, I really just wanted something in my stomach before walking back to my hotel. Moral of the story: If you come here don't just assume. actually look at what is being picked-up to be reheated in the pizza oven. I should have known it being peak time on The Strip in an interesting hotel and I was the only one there ordering a slice of pizza.
4	Overpriced, but what else do you expect in Vegas?We got a specialty buffalo chicken pizza and side Caesar salad for about $10. I think the slice by itself would have been almost $7, so you might as well get the salad if you're splitting the slice.The salad was over-dressinged, but the pizza itself was good. You can probably ask the guy to put less dressing in the salad.Recommended over the pretzel stand across from it, where you see sad, wilted little pretzel pieces (but which smells heavenly). Also, much MUCH better than the pizza place downstairs.
3	We found the pizza very good but too pricey for what they serve. Service was ok but not spectacular. It was convenient because we spent the day at the New York-New York Casino. But there are better and less expensive alternatives for good New York Style Pizza in Las Vegas.
4	The best pizza we enjoyed in Vegas. The white pizza was a beautiful blend of cheeses & had wonderful balance. Much better than the pizza joint downstairs in the casino or in the shopping center across the street down the block. It doesn't compare to what we've had in New York or where we live in Chicago (we're partial) but it was good enough to inhale on an empty, growling stomach.
5	I am very picky about New York style pizza & this was delicious! I had the spinach, mushroom, ricotta. The mushrooms melt in your mouth & it was just the right amount of ricotta. So yummy. I'm surprised they have 3.5 stars. They should definitely be 5 stars for the type of place it is. It's casual, order, pay & eat. But it's so bomb!
3	Not bad pizza but not the best. It's pretty expensive which is understandable since this is the Las Vegas strip but if you need a late night slice of pie it will do the trick. If your looking for something to stand out or taste like a top notch pizza joint you may want to search around a little bit more.
1	Tonight me and my friends had a bad experience now at 3:30 am the pizzeria ready to close and refuse to sell me a pizza the whole pizza, they  even told me they  had  to sell for me only by pieces. The whole pizza costs $ 33, 95 and each piece costs $ 6, instead of selling me a pizza for $ 33,95 them would sell me for $60, so I asked for the manager and he's told me he won't do that because was not fair with another people, so that would be fair with me ??? I think if they can't sale the whole pizza they  should post a list something about that .
5	If you are looking for a quick bite to eat, this is your place. Pizza is always good, and can't beat the price point for being on the strip. I always make it a point to stop by here when in town.
4	Recommended by HRH Staff and specifically Cab Driver to munch on some very good pizza. Slice is large per piece and flavor is phenomenal.  Visit late night when the buzz is killing you too bc it's delish! Staff is friendly and very attentive.  Kudos!
4	This place had a pretty tasty pepperoni Stromboli. My only complaints are that it was left in the oven for quite some time, so the bottom had a burnt taste and the prices were insane.. But I guess that's Vegas for ya.
5	Had to try the pizza to see how close to real NY it is after our disappointing visit at Sirricos. This will be a must on every visit. Excellent flavor and hopefully will stay this way as long as health conscious do gooders don't ruin it looking for healthy  pizza as they have done at Sirricos forcing them to change to low and no fat cheese. Eat salad and not pizza if you want healthful pizza.
5	I loved this place. It was about the only place where you could get a slice of pizza for $5 and feel full when you didn't want to spend the high prices on food in Vegas. I would definitely recommend coming here if you want something quick and cheap.
1	Pizza was good s lil doughy.  Supervisor made a "human error" (she said it not me) by giving my slice to some guys ahead of me.  Free slice (7.00) for a guy equals 10 min wait for my slice again. Tis the season of giving I guess.
