1	As far as I'm concerned all Walmart's are the armpits of the world, and this one might just be the worst. Well I'm sure there's one in the deep south that might be worse, but this place is bad.March 26, 2011, my Aunt goes to this Walmart to buy my mother a birthday present, let's say a "widget" which was something my mother didn't want. Fast forward to June 1, 2011. My mother decided to finally return it. So she gets in her little car and makes the trip out to return it and get herself something else. So I called her the next day and she told me how rude the gentleman at the return counter was, and she started telling me how she waited in line 30 minutes to finally see someone about returning the "WIDGET" and getting a "SCANUTER VALVE" instead, The "Oh so happy to serve you" Walmart return associate looks at the bill and says "You can't return this, it's past 90 days and pushes it back to her and yells "NEXT PLEASE!" Anyone with an elderly mother would do what I did, I went to her place, picked up the "Widget" and her and took her to this "ARMPIT" and I stood in line for twenty three minutes waiting to see this guy who sent my dear elderly mother home without her Scanuter Valve. Low and behold the "MATH WIZARD" who thought June 1 was 90 days from March 26 was working, and my luck was double because I got him.I walked up to the counter and said "she was here last night and she wants to return this" and Mr Wizard retorted "Again, this can't be returned, it's past 90 days" and i said "excuse me but June 25 will be 90 days, go ahead and take off your shoes and count, I'll wait." Well he shot me a dirty look, which I returned and he called the manager over. The manager looked at the receipt and said "It's not 90 days yet, I'm sorry sir, yes you can have your money back."  Well Mr Wizard wasn't a happy Walmart associate but I was very pleased that the manager was at least a high school graduate and could do simple math in his head.What's the lesson here kids? Stay the F&@% out of Walmart.PS Mom got her Scanuter Valve and now she's happy.
1	This Wal Mart stinks!!!! It's dirty, poorly organized, and the shoppers are often jerks.
1	Worst ever..
1	This is like the little Walmart that couldn't.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe this use to be just a Walmart.  They have attempted to make it a Super Center.  What a horribly dumb idea.  If Hoarders were to do a show that concentrated on establishments, I'm fairly sure this location would be one such location.I literally walked around, and around, looking for an item that I passed several times.  Stupid me, I guess the logic of organization I have does not pertain to here.  Plus side here, the sinks work in the men's restroom finally.
