1	I had an awful time living here. I signed a year lease here and it couldn't have ended soon enough. I did not feel safe here. The cops were in the complex at least twice a week and the community is not gated.The residents are rude, don't pick up after their pets, and flood the dumpster areas with trash.The staff is no helpful or competent. They don't take care of things for you.They managed to come up with a bunch of false excuses to withhold my deposit, claiming that it was used up to cover a previously unmentioned "carpet cleaning fee".I will never recommend this place to anybody. Spend alittle more money and go to Andante or Sierra Vista...When I got into my apartment it was filthy. I found rusted screws laying in the carpet. The bathroom was atrocious. The kitchen work was spotty. The only thing that I liked about the apartment was that it was very spacious.The parking situation is a joke if you live anywhere other than the south end of the complex. There is not enough uncovered parking here except for the South area.You will hate living here. This "community" use to be called Broadstone Ahwatukee Fairways. Look up the reviews from that place, they are accurate. I think they changed the name to avoid the poor reviews that they deserved.Thanks.
1	Lived here since 2012 moved in with roommate who lived here since 2011. We have given Rockledge the benefit of being new owners, we did not hold the old company against them (formerly Broadstone Alliance property) Rockledge Fairways is owned by Riverstone. The maintenance workers have always been excellent. The office staff has proven time and time again of being unprofessional. Loosing notes, work orders, sticky notes constantly about service requests or general inquiries. The only manager that was helpful was let go recently. The reasons I would not recommend is the horrible customer service. Last year when we were looking to renew we had to ask for our contract numerous times only to finally have it emailed to us with the wrong apartment number. Since then we put in multiple request to update our cars and license plates which are still wrong.  Requests to replace lights, counter tops peeling, cabinets peeling, dirty carpets after repair work, broken shower controls, broken cabinets, doors falling off the hinges, bathroom rot and mold have gone unanswered. They recently upgraded the Front office and not the staff. When we recently asked about prices and renewal and felt the increase a month was unacceptable we were told very rudely why it is what it is and very defensive. No apology until we asked for one and upon getting our contract after the song and dance and false promises that we have been offered every year, guess what... wrong apartment number again. Don't bother moving in here. Better properties in the area less expensive and you won't have to live in sub par conditions with sub par customer service.
1	This place is a joke the staff all the way to Corprate! They over charge you and the amount of ghetto ass people that live here it's a shame it makes ahwatukee look bad. I am sorry you make $10 a hour and hate your job but be respectful to your tenants
1	After living in these apartments for about 3 weeks, my roommate and I have only been disappointed time and time again. The day we moved in we noticed our dishwasher had standing brown water in it and our dryer does not work at all, which we reported to management immediately. Three weeks later and after multiple calls to the office our dishwasher still has not been fixed and we just keep getting told that parts for our dryer are on the way. There was also an existing bug problem from the previous tenants that has caused us the need to have our entire apartment bombed/ sprayed 4 times now. The office often does not answer our calls and when they do they don't seem to have any answers for us. My roommate's car has now been broken into twice in the past week in the apartment parking lot. Calls to their management company Riverstone Residential Group have also gone unanswered.
1	Wow where do i start? My self, fiance and step daughter moved in here in 2012 in between residences. I like the location, it was decently priced and the complex was great with the old management staff and or investors as Broadstone. I second the notion that this complex got a face lift in order to lure more people in but thats all it was. The staff is very young and unprofessional. I have called many times on the weekend to only get a VM instead of a live person when experiencing an issue that was needing to be addressed. The best visit to the to the office was when I decided to walk to the office and talk to them in person to only find a note on the door stating the sales person was showing a unit and would be back shortly. A professional apartment complex is never short staffed and this one is 100% short staffed all the time. The biggest issue is the amount of parking spaces for the people that live here. My parking spot is taken a minimum 2-3 days a week and I have to go and find the people parked in my spot. I have went as far as going door to door in order to have people move there vehicles. The towing company is useless, the stickers are plastered all over the complex but when you need them to tow a vehicle in your spot that is part of your rent costs, its impossible and not worth the time either. We have encountered everything from parking lot drug deals weekly, a shooting in the parking lot, two violent confrontations over parking spaces being taken etc. Since this complex has changed from Broadstone to Rockledge Fairways it feels like an investors first time at buying a large commercial investment and working out the issues while we as the tenants have to deal with the after effects. If a tenant has an issue and reports it you get it resolved on there watch, but if something happens that management does not agree with, you are threatened with letters of there frustration. The letters them selves are not thought through and I am pretty sure does not come from corporate because they are typed up and signed by the staff in the office which holds no professionalism what so ever. The people that are doing there jobs above and beyond is maintenance, I can't say a bad thing about them. If you have the extra money to check into the more up scale properties in the area  sign the lease and "run". I would "never ever" refer this property to anyone as place to live, once our lease is up, we will look at this as a learning experience and thats it. Do your home work, check the police reports for the area and just ask people in the complex if they like it. Do not get sucked into the more affordable rent and slightly upgraded units because you will be in for a nightmare living at this complex!!!!!
1	The previous comments are spot on. No parking, horrible management, drug dealers and nasty ppl having Alex in hot tubs. Management does not care - Hannah and other blonde manager are rude and act as if ur  an in convince. Why is it still fairways the gold course it looked over is dead and smells. Can't wait to get outta here...sleep with a gold club near ur bed
1	Hoorrrriiibllleee!!! I am so glad im free from there. I left a ketchup bottle in the fridge and they are trying to charge me for a new fridge haha also the staff if horrible. They talk to you like an idiot with no respect. Beware of hannah! Such a mean person she made my girlfriend cry. Also the cops are there all the time so do not move here. Thank u
1	Take these reviews as a big hint and RUN! Don't be fooled by the cheaper awhatukee prices and "newly renovated" apartments.. They start to fall apart as you Live in them. No not the normal apartment wear and tear, I mean fall apart, mold coming out of the air conditioning ducts, anything. The reason I gave it one star though like most people on here is I had to. The office staff and customer service is awful!! Sure they are nice to you until you sign that lease and then any issues you have they treat you like crap. Hannah (as mentioned a lot on here) is the biggest B ever, must be miserable being your age and having no future career or fun life huh? Anyways I thought it was maybe just the apartments itself, but NO! River stone the company itself is SO awful! Look them up on better business bureau .. You will see what a money hungry place this is!! When my lease was up (after a year and a half there) I didn't get any 30 or 60 day notice reminder, so I went in to put my 30 days. You know because it's been a year and a half, and Nope it's 60 days, Hannah put it on my door because legally she can't mail them out? (Funny my new apartments do with no issue, also email me and call for a friendly reminder, so Nice lie) and it's not her fault the wind blew it off? So I get stuck having to pay MARKET price (250 more) for another month in this crappy awful apartment I wasn't even comfortable in! (Due to parking and drug dealers/cops always by my house, mold growing in my apartment) I just buckled down and dealt with it but Nope. Hannah had such a big fall out with me I knew she would do anything to charge me anything she could.. They slapped me with a 3000 $ bill!!!! After fighting for months (even calling corporate they were such jerks) I ended up getting more hen half of the charges dropped .. One for instance was a whole new refrigerator because supposedly when I moved (a month before my lease was up, when I should have been out in the first place) the electricity turned off (talked to srp and that's not true) and there was food in the fridge that spoiled due to no electric. I called Bs. I would never leave something that would ROT or get bad. Let alone even if it was butter or whatever a whole new fridge wasn't needed. Basically they wanted me to pay for the whole new apartment they just remolded. I have friends still there who's lease is coming up and they are running away as fast as they can.. And I have heard that river stone is the worst at charging you ridiculous move out fees (they don't even do a walk out with you!) so if your dumb enough to still rent here after all these reviews.. Good luck! Oh and the most recent 5 star review is obviously someone who works there. Don't believe the most bland review ever on how amazing the apartments are.
1	By far, the worst experience renting I've ever had. I'd give them a half star or less if Yelp would let me.  If you call they don't answer and don't return calls, if you send emails they don't get responded to, and the manager never seems to be in the office. When I first moved in I noticed my apartment had never been cleaned, the microwave was broken, the dishwasher has what looks like earwax all over the inside, my windows leak badly, and the water hookups on my washing machine are backwards.They gave me excuses about supposedly sending out a cleaning crew and then acted surprised when I repeatedly told them the cleaners never came. Five days of keeping on these people just to get my new apartment livable.When they came to replace my microwave which might have been from 1910, they made a huge mess with wood shavings all in my cupboards, counters, and in the burners of my stove!! Filled my whole apartment with smoke first time I turned them on. Can we say fire hazard? I put in a work order to have the earwax removed from my dishwasher...a month, yes, month later they finally came into my place completely without giving me any notice whatsoever, which is against the law, and left a note saying the dishwasher works fine.I would never let someone I cared about rent here!
5	I used to call Rockledge Fairways home. I had a brief experience there but enjoyed the time I was there. The apartment was decent for the price. While I would have rather lived farther south in the foothills, I knew I would not be able to afford a short term lease out there. I adore Starlene and Robert, they are always happy and always smiling. Take every review with a grain of salt. People will always share the negatives before they share the positives.
