3	Fish and chips isnt my favourate take away in the world.The fish is usually greasy, and a bit old - having sat in those little warm glass case things for ages before you turn up and buy it.There is however, somewhere which does things differently, and much to its credit.Newington Traditional Fish Bar cooks everything fresh in front of you - not only do you know that the food hasnt been sat there for a couple of hours, but it tastes better as well and is far less greasy. The chips are crispy and fluffy and everything else is very intising indeed.The trouble is that freshly cooking fish for each person who comes in takes its time, meaning that you are waiting around for a while, but it also costs money, and its not cheap.If you are really into fish and chips, and want good tasting and fresh food, then this is the place for you.
4	If this place were to ever close, Edinburgh would be a much worse place to live.Yes, it's greasy. And yes, you eat your food out of a cardboard box. But it's so worth it. These guys make the best chips I think I've ever had in my life, so much so that I can barely remember much about the fish that came with them. What's more, they have a great habit of accidentally giving you double the number of portions you asked for, which can never be a bad thing in my book.I know everyone claims to know the best chippy around, but I don't care what anyone says. This is it. In fact, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's quite pricey. Absolutely worth the money though.
4	Every time I have a visitor from home, they all want to try fish and chips- and I never really knew where to take them that was decent.That was until this bad boy came on to Clerk Street. Undoubtedly some of the best fish and chips I have had in Edinburgh. The fish is fresh and the chips are great. Sure it's a little greasy but that's British fast food to you. This place is always popular with the locals and the students and understandably so- now there is no debate where to go for good ol' fish and chips in cardboard boxes.
4	The Newington gets the distinction of being the first Scottish chippie I visited here in Edinburgh (not to mention the first one I've visited outside the good ole U.S. of A.)  The chips here were fantastic, as was the batter and preparation of the fish.  With that in mind, the taste of the fish was almost non-existent.  Not BAD by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself sopping up as much brown sauce as I could with each bite to give the fish some flavor.  This may sound like a deal-breaker, but the texture of that golden fried piece of cod so far surpassed any other place I've visited thus far that I HAVE to give it four stars.  It was perfect.  I also appreciated that the filet came out of the fridge, was dipped in the batter and fried AFTER I ordered.  This, I would guess, is what separates this joint from all the others I've visited.  I'll try to get back and order that battered, deep-fried half pizza the gal in front of me took out.  It looked like delicious death in a cardboard box.  I love Scotland...
4	update - went a couple of times in last 6 weeks and not so good ...hope the owner will ensure original standards are kept up up as he appoints new staff ... chips were still ok but batter on fish was cardbaord like rather that the foamy-crunchy-ness of my origianl review ... and fish did not seem as good.As suggested by the other reveiwers, this fish & chip shop is way ahead of all thebog-standard places in Edinburgh, whose approach is to cook up to 10 pieces of fish at once then leave them sitting under heat lamps till they are sold, often meaning you might as well order fried cardboard (the Tail End ofn Letih Walk excepted).They have recently opened a down stairs sit-in restaurant which I have not tried yet.It only took about 5-10 minutes for my order to be prepared last night which is pretty good - fish and chips cooked to orderThey also have interesting fish on offer including mackerel, pollok and other daily specials.The only thing I feel lets this great place down is the overall decor of the upstairs space - a bit shabby and unwelcoming. It's clearly a diffucult space with the oversized spiral stair case taking up a lot of room- it would be nice if this could be re-configured to allow a few sit-down tables up stairs. But at the very least it could be smartened up and made more welcoming - Having said that, the restaurnat down stairs looks quite nice.
1	Based on the other yelp reviews this seemed to be the best rated chippy in Newington. I was thoroughly disappointed. The smoked sausage appeared to have been cooked more than once as the skin had separated from the meat - difficult to achieve. The chips and pastry on the steak pie both had the consistancy and taste of solidified fat. Never again. Straight to the bin with this one.
2	Well I did get deep fried white pudding, but it wasn't great. The swampy was pretty off and the batter hard and super greasy. They have downstairs seating which is dingy and dull. Not a nice place to stay and eat although their brown sauce was tasty.
4	My favorite chippy in Edinburgh, recommended to me by my flat mates for good reason.  Sure, it's just fish and chips, but the fish is perfectly fried and served with rich brown sauce.  Staff is friendly and prices are good, so it's a great place to grab some fish, chips and Irn-Bru.
