5	Really impressed with this place. They have men's and women's clothing, shoes, and accessories. Some is consignment, some is last season's wares from local designers, but its all really nice and offered at a good price. Plus, I like the fact that part of the proceeds go to support women in need.The owner, Helen, was extremely nice and took her time to show me around and to show me various items. This despite the fact that I walked in right as the place was closing and she could have easily told me to come back another time.I will definitely be adding Fashion Xchange to my shopping rotation. Another great way to find designer clothing and accessories in the Valley without breaking the bank!
5	A store with a cause, that's Fashion Xchange on N. Scottsdale Road and Mayo Blvd.  But more than a store with a cause, Fashion Xchange is an upscale consignment store that provides a shopper the ultimate positive shopping experience.  To begin with, Helen, its owner, and her sales associate, Kazzie, are very welcoming as soon as you walk into the store.   One can't help notice how systematically organized the items are which include lots of guaranteed up-to-date men's and women's clothing of various sizes, an awesome array of artisan and custom jewelry that are special and unique, fashionable shoes and lots more.  One then gets a personalized tour of the store whose walls are adorned with beautiful, meaningful quotes and phrases that are very inspiring!  There's an aura of peace that overcomes you.  But best of all, the prices are unbelievable!  You walk away from the store with a great feeling that you really did very well and proud of your purchases.  I was very drawn to the store because of the fact that after a period in time, Helen donates unsold articles to a local domestic violence shelter for women & children aside from donating part of the sales to different other causes she is involved in.  More power to you and your store, Helen, and in all your philanthropic causes!
5	I discovered Fashion Xchange right about the time it opened its doors for business and during a time when I dropped 25 pounds. I needed to consign a lot of my clothes, but was always doubtful that I would get fair pricing for my upscale items. Fashion Xchange offered the best consignment rates in the industry! They are upfront and honest and I found great items to replenish some of my wardrobe at great prices. I like that some of the proceeds support women, children and the homeless in need. I am so glad I found a consignment store with integrity and with such a big heart!
2	It's never my intention to harm a local business, but this place blows. Nothing is current.  (Unless you want faded black business casual pants.)  Again, discounts aren't done by date, which is sad considering it's the best way to keep the merchandise moving and in season. The owner is very nice and positive. Maybe you can help her out by consigning good items with her?
5	Where else can you get really good deals on high end designer wares, consign for a great rate (50% cash, 65% credit), while supporting a charitable cause at the same time? This store is pretty much perfect for me. I walked in with my random wares, hoping to consign a few items, and while the owner looked through everything, I browsed through the store. There's a good mix of fashions from modern/contemporary, cutsey floral, and some more subdued conservative pieces. Prices were excellent, and there was a big sale going on. I picked up a really cute top for only $7, but some other pieces I eyed but sadly were not in my size were breezy colorful maxi dresses, and a nice Catherine Maladrino top for $40. Other designers that I saw from the shop were BCBG, Cache, Chicos, and behind the counter there were some items from Prada and Chanel. Although I didn't go through the men's section, there was a nice collection of items for sale from what it looked like.The owner was very sweet and friendly, and I ended up consigning 2 items. For every item sold, she donates 10% towards various charities, with a special focus on abused women, children in need, and the homeless.
