4	With a location inside Walmart, Smart Style is convenient. And affordable. I have had my hair cut and styled here many times. I have never left disappointed.
1	I waited from 6:40pm to 7:15 for a haircut for my son. There were 2 stylists working. When the first one was done she clocked out and told me the second stylist would be with me in a moment.  She had made eye contact with me at least ten times in the 35 minutes while I was waiting so it isn't like she didn't know I was there.  They had 2 people waiting in front of me and turned another away. The time to tell me she was leaving after her cut was before we waited 35 minutes. The second stylist wasn't even close to being done. Horrible customer service. I will never go back.
3	I am a fan of John Belushi's Samurai Futabe Saturday Night Live sketches. I enjoyed the Samurai Tailor, Samurai Stockbroker, and Samurai Psychiatrist. In Smart Style I met the Samurai Hairstylist. The Samurai Hairstylist is the most inhospitable hair stylist to have ever cut my hair. When I walked in she asked me for my phone number to see if I was listed in the system. From there the Samurai Hairstylist barely talked to me. She did not explain what style would go best with my hair or what style she was going to cut my hair. The majority of the haircut was the swirl of an electric shaver done with the same affection as mowing a lawn. What made me concerned was when the Samurai Hairstylist was doing electric shaver kamikazis with my hair, she was focusing on the other hairstylists who were sitting by the sinks. I did a terrible thing and happened to walk in on Friday June 21st around 4:30 PM when Smart Style was empty. Its not like I ended their conversation. Listening in, I did get an inside tip from their conversation that the Eastern at Patrick Walmart Smart Style has the worst reputation. The Samurai Hairstylist would break the silence to snap "Keep your head up!" and sigh. Fortunately, the Samurai Hairstylist does have talent. When I looked up at the mirror with my head up, it looked like I would be walking out of here with my hair unscathed. Despite the off the charts awful customer service, I tipped her. As I was leaving,  the Samurai Hairstylist did not thank me for the tip or the visit. She did not ask me what I thought of the haircut.   When a person is cold to me, I start daydreaming. I started thinking of John Belushi's Samurai Futabe character. She reminded me of him. It was very strenuous to not crack up giggling while trying to keep my head exactly up.  When all is said and done, I am updating Smart Style to a 3 star rating. A 1 star drop. On my previous visits, personable and talented hair stylists have worked on my hair. The problem is that the personable and talented hair stylists move on to better opportunities. The reality is that there are more hair stylists in Las Vegas than there are Starbucks. I will most likely look for a hair salon where a personable and talented hair stylist treats  my hair more like a canvass instead of a lawn. To me this is the smart style-which is my style. The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 87
4	I've come here before to get my hair cut and get highlights, and decided to come back. I'm so glad I did. As soon as I entered, a hair stylist named Stacia called out that she'd be right with me even though she was busy with another customer and so were all the other hair stylists. She got my information and told me it'd take 20 to 30 minutes. I was fine with that and sat down to wait. It didn't take that long and soon she was with me.I'm not the type of customer who wants to chat, just chill and let the employee do their thing, and Stacia let me do just that. I know with her previous customer, she was chatty because the customer was chatty, so she knew how to provide what sort of customer service to who. It took awhile to get my highlights because I wanted all of my hair done, but both it and my hair cut came out beautifully. It was exactly how I wanted it and I haven't had that sort of hair satisfaction in years. I'd definitely come back to Stacia for any of my hair needs.
1	The ladies working there are so rude, they don't even bother to smile at you. & they're prices are pretty pricy. I won't be coming here again!
