4	I love this place the people are great the owner doctor is perfect. You couldnt ask for more in a Vet. I brought all my animals here when I lived in Maricopa. If you need a Vet in maricopa. Go here !
5	I don't normally do reviews on places other than restaurants, however, Maricopa Wells is an exception to my rule simply because of how great this vets office is. In fact, I have been meaning to do this review for awhile now. We used to take our dogs to a vet in Mesa but needed something closer since we live in Maricopa. I must say that Maricopa Wells is perfect for us not only in terms of location but in terms of price, hours, and the staff is fabulous with our animals. Every time we have gone, the staff has treated our little doggies so great and they always manage to fit us in even when we have no appointment. They are open from 7:30 AM to 8:00 PM on most weekdays and they are open on both Saturdays and Sundays. Its great for working pet owners because you can drop off your pets before work and pick them up after! Also, they allow you to kennel your pet for a daily fee (which was pretty reasonable) and they will accommodate any requests you have for the animals while they are staying there. Our little chihuahua had parvo and needed to be medicated several times a day for several days. Our pug Winston had an eye condition and needed to be medicated several times a day as well. We work so taking them to Maricopa Wells and having this handled was very convenient. Yes, their prices may be slightly higher than other vets (our other vet was a little cheaper) but if you live in Maricopa, its a great place to take your pet and their hours kinda make up for the little extra you pay for their services. My husband and I love Maricopa Wells and so do our furry little friends  :)
5	They treated my 2 dogs with love and care and made me feel that they were in very good hands. The pricing is reasonable and the location is perfect for anyone who lives in the Maricopa area. Thanks Maricopa Wells!
5	From the front office staff to the technicians to the doctors, I always feel that my pets are in the best care! Both veterinarians are exceptional. We have had excellent advice and helpful specialist recommendations in time of need. When our pets were seriously ill, they treated them with the care we would, even with tears, when lovingly euthenizing. When our pets are healthy, they rejoice with us! This is an excellent veterinary hospital!
5	I have had a lot of bad experiences with veterinarians in the past, so when it was time to find a vet in Maricopa I was pretty much dreading it. After reading reviews of local veterinary hospitals, I chose Maricopa Wells because they had the best reviews. I am so glad I did! Our experience was great! Not only were all of the staff friendly and kind, but the vet tech was extra kind and gentle to our cat, Kimba, who is high strung and had urinated all over himself during the car ride to the vet. She took her time to make Kimba feel safe and comfortable before she began examining him. My husband and I (and Kimba) really appreciated that.When Dr. Black came in, she addressed all of our concerns and took a sample from Kimba's ear (we suspected ear mites) and went to look at it under a microscope to see if there were mites. There were. My favorite part was when Dr. Black came in and said she had found mites and asked if I wanted to see them. I totally did! I got to look at them under the microscope and it was sooooo cool! She then gave us a lot of information about how to treat the ear mites and how to make sure our other cats stay mite free. She was also very open and up front about all charges and was very respectful and mindful of our budget. It was so refreshing to go to the vet and not feel like they were pressuring me to run extra tests and to see genuine care and concern for my pet. She addressed the issues that brought us into the office, as well as issues we had mentioned in passing. She gave us a lot of great advice. She even typed up a note containing all of the information we had discussed so we wouldn't forget.This was the most painless vet visit ever, for me and for Kimba. I am so glad to have chosen this vet due to reviewers like you. Now I can take my 7 cats and 2 dogs to the vet without dread!
1	Clean place, crazy expensive.  It cost almost $200 just to have a suffering dog put down, talk about GOUGING.  Oh, and no that did not include cremation it was just a shot.
4	Every time I have been here, my pets and I have been treated with compassion and respect. When I had to put my beloved elderly cat to sleep, they allowed me as much time as I needed to say goodbye & treated him with love and respect. My dog ripped a skin tag off her belly and they got me in within minutes of my calling for an appointment. She was bleeding (not a lot, but steadily) & they took care of the skin tag, sutures, local, & staple removal for a very fair fee. I will continue to bring my pets to Maricopa Wells regardless of the horrible things being said all over the internet stemming from one incident. The staff have never been anything but professional and caring to me and my other family members who bring their pets here. There are two sides to every story and I find it very hard to believe what I am reading based on my experiences.
1	Terrible experience today. I had called last Friday hoping to be able to take my two dogs in to get updated on their shots and to do a general wellness check. we set an appointment for the following Monday at 4:00. I showed up at 3:45 thinking I would have some paperwork to fill out. Upon arrival I was told there was no record of an appointment for me... I was confused but just figured they would find a way to make it work, after all I know I had made the appointment and if they made a mistake you would think they would fix it to make it right. So the lady at the front desk disappears into the back to apparently discuss with the doctor. After waiting 10-15 minutes she returns and apologizes for the wait. She had apparently "got caught on a phone call in the back". She goes on to explain there was no room in the schedule for us and we would have to reschedule! Good thing I didn't plan my day around this visit! I told her to forget it. There are other vets in the area that will get my business.
1	The receptionist very mean...she is rude and does not care about animals at all..my dog was turned away after making an appt. she did not care set his appointment.  Im also being charged fr an appoint I never made from 4 months ago and she just argues with clients.  She is just not nIce at all.  She did not even take the time to talk to the doctor at all.  The doctors are really nice and very caring too bad they dont know who they at the front desk who is turning away customers!IO
1	Female doctor is always rude and short when we have visited! ReceptionisChandler is not that far away people take the drive there is a much better animal hospital in Casa Grande even!
5	I'm upping the stars to 5. Let me explain why.  Our boxer dog, Ali (say Allie), was diagnosed with mast cell tumors about a year ago. Recently one of her tumors ulcerated,  so I set up an appointment for her to see Dr. V.   Ali must have remembered Dr. V as being the one who removed her skin tag a while back. She was very nervous and trembling. Dr. V took extra time to calm her with soft words and ear scratches. :) When Ali was ok, she started her exam.    I told Dr. V that with Ali's age (11 or 12, we aren't sure), we wanted to do palliative care only. So Dr. V explained what that entailed.    My sweet boxer has her faults though. She's aggressive towards dogs her size and larger. I always remind the staff of this so we can be cautious. Because there were two large dogs in the waiting room, the vet tech handled Ali and ushered her outside without incident.   Dr. V and her staff truly care about the animals they see. That's so important for me because Ali is family and deserves the best.
