5	Looks like I may be the first to write a review for this place. What can I say this Moxies has definitely taken the Ontario model and stepped it up a notch for Quebec. Typical Moxies uniform standards/expectations keeps the eyes occupied...! Very impressive and certainly no complaints! This place rocks. This is the first Moxies in Quebec and they are 100% committed to looking after the diners. The Managers took the time to come over and introduce themselves to make sure we were happy. Waitresses were also extremely friendly. As for the food, I went in thinking that quality may be less then expected due to them only being open two days and the chefs would be 'learning the ropes' so to speak but this was definitely not the case. All members of our party enjoyed their food and had zero complaints. Well done Moxies! Will definitely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
4	The restaurant is rather nice, spread over two floors. Having not been to any Moxies prior to this, it was a very pleasant dining experience. The hosts and servers do their best to accommodate the customers (when we were seated upstairs, and the noise was rather loud for us, upon request, they promptly seated us in the quieter downstairs section, which I prefer anyway). The staff, while new, are familiar with the menu, and able to recommend appropriate pairings to the items ordered. Their selection of cocktails and wines is also rather large. The only reason they don't receive five stars from me is that the chicken dish I had, while very tender and juicy, had too much salt. Otherwise the seared tuna appetizer, my partners salmon, and the dessert was amazing and plated and presented in a very classy manner.
1	The only thing good here is probably the pizza.  But again the portions was too small. This was the worst nachos I ever had. I especially ordered double cheese toppings on the nachos but never received an empty plate like this one, toppings on the nachos were invisible. Should have take a picture for you folks. Fried calamari and chicken wings was served at room temperature. The fried calamari was disgusting as the fried was wet &  mushy. We were having our office happy hour there on the third floor maybe that's why everything was served cold lol... I should have not reserved here and follow advice from my girlfriend and colleagues that this place's food sucks really bad. I usually don't review restaurant but this one needed to be pointed out. It's just good for drinks...
4	It's noisy but a it's a chic place and they have chic foods as well lol You gonna like it, it will make you feel classy :D
5	I just wanted to take a moment and congratulate your organization in the newest Moxie's in Montreal. I have been a Moxie's fan for the last 2 years now, having had many great experiences in your Moxie's in Mississauga Dixon location. Originally going down to Mississauga for work on a regular basis, it allowed us the opportunity to get to know this Moxie's and their staff.Leading up to the opening of your Montreal location, both myself and my associates were excited to have the Moxie's open up close to home. Upon our first visit in the Montreal Moxie's, we were overjoyed to see your General Manager, Brendon Sequeira as he seems to be a great leader to which ever staff he is delegated. It showed, as his quality of staff in Montreal was as fantastic as the staff he led in Mississauga.In the last few months, we have celebrated many wonderful events at the Montreal Moxie's, and enjoyed the ambience it brings to the Downtown Montreal vibe! Your staff is courteous, engaging, and the food seems to get better with our favorite's like the Sushi Cones, Steak Salad, and more being the reasons we keep coming back. The Montreal bar staff and bar manager Jordan, continuously engage the guests and ensure super satisfaction which always leads to a great evening! Simply, congratulations on your new Montreal Moxie's, and a job well done.
2	Went here for lunch. The food wasn't bad but since it's a franchise, I didn't get the local feel for being in Montreal.  Lunch is filled with business attired folks so I may bring my team here rather than a casual dining with friends.  As said earlier, the food is just ok and the music could be a bit too loud.  It's also part of the condo so you have to walk up two flights of stairs to get to the dining room.Food: 2/5, I got the mango chicken as recommended and it was just ok.Service: 1/5, quite slow and the waiter just came once to attend us (when he took our order) took about 20mins to pay.Ambience: 3/5, the decor is nice and cool dining place.  It's lighter than other moxies possibly due to multiple stories with an open concept. Price: 2/5, about $30+ with drinks.  Not sure if my food was worth it.Please note that I understand chains and Moxies failed to wow me several times.  I prefer Baton Rouge; they are more consistent and give you a more fine dining at a chain experience.
5	Typical downtown chic with probably the best looking waitstaff around. Great for meeting up with friends to watch the game. With a tasty and varied menu, drink specials and a big wine list,  literally dozens of TV's and a very cool vibe it manages to check all the boxes as a place to go after work. Right downtown in the heart of the financial district, lunches are fast paced and fun in the middle of the work day. Make reservations early as it fills up fast, especially at lunch. DJ on the weekends and for the best kept industry night secret on Monday nights. Check it out.
2	Meh.Don't bother.. Montreal has a ton of great restaurants that aren't chains.Moxies has a very large menu with tons of different kinds and styles of food. However this is usually a sign of a mediocre restaurant. Couldn't tell you what they specialise in.. or what they "claim" their speciality is.Decore was fine. However very brightly lit. Not a fan of that.Other notes, Waitress brought me a 3/4 filled pint. Weak pour. The staff is mostly young girls that are probably working their first jobs. Service was fine in terms of time.I ordered the burger (i mostly order cheap and average meals at restaurants i assume aren't great) that they would only cook well done. It was however not dry. But was very average. These kind of restaurants try to hide the fact their burgers aren't great by putting it on a gourmet looking kieser bun. Your not fooling me. All in all. If you want to go eat at a chain restaurant and pay average food at a slight higher. Thats all you'll get. Save up your money and go to somewhere that has better food and specializes in something.I can see how these restaurants survive in the rest of Canada but not sure it will be around long in a city like Montreal that has tons of hidden gem restaurants.Cheers
