4	At the Great Cajun Cookoff this year (2009), the very first stall upon entry that I visited was Yuri's Popcorn & More. And boy was that a good thing! Yuri's mom, Talicia, who runs the shop gave us a cup of an assortment of flavors. I believe I fell in love with her Strawberry flavored popcorn... or was it cinnamon? Anyway, I fell in love!The only reason this popcorn business doesn't get 5 stars is that it has no retail store... here's hoping that one day it will so we can have a place to sample all the more interesting flavors like Blueberry Mojito! Till then, I hope Talicia keeps marketing through events like the Great Cajun Cook Off and other like events in the valley... maybe even First Fridays, so we who live in the same area the popcorn is made can partake in it without paying for shipping and handling!
5	Yuri's Popcorn is NOW open at Hilton Village Shopping Center on Scottsdale Road and McDonald.  I seriously cannot STOP eating it.  I bought the banana and cinnamon flavors.  She is very reasonable and also makes wonderful gift baskets.  You must stop by but be prepared to become addicted!!  The best popcorn I have ever had!!
5	Yay! I'm happy to see that Yuri's now has an actual location now... a cute one at that. This family run business has genuine heart... you can tell that the whole family is involved and loves what they do.I found out about the grand opening from Penny Pinchers who were at this years (2010) Local Fall Festival and had coupons for the Yuri's. The lady said: "It's their grand opening today, you should go down there!" For some reason, I forgot and went home and then remembered a couple hours later and went fishing online for more info. I then found a snag and save voucher for half off a 7 pack that even had my Yelp review on it! That made me HAVE to head on over, forget that I had another event to go to!So, I get there and the shop is so cute. I walk in and start to tell the story and Talicia ,The popcorn mastermind, her husband, who's also not too shabby in flavor concocting and daughter were so warm and welcoming. Talicia gave me a big hug when we started chatting about Yelp and my review being the first and said I could try any flavors. I think I tried at least 8 or 9 samples trying to make up my mind on which ones to order. I really felt like a kid in a candy store and it was divine and so inviting... except that it was popcorn instead of candy... although they are true to their word with the "& more" to their name. They also side gig in Old School candy and could give Smeeks some healthy competition... and lovers of such candies two locations to get their fix!I tried the Blueberry Mojito, Lemon Zest, White Chocolate, Cheddar Jalapeno, Garlic Parmesan, Banana, Ranch, and a hidden new flavor "Harvest Mix" (Think Candy corn and caramel... I think?) and had a nice cold cup of Frozen Lemonade paired with them.I decided to order Cinnamon (The flavor that made me LOVE Yuri's Popcorn to begin with), Harvest, Garlic Parmesan, Chili & Cheese, Jalapeno Cheddar, Lemon Zest, White Chocolate and Kettle Corn... they were out of Chocolate dipped caramel and I still need to try their chocolate drizzled strawberry...darn... another reason to go back!This place is so up my alley. If you like to try different and unique flavors, they will not disappoint. If you are a traditionalist, they do plain and butter and kettle and also hand out salt in little cups so you can add it to your taste... a nice touch! You can also bag to go or overflowing so you can eat right as they had it to you... the choice is yours.I urge one and all to try this gem of a place out. It's the epitome of a family run business that you can't help but want to support! I know I will be back for more when that popcorn fix comes a knockin'!
5	I've found another favorite shop to find local gifts!! Yuri's is adorable, delicious and local. Does it get much better? Located within Hilton Village, this is a popcorn lover's paradise. Why you ask? Well not only do they have sweet and salty flavors available such as cheesy popcorn or caramel popcorn, they also have flavors like Chicago style which is a mix of sweet and salty. Plus, in addition, they have a selection of sweets you can add to your popcorn to make your own creation, like cheesy popcorn with chocolate covered gummy bears or caramel popcorn with toffee. It's delicious! The owner was so helpful and told me that if I wanted to call ahead next time she'd have my order ready in advance. So you're wondering about the cost right? It sounds like this gourmet popcorn should be expensive, but guess what? It's not! For two small popcorn bags, it only cost $6 ($3 each) and they are a good size and perfect for a stocking stuffer or hostess gift! I can't wait to visit again and again.
5	I met the fine ladies of Yuri's popcorn a few years back at a local festival after seeing their sign.  (Anything that says "popcorn" draws my attention immediately; it's one of my favorite treats.)I was pleased to see that Yuri's opened a storefront at Hilton Village a few months ago and I finally popped in (literally) yesterday to check it out.    The store is adorable - colorful, fun, and filled with all kinds of sweet and savory treats.  Talicia couldn't have been friendlier, and she was extremely patient as another customer and I both took it all in, sampling flavors, etc...I ended up purchasing an XL bag of caramel corn for the super bowl party I'm heading to later today, as well as some yogurt covered craisins and red velvet chocolate covered cherries.  All of this for about $20 - not bad!They were out of kettle corn yesterday, so call ahead if you're in the mood for a particular flavor just in case... and if you're in the area, pop on in and check this place out!
5	This place is so stinking cute, you should definitely pop by. I was lured in by the smell when I was in the area on a Saturday morning and was greeted by the owner and her lovely daughter. This family is so sweet and they let me sample a few flavors. I've been to other gourmet popcorn shops in NYC but this was the first I've seen in AZ. They had tons of crazy flavors like Strawberry and Blueberry Mojito. I ended up buying two medium-size bags of Caramel and Garlic Parmesan, under $10 total! Definitely recommend.
3	The owner wasn't there when I stopped by after work and so it sounds like I did not get the full experience as described by the other reviewers.  The kid that was left there to mind the store was very friendly and knowledgeable but since her mom had just arrived to pick her up, she seemed anxious to leave for the day.  Not that I blame her.  The place was like a hundred degrees!  Granted, it was probably 110 outside but seriously, the store was like a sauna.Still, it was a very cute store.  I liked all the old-school candy.  It was kind of overpriced but it would be a nice splurge if you wanted something specific that you can't find in mainstream stores.  The popcorn is overpriced, too.  My husband literally laughed at me after I told him when I got home about how the tub of popcorn I bought was normally $28 but I got a great deal because I had a 20% golden coupon from Local First AZ's Independent's Week.  "Thirty bucks for popcorn!"  He did stop laughing after he tried some, though.  We both agreed that it was the best popcorn we had ever eaten.  I think this is a great option when you want to splurge as a gift but not really economical as a regular treat due to the price.  This was a little disappointing since we eat a lot of popcorn at home watching movies so I was hoping to make it a regular item.I will definitely come here again since I like to support local businesses and this place is really close to where I work.  I am bringing "the tub" to a 4th of July party so I may actually raise my review a star depending on how the others react.  Hopefully, this will earn me some brownie points with the in-laws, not more laughter.
4	Ok, I had to give this place an extra star since the popcorn was such a big hit.  Everyone loved it.  It really is delicious popcorn.  And apparently not as overpriced as I thought.  I found out that there is a place called Popcornopolis at the mall that sells their 2 gallon tins for $29.95 and they are not nearly as good.
5	Another great suggestion found on Yelp!  Searching for something sweet in the area, Yuri's popped up.  Based on reviews we read we had to stop by and try the different flavors.  So glad we did!  The caramel is absolutely delicious! We also tried the blueberry, strawberry, cinnamon, but were sold on the caramel!  Although, all were delicious. We also got hooked on the cheddar.  The flavor that seems to be the fav and was of course out when we got there was chocolate dipped caramel popcorn! YUM!   Even more important was the service.  I wish we would have got her name, but she was so supper sweet and made sure we tried all the flavors (of course totally got us hooked by doing that, SMART). The store itself is classic looking, very clean with old fashion favorites like taffy, beeman's gum and many more great ones to choose from.  Absolutely dug the pics on the wall she had with the diff flav's of popcorn.  One last worthy note, she does unique gift basket's with all her goodies.  She was making one for a golf tournament with a beer six pack box that had her snacks, popcorn and candy.  Very cool idea and looked great!  She does gift ideas from inexpensive to moderately priced.  She also does seasonal treats like caramel dipped apple flavors.  Signed up on her email list so we can be sure to see what yummy treats we can indulge in or give as gifts.  We'll be loyal patrons for sure!
