5	Everything was awesome! From the freshness of the table bread and salad, to the main course. This restaurant is not big by any means, but definitely worth the wait for a table. Portions are generous and dishes extremely tasty and authentic (family owned)! You will not be disappointed. I'm just sorry I didn't save room for dessert.
3	The previous reviewer was on the money with "This place may be small and not very elegant, but they have some of the best Italian in the valley."  I was so wanting to love this place, as it reminded me of great finds in Italy, and in the Bay Area (which has lots of great Italian).  The place is unpretentious - a refreshing change from the typical Scottsdale "overdone" decor. And everyone clearly knew the owner, who was working the room - so a faithful, regular crowd. The food was good; not 'blow your socks off' good, but good. So what's the problem? The price! The line-item price for most dishes is $24, and that does not include any vegetable or salad (and incidentally no vegetables were on offer as far as I could see, on the small, laminated menu, and none were served).  That's pretty high for sitting in a square box wtih poor lighting.  And the drinks are outrageously priced.  $7 for a beer; $15 for a glass of house red.  I overheard another table complaining about the drink prices; the owner gave a feeble excuse about having to pay 'full retail' for the alcohol ... hmmm - I can go to the grocery store and buy that same beer for under $2/bottle, and the entire bottle of wine for probably $15 ... this is just gouging in my mind.  Anyway - food is good, atmosphere is 'family', and if they could bring their prices under control this could be a great place.
4	The food here is delicious! I had the bruschetta, chicken parmesan, and tiramisu, and would highly recommend all of them. I would rate this place five stars, but my server was not very friendly and they were out of the wine and dessert I wanted :( If the rating were based purely on the food, they would definitely have the full five stars! I will definitely be back.
4	Like eating at grandma's (excuse me, Nonna's) house.  Our last night in Phoenix brought us to this gem.  The only people who work there are the mother (server/hostess), father (cook) and daughter (server/hostess).  The food is very good, traditional Italian cuisine (melon with prosciutto for starters..ummmm!).  I went with a Pollo Scarapiello (sp?) which is chicken with white wine, peas and pancetta.  It was great.  Other dishes ordered were fettuccine, veal and penne.  You really do have the feeling like you're eating at someone's house instead of at at restaurant.  It is super casual, and very homey.   I will definitely return.
4	Some of the best food comes out of the smallest kitchens.  This is one of those places.  Family owned and operated, the food it AMAZING.  Felt like I was back in Southern Italy.  Don't let the location scare you.  What they lack in curb appeal, they more than make up for in the food.  I can't wait to go back!!
5	I had dinner with my son and daughter at Tiramisu last night after the ASU-Colorado football game.  The restaurant is small and cozy.  We were greeted warmly and it was refreshing to hear Italian being spoken in the restaurant.  I had the Linguini w Frutti di Mare, my son had Veal Medallions with a side of Pasta and my daughter had Angel Hair Pasta.  This restaurant has been open since 1991 and both my daughter and son commented that it felt like we were eating at an Italian family's home.  This restaurant is for you if you're looking to eat at a family owned restaurant where you know you're eating the same recipes that the family eats every day.  My kids thought it was the best Italian food they've ever eaten and I have to agree.  The mother and daughter that are owners treated us as guests in their home.  If you're looking to have a meal in a cozy location, could be great for dates, and yearn to go back to the days when family restaurants ruled the world instead of chains, this place is for you.  As for the cost, most dishes are $17-$24 which is reasonable for great quality food.  Everyone was so nice to us, we absolutely loved it!  Get away from the every day grind and support our local restaurants, this place is awesome!
5	small venue, great food and highly recommend talking to the owners on wine selection. Best real Italian in the valley by far.
5	Was able to get a reservation for Valentines day, this place is "private" & Small, you really feel like your in someones dinning room about to have amazing italian home cooked food...i loveeeeeeeeed the food & the atmosphere...this spot is a hidden gem!Service is 5 star & food is great..i was surprised when the bill came, you'd expect at least a $100 bill from a place like this, but it was much less, great value & had plenty of left overs!
5	We hadn't been to Tiramisu in a long time and it was great to get back to this intimate, family-owned dining spot.  I hesitate to say "restaurant" because you feel much more like you are visiting their home.  Service is comfortable, friendly, familiar- you feel like part of the family!  The food is excellent- fresh and generally made in-house.  The cheesecake was extraordinary and of course, so was the tiramisu!  It's always hard to go out for Italian food when you are Italian (by blood or relation, as in my case)- nothing is ever as good as your own families recipes.  But, sometimes it is nice to be able to get variety of dishes or you're dining with others who suggest Italian....and when that arises for us- we always will find our way to Tiramisu.
5	This place was great. Family owned business offering authentic Italian food. Owner was great to chat with- genuine and funny. Felt like dinner at home. Delicious fresh mozzarella and tomato, fabulous warm bread and the chicken parmigiana with penne was amazing. The sauce was soooo good. I will definitely be going back to try more!
5	This was the best meal I have had since moving to Arizona.  I ordered the Vitello Marsala.  It was delicious.  The appetizer was wonderful.  The house Chianti, fantastic.  And the signature Tiramisu?  Exceptional.We were the only ones in the small dining area...so of course we got terrific personal service.
5	OMG. Finally a "real" family run Italian restaurant in the area. Try anything... Your taste buds will thank you.
5	WOW! Was visiting my husband's family and they chose this little gem. It does not look like much from the outside, but this family-owned Italian restaurant is INCREDIBLE! The wife, who has an excellent sense of humor, visited with our table and took our orders. Her husband is the chef, and took an off-the-menu request from my father-in-law which he loved. Go, you won't regret it!
1	Unwelcoming!  We picked Tiramisu based on Yelp recommendations and went on a Saturday night in March.  There were only three tables occupied, but the hostess ignored us.  After a few minutes, we were seated and waited for menus.  After our order was finally taken, we waited for an HOUR to get our food.  The waitress acted like we were a burden to her.  The thermostat on the wall read 81 degrees.  Another table of diners was extremely loud.  I realize the owners cannot control the patrons, but the acoustics were terrible.  The food was slightly above average, but it certainly doesn't merit the rave reviews on Yelp. Overall it was a miserable evening.  To sum up, Tiramisu is unwelcoming, hot and loud.  If you want an enjoyable evening out with friends, go elsewhere.
5	honestly my girlfriend and I favorite place. Italian family owned and operated, very small, and romantic, i cannot believe it is not busier every time we go. we have tried quite a few different dishes but one of us always orders the meat ravioli with almonds and cranberries - amazing !
3	Lots of Italian restaurants in ScottsdaleThis is a far cry from the best.Quality is fineDecor is fineHostess/waitress is finePrices are the same as the nicerdinner houses.Small and quaintHas the old Italian flair    Just doesn't blow you away with anythingHope they pick it up and make it in this tough business
