5	Great customer service, and best of all, great food!!! Their "agua frescas" are always made daily.. I've tried em all lol very delicious. They have different flavors every day.
4	The food here is great. The servings are huge! Everything is good quality and you can see the food being made in front of you which (I think) is very important. Although it can get a little pricey (cost of extras), I know that I'm getting some good Mexican food every time. Why 4 stars instead of 5? I like the original location better.. just because it's closer. :P
4	Awesome selection of food, very friendly service !!I can tell this place is a lot more authentic compared to Chipotle or Robertos. They have fried fish head for crying out loud! Which is actually a popular dish at this place. It's right across from CSN Charleston campus, which is why when my friends and I are tired of Denny's or Tropical Smoothie, we go here instead. No matter what you order you HAVE TO try the different flavored juices they offer on the counter. I've tried Pineapple, Orange, and Watermelon. I stray away from Horchata since I've never really developed a liking for it :( Their watermelon was the BOMB! I kept coming back for refills! The first time I went here I got their enchiladas. The portion and sides of this dish never disappoints! I can't believe this place isn't that well-known. But seeing  Latino families come here on a daily basis tells me this place is legit. Being open 'til midnight also helps for those hangovers I guess lol!
5	I'm a Vegetarian so I'm always happy when I see the word "Veggie" (in any language!) and the Vegetariano Burrito totally fit the script.  I came here after school one day with only a few dollars in my pocket hoping to find something that was a little cheaper than the $600.00 cookie they sell in the University cafeteria (I'm kidding about the price ...but seriously it's like this big *hand motion* and stupidly expensive...!)Anyway.  I was extremely happy to find this place a few blocks away.  I used to take classes at CSN (it's right across the street) so I can't believe I never noticed it before.  So I went inside and was extremely pleased with everything.  The place is clean and the staff speak English (always a plus ...though I do speak pretty fluent spanish so I guess it really doesn't matter lol.)  The Vegetariano Burrito was extremely tasty.  It was BIG too,which I liked, especially for the price.  I'd reccomend it even for meat-eaters.I've since come here almost weekly (or more) and they've always had my order quickly and never gotten it wrong.  Oh, and try the juices on the counter - their Horchata is very good, but I'm a big fan of the Naranjo myself!!  (They also have a TV with various Spanish soaps playing...if you want to stick around.)
4	I had the combo #1 which is a burrito, taco, rice and chips. It comes with beans too but I never get beans. I loved the taste of the soft taco it was tasty! I wasn't a big fan of the Carne Asada burrito because it was too salty for me and they put rice in the burrito . I do LOVE their Watermelon Juice with a capital "L" ! It's sweet but oh so perfect on a hot Las Vegas day! I can drink my weight in it ....that's a lot of juice!
2	I wanted to see why people like this place. Really? I got my order in Spanish and the TV had some obnoxious soap opera en Espanol so I had really high hopes for this place. Then I opened my box and was like WTF? You know it's not a good sign when you feel the grease in your mouth before you even touch your food. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and a taco with rice and beans. The quesadilla felt like it was prepared by a 10 year old white girl who decided to use her mother's left over grease from a week ago to experiament with cooking for the first time. The taco was whatever. My Bulgarian mother has made more authentic tacos than that. The beans were good, but if they fucked those up I'd be worried. They have them premade in cans. Sure, the portions were large, but what happened to quality over quantity? I blame my negative reviews due to my travels. If I had never traveled to Mexico or didn't seek out Mexican food frequently, I probably would have loved this place.Oh also, customer service....forget it. Nobody smiles here. They're probably pissed they have to eat their own food on their lunch break though so that's why I give this place two stars.
5	Love this place, nothing has ever been less then amazing. Great inexpensive food and great customer service!!
5	jamaica juice is so refreshing! I ordered their papas con carne, which is pretty much carne asada fries. The carne asada meat was so soft, no chewy parts at all, compared to Roberto's. You can't compare though because each it made differently. My brother ordered Chile Releno, which was served on a fancy clay plate!We were very happy with our meals, price, and their service.
3	These guys have some awesome flavors with great portion sizes. I can never finish my food! I will continue to return.
3	So the food is good but the consistency sucks. I am working on a house nearby and stopped in for lunch got an order of tacos, the cashier asked if I wanted cilantro and onion, i also ordered cheese on the side, all was well. Later I went when I left my job site I stopped in the second time, they added hot sauce and salsa to my tacos, I'm allergic to tomatoes, so when I complained this cashier took my food back with much resistance and the presentation for the fixed food was less than desirable... It was basically labeled GTFO
1	I had the enchiladas which were absolutely disgusting. The sauce tasted like tomato paste with absolutely no flavor. The cheese was not melted on the inside and then they piled on the Oaxaca cheese which all combined was horrible. I had to go have them microwave my plate to melt it and still no good. Boyfriend ordered carnitas tacos which were ok and we ordered shredded beef taquitos which were covered in a cilantro sauce. The sauce just tasted like pulverized cilantro yuck! Will not be returning to this place again!
4	I come to this place often, is a small place but looks clean .. weekends also have menudo, authentic Mexican menudo
1	Very small limited menu, very confusing. Took me awhile to find out they had carne asada. The Tacos aren't so bad but it definitely lacked flavor. The meat was dry but they did over stuff it with veggies but no guacamole :( Wouldn't go back unless I was starving.
3	I've eaten here a couple of times, both pre-carnivore and now as a pescatarian.. or whatever you want to call it. I love seafood.The tacos are great while everything else is pretty standard fare. The al pastor and carnitas are fantastic, but the carne asada was too fine in texture for me. They chop it so it's almost like a ground beef it's so small. The fish tacos are made with tilapia which in my opinion taste kind of like dirt. The thyme in the seasoning on it didn't help with that. The beans are rice are meh.They have a good salsa bar with fresh citrus, spicy pickled carrots and cauliflower, your standard red and green sauces. But the highlight of the place is the frescos.The juices they have available in the glass jugs up front are fantastically fresh and cold. Yes, they are stupid sweet, but during summer.. there are few things better than these sweet icy cold fresh fruit concoctions. Come for a couple tacos and the frescos!
4	I have a very bossy friend who refuses to eat at chain establishments.  She insisted I meet her there.  While she didn't remember the name, we went inside and the cashier and her clearly had a friendly relationship because my friend followed up on her Thanksgiving plans. My friend ordered for me a chicken burrito.  I also had this crazy drink that was in large iced glass jars up front labeled by fruit names.  I got the orange, which was pretty tasty.The burrito came with a bit of chips on the side.  I should have really just eaten half and saved the rest for later.  Instead, it was so good and we were chatting that I got 3/4 of the way through the burrito before I realized that I was too full to take another bit.Besides chicken, the burrito had sauteed veggies, rice, and beans.  I would return and order for myself, but when someone offers to buy you lunch, you say yes.  The total bill was around $15 for two burritos and two drinks.
2	No thank you. I'll tell you straight out I will not be back here again. When it comes to mom and pop taco shops like these, it's all in their meat and how well they marinate it.My boyfriend and I ordered 3 carne asada tacos and carne asada fries. The meat was tasteless...even when I drenched my taco in the red AND green sauce.The carne asada fries was nothing worth mentioning. It was boring and tasteless.
4	I get the carnitas tacos with a side of chips (approx $6). Load up on the free sauce and veggies, and head out. The food is always good and it tastes good too. As good as Chipolte and half the price, this is my go-to lunch spot near CSN.
4	I loved their Agua Fresca drinks and it was close by but as I drove by today it appears they are closed.  I called the number as well and it was disconnected.
