5	You can't imagine my surprise to find this gem of a store. We had just gotten gas from a nearby gas station and I saw the sign. Hubby pulled into the driveway but they were closed. DAMN! We returned the following day and I went in to find not only chocolates, but also, other candies such as jelly beans, sugar free M&Ms, different pastries such as eclairs, napoleons, cream puffs, and much much more. You can also order cakes, pies etc. They have a menu listing all their products and also, how many grams of carbs each has.I got a napoleon to share with hubby. We had just eaten and couldn't really fit anything else, but I couldn't resist. The napoleon was huge and only contains 4g of carbs.The pastry was sooooooooo flaky and the dark chocolate topped on the puff pastry was delicious. There was a bit too much cream enveloped within the pastry, but other than that it was fabulous. It definitely didn't taste like it was sugar free at all.Unfortunately I wasn't able to take a photo because we had no where to set it down and it was windy outside and I wanted to eat it. Yeah, I guess it was the latter which caused this non-photo review.
4	You know my old coworker was a diabetic so we go to this place to get him his birthday cakes and everytime we throw potlucks or parties. This way he has something to eat. We've gotten pound cakes and bundt cakes and I even had them do a chocolate cake for Boss. Yes he's not my real boss - but we called him Boss. He's kinda like that crazy Mexican uncle that everyone has. Yea YOU KNOW! Seriously for people that diet - or are on Atkins and South Beach, this place has a great selection and it tastes great!
5	JACKPOT!! I accidentally stumbled upon this place today while I was  driving and I was so excited when I saw the sign for this bakery. I come from a family filled with diabetics who all have a weakness for sweets. My father is one of the worst...I swear his gangster moniker would be "Sweet-tooth". I am always on the look out for new sugar-free desserts that are guilt-free and he can indulge in. Because the apple doesn't fall far from the tree and I crave my sweets as well, I look out for great sugar-free desserts for myself so that I hopefully won't one day fall into the diabetic family history. I was truly amazed with selection all things sugar-free here. Everything from candies, cookies, cakes, and muffins, I definitely felt like a kid in the candy store! The assistant at the counter was very friendly and said I could sample almost any candy in the store. Since my number one weakness is M&M's, I sampled them and almost cried with joy cause my favorite candy was not only sugar-free but damn good at the same time ( I instantly grabbed a half pound to take home)!! The pastries, cookies and muffins looked to die for so the glutton in me had to take home at least one of each. The Macaroon cookies were so soft and sweet. The Lemon Poppy Seed muffin was equally as soft and screamed lemon with every bite and the cream cheese powder puff was like a pocket of heaven!!Mrs. Williams is a great home-style sugar-free bakery that is a God-sent. They ship anywhere in the country which is a plus!! The frequent buyer card is an added bonus...each trip that you buy $10 on the 10th visit you receive $10 of pastries for free....my card will probably be filled up by the end of next week!!
3	lately, every time i ask the sidekick where she wants to eat, it's either a chinese restaurant or Hot/Juicy Crawfish.  At least she's receptive to my continued food tour of the Vegas Valley ( which means non-chinese, no HJC ) Anyways, my girl was having a bad day so i decided to bring home a big 'ol bag of crawfish ( as in 4 pounds ! ) - trust me, flowers are nice, crawfish is 10 times better !   I decided that since i was in the area, i needed a low carb treat and since i've yet to try williams sugar free delights - now was the time.the have desserts and candy.  I like that they have the nutritional breakdown on each item so i can figure out the net carbs.picked up a cheesecake slice ( i believe it was $2.75 ) , a mini chocolate cream pie ( $2.50 ) and a small bag of peanut brittle ( $3.00 )  - the employee was very nice and helpful.the taste ?  the cheesecake was "off" - i'm thinking it's aged a little too long.  The pie - deceptive - very little chocolate pudding, alot of whip cream ( didn't eat the crust )  the brittle ( my munchy on the way back to so cal ) - needs more butter/salti gotta give a major edge to cheesecake factory and their net 6 carb cheesecake.i gotta try the eclairs and cream puffs ( net 10 carb - not bad ) Overall,  this place provides a great service - sugar free desserts are hard to come by - i will try again !
3	They had a variety of chocolates within a cse to choose from kinda pricey though but thats how it usually is I tried the maple walnut chocolate it was alright. They also had a lot of packeged sugar-free sweets along with pastries and such. I tried a danish it was alright. The man behind the counter was very friendly and wanted you to return back.
1	Not good. Threw away everything I bought. Blech. :-(
5	I had read about this place on the Internet. Got some salt water taffy and two pieces of cheesecake. All have been excellent. The man behind the counter was extrememly friendly and helpful. I will definately be ordering more in the future and it is worth the drive all the way across Las Vegas from Henderson.
5	This bakery is amazing!! I've been a customer here for years and having multiple family members with diabetes, it has been a blessing. I wasn't sure how sugar-free was going to taste but after having their homeade candies, I was shocked. The staff are always extremely pleasant and helpful, I enjoy the casual chit-chat, they really make you feel at home. I'm not sure how they manage that, since its just a bakery but they do. I really like that they have a punch-card system to earn freebies and raffles, this place is really fun.  I always refer people, it is truly a gem in Vegas.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I follow a low carb, low sugar lifestyle and Mrs. Williams gives me my sweet fix without all the guilt! I practically live here because of the delicious sugar free goodies, and even my sugar-gobbling friends love the baked goods here.The store itself is in a decrepit, run down shopping center next to a Church's Fried Chicken and some Asian "massage" parlors, but don't let that scare you! Inside the tiny shop you'll find a large case of chocolate candy (be sure to stop by at certain times of the year for special Valentine's Day, Christmas and Easter candy; they even stock sugar free chocolate Easter rabbits / jelly beans for your Easter basket), a case of fresh baked goods and pastries, and other assorted sugar free candy / snacks (sugar free Pop Rocks? YES PLEASE). There's a lot of sugar free goodness packed into this tiny space!I usually load up on the sugar free cheese pockets. These are flaky pastries with assorted sugar free fruit filling (try the blueberry and raspberry) and a cheese filling. The turnovers are good too (large, flaky pastries with SF apple or cherry filling), as are the almond filled bear claws. There are sugar free brownies, muffins, assorted cookies, napoleons, and chocolate eclairs! Yes! They are fresh and flaky and filled with a dense, rich, sugar free cream! There's also a wonderful assortment of sugar free pies, cakes, cheesecake, and individual mini pies. The selection changes daily, but there are always lots of tasty options. Prices range from $2.95 for a pastry up to $15 to whole pies. A real bargain for diabetics and those on diets. Mrs. Williams fresh-bakes all of these goodies so if you are lucky and get there early, you might get a fresh-from-the-oven-and-still-warm pastry! Note that some of her popular baked goods sell out quickly, especially on the weekend. If there's something you have your heart set on, call ahead and place a special order. Mrs. Williams herself is often working the counter so be sure to say hi! She is the sweetest lady and is so friendly! And make sure you get a pink punch card and get it stamped. Each time you make a $10 or more purchase, you get a stamp. Fill up the card (after 10 stamps) and you get $10 off your next purchase! Score! You can also get a free drawing ticket once a week for the weekly pie drawing. If your ticket wins, you get a free whole pie!And watch out, you will most likely be munching on your boxed goodies before you even leave the parking lot. My car has tons of tell-tale crumbs all over whenever I stop here.
5	This place is amazing if you are diabetic or if your are just trying to watch what you eat , great selection of sugar free candy a bit pricey but worth it
5	Five stars don't do this wonderful Bakery any justice. This is the only place in Vegas that carter for diabetics and a must to visit.  In my two week stay I visited Mrs Williams three times. The first time I met the fantastic Mrs Williams AKA Janet accolades to you for thinking of all the diabetics and sugar intolerant people and starting your business. I could not choose from all the varieties. On my second and third visit we were greeted by the gentlemen who was also very helpful and friendly. My favourites would have to be the Pineapple pastry, the coconut pie, blueberry pastry and cherry pinwheel. Truly a delight to your taste buds and you don't have to worry about Sugar. I wish I could have bought one of each home. Thanks again I wish you another 23 years of success. I will be going back on my next visit to Vegas.
4	My mom has diabetes and loves candy... Soo this place is like heaven for her! You totally get a small business feel when coming in here. Everything looks individually packaged by hand... hand made candy too! They have a huge variety for how small the store is. My mom has been back multiple times to get her sugar free candies. Its a little pricey compared to store bought sugar free candy but definitely worth it when you know you're supporting a small business.Everyone is also super friendly here too! They're no where near over bearing so we feel very comfortable coming here over and over again.
