5	Play All Day! Pet Care went above and beyond my expectations for my babies while I was on vacation. She not only came to my home to care for them, but took them to her home (since at the time she had room) to play her own very socializated dogs. My babies are having a vacation while I'm on vacation. What more could you ask for? Conni is THE BEST!!!! I wouldn't trust anyone else with my babies but Conni at Play All Day! Pet Care.
5	What isn't there good to say about Play All Day! Pet Care. She took perfect care of our two dogs and kept us up-to-date on what they were up to each day. We saw photos and they looked happy as can be. We had an ant infestation inside while we were out and Conni even took care of all that for us. Went way above and beyond what we expected! I highly recommend Play All Day! Pet Care for all your pet sitting needs.
5	I travel with my dogs a lot, but during those trips, my 2 cats have to be left home.  During a 2-week trip this fall, I had Conni take care of my cats in my home.  I received daily text messages from Conni letting me know how my kitties were doing - they're elderly cats, so I was very thankful for the daily updates!   They were kept happy and healthy by Conni the entire time I was gone!  I have also been to her house and seen the facility that she has for boading dogs in her home - it's beautiful and has a HUGE backyard with lots of room to run and play for those dogs that stay with her!
5	I had a very positive experience with Conni, who watched my two Yorkies while I was out of town for a few days.I called her up a few days before leaving town and we set up a time for me to come by her home and see the environment the dogs would be staying in.  As opposed to traditional boarding places, I liked that Conni is willing and able to provide more personalized care in terms of feeding instructions and time, administering medication, where they would sleep, and interactions with other dogs.  Her fee is reasonable, she is flexible with drop off and pick up times, and she provides regular updates via text messages and photos.My dogs seemed happy when I picked them up so that is a great sign.  I would definitely use her again when I need to board my dogs.
5	Oh! My! Gosh! This is the best place ever for dogs! Connie is SO nice. She sends pictures of your happy dogs. She's flexible, she's affordable, she's so personable. When we leave our small farm of animals behind, we want to know they are loved. With Connie, that has never been a worry. I know my dogs like going to her. I don't want to recommend her to too many people because I'm afraid she will run out of space for us! Thank you Connie!
5	Conni is the BEST!  I am moving out of town and wish I could take her with me.  My dog Ramona has so much fun when she stays at Play All Day!  They take Ramona for walks and play with her.  She gets to play with other dogs, but I am never worried my little mutt will be bullied.  She has a big yard, and she even sends me pictures of her running, playing, and snuggling.  She and Paul are smart, totally responsible, and are just great animal lovers.  Very flexible, accommodating, down to earth, trustworthy.  Really pretty inexpensive too, especially considering what complete peace of mind you get leaving your four legged family member with them.  5 million stars for Play All Day! Pet Care.
5	Connie is a dream come true for all pet parents! She treats my dogs as if they are her own and I couldn't feel more comfortable leaving them in her care. Her home is safe and the yard is awesome! My dogs love their play days and we love Play All Day!Pet Care!
5	I would not trust anyone but Connie to watch my dog.  The pictures she has posted of her clients are so cute and adorable.   She is so flexible and when she has watched my dog in the past, I would always get a text message about how she was doing.  Great place highly recommend.
5	Conni is the best pet care provider in the valley. We drive from North Scottsdale to Glendale and pass up many closer pet care providers, just to use her. She is affordable, flexible and truly cares about the animals. She sends pictures and videos of your pets and keeps you updated along the way.  One of my German Shepherds is a handful, and she handles him with ease. I would recommend Play All Day! Petcare to anyone needing care for their pets.
5	What Conni does is amazing!!! I met Conni through a local rescue. I adopted my dog Dee Dee through Conni. Dee Dee always remembers Conni and is a whole new dog when she gets home!! I also enjoy the update pics when im away! Conni is definitely doing something right!!! Thk you!
5	Connie is very friendly and accommodating. She cares about the interaction between the different dogs and was very attentive to any needs my dog had. I got updates in her progress during the day. I was very satisfied.
5	Words can't even describe how glad I am I found Connie!  Having never left my fur-babies alone with anyone else but family I was sooo nervous. My dogs aren't the friendliest so I can't just leave them with anyone.  Connie came over to meet me & my babies, she was so friendly & immediately put me at ease.  She went over everything with me & answered every question I had (which I had tons, I'm THAT crazy annoying dog mom).  Each time she visited she sent me a picture & a little update of my girls.  She also does dog sitting in her home.  I stopped by her home to pick up my keys & we discussed options of my girls staying with her in the future or just coming by for some doggie day care. I'm so glad I found someone I feel comfortable to leave my babies with!
