3	Ordered delivery from here. Decent delivery time to Holiday Inn Billy Graham -from placing the order to actual delivery only took about 25 minutes. My delivery person was very friendly and Japanese.  That's authentic...The menu is basic - not much on selection but the food is pretty good. I ordered the Hunan Chicken and a side of crab rangoon. The price was a little steep for delivery though. The menu conveniently forgets to tell you there is a minimum for delivery, and the charge is $1.00 for that convenience. All told, I spend $15.00 for a meal for one person. Again, what I got was pretty good. The Hunan Chicken is mildly spicy - if you're looking for real heat look somewhere else. The crab Rangoon is a little sweet but actually very good. HUGE portion though - I think I only ate a quarter of what they sent me. The rest will get eaten tomorrow on the way back to GA. I'll order from here again, though for the price it probably won't be often.
5	Great food, fast and friendly service. Perfect for lunch.
3	I had Fortune Cookie II's sesame chicken and egg roll lunch combination today.  Portions were rather large (enough for a second lunch, which is rare for me!) and I enjoyed the food.  The service was also excellent.I squeezed my order in just before the lunch rush; it took them ten minutes to prepare my food, which I feel is reasonable.  Not sure how that interval would increment once 12 o'clock rolls around.Not the best Chinese in Charlotte, but certainly better than most.  Three stars since the price was a bit steep for take-out.
4	I stopped in Fortune Cookie2 after having a bad experience with Wendy's. I had heard about this spot but never actually stopped in. Being here only about 4 yrs I have only found 1 chinese restaurant that I liked and it was way up S. Tryon by Target and we only go there when we reeeeeally want chinese because its a little out of the way.Fortune Cookie2 is excellent, I had chicken/shrimp & broccolli and I wanted my brocolli soft and they had my order correct and it tasted awesome. I totally reccommend Fortune Cookie2!!
4	Probably one of the best chinese restaurants i've ever eaten from!...Well, I guess that depends on what you usually order. I recently moved down here from Philly and I have to say the minimum for delivery is quite high at Fortune Cookie. When I called them, they told me that the minimum to order is 12 dollars.....I guess it's not that bad, but not when you're "almost broke" and just want something quick to eat.I ordered Chicken Chow Mein (which was very delicious), Egg Drop Soup & Singapore Mai Fun (Which has curry in it....I usually get Shrimp Mai fun (doesn't have any curry), so this was my first time trying it with the curry)....which was good....and the Spring Rolls were excellent!...(light, not too crispy and the cabbage wasn't all hard and sh*t) They're very organized when it comes to delivering your food, it looked so nice and neat...they didn't just slam your food on a styrofoam take out thingy and throw in a fork....they wrapped the forks in napkins and actually the plastic takeout thingy they put my Chow Mein in was quite stylish....made me feel like I got "quality food".Overall, good food...and they do deliver on Tyvola!....and they accept debit over the phone :-)...oh yeah, and the delivery guy had cool hair.Hope this helped!
1	My spicy tangerine beef was raw.  I can feel myself getting sick.
5	I've eaten from coast to coast and Fortune Cookie II is the best Chinese food I've had. I now reside in California but whenever I come back to the east coast, I make it a must to visit this place at least once. I've ordered the crab Rangoon, shrimp fried rice, cashew nut chicken, shrimp egg foo young and several other dishes and they're always consistent in preparation and delicious. The food is brought out in a timely manner and is priced well. The staff is always friendly and attentive.  This is definitely my go to spot for Chinese food in Charlotte.
1	I ordered shrimp fried rice ,the shrimp is not fresh . rice is burned . severs terrible . everything is so expensive! I never come back there!
5	There's something to be said for the workhorse restaurant, a place that may not be the fanciest or best looking, but which will always deliver amazing food time and time again.  Fortune Cookie is one of my workhorses.  I've never set foot in their dining area (and probably never will) yet they've consistently served me some of the best Chinese food I've had in Charlotte. They get a glowing 5 stars from me for many reasons:1) They're easy to order from over the phone2) The food is never greasy or heavy3) You can taste the quality of their ingredients4) They always deliver quicker than they quote5) Every member of the staff is friendlyThere's a good selection of dishes on their menu, so everyone should be able to find a taste they like.  My favorites have been the Chicken Teriyaki appetizers, Crab Rangoon, and the absolutely killer Singapore Mein Fun which I think is their best dish hands down.One last tip, they get busy as all hell so if you get a recording or a busy signal just call again.  You will eventually get through and it's definitely worth a couple of redials.
4	I used to come here weekly when i worked down the road. I love the place. Very quick. Food is very hot when it comes out. (But really..... why wouldn't it be??) I love the spring rolls, lo mein, very fresh veggies. ( I love steamed veggies... the snap peas actually SNAP...CRACKLE.. AND POP)Prices are reasonable, the dining area is nice and neat and clean. When you walk in the door, you're walking right into the check out stand. its in a strip mall (ohh did he say "STRIP MALL"... what's so bad about that? More reviews i read about a place being in a Strip Mall, most of the reviews have RAVE reviews about it.... ) steps down off SOAP BOX.If your not affraid of the Big Bad Strip Mall.... go have a good meal and enjoy!!Cheers
1	We got take-out and had terrible food. The Spring Rolls were very small and extra greasy with hardly any filling. In the Shrimp with Broccoli, the shrimp were not fresh at all -- they were small frozen shrimp thawed and cooked until slimy. None of our dishes had any real spice or flavor. Really bad experience.
3	I really have only eaten the steamed veggies and chicken from here so I cant give a totally detailed review, but this place is close, seems clean (always get take out) and the staff is nice and chatty. The brown sauces that comes with the steamers is good and garlicky and not just thick and viscous like some places. I would recommend getting a steamer if you want something light and you can certainly share. It is a huge portion! Would be a good meal in the beginning of the New Year when you think you want to loose weight for your resolution. ;)
4	Chinese food on a Sunday afternoon...Yes please! Fortune Cookie II left a menu on my door a couple of weeks ago and my boyfriend and I decided to give them a try. After several unsuccessful attempts to find good Chinese food that would deliver in my area, I kept my fingers crossed that this place would be a winner...and lucky for me it was awesome! The staff was amazing when I called they confirmed my address and then asked for my order...I asked what she suggested if I wanted something spicy and she gave me several options which was very helpful. I was finally ready and ordered an appetizer of Crab Rangoon, Honey Chicken and the Firecracker shrimp. They quoted me 30 minutes and thanked me for my order...and true to the time promised our food arrived in 30 minutes. And the delivery driver was such a sweetheart! He greeted me with a smile and thanked me for the order three times! Now that's what I call excellent customer service! The Crab Rangoon appetizer was delicious! Very crispy on the outside and the filling of cream cheese, and crab meat was great. The sweet and sour sauce was a perfect compliment with each bite! They were an excellent way to start the meal. I had the Firecracker shrimp with fried rice and it was very good. The shrimp was prepared in a sweet yet spicy sauce with diced onions. I loved the flavors in this dish! Mixed with the fried rice, every bite was simply delectable! The boyfriend had the honey chicken with steamed rice, it smelled delicious! I didn't try any but he said it was delicious. With the perfect amount of flavor and sweetness. And based on the fact that he finished all of it I'm going to say he would definitely recommend it and order it again. Overall I was super pleased with the meal! And after so many unsuccessful attempts it's nice to finally having a "go to" place for quick Chinese delivery. They now have two new customers!
4	I've been here more times than I can count !  I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to hot and sour soup and they have THE BEST.   Get a to-go soup and it's a meal by itself!  My vegetarian wife loves their lettuce wraps (sub tofu for chicken).  I'm not a great fan of the chicken that's not part of sesame or sweet and sour or orange (both are great). Just not done to my taste. Pork is a little better.  Beef and shrimp are tops. Always have leftovers, just can't finish (and feel good about it!) a full plate. Best tip: sub in soup instead of egg roll (not cause the egg roll isn't good, just that the soup is the best!)
5	Was visiting my sister in law in Charlotte and we ordered the food it was delicious and a very affordable best chinese I have had in Charlotte
4	Very good Chinese, indeed. I must disagree with those on here who say it is the best Chinese in Charlotte,  because it isn't.  However, that being said, it is the best Chinese close to me who delivers! I had my usual sweet and sour chicken with a spring roll and the crab rangoons. It was yummy and hit just the right spot.  The spring roll was crispy inside and out, while the crab rangoons could have had a little more stuffing. The chicken and rice portions were large and will make two meals! The service was extremely friendly and fast. I pinned the menu to my fridge and will be ordering from here again. I highly recommend!
5	Fast deliveryEasy to order Wide selectionDeliciousWill order from here in the future;) NO DOUBT
4	Great service...  Got dinner to go...  General Tso chicken,  fried rice, and egg rolls...  A can't miss favorite.....
1	Worst Chinese food experience I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. This restaurant ought to be titled "Fortune Cookie - The Deuce" because the quality of the food, atmosphere, and service belong in a dimly lit bathroom stall. The server made it to the table one time to take our order, I was out of water through half of my meal. The food was bland, chicken full of cartilage, and nauseating. Asked for my chicken spicy, yet cannot taste any flavor whatsoever. No one should ever go here... like ever again. Ever.
4	Had a delivery order here tonight. The food was ready good. I had shrimp egg foo young with a side of house special fried rice. My girlfriend had pepper steak. I like the fact there are veggies in my rice. Lots of bean sprouts and eggs ( which I love). My order came to the house fast. The only down side was the gravy it was watery and salty. This will be my go to spot for Chinese take out.
4	Still a great cheap Americanized chinese restaurant. For a change of pace, try ordering a dish with different sauce than normal.As my old review was overwritten by this one (yelp indicated it would only supplant the rating)...Highly recommend replacing egg roll with their best-in-town hot and sour soup.
5	This is my favorite Chinese food place in my area. They are reasonably priced and they have the best fried rice (totally rhymed by accident. The best part it that if you live in the Ayrsley/Whitehall area they deliver!!! You have to spend at least $15, but the are very fast!
3	I went here hoping to find General Tso's tofu, but they do not offer that.  I ordered the Ma Po Tofu and it was just OK.  To be fair I have never had this dish before (from any Chinese restaurant), so I really didn't know what to expect.  The spicy brown sauce was good, but the tofu was incredibly soft, and crumbly which I did not care for (though this may just be characteristic of the dish itself).  The dish tasted good, it just wasn't for me.  The vegetable spring rolls were small, but very tasty!  The service was good/fast, and they are friendly as well.  I will likely order from here again, but definitely try something different!
5	Ridiculously fresh and good food! I had the house special rice, steamed dumplings, crab rangoon and egg rolls (2 people). I will definitely eat here again. The shrimp sauce was delicious too!
2	Food is terrible.   Chicken was definitely frozen and just microwaved.   Lo mein is a 4 out of 10.   Will never order from here again.
2	So sad, Fortune Cookie II is my favorite Chinese food in my area.  Today, however, I was so disappointed.  My General Chicken was very overcooked and cold when delivered.I hope this isn't an indication of things to come.   Hopefully it is just a bad day.
3	I eat here a couple of times a month. Take out is fast and good size portion. The food is cooked when ordered so it is fresh and hot. Scallops have sand so I avoid anything with them. Everything else is recommended.
