4	I first called Rem A D when I wanted to change out some really ugly nasty glass (circa 1971)  in a bathroom.   I had already had a very unpleasant and expensive experience with another glass company and saw a coupon for Rem AD and decided to give them a try.  They were great over the phone going over the different styles of safety glass I could choose from that were tempered and not a fortune.  They were on time, reasonably priced and they cleaned up after themselves. ( the previous company I used had managed to leave a trail of broken glass across my property)  I have since had them out several times to replace all of my screens and to fix a sliding glass door.
5	Outstanding same day service!!!I was calling around looking for someone to come out and fix my sliding glass door that leads out to the patio. The bottom track that the rollers go on had broken due to wear and tear. I first contacted a company that quoted me $265.00 to repair the door and they would not be able to come out for another week. I then tried K & J Windows due to their 5 star yelp rating. The nice woman and K & J explained that they do not handle repairs and referred me to Rem A D. I contact Rem A D and believe I spoke to Debbie who was very polite and professional. She said she could have someone out there the same afternoon to take a look at the door. She was upfront and stated that they may have to order parts so I wouldn't hear back from her until the following morning with a quote. Within the hour Alberto was contacting my girlfriend who was at the house. He stated that he was around the corner and could be by in a couple minutes. Alberto diagnosed the problem and quoted us $155.00 to fix it right then and there. He was able to replace the track within a hour and was out the door. The door works perfect and we couldn't be happier with the exceptionally quick and courteous service we received from Rem A D. I highly recommended giving them a call first if you need any repairs completed on your sliding glass door.
5	I am a Realtor and this company took great care of my buyers,  5 fogged window replacements were part of the buyers repair requests and Rem A D always did what they said they would do. I will be using them again soon.
