4	I've enjoyed Harajuku Kitchen's food at Stockbridge market for a while, so was excited to learn that they have recently opened a bistro and was eager to try it.Inside it's streamline and minimalist. With cute and quirky little Japanese trinkets around the place, a large canvas mural on the back wall and Japanese tableware giving it character.I loved their menu. Differing from other Japanese restaurants in Edinburgh by offering some more exotic and authentic Japanese food along with Scottish/Japanese fusion dishes. From what i've read, the menu seems to be kept fresh by changing according to season/availability of the best produce available. Drinks such as Genmai Tea and Ramune Lemonade (worth ordering just for the novelty bottle) also offer a nice alternative to the ubiquitous Green Tea and Asahi. They do not serve alcohol but do have a BYOB policy, without charge.I had the Agedashi Tofu and assorted Sashimi (including the catch of the day) with Wafu Salad. The first thing I noticed were the portions. They are generous and a little more satisfying in comparison to other Japanese restaurants in town and are certainly good value. The second was the quality of the fish; fresh, perfectly prepared and complimented by crisp vegetables and a sweet, citrus dressing. Even the notoriously flavour-resistant Tofu had a tasty, smoky flavour and light texture, served in a perfectly seasoned Dashi broth. Having eaten previously from their stall at Stockbridge Market I can also vouch for their appetising Gyoza and Udon dishes.The staff are faultless. We were greeted by the incredibly hospitable chef/owner Kaori and served by a waitress that obviously knew the menu and Japanese food in general. Overhearing a number of other customers asking questions about dishes, including customisations, which were impressively accommodated without hassle.My only criticism would be the lack of seating. It's in a great location and has been busy the couple of times i've passed and will undoubtably grow in popularity. I don't want to lose out on a table in the future!
5	Commander Riker said, "Blondes and jazz seldom go together." I'm not sure how fair that is to blondes, but until Harajuku Kitchen I'd have said it was a good generalisation with regard to green tea.Somehow, it works. Harajuku Kitchen is a beautiful and ungimmicked Japanese restaurant more interested in a good dining experience than being a food theme park. In a delightful pale pink bomb of East Meets West, it fuses soft candlelight, gentle jazz, wooden flooring and chopsticks to create a relaxing and extremely enjoyable mealtime. Harajuku is the area of Tokyo best known for its funky street style subcultures such as Lolita, but the eponymous Kitchen is far more subtle in its decor.Kaori is a wonderfully cheerful hostess, seemingly thrilled with her establishment (rightly). The first time I came I was able to work by the window using the free wifi (mega Cressi bonus points) as the tea came in abundance. More recently, I came here with Moray L for lunch on a torrentially rainy day. Inside, it was peaceful and oh so warm. We could feel cosy, forgetting the world outside.Oh and the food! It's all very well having a beautiful and comfortable little place (little is the word!) but if the food don't cut the mustard then kind words won't butter no parsnips and... I'm mixing my analogies... In a foodie confusion caused by the joy of this meal. My tonkatsu was amazing - a goodly portion of delicious, tender pork and flavoursome rice of just the right stickiness to handle easily with chopsticks. The value is very good too; most dishes are under a tenner and if they're all as good as mine (Moray's chicken was to die for too) then you really can't go wrong.I'm just glad I don't live in Bruntsfield or I would never have any money. I think every meal would end up being bought from HK. Oh yes. Did I mention they do takeaway?
5	Move over wagamama this is now my favourite Asian place and even better it's independent - woot!When I saw dumplings, that was it.  This was my light meal - yes I'm a sucker for these pork dumplings.  I choose the vegetables version too, just to get my greens!  Both were tasty, in fact the vegetable ones had a nice kick to them.I'll defo bring the other half here. no doubt about that.  And I'm intrigued to try other dishes other than dumplings!The decor is really nice - east meets west.  Wooden floors boards and paintings on the wall are simple enough to give it character.  The menu is equally as good if not better as there is plenty to choose from.  I don't know much a bout Japanese food but this could be an education that starts right here!
4	I always butcher the word nigiri even though sushi is my fortay and I was born in Japan. Finally got to stop into this charming little Japanese bistro for a quick lunch. I must say I do like the place. It has a very attractive decor that reminds me of the Pacific Northwest ( Seattle , Vancouver ect ) and I knew immediately that it would be tasty. I was greeted by a lovely waitress and was allowed to pick my own table . The menu is a good size , not to small not to big. I ordered a simple lunch of Tuna nigiri , salmon Maki and a sweet potato tempura hand roll. I do prefer the simpler rolls because usually if the simple rolls are good at a place the rest of the food is bound to be . I especially liked the tuna nigiri . It was a different cut from the fish and was a bit firmer but also melted in your mouth. Usually your tuna cut is very soft and easily comes apart but having a bit firmer cut that has the characteristics of the normal sashimi cuts was very refreshing! I am told by the owner that it is cut from the belly of the fish and that they buy a whole fish from the market and the chefs prepare it and cut it all themselves. Note, most sushi places do not buy the whole fish they buy specific cuts and then take from there. This is very unique to a place like Edinburgh that doesn't have your sushi places like Seattle or San Diego or of course Japan. I'd stop in just to try different cuts from the fish and promote places that do this. The salmon maki was also quite good and the salmon was nice and buttery in terms of texture . I quite enjoyed it. The tempura hand roll was also yummy just a little to much rice for me but that's ok. The tempura itself was perfect. I do wish the wasabi was a bit hotter but I know it's hard to find real wasabi . I did get to chat a bit with the owner who told me about their up coming plans and a little bit about the business and such. Nice gentleman . I will be coming back to try some more of the dishes. Just remember this place is a Japanese Bistro not a sushi restaurant so there is more to try here then just sushi, and I have a feeling it will be just as good if not better!
5	Great place, great staff, great food. We got lost on the way and called staff who were so helpful. After that, the food didn't disappoint! Will definitely be back.
3	I'll admit this place is close to being 4 stars but a few things caused it to fall short. I think the biggest problem this place is its desire to serve all the dishes you order at the same time as you would in a European restaurant. I'm happy enough to get all my food at once, just not that happy for it to mostly arrive lukewarm. I'd be totally happy for the small dishes to arrive as and when they're ready given that they're being sold in tapas size portions. Other gripes included there being a fairly rubbish smell in the restaurant, as well as it being quite cold. Positive stuff!The food is good! Temperature problems aside I enjoyed all the dishes I ordered, the tofu was AMAZING! Why isn't tofu always that tasty? Also this place has some really tasty beers on the go, I had a delicious vanilla-y one with Japanese hops by barney's. Tasty! I'm not sure I'll be in a massive rush to go back to harajuku, but I'd be happy to go back again for sure.
5	Let me start with I love this place. Now that we have established that, I can go on and talk about why. It has a simple and charming decoration, which gives a great Japanese atmosphere.The sushi is brilliant. Every roll is made out of fresh and tasty ingredients, with great combinations of tastes and textures, all beautifully rolled and presented on very nice plates. My personal favourite is the spider roll, lovely soft shell crab with crunchy lettuce and avocado, an absolute delight. The dragon roll is also very well done and tasty, its a must.For the vegetarians, or you just don't feel like raw fish, the garden roll is very tasty with tamago (sweet omelet), shitake, kanpyo (Japanese fruit shavings), Avocado and mayonnaise. It tastes as good as it sounds.As for non sushi food, the udon was fantastic. I also love the fact they have weird but cool Japanese drinks, like fizzy yogurt and some sort of japanese vanilla sprite that comes in a cool bottle... The staff are very nice and friendly, they even gave me samples of these drinks after I pulled a confused face. Verdict - Great and cool little place with tasty sushi, nice staff and many other interesting things worth trying.Parking is hard to find, and/or it costs, after 18:30 its free. The food price is on the high side but worth it. Enjoy :)
5	The food is brilliant! Try the slow cooked pork belly. And the sushi, of course.  It's got a lovely relaxed atmosphere, great service, and perfect size. Really excellent Japanese food, but not a trace of arrogance. Go!
