3	So what can you say about a bank, you go there, deposit your money and you leave.  All the staff here are very nice when you go in, they don't "attack" you when you walk in like some other banks that shall remain nameless but will "CHASE" you outta there with all their fake "can I help you". But the staff here are all very nice and helpful.
3	It's a Bank... You either Hate it or Love it. The hubster & I went in to deposit some cash before we head to Trader Joe's and the teller wouldn't give up on getting me to apply for a CC. Told him No and he just kept yapping.... Its a Nice Bank... and a convenient location so I'll go back.
4	Not our usual location, but had to stop in here at very nearly closing time. Greeted as we entered and the place was busy. Still, did not have to wait and was taken care of quickly. Good job guys!
5	Great service, greets guests, proactive, and helpful. One of the best WellsFargo branches I have visited.
1	I was very displeased with this Wells Fargo. I went in, in a hurry, to cash a check that I needed to do my errands that day. After the girl had gotten my cash, she hesitated to hand it to me and asked me if I had a credit card. I said no because I don't want one. She continued to go on and on about this stupid credit card and kept hassling me. Then the banker who was greeting at the door comes over because apparently he had nothing better to do, and started hassling me about the credit card too. He asked me how old I was and I told him 21, which I am. And he started making fun of me for not having one. Really? I came here to get my check cashed. Not to get hassled by a bunch of bored bankers. I understand that they have to make a quota or whatever it may be, but I said no, and that means no. So leave me alone. I won't ever be returning to this bank. This is why I always get direct deposit because I don't want to deal with these idiots.
5	Teller at the drive up window was great! Friendly and quick service. Didn't ask me stupid questions or make me jump through hoops to cash a check and withdraw money. Lately Wells Fargos have been slipping in their customer service department but not this one!
1	Am so disappointed in this bank.If you wanna wait along time this is the right place .its not just once it's every time.They see no urgency I don't want to talk about my weekend just deposit  my money plz .am never gonna go in this one again.
1	I am about to be a "former" Premier customer with this bank.  I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.   A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.  They voided the sale, however Wells Fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!  I have the voided slip... still nothing!  If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.  If not, find somewhere else to go to.  The fact is, they just have people read off of the computer screens and tell you "they are sorry, but they can't help you".
