5	The best fast food sandwich place evah! EVAH! Puts Subway, Quizno's, Schlotsky's and even the cutesy mom and pop ones to shame! Oh the bread. The crusty and delicious bread. The shredded lettuce. The perfectly round and red slices of tomato...Damn it I can't get to Vegas quick enough now! I would give a limb  to have a JJ's in Los Angeles. The #1 Pepe is the best ham and cheese I have ever had!And to top it all off this place is CHEAP!
5	Best Italian sub I've ever had!  Their portions are great, especially for the price.  My husband and I shared their larger Italian sub and each got a drink and bag of chips for around $10!  Their Italian sub wasn't drenched in vinagrette like most sandwich shops have the habit of doing...the mayo was also delectable!  I haven't tried the other sandwiches there but I'm sure they are tasty!  It's about 10 minutes from the strip.
5	Jimmy! I miss you and your good ole number 9. We go way back to '04. Sometimes I get stuck eating Subway and think about how much better you are. Everything minus the ham and add the peppers. I seriously don't know how you make a sandwich so fast, but keep it up. I even love the way it sometimes slides out of the back (of the sandwich) due to the vinaigrette. Oh Jimmy, next time I come to town, I won't be coy and slide you in as a recommendation to whoever is driving on one of our many road trips, next time you are my number one stop. Promise.
5	Dear Jimmy Johns,I love you.  Ever since we first met in 1996 in East Lansing, MI, your #8 was there for me, in good times and bad, loaded with the best stuff money can by.  Your mayo is delectable, your cheese, delish.. and lets not talk about the veggies, mkay?  And your bread... oh the bread!  Lets take a moment of silence!  ...................................Ok.  Unfortunately, LA does not have one (which makes no sense, as subway, Quiznos and every other sub place out there is sub-par at best) so I have to deal with the 4 1/2 drive to Vegas to delight in your goodness.  But its worth it ('specially cause I buy 3 and take em home!)  Please move to LA soon cause I dont know how I am making it without you.Love always,W
4	I have been going to Jimmy Johns Sandwich shop for 2 years now.I absolutely love there sandwiches and trust me Im a big fan. But today when I came in I was very disappointed. When I received my #9 I had ask the nice guy at the counter for 4 out of the hundereds that were in the giant box of packets of yellow mustard. He said he was only able to give me 2, 2 packets of yellow mustard for the giant sandwich I had in front of me was a joke. He said he would have to charge me 25 cents for a 5 cent packet of mustard. Thats like going to Mcdonalds and ordering 2 large frys and getting two packets of ketchup to fulfill your needs. When I asked Derek why would he have to charge a absurd price he stated "Because Jimmy doesnt want you to ruin your sandwich". Iam from the greatest country on Earth the United States of America,If I want to I should have the right to put what ever I please on a sandwich. I understand that Derek was doing his job and doing what he was told, so I asked for the "head" manager he directed me to Maranda(mustard natzi) a short overweight bitter woman, you could tell she was picked on in school by the look on her face and it was her mission to get back at the world. Anyways she was sitting there while all this was happening and she heard everything that was said. She would not give me the time of day, all she said was "company policey" then  continued to do what ever it was she was doing. This is not right. I had to buy some candy from a local 7-11 just to get my mustard packets. This was the worst experice Ive ever had at one of there locations.
1	The sandwich was good but what's with the charging $1 extra if I want it on wheat bread??Oh you want to eat healthier, it's gonna cost you! How about charging extra for holding the mayo? It's the principle. I'm not coming back.
3	For 2 years I've been driving by @jimmyjohns. Today I stopped in.I am always hesitant of any place that has "Gourmet" in the name, that usually just means OVERPRICED.Right away you are greeted by everyone ready to take your order. Immediately you will notice a small menu board of ONLY cold lunchmeat sandwiches-no phillys,pizzas,etc.I ordered a #14-Roast beef & turkey on wheat. $7Don't get me wrong it was all fresh and a tasty lunchmeat sandwich but nothing to write home about. I'll keep driving by in the future.ps they DELIVER
2	I only go to this place if I'm hungry with no options. Even when I paid to get an upgraded sandwich with the promise of more meat, it was anything but. Two slices of turkey, hardly any avocado , and a heap of lettuce. No thanks. I'll just drive to Subway and get a $5 foot long.
4	Love the roll, meat us very good, and you can add oil, vinegar, spices etc. However, for the love of god will you PLEASE get regular dill pickle chips for the sandwiches.  I know you can get a whole kosher pickle, but I like the dark green dills!  The hunter club and the porker are my favs.
5	Best chain subs you can get.
2	After hearing how great Jimmy John's is, I decided to go in myself and see what all the fuss was about. To be honest the sandwich wasn't good. I gave them 2 stars for having good customer service and for being so quick.
4	They deliver in like five minutes. Have ordered lunch from there for the past two days at work. Sandwiches always fresh and always fast.  You make being broke ok LOL. Their sandwiches are good and hella cheap. Not the best sub place but hey they deliver and its guaranteed within 15minutes. That makes up for any complaint especially for someone like me who is always so busy that i forget to eat lunch. This place has definitely saved me from passing out due to low blood sugar. Thanks Jimmy Johns!
3	I was really torn between 2 or 3 stars on this one. For the name and the hype, I expected something really fantastic tasting. It really wasn't anything special, but it wasn't bad at all.They did deliver super fast. Their online ordering experience was cool. I got the italian nightclub sandwich, and like I said, it was good, but there was nothing special about it whatsoever. I could make it at home. I would probably try it again, but there are so many other places I would go first.
4	I can't pinpoint exactly what it is that separates JJ's from the other sandwich shops, but there is something about this place that makes them much tastier than the competition. The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  The service is laid-back, but friendly and FAST.  Beyond that I can't really tell you why you should stop by here, I can just promise you that after you try this place, you won't want to go to the other places anymore.
5	I loved this place and would eat here almost once a week, but i went there Friday (5/27/11) and it said it was closed and relocating.
5	This place is the bomb. When they say so fast it is freaky, they mean it. One time they knocked on my door just as I was picking up the phone to order...No not really, but pretty damn close. They are fast, delicious and the prices are good! Everything has always been fresh, the employees are friendly and helpful and I smile every time I order. I am not a sandwich person. The only sandwich I enjoy is the meatball sub from subway with lettuce, tomatoes...wait, stop looking at me like that. The people always give me that look too..whats wrong with veggies on a meatball sub? And oil and vinegar? Anyhoo...I am not a sandwich person at all. I never make them at home and think they are pretty useless to me for the most part. However, Jimmy Johns has shown me a love of sammiches. An obsession. I literally ordered six days in a row the first time I tried them. I know they probably tought I was an mmorpg nerd  who doesnt leave the house for food ever. Try them...you will not regret it! NOM NOM NOM
2	This is one grade above subway...and that might be a tad generous. There is nothing that says I must come back. There delivery is fast because they only deliver within in about a mile radius....heck some kenyan could offer fast delivery for that distance.Tuna was from a can, add mayo, put some sprouts, some cucumber, and a piece of cheese on an okay piece of bread...wait....I could do this at home.
