4	Some people pop the cork on champagne when they're starting a new chapter in life. Some throw confetti. Some even become introspective and ponder the meaning of life. And others, I'm sure, just decide to get freaky with it. As for me, I marched my determined, happy arse up to the front doors of SRP to turn on electricity in my new place. Having already spoken to somebody on the phone earlier that week, I was told I would have to stop in to show some ID. Annoying. Yet, when I walked into the main office (tucked close to the Zoo and Firefighters Museum), I was relieved to be greeted by a young, friendly woman. She was soft spoken, which, in turn, made me soft spoken. She was polite, which, in turn, made me polite. Let's face it, nobody looks forward to dealing with companies that control your ability to blow dry your hair in the morning. I flashed my ID, answered a couple questions and waited patiently while she went to fetch information about my plan - which included a free magnet. Nice! It was almost so quick and painless that for a half-second I thought I had conjured the entire experience. And, on a different note, kudos to SRP for their EarthWise Energy Program - an easy way to help improve the environment. Just $3 a month and you can contribute to solar projects. Also, with Trees for Change, you can also help plant trees in forests that were destroyed by fires.I don't know about you, but I feel like just doing a little bit more for the environment makes it that much easier to sleep at night - not to mention run the dishwasher without feeling like your wasting entirely too much water/power.
1	Rip off!  Stop raising our rates you douche bags. Get your crap together, cut some of your worthless emoployees and bring our rates back down.
5	SRP has been the BEST utility company that I have ever had to deal with.  The online tools that are offered are absolutely perfect!  You can have notifications sent to your phone that alert you of what your monthly SRP bill is averaging, tools that show you and explain the different plans and a great customer support phone line.  I called and changed my plan from Basic to Time of Use Plan, which is saving me about $80.00 per month (summertime usage).  I was on the phone for maybe 4 minutes, and tool the phone survey.  I received a follow up phone call within minutes making sure that everything I needed was handled appropriately!  I cant say enough about SRP!!
1	I am very upset with SRP and their inability to work with my new small business. I was charged $1800 as a deposit, $90 for "set-up" fees, and now I am additionally being charged a service fee of $60 per bill on top of the actual charge for electricity, which comes out to more than 20% of my total bill. I have called them 3 times during the 6 weeks I have been in business and no one has been able to work with me on any of these issues. The staff is friendly but completely ineffective. From my experience, I am dealing with a monopoly that is blind to the current recession. I am doing my best to establish a thriving working business but with all the additional fees and charges I am spending on electricity, I am being nickel and dimed into debt. I am not asking to not pay my bill I am only asking that my service fees be reduced to a more reasonable rate and not 20% of my total bill. This to me is an unfair practice that preys on people working hard to stay afloat. The only option that was given to me is to let my account go into collections. Again ridiculous! I should be able to pay my bill on time without being over charged. All I am asking for is a fair rate!
5	after dealing with Southern California Edison in Los Angeles, i'm completely in super platonic love with SRP. not only are the bills ridiculously easy to understand, their online services kick ass. its so easy to pay your bill online, keep track of your usage, and see how you compare with other people with similar square footage. they also are great about sending coupons for really useful things like insulating windows and sunshades. SRP is alright with me. i hope i never have to switch to another provider as long as i'm here.
4	I had an energy-sucking, dinosaur fridge that I replaced several months ago. The dinosaur was hanging out in my garage, and not knowing how to get it removed, I randomly contacted SRP; they scheduled a time to pick it up at no charge. The best part, they pay you $30!AWESOME! Fantastic program!Wonderful customer service!They recycle these dinosaurs...HOORAY for our ENVIRONMENT!I highly recommend that you contact them, if you have are in the same situation. For your convenience, I have included the website/contact info below:http://www.srpnet.com/energy/powerwise/savewithsrp/appliancerecycling.aspx ilike
5	three words: Pre Paid Electric.I love SRP and could not complain even if i tried to. They have a pre paid electric option and of course i jumped right on that. No surprise bill at the end of the month, you pay what you want as the month goes on $10 here $50 here, whatever you want/need to put on. You keep a nifty little box in your house that manages your monthly usage. Even breaks  down the usage by hour and day. I love knowing EXACTLY how much i am spending. You get a card to go with the box and you can load the card at any local SRP express location( in grocery stores) and insert the card into your box at home and BAM just like that bill is paid. i don't know about you but I'm all about convenience :)
1	SRP Sucks!!!!!!! They charge an initial $275 deposit. I was somewhat okay with this. Phoenix is a big city and I can understand that they need to make sure you pay for what they're providing. I was not aware however, that every time you're late paying your bill, they will shut off your power immediately (no warning, or grace period) and for each time you're late - they charge you ANOTHER $275 DEPOSIT!!!!!!!!!! SRP is not required to give this money back to you until you terminate services with them. They say you'll get your deposit back after 18 months, but I've just read several consumer complaints online saying otherwise. Apparently, they assess your credit after 18 months, and if it doesn't meet their criteria they don't have to give your deposit back. Also, if you've had even ONE late payment, they do not have to give you your deposit back after 18 months. Can you imagine how much of the Valley's money they're sitting on right now? I've only used SRP for 4 months now and because I was late on one payment, I've now accrued over $600 in fees and deposits - this doesn't even include my power bill. Total crooks. I HATE SRP and I hope the people that run this company get what they deserve some day.
1	Seriously, they are not business friendly.Why can you not pay their overpriced bills with a credit card. If they are going to screw you,  you should at least get points with your C.C.Why do we not have another choice for our electric?
1	Another $1500 deposit! Really! I hate all of you! Might I add that I DO pay my bills in full every month and have never been late! .......but yet I am still considered "high-risk"! Did I mention I have perfect credit!?! Someone needs to take this monopoly down. If there are any other power companies out there please let me know I will switch my service in a heart beat.
5	I've been a customer of SRP since July of 2007 when I had to get electric service put in my name.  I fell in love with them from the start, and have nothing but awesome things to say about them.  For starters their rates are much better then APS from what I have seen.  They have a variety of pricing options and plans for everyone no matter what your circumstance.I personally have M Power and wish this feature was in Michigan where I moved from back in 2005.  Why?  because I can monitor my electric usage, and it saves me tons of money.  Did you know that people who use M Power use 20% less electricity then those that recieve a bill?  Why? Because you can monitor it all the time!  Plus, there's no bill!  I keep quite a high balance on my M power machine since electricity during the summer is much more expensive, and the winter months are cheaper on the electric bills and pocket book.During the summer of 2010 (June through August), I found myself unemployed after getting downsized at my job of 5 years.   I was lost, and worried about finding new employment, and while I waited it out in the summer heat, I called SRP to see if there was anything I could do to save money on my electric bill while I found a new job and received unemployment.  They told me about a plan for people in my situation that allows people in my circumstance to receive a $17 monthly bill credit for up to 12 months while I find a new job.  You don't have to pay the $17 back, and when you go to the SRP machines to put money on, you receive the credit at the beginning of every month.  I did that for 3 months, and even though I keep a high balance it was the peace of mind knowing that they had my back.  (that was a total of $51 over the course of 3 months in electricity credits!  especially in July, thats like 2 free weeks of electric!)I also had an outage in September of 2010 due to a meter problem.  I had a new M power box at my door within the hour, and a service man was at my door within 2 hours of that!  SRP completely handled the situation, and got me back up and running between the time I got home from work and the time I went to bed. Plus, their customer service people are always so nice and friendly..I wish other states and electric companies would model themselves after SRP and how they run their electricity business.  So many options with pricing! I also LOVE M POWER. If other states would even pick up something like M Power, we could save so much energy!Keep up the good work SRP, and you always make me happy!
1	All I can say is it must be nice to be a Government-endorsed monopoly.  When I lived in Chicago, I thought ComEd, "An Exelon Company", was bad- sneeze, and the power goes out, constant rate hikes, etc.  I never thought a utility company could be worse.  Then I moved to Arizona, and found myself subject to SRP.Granted, the power hardly ever goes out- I think I've lost power maybe 3 times since being here.  But they are as bad, if not worse than ComEd and the constant rate hikes.  For what?  Increased profit margins?  You are a public utility- a monopoly.  Why do you need to make a profit?  What are you spending it on and where?  I'm not kidding- I really want to know.Oh, and don't even think about trying to reduce your energy consumption by installing solar- their incentives are less than half of the rebates from APS.Which really begs the question- if we already have two power companies here in the valley, why can't a customer choose one or the other?I'm already on the "time of use" plan, and I'm extreme about it.  Even though I work from home, I keep my thermostat set to 88 degrees from 1:00 to 8:00 PM.  My pool pump doesn't go on until 9:00 PM.  I don't cook inside in the summer.  Laundry?  Only after 8:00 PM, even on the weekends.  No sense in heating up the house, and making the AC kick on any more than it has to.  I'm even thinking of putting in a clothes line- because really, in the land of 110 degree heat and single-digit humidity, do we really need an electric dryer?Sure, I supposedly "save" money on the Time-Of-Use plan, but my bill is still almost $200 a month in the summer.  So I look into their so-called "Budget Billing" option... my 12-month average works out to be just under $155.00.  Cool, totally reasonable, I guess, but wait- what's this?  To take advantage of their so-called "Budget (Busting) Billing", they want me to pay $260.00 PER MONTH?!?!?! $105.00 per month over my average bill, and $60 over my summer peak bills?  For what?  So you can stick it in the bank, collect interest to pad your profit margin, and still raise rates every year or so?  I have two words for you, and they aren't "Howdy, neighbor".If I can help it at all, I will not buy another house in SRP's coverage area.  I'll install Solar on my own dime.  And I won't give you free money just so you can keep the interest.  And I'm going to call and complain and expect a credit every time the lights flicker- for even a second.  If I'm going to be held hostage, it's going to be on my terms.
5	I have nothing but good to say about SRP.  I have been a customer of theirs for 13 years and they have never been anything other than attentive, professional and courteous.  I recently went through the complex prosess of getting solar power for my home and SRP walked me through it, every step of the way.  If only the post office and DMV were run as well as SRP....
5	So, so very thankful that Salt River Project sent their electrical repair team to Lake Island this afternoon to correct/replace the worn electrical wire that was shorting out and leaving 4 homes - including mine- with low or no power for lights or appliances.  Within the first hour of calling for repair a team of four men were on our street determining the source of the problem and then digging up the old wire and replacing it.  It was a tedious job and was raining the entire time.  The team showed up shortly after 4:00pm.  I left at 7:00pm to go to a movie so I wouldn't have to sit in the dark.  SRP had to turn off the electric to the homes involved with the problem.  I returned around 9:00pm and they were still digging to make sure they got all the bad wire.  They knew they would have to come back if it wasn't done right.  At approximately 9:30pm they completed the wire repair/replacement and were on their way to the next home with electrical problems because of the rain.  These men were friendly , knowledgeable and competent.  I was so worried my house had wires which shorted because of the rain and I would have to hire an electrician but SRP found the wiring problem was theirs and took care of it.  I am thankful they are such a good utility company!!  Thank you, SRP!!!
5	We had an issue and got amazing service from these folks, start to finish.  We had really odd electrical problems in our rental house (lights going dull and then bright every time any appliance kicked on, or just every so often).  We mentioned it to our landlord, who said he'd look into it in a few months (and then didn't).  We also mentioned it to his electrician during a different repair - the electrician told us it's an old house and we're stuck with odd electrical issues.Finally, we asked an electrical consultant who told us we weren't getting enough power.  We called SRP, and they had someone out to the house within about an hour.  He was incredibly polite and helpful, and informed us that our electricity had groundwire problems and was too dangerous to turn back on, but that it would be repaired immediately (within the next 4-6 hours) - and it was!  They ran into issues with our neighbors (who have a water feature built over the area where they need to dig), but they put in a temporary wire so that we wouldn't be without power while the neighbor made alternate arrangements. Then they noticed that a transformer was weak and replaced that the same evening.Every single person I talked to was courteous, extremely helpful and empowered to do whatever was needed.  I stayed on the line and did the after call survery for these people - they were THAT good.
5	So far so good!  I'm use to APS but bought a house and switched to SRP.  They have been great so far.  I was able to do everything quickly online, in a matter of 5 minutes or less to sign up.  I instantly received a text message alert letting me know they will be turning my power on, it confirmed the address it was turning the power on at, and even provided me my account # in the text message.Not even an hour later, no even 15 minutes later according to my phone, I receive another text message telling me I'm good to go, my power has been turned on.  It reconfirms the address it turned the power on at, and tells me my account #.So far, so good, no issues at all.  And it let me pick my own billing date, which I didn't want the first of the month with all my other bills. I thought it was really nice they give you the option to do that.I'm a happy customer right now, haven't received a bill yet, but I I'm sure there will be no issues with how everything has been going.  Just great!
5	Every single time that I have contacted SRP they've ALWAYS been extremely helpful, courteous, kind, patient and respectful. I am very thankful that my apartment complex has SRP, this company knows what customer service really means. Thank you SRP for putting your customers first!
3	Looking forward to SRP having competition in the future.
2	I have used irrigation with SPR for over 30 years. They have really dedicated people who go out of their way to be helpful. The Zanjeros were always available and  ready to work out some water issue, and they  are varied and frequent (like a neighbors dead animal in a canal) . So for many years I have been a big fan of SRP.Until today!I needed to pay my water assessment so I went to the main office.1. Now a security guard tells you you are in the wrong place, no more receptionist.2. The payment  center was closed and turned into  a closet with some machines in it.3. Customer service is now a telephone on a brown wall with a sign over the phone saying call for customer service.Zanjeros are now computer baby sitters for the nee Water Master system. Getting a consistent flow is a real challenge now. They are ready to add time but after you get shorted 20 minutes you have to move to a new user and it really does not work to then get 20 minutes delivered the next day. The person responsible  for the Water master needs to be required to meet users at 2am when the order gets shorted by the system.When I called today I spoke to an old style SRP person but you might as well visit the prison as use this facility, So no matter what the literature says SRP is now just another big faceless utility doing their level best to isolate the customer.
1	SRP should have notified me that my electricity had transferred to my landlord on July 1st but instead I baked for 36 hours in Arizona sun while I waited for the electricity to come back on.Was definitely not a fun time
5	You know, I'm pretty happy with this service! I never have issues with billing, they have a "grace period" to pay your bill and if service ever goes out, it's up and running within the hour. Love it!
4	Even though their rates can be a tad high and I've gone without electricity in the past at least SRP will help you out with some great support that will solve your issue in less then 5 min. This can't be said about other services like ISP's (*cough cox/centurylink cough*)
5	I've been an SRP customer for 3 years - never had any issues. I recommend you use their budget plan; they told me the best time to sign up for that is in October.
4	Can't recall if I was APS in 1980 or SRP since 1980.Service has been 5*s. They do not appear to trying to derail, solar, wind, waste and alternative modes of power. To not agressively be  moving away from coal, oil and nuclear is suicdal.
