5	Great staff, great environment, and great prices.  Love this place.  They just added a squat rack!!! Here's the fifth star!
4	What can you say, you can't beat the $10 month to month membership.  It does not have everything you would find in a full service gym but for the cost it is an excellent value.  There are three things I wish they had but won't complain; steam room, sauna and a rower machine.  Like all gyms you will find free weights, weight machines, tons of cardio machines with TV's and iPod connectors.  You will always find a cardio machine during peak times but will not find any classes or daycare but again for the price no biggie.
4	Very clean. Very friendly staff. Open and airy. Lots of equipment. A great circuit training area. After visiting la fitness and fitness works, it was clear that you fit was the best especially considering the price.
1	Youfit is practically impossible to cancel the membership, they will continue to bill you for months and even charge a late fee and have an attorney contact you.  I have been trying to cancel my membership for almost a year but they would not accept my cancellation, they said they needed a longer notice and there was a 25 dollar cancellation fee. Finally I changed my debit card number to keep them from taking funds.  They randomly charge fees whenever they feel like it.  DO NOT SIGN UP UNLESS YOU WANT THE MEMBERSHIP TO CONTINUE FOREVER!  YOUFIT IS A NIGHTMARE!
1	I was working or w a group of friends that we Made a New Years resolution to come to the gym. The trainer Erin and Kim were super rude to us, told my friend she was fat and that we couldn't come to the gym as a group. My friend looks two times better than these "trainers" and for me to be paying monthly to be made fun of from your "team" here is incorrect . I don't want to come to a place that your trainers are mistreating customers. I have been a loyal customer for years and to be honest I no longer want to be a part of this gym nor any other location because it's convenient for me to drive.
