4	i love my taupe patent clutch!!!i rolled in in super ghetto gross attire ( had been walking around drunk losing money at each  black jack table all day) yet Lien did not make me feel like a loser at all! she was so helpful and listened to what i was looking for and led me right to it. so i gambled my money here and guess what???i won!
5	Yuko also helped me pick out and then purchase a few gifts around Mother's Day for my Mom and she was uber-helpful and like the other reviewer said, totally unpretentious. The place is tiny but packed and wonderful. Only women's goods.
4	Yuko is the girl that helped me on my first visit, and made me fall in love with this label. I adore the accessories for men. I haven't visited due to work, but I will soon. I highly recommend to ask for Yuko because she has patience, is honest, has a humble personality, and is always pleasant. YAY FOR YSL. I wish they carried a larger selection for MEN but you can't have everything.
5	Disaster averted. forsure. Great customer service.I was on a trip to vegas with my friends and my friend and i decided to leave our boyfriends and go window shopping. Now you see i've been eying the y-mail clutch online and have constantly go to their webpage and admire it. Soo when we passed the ysl i knew i wanted to go in and check it out in person. When i did--OMG i fell in love. I was helped out with Earl Issiah, he was wonderful. I then contemplated whether i should splurge or not. Also they only had one in stock that had several scratches and marks on it. Earl then told me he can ship a new clutch from hawaii with no extra cost to my house. It's Vegas and it was my birthday sooo what happened I got the clutch! When my package arrived I was extremely excited...but when i opened the package to see my clutch I was saddened. The clutch they sent me had several huge white gashes/ scratches on it. I didn't know what to do. I decided to go to the downtown sf store to return it.....but OH NO! the store closed. I called Earl up complaining about my disappoint and he was so wonderful about it. He gave me directions to return the clutch and promised that the next one i receive will be scratchless and perfect (he would inspect it himself). A week later all SMILES- no scratches. Earl Issiah is friendly and has excellent customer service go to him for your YSL needs.
5	I'm always nervous walking into a new boutique store; so many times I've been met with rude or pretentious people. I soon learned this YSL boutique is the best! It is small but has a great selection of items; purses, jewelry, clothing, and a room of shoes! Everyone seemed super positive and nice, but my shout-out goes to Lisa! Lisa is super honest, laid back, and a total sweet heart. She helped me pick out a few very nice things that still bring a smile to my face! She even remembered my favorite colors and emailed me later with some things she knew I'd love.I can't wait to visit and hopefully use my gambling earnings here!
2	The staff is not friendly and feel overbearing.  Not a fun experience shopping here....
