5	Maricopa has its own movie theatre! But wait. There's more! They have a bowling alley, new restaurant options and even dine in theatre seating upstairs. Thanks Ak-Chin. This town has needed something like this for, well, ever.
5	This place is beautiful and state of the art!  Staff in all venues are friendly and helpful.
4	I LOVE IT! I am happy with this place. the food is good the drinks are cold and the entertainment is solid.The only reason its does not get a 5th star is the WIFI is horrible.
3	Great place to go to in Maricopa since this town has very little to offer. There is  dining, Arcade games, laser tag, theater, bowling and is right across from the casino and motel. I had dinner at the 375 Grill and must say this place looks and feels impressive but the place was very cold. We had to keep our jackets on during the whole meal. The waitress tried her best to serve us but when the food came out she didn't bring it. Instead she came empty handed then later said she was going to go get our salad dressing and ketchup.  I got a portobello sandwich which was under the burger list on the menu. I thought there was suppose to be some meat but it was just a fried portabello for $10. Got a very small salad on the side. The sandwich was very good but not for that price.
2	Checked out arcade and ice cream shop. place is high tech no doubt. movie theater is another story. both times i've attended movie has started late, there was long lines in concession stand and box office because they only had one cashier in each of them. I think ill stick to harkins even though its a 20 minute drive.
2	Once again I gave ultrastar another chance, we went to see texas chainsaw at 8:15everything was good until the movie started. I noticed there projector light bulb was flickering so everytime there was a scene with a white background the screen would shutter, I noticed this issue because I used to work for a major theater chain for 5 years.
1	So far I have been trying to plan my sons birthday party for this weekend and it seems they are not concerned about it. They are NOT accommodating. The person in charge of booking this is pretty rude! I am planning on having 20-25 guests which is going to cost over six hundred dollars, but it seems that is not significant for them to treat you with respect. The actual party will be held this weekend....so we will see what the outcome is.
5	Had a children's bowling birthday party. The staff was amazing from the coordinator , Barb who set everything up via phone and email prior to the big day, to our own personal staff during our party. The prices were extremely reasonable and included two lanes, pizza, drinks, cupcakes, private party room, balloons, and shoe rentals!!!! Cannot be beat!! The atmosphere was great and the parents were happy with food and drink service while the kids bowled. Highly recommend using them for your parties!
4	Since the place officially opened on November 15, 2012, Maricopians have been able to treck less further for cinema and some night life entertainment.  There is also bowling, lasertag, and a small arcade of family fun games.  This is a very much welcome and needed venue near the casino and hotel which have also recently undergone serious updating. The whole place actually has more of a resort place feel than it had before since the addtion of the Ultra Star Multi-tainment Center.I want to point out specifically that they have Foos -ball here and that the tables are beautiful! I looked long and hard and without going all the way to Scottsdale, I could not find a decent Foos-Ball scenario anywhere.  There are at least 5 tables located on the adult only upper floor of the center in the Luxe bar.  The Luxe Lounge is trendy without being pretentious and is a safe and fun place to pose.  Great music and also good mooding spaces ( ask me and I will explain).The place is new and they have had some growing pains early on with mis-prints on ticket seating, speediness of service, and also bathroom issues.  But overall, everyone in service seems nice, food quality in the venues has been good ( 4 out of 5 for me) and the theatre is clean and comfy.Keep it up!
3	Had a good time watching parker. Popcorn is good and it was free. star class needs some additions, like a call button so you dont have to track down your server, and the swing tables like amc and studio movie grill has.
4	Love this place. Great food, the bowling is GREAT.We also had my sons birthday there with the room and the service and entire package was great. Had a date night movie upstairs, food and drinks then to the Luxe Lounge. Good times.Great place to go.The 347 Grill is really good too and the prices are right.
5	Here's the newest addition to Harrah's Casino complex out here on the Rez.  This amusement center features 24-lane "Ten Pin Bowl" bowling center, a big 12-screen Theater, "347 Grill and Bar" with booze, pizza & so on, a video arcade with the hottest new games, conference/party rooms, a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and more.This whole place is beautiful and theatre admission prices are LOW, at around $6.to $9 for first run movies!  (Prices for individual screenings vary according to age, time of day, military status & so on, but everyone gets a shot at the lowest prices!)This place is smaller than Amazing Jake's but it's classy...  won't remind you of Taco Bite!     :-))
4	This place is incredible! I love the movie theater with it's rocking leather seats. The theater also offers box seats that move in sequence to the movie, I have not tried those yet but plan to soon. It also offers balcony seats for patrons 21 or older where you may order drinks throughout the movie or maybe you just want to be served lunch or dinner.    They also offer a bowling alley and arcade room. Now my favorite places of all, The Cone where they serve homemade ice cream daily and the 347 Grill. The rib-bye steak at the Grill is the best I ever had and is only half the price as the Steak House inside the Casino! Just amazing food! A really amazing place!
2	so I'm stuck  in the middle with this place. Luxe  has really good food and I like the theater, arcade and bowling alley but they need a SEVERE upgrade  to the staff. They  are far too immature and need to act way more professional.
5	I love this place!  Adult only balcony seating.  Awesome bowling.  Nice restaurants.  It's kinda hard to believe it's in Maricopa.
3	Okay so this place is pretty cool. I was going to go 4 stars but the servers and cost of the bowling alley brought it down a star. I visited the bowling alley first, it is a nice place and a lot of fun. Downside: there were maybe 15 people in the place and it took forever to get the attention of a server. My beer took over 20 minutes and my kids sodas almost 40 minutes. Cost wise the food and beverages were a good price but the lack of good servers made it a no no next time. Bowling was great fun, but a lot overpriced... Next we visited the arcade. It was fun, cheap and passed tome before we saw the movie.Last stop was the theater.  Fair price, great staff and a very nice auditorium. The snacks were priced fairly and were good quality. Overall it was a good time. I will be back for sure.
5	Dropped by here to watch This is The End.  The theater was huge, the screen was very clear and the seating was so comfortable.  I will definitely return here to watch a movie again if in the area.  Also, this place has bowling, pool and eateries.  Give this place a try if in the area.
5	Awesome so cooool
4	This place is amazing! There is so much to do here, and everything is nice! Bowling is awesome, although service can be a bit slow. The food is decent, the arcade is pretty awesome, the movie theater is SPECTACULAR and rarely crowded, the Laser Tag arena is small but the space is used well, and the Luxe Lounge is pretty darn awesome for watching sports and getting drinks!The weak link has been the 347 Grill, but I think they are getting better. The food side of this place is the only thing keeping my review at four stars instead of five. Still, the Lobster Mac and Cheese was pretty amazing, so there is reason for hope!
4	NIce decor inside, comfortable. My Grandz had a blast, laser tag, bowling, arcade. Seen a couple movies there, pretty good.
4	We enjoyed the bowling and the good food. The kids enjoyed the splash pad out front and the arcade. We found it better to pay for one game at a time vs per hour because we were eating as well. This is a one stop entertainment shop.
5	My husband and I LOVE the Multi-tainment Center!!!  Love the movie theater and snack bar.  Very comfortable seats!!  Love The Cone!!! They are always so courteous and friendly.  You can get samples so you know for sure you get the flavor you want and try new flavors.  The ice cream is flavorful and creamy good.  Haven't tried the 347 Grill, but I talked to the host one day and he was very informative and nice!! We will try it next time we go.  We are planning on taking the grandkids next time and they can do all the other things, like laser tag and arcades.  So glad we have this great, fun place to go for entertainment
5	We ate at the 347 Grill. We had the calamari for starters: it was really good. My fish and chips were great too. My husband had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The service was prompt and friendly. For us, the serving sizes were quite generous and we have leftovers! This is actually not the first time we've eaten here, and we've always enjoyed the great food, friendly service, and fun atmosphere. For this meal, we were seated further away from the bar, which was perfect - much less noisy, and no TV's! :-) We love, love, love the new multi-tainment center and look forward to many future visits!
4	We went during spring break on Monday and found out that it was dollar games and dollar shoe rentals, (GREAT DEAL), This place was clean, Mason was awesome.  And for a bowling alley, it wasn't too loud.  The only downfall was the lane servers weren't the friendliest and took forever to come by.
4	The undiscovered gem of the Southern valley ^_^The Best:*NO lines or crowds!*Tons of events happening all week long*StarClass - a butler for only $2 a seat!*super clean and trendy facilities*VIP movie Suites (Can we say Private Bathroom!?! =D )The good:*Large variety of activities- Kids? Date night? You name it!*Loyalty cups & anual popcorn pass*Discount Thursday movie*DJ, Theme & Fight nights at the Lounge*Video game tournaments*Weekend craft fairThe unusual:*Front row of StarClass seats unavailable to buy - partial view of screen*No drink or food specials in StarClass*StarClass food is so/so and often arrives barely warm*Service varies. Inattentive thru polite & helpful*Odd movie times. Showtimes past 8pm are needed here!I think they're still trying to adjust to their growing popularity and sometimes don't have enough staff in the right places, but any wait is a short one- and a fraction of other theatres & multi-plexes. Food could be improved but nice variety.Paying $2 to upgrade to StarClass (21+) is well worth it!
4	Everything about this place is good, but the restaurant. I got uncooked chicken from them and their management staff was horrible.
1	If I could give it 0 star I would but it won't give me the option too. Has anyone had bad service at the ultra star cinema? I did. Worst service ever. Last night, we went to watch a movie. I was a bit indecisive at what I wanted to buy at the popcorn stand so I told them I needed a minute and stepped out of line. When I was ready, I told the girl and stepped back into line. She said okay. She was standing there talking to people, and she kept taking other people in front of me. It could've been a misunderstanding so I let it pass. I ordered the usual for my family. We bought a regular popcorn, two hotdogs, nachos, and a large water. The cheese was cold, they ran out of regular popcorn bags so the girl asked me if I wanted to upgrade to a large bag for fifty cents more so they wouldn't need to go to the back to get it. I told the cashier I'd rather not. I don't like buying more than I need. After waiting five minutes, she sent another girl over and she insisted I just buy a large bag. After they took five minutes just standing there to talk to each other about how to ask me to upgrade really loud, they could've just gone and gotten the bag. It took me after I said no less than a minute.  I bought a cup of water. Went to the fountain to fill it up with water when it was close to empty. When  I opened the lid. There was something floating around in the cup. I thought it was plastic because of the way it looked. I didn't complain about it. I went up to the popcorn area and asked them if I could have another cup because there was something floating in it. She didn't say sorry. She insisted on correcting me first sayings "it's just paper". Well golly. "Paper" should be floating around in my cup in the beginning. I just needed to vent. I've had bad service coming to this movie theatre but after last night. I think it was the cherry on top of it all.
5	This is a state of the art theater with the lounge and 347 grill attached. It's great because it's always so empty, I get there 15 min early and always get the seats I prefer.
4	One of the best movie theaters I've been in. We really need one of this in California.  I like the concept of D-Box. If you don't know anything about D-Box just google it. I'd definitely come back to this place.
4	Wanna say of its location convenient or not you need to check out.But I know it is obviously good for both its location and the collections from various stuff selections.If you are in a confusion can move here for a better solution it means here the staff definitely knowledgeable to help you.So come look and take.
4	Slightly mixed experience tonight,  but 90% good. Our server was polite, promt, and remembered my drink (*queue Cheers music* You want to be where everyone knows your name)Movie experience was enjoyable and the only downside was due to other customers bad behavior.
4	On the whole, UltraStar is amazing and wonderful for Maricopa.  They offer a lot to do and I usually have a great time.  After being open for over a year I would have thought they'd have their food and service nailed down better than they do though.  They HAVE made changes, and sometimes it's better, sometimes worse.  If they can get ALL their staff to understand what it takes to have great customer service, and can lower their food prices a tad without killing the quality then I'm sure they'll have people coming in from all over the valley.  Management DOES listen to complaints/suggestions and acts on them. Given the size of their workforce it's understandable that they'll have a few slow/lazy kids pretending to be working when they're not.  I'm sure management will catch up to them and motivate them eventually.
4	Nine times out of ten, I have a fantastic experience here. The food is great, the theatre is fantastic (especially the star class seating), the bowling is fun... but the thing that holds back the fifth star is the inconsistent service. Sometimes it's okay,  other times you get the impression that the young people there just don't know what proper service is. Example: my most recent trip to see a show in star class... we ordered drinks, an appetizer, dinner, and desert.  The desert came out first, then drinks, then the appetizer came out at the same time as the meal. There wasn't enough space to set everything down, so I had to hold the appetizer between myself and my wife while my meal cooled.  This was not the first time something like this has happened.  Everyone is pleasant to speak with, but their actions are speaking far louder.
5	Took my son here for his 7th birthday party. They offered up a choice of several different activities and we picked bowling and laser tag. The experience was great, It was a slower Sunday afternoon so we had some parts all to ourselves - the staff was great, helpful and made the experience enjoyable all around. They tried to spice up the bowling and let the kids try some trick shots which they enjoyed - as well as mixing up the laser tag into two half hour chunks. I would happily recommend it to any parents looking for birthday party options in the area.
5	This is one of the most comfortable and high class movie theaters I have ever I attended! It is so much fun to go such a nice theater.Sound is great seats very comfortable popcorn delicious but prices are very steep,theater wouldn't be nearly empty if they would lower prices a buck or two!
3	Most of the reviews tend to focus on the food service. Technically there are other yelp locations for this place and reading those individual reviews will be more helpful if you're planning on getting anything other than from the snack or dessert bars. You can look up:Full restaurant: http://www.yelp.com/biz/347-grill-maricopaBar/in-theater dining: http://www.yelp.com/biz/luxe-lounge-maricopaDesert bar: Cones Cafe (no separate yelp location)As far as the center itself goes: this is a great place to get a lot done. I've spent several date nights just here and it's only a couple of miles from our home in Maricopa. The place is always clean, the staff usually quite helpful though we did find once a movie (Elysium) was shown as rated PG-13 instead of rated R. Thankfully our kids weren't there that night.The biggest drawback is they show most of the places to eat as separate so choose where you eat accordingly. I've found it's best to eat at the 347 Grill rather than the in-show food/drinks for Star Class tickets (Luxe Lounge review spoiler alter: the novelty wears off quickly with such poor service; eat BEFORE your movie).Aside from the food, UltraStar has top-notch entertainment, especially for Maricopa. While the prices reflect the lack of local competition, several discounts are available including student rates, free movie nights, kids events and most recently their 2 year anniversary where tickets were $2 (as well as $2 drinks and $2 popcorn).All in all, my favorite place to go when I'm too lazy to make it into the valley for a date.
5	This is one of the most comfortable and high class movie theaters I have ever I attended!  It is so much fun to go such a nice theater.
