5	My boyfriend and I stopped in this little Patisserie located in the Mandarin Oriental hotel after a long walk on the strip. They have lots of delicately designed desserts to choose from and delightful flavors of gelato. We got a cup of mango and lemon for $8, which was more than enough for the both of us. I have a picture but will have to upload it at another time since I don't have my camera cable on me at the moment. In addtion to your gelato, you also get fan-shaped wafers to complete the look. Walking back to Aria we turned lots of heads! Be sure to stop in and give their gelato a taste!
5	Excellent Gelato, dessert and coffee. You won't be disappointed by Mandarin Oriental standard.
5	What a lovely little place this is.  They have delicious macarons (grapefruit, pistachio, caramel, cappuccino, vanilla, chocolate), lovely pastries and rich gelato.  You should stop by after visiting the City Center, if only to look at the fondant artwork.
5	Baby Cakes, I think you might have to move over. Amore, you are my new love.I can't stop raving about the service of the Mandarin Oriental. Now, I can rave about their desserts too. I asked the girl what she liked and she started off naming one by one and eventually named all of them =P One of my choices was the chocolate cake.  Seems simple enough but Amore makes it so wonderfully. 16 layers of chocolatey goodness, not too sweet and not too rich, just perfect.  Another pick, the Caramel Temple, just melted in my mouth. They've also got many flavors of gelato, mini macaroons, truffles, and more. I got a sample of the watermelon gelato and it was so refreshing. I definitely must get a gelato as well next time. On the side, they also have many beautiful cakes. The creativity and attention to detail is very impressive. Amore will be my first stop the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Walking by this place i glanced at the window and had to stop in. And all i can say is WOW.. It's amazing what can be done with sugar and pastry. This was a quick stop before dinner and I did not want to spoil what was in my mind going to be a Delicious dinner that ended up a wreck... Check out my Rainforest review for the details of that hurricane in the jungle... Anyways we bought 2 of the amazing looking cupcakes, The lemon Mirang and the Chocolate one that was decorated to look like a hostess cupcake.. Oh my goodness, we got home and split them 4 ways, words can not explain the chocolaty amazingness. This thing was rich and 1/4 of the cupcake was plenty, but let me tell you, I know jumping into the sea of people on the strip may not be your piece of pie but you should sure make this your piece of cupcake because it is worth the hassle.
5	My husband and I went to Amore Patisserie on Valentines Day.  It was so deiicous.  We wanted to buy one of everything.  We settled on starting with Gelato.  It was $9, but they let us choose three flavors and it was a big cup.  The tastes were amazing, so fresh and full of flavor.  The staff was so helpful and friendly.  We also bought a cup of white chocolate hot cocoa.  It was the best tasting cocoa I have ever had in my life.  They use a high quality melted white chocolate liquid in your cocoa.  Loved it.  Since it was Valentines Day, we also bought a slice of chocolate cake, and two heart truffles for later tonight.  As we were leaving,  the pastry chef came out and carried on a full conversation with us and was so kind.  We will go back again and again.  They also have amazing, cakes, and sugar art.  Wonderful place to be.
5	We came in the morning of the day we needed a birthday cake. The amazing pastry chef, Gianno, went above and beyond, making us an exquisite, personalized cake that was as delicious as it was beautiful. The gelatos are made from his famiy recipe (in Northern Italy), and the chocolates are equally amazing.
5	On a cool and beautiful desert morning, I sat on the Strip's sidewalk with my Baba au Rhum and a double cappuccino. While the cap needs a bit more work and focus, the Baba au Rhum was unbelievably good. (Bouchon Bakery just got bumped down my list for Amore Patisserie...=) )I tried several other pastries, admired the fantastically beautiful cakes and spoke with the gracious Chef Gianni.I can't wait to order a special cake for my special person(s).=)
5	Simply awesome!  I know red velvet cupcakes are simple and easy to make but Amore does it perfectly.  The cream cheese is what sets apart a good red velvet from a spectacular one.  And Amore's is spectacular.  More over, they don't just top it with the cream cheese filling, they insert it into the cupcake to ensure that the wonderful flavor continues on throughout.  I'm just sad I only discovered this place on my last evening in Vegas.  That meant I had to make one last visit at 10am before my flight home!  Aside from the fabulous cupcakes the gelato was superb as well!  Fresh, rich, creamy, yet light.  I could live on this stuff.  And although I didn't get to try everything I wanted to, I'm sure it all tastes as good as it looks.  The candied confections shaped as purses, cigars, Chinese new year symbols, etc were incredible to look at and I bet even more incredible to eat.  Sin City indeed!Amore, open one in the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco ASAP!!!
3	I'm a big fan of pastries and every time I see a shop, I gotta go in and leave with something. The shop was cute and in style. All the pastries were wonderfully decorated. I really wanted to try their special made chocolates but $5 a pop is quite a bit so after debating with my husband, I choose the Carrot cake cupcake w/ cream cheese frosting and candied walnut sprinkled on to the cream cheese frosting. The Walnuts and cream cheese frosting was very good and the box and bag it came in was very pretty. When i got to the cupcake though, it was dry and wasn't very tasty. I ate most of it and threw away the rest, for the money I paid for the cupcake, I expected it to be great. not epic, but great. I do hope to come back here again for the sugar dome custard donut.
5	If you're ever in Vegas and feeling like indulging yourself with sweet bakery goods. I would TOTALLY recommend this place.. However, It does get kind of pricey but if you're on vacation like I was why not treat yourself out?..What I tried from here was the vanilla bean cupcake and it was DELICIOUS! I never got the chance to try red velvet because it was sold out...   =(Well, if you do happen to give it a try I hope you guys feel the same way as I did. ENJOY !!
3	I'm having a hard time writing this review because I really want to give it a higher rating. The desserts look amazing, thee service couldn't have been more helpful, but I chose the creme brulee and I was more than a little disspointed. As someone who enjoys a good creme brulee one of the key characteristics is that the top is crunchy, unfortunately the whole thing was soggy throughout. It still looked really good though but the texture just wasn't right. This brulee was the equivalent of dating a really hot girl with terrible breath...
4	Best window displays of cakes ever.
4	i love this place!!!Everything we got was sooo tasty, rich and full of flavor!..even the coffee and i dnt drink coffee!...I got a sample of Yoghurt Gelato after i had already ordered, but had to get it...and everyone there was very polite and nice.I wanna go back!! NOW!!!!:D
4	Indulgence is the right word for this place!  The gelato is very flavorful- had the watermelon and the mango and both were refreshing and delicious.  We also had a lemon, coffee, and chocolate macaron.  They were good, but not the best that I've had.  They were also on the small side.  The service was quick and friendly.  I'll be back!
5	This lovely little desert shop looks amazing and is located in the awesome new Aria city center. There are so many deserts to choose from, but I decided to try the yogurt mixed with fresh strawberries to counter the 100+ degree Vegas heat. OMFG best yogurt with fresh strawberries! The cashier even recommended the flavor, calling it the best Amore Patisserie had to offer, and he was so right. I did try a few other chocolate flavors, which were good, but I agree the yogurt is the best. It is on the pricey side, compared to that of Golden Spoon or Yogurtland, BUT they serve you enough yogurt/gelato to satisfy three people.
5	You have a sweet tooth? Come here.You want desserts to chase your drinks? come here.You want alcoholic smoothies? come here.You want something pretty to eat? come here.This place has it all. Small patisserie (pastry shop in French) but very eloquent with their desserts. They're pretty to look at and fun to eat! The staff are very friendly and they let you sample all flavors of gelato, cakes, drinks, etc. The decor of the artistic cakes and pastries may seem snooty at first but this place is anything but! Hubby and I came here for some treats after our dinner. We couldn't decide on the gelato, so we tried about 8 flavors before deciding on 2. The cosmopolitan gelato was delicious! Hubby ended up getting lemon and "Samantha's forbidden apple" for his gelato. I got the strawberry shortcake since it was dipped in grand marnier! WOW! We also got 2 small pineapple mojito alcoholic smoothie and strawberry lemonade vodka! The samples didn't taste so strong, but once we got them in our cups, we got to see how much alcohol was really in our smoothies, we got drunk off it!Hubby loved the cup and they let him keep it. Even when they were closing, they didn't throw us out, we got to take our time and finish. I plan to come back here every time I'm in Vegas now!
4	Post-Cannonballs from the Earl of Sandwich, my friends and I walked over to the Mandarin Oriental to try Amore Patisserie.  When you first walk into Amore, definitely check out the displays.  They had this awesome chessboard cake that went for a cool $1,150.  Too high-roller for me, but it definitely looked nice.As usual, I ended up sharing a dessert with the gf.  She tried a bunch of different gelato flavors (peanut butter, some mystery flavor) and she enjoyed them all.  She finally settled on Rum Raisin.  At $5 for a small cup, Thrifty's ice cream this is not, but in the end, it had good flavor.  The cone looked even better, but sets you back even more.On a side note, I've discovered that I like the Rum Raisin flavor, but no the raisins.  Something disconcerting about those yellow raisins, perhaps?
2	I was shocked to dislike my cupcake. The cake was good with a vanilla bean filling. Super fluffy if you like it that way. But the topping wasn't frosting. It was cream and it was frozen. There was way too much of it and it made it disgusting. I had to scrape half of the cream off, but still completely forgot how the cupcake tasted because the topping overwhelmed.What I did like was their strawberry shortcake gelato though I only had a bite. It was good nonetheless.
5	My friend and I had some delicious french macarons here! :) We ordered just TWO pistachio macarons and they placed it in the cutest container ever! They are SO FLUFFY inside that I want to die! :) *Also, they have really really cute cakes on display. :)
4	I'm now reviewing their gelato. Pistachio gelato was fantastic on a cone. It's so good that it makes up for the disgusting cupcake I had yesterday. Their gelato is the way to go.
4	I stopped in today to try some gelato.  I had the peach which was quite good.  I also bought 5 assorted macarons and brought home to enjoy the next few days.  I wonder if they'll last a few days or not.  Yong, the young man who waited on me, was excellent.  I really enjoyed my stop.  I wish it wasn't so far from the Aria garage here, but it's worth the walk.Nevada residents get a discount.  Show your ID.
4	Friendly service, pretty pastries and decent coffee.  A nice spot to escape the 100 degree heat.
3	On my macaron hunt in Las Vegas... I found them at Amore Patisserie... maybe I am not use to Vegas time but the bakery didn't not open until 12pm.. so I was very sad when I first went at 10:30 hoping to indulge.When I finally made my way inside, I was impressed with their gelato selection, presented in a wheel form so that the flavours can be turned to scoop out flavours (space saver!). This little bakery is on the street side of the Mandarin hotel with lovely decor on the inside, including cakes that looked like pillows, and the delicately detailed Eiffel tower.Searching for the macarons inside their store, I noticed several flavours and inquired about them. The pastry chef had decided to make the following flavors for the day - lemon, raspberry, apricot, pistachio, chocolate, and bacon cream cheese (apparently it tastes good!). I was very tempted to get this irregular choice, but I was told it really tasted like bacon and the cream cheese is not overly strong and I was completely turned off. On the other hand, these bacon macarons had no "feet" to them and looked cracked and undercooked.I opted to get the apricot (never tried before), and the pistachio (never fail)......... the apricot seemed to be filled with jam, and the flavours were not too too sweet, and the filling gave it just the right amount of sweetness. I was surprised to say that I was actually not impressed with the pistachio. Usually, the flavors are very prominent but I felt this one was more on the bland side... oh well.Packaged in little chinese take out containers, I thought it was cute. I'm not sure if I can say that their macarons are their specialty.
4	This is the first place I've ever seen that has red velvet cake gelato!Beautiful interior and a nice escape from the 100+ degree summer heat of Vegas.  It also has a motorized gelato wheel that made me feel a little bit like I was in Willy Wonka's factory.   I tried the avocado (surprisingly good!), caramel, strawberry (very flavorful), and the red velvet gelato.  If I were to come back a second time, I would get the avocado and strawberry gelato.
3	What Happened!?!?!? They have Nothing now!!a couple of months ago it was one of the best pastry places ive been to! I was so disappointed when i went back last week.They have half of the Pastries they had last time, they were replaces by bottled beers...and no more cupcakes!...They still had their gelato, strawberry cheesecake...they gave me a lot for $5, not bad right? it was too much and felt like it had way too much fat!...it left my mouth and lips super slippery and weird...ehh.I was very dissappointed, they need to get rid of that beer and have more pastries and cupcakes!!!
5	Stopped here for dessert, led by yelp, and were not disappointed. We split a baileys tort and strawberry shortcake, and both were fabulous. Fair prices, $3-5 per dessert.
