5	I own a small auto detailing business and I have been using these guys for my own clients.  They are great, very professional and they are really committed to great customer service.  All of my clients really like the service.  They have done everything from Windshield replacement to tinting for all of my clients.  Thanks guys for great service.
5	I was in the market to get my auto windows tinted and came across this business via some online reviews.  They were as good as everyone talks about.  Customer service was spot on and they accomodated for my busy schedule which was fantastic.  The work was clean, fast and they back their work which if and when it occurs I'll have to re-post but overall great experience!
5	Because I failed to realize my insurance didn't have the "full glass" I was quoted for a full price replacement through safelite for 230+  Feeling a little resentful about the insurance situation I always noticed these guys advertised windshield replacements and got a friendly quote that was much less.  Throughout the process they showed me existing damage to my coweling plastic as full disclosure.  They even were careful enough by asking about stickers etc.  Very good attention to detail and extremely friendly  I'll be coming back if the need arises.
5	Great experience, everyone was very professional. When you get your car tinted all you want is someone to be upfront, honest and helpful. I'm no expert on tint or the legal shades, all I want is for the car to look good and stay cool when it's getting baked in the Arizona sun...the people at AGD were great in helping Me pick out shades, and stay legal. Thanks
4	The tint on the windows was done expertly with no blemishes or bubbles. And the drive in the AZ sun has improved 100%.One star deducted for not reattaching the rear view mirror appropriately which necessitated two return trips and more time spent waiting to find the right fasteners. Otherwise, a good job done and a more comfortable ride.
4	Came here without an appointment to get a chip in my windshield repaired and I was in and out in 30 minutes.  Only cost $24.95 and now the chip won't spread into a bigger crack.  I am overall pleased with the results.
5	My experience at AGD was a very positive one! I called them and got in ASAP to get my ride's windows tinted. The staff was very knowledgable and friendly and were up front and honest about what I I was getting and the cost. Speaking of the cost, they are very reasonable priced. The job took about 2 hrs. and the manager went the extra mile and even gave me a ride home so I didn't have to wait there. My car windows look great and it is a lot cooler now. In conclusion, friendly staff, affordable prices, and quality work. Highly recommended!
5	Quick service and very professional.  Gilbert and Lee got me in and out with my star-crack repair in less than half an hour.
4	Quick easy friendly cheap windshield repair.Very nice service, punctual and they phone called me to make sure I remembered my appointment. I really appreciate that since I tend to be forgetful. The only complaint was how loud the tv was in the waiting room. Other than that great place I'm bookmarking this.
5	Highly recommend this place!  I had 2 rock chips I needed to get filled on my windshield.  I called 3 places and AGD was the best price (Safelite wanted $130, another local company wanted $80 and AGD quoted me $35).Gilbert at AGD was GREAT!  One of the chips was questionable and he let me know before doing any work that he would try his best to fill it but it's possible the process may crack it due to it actually being 2 chips connected by a crack.  He recommended I check with my insurance company to make sure I didn't have glass coverage, I didn't think I had it.  Turns out I had coverage and they ended up paying for the repair.  I wouldn't have called had it not been for Gilbert's amazing customer service skills.Sitting in the lobby, waiting for the repairs, I was able to hear the girls at the front desk (Carla, I think was one of their names) help customers over the phone and you can just tell they care about what they are doing and put the customer first with a personal repertoire that you don't see at a lot of places.I will definitely recommend them and return for any future auto glass needs.Thank you!
5	I had a really good experience here. The staff was really friendly, they quoted me less than safelight and they got it done in an hour. I highly recommend this place!
5	I would recommend AGD. I had my SUV and truck tinted here. No issues.
5	Remember this name-Gilbert.I just moved here from Minnesota I kicked up a rock coming down from Sedona. Gilbert helped me with my insurance company and auto glass replacement my insurance company was trying to Save money and have my chip just fixed but Gilbert got me the full glass replacement I really wanted. He talked directly to my insurance company and I was very satisfied with the outcome. Gilbert also quoted me on different window tinting options that would be best suited for me he was very knowledgeable and help me make a decision I highly recommend you go see him and he will help you with your auto glass needs thank you again Gilbert my transition to Arizona has been a lot easier thanks to you!
5	I just had my windows tinted for Arizona weather. I have to say I've never been more pleased with the top notch service. Gilbert gave me some options that would best suit my needs. The quality and workmanship was excellent. Gilbert even recommended a great restaurant to eat at while I waited. They told me about three hours and they had the job done in a little over two. Lee gave me detailed important instructions about the tinting after application, great guy! The entire staff deserves a salute. I will definitely recommend this location to as many people as I can. Thank You again Gilbert and Lee!
3	Well I guess I have to make an addition to my review I am very happy with the window tinting but we had a slight incident with a tear in my leather interior in the backseat. I told Gilbert and left a message and sent photos of the tear and I have not received a call back yet. I know my truck and I know its interior so when I say something happened at the window tinting application I hope that they could at least get a hold of me and try to make this right. I'm going to give them until the end of this business day and then I will post the pictures of the slice in my leather interior.
5	Took my car here to have its windows tinted. Great staff, friendly and simple to the point service. Office was nice and airy and there's a big glass window so u can watch your car get tinted. Not sure if I got a new tech who did my car or what happened. However it was NOT done properly because within 48 hours the back window and driver side windows had lots of bubbles. Unfortunately I live in Los Angeles and was not able to take it right back. I ended up calling the office and spoke with Gilbert. Man, talking to him was like talking to a manager. He immediately took care of my situation. He said he would find a location in LA close to my house, said AGD backs their work and will take care of everything for me and call me back. Within 30 min he called back, had a location very close to my house and that I all I would need to do is just call to book my appointment. I took my car in to the new place, booked my appointment and they confirmed that it was installed incorrectly. They confirmed this with Gilbert and he said whatever the costs to replace it and make the customer happy and that AGD would back their work and cover all costs. As far as I'm concerned, because of Gilbert's professionalism and desire to take care of my situation promptly without question, I feel that that's how u take care of customers and back your company's workmanship. Sometimes this happens and I totally get it. I just bought another car and will be taking my car back to Arizona to have my Jeep windows tinted and would recommend this place to my family/friends and to anyone looking for a value but excellent 5 star service! Thanks guys- Rudy
5	After buying my new SUV, I took it to AGD to have limo tint put on.  Shortly after I dropped it off, they called reporting a power outage, but would keep me updated on whether the work would be done in a timely fashion.  The power came back on and they did a perfect job!  The staff is very courteous and professional and I would recommend AGD to anyone.
5	I'm new to AZ.  Found them on Yelp with good reviews.  They repaired our windshield with no wait and friendly staff.Hopefully I won't need you again, but if I do, I'll definitely be back!
3	Good Morning Chris,Thank You for the response.  There have been no messages left on my phone. There was though a call from your Biz that rang three times then hung up. I'm positive there was no messages left. But anyway that's water under the bridge. I appreciate you reaching out. As time has gone by I figured you forgot about me. I realize a gash in my leather seat is hard to prove, and I got the impression that your company didn't want to at the very least recognize that it could have happened during tint install. I felt from the beginning that I had the burden of proof. Best Regards
5	I contacted AGD on a Wednesday after having purchased a new vehicle, was asked if I could come in Thurs of Friday, so made an appt. for Friday. Showed up 30 minutes early, they took my keys and got started immediately. Went across the street and had lunch, came back and car was all done. They did an excellent job and I could not be happier with the tint! A+ Service, fast and a job done well, would certainly recommend them to anyone looking to have tint done.
1	have done business with many tint places and have always gotten the extended warranty so as to replace when scratched or when windshield got damaged and tint strip needed to be replaced.  this place got me for more money than i have ever paid on any of my previous vehicles.  not only did i not get the type of coverage i asked for when my windshield was replaced today they basically told me fu and said they were on the preferred vendor list with my insurance but because another glass company replaced my windshield they refused to replace the strip.  i would not recommend to any of my friends, family, or coworkers this establishment as they are not honorable.  i should have gone to the company in n. scottsdale i previously used and paid 140 for the same exact tint job plus they gave me the extended replacement warranty and i had awesome customer service at both previous companies used.  watch what your getting people because it wont be what u asked for...just saying....beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Fast and easy! The lady I talked to on the phone yesterday was really helpful and sweet. The gentleman who came to my office to replace my windshield was super fast and to the point. I will call again if I need their services!
3	Just make sure the dont scratch your car!  The tint job is fine but I found several scuff marks on my car.  That was disappointing.
