5	The newest edition and 2nd location located in the Plaza hotel in downtown. Awesome set up, bar, live music and great food for a decent price. It makes the local hawaiian communtiy out here happy and also hawaii vacationers feel like there home! Food is priced right and portioned right and tastes even better. Parking is free if validated. Lots of open seating at tables or at the bar and the staff is super friendly and efficient. Definetly a must stop for everyone. Also just like the other location, poke express is available along with its grill menue for take out food!
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in here after a recent yelp event. We had never been in the plaza before (just remodeled) and wanted to check it out. The service was perfectly fine, the rolls we had were fine, if a little over priced. The only major issue I had with the place was that they had some singers/guitarists playing. Usually this is a nice touch, unless it's so loud you can't even have a conversation. Not bad singing, but it's really hard to enjoy a meal when your ears hurt and you can't even have a conversation. I waver between 3 and 4 stars, but I'll go ahead and say 4. The only issues that they had are the kind of thing they'll grow out of as they go along.
4	We were skeptical at first....but glad we tried it!! Loco moco was awesome. Ahi poke real yum and fresh. Salmon skin roll wasnt very nively put together but tasted great!! They even get the hawaiian lilikoiand passion fruit drink! And malasadas too! Must try in vegas!!
5	I went to Island Sushi on 9/24 for lunch with a few friends, and WOW! I've eaten a lot of sushi in Vegas, and I have to say this is right up there with my top picks. It's also a good spot for casual dining for non-sushi eaters as well, as there are options for sandwiches, salads, and bento boxes, noodles, etc... We devoured: Seaweed salad- fresh, no fishy or briney taste. Very light. $4 (I think) Kilauea roll -  spicy tuna, fried unagi, and spicy miso sauce.  $15Crocodile roll - spicy soft shell crab, avocado, deep fried unagi, and eel sauce (The eel was perfectly prepared, fresh taste, no fish oil flavor like you sometimes get.) $13Philadelphia roll - salmon, avocado, cream cheese $8808 Ahi Poke salad - entree size with BEAUTIFUL tuna. $9Tuna nigiri $5Our non-sushi eater ordered the ISHG Players Club sandwich, which was VERY tasty. Chicken breast, ham, bacon, lettuce, tomato, topped off with a curry aioli.$8Everything that we had was very light in taste, exceptionally fresh, and generously portioned. Prices on the sushi were slightly higher than other places in town but I expect that in a casino, and given how good everything was, I'm really okay with that. Bonus: the wasabi was FRESH. Good job! (I've only had fresh wasabi at Osaka, and they charged extra.)The service wasn't quite as fast as I'd like, but not uncomfortably slow. (Given that it's a Hawaiian style place, I think that a relaxed pace is to be expected.) The friendliness of our server more than made up for it. Overall, I'd give it a 4.5 if I could, with the only drawbacks being the slightly higher prices and speed of service. An enthusiastic 5 for the food. I'll definitely be back!
5	Located in the newly renovated Plaza Hotel, this place just ROCKS.  Sunday through Thursday, they have happy hour specials (twice daily) that offer GREAT food and drink specials...the poki is just amazing!  Most importantly, I had, without a doubt, the very best uni EVER...day fresh, light and absolutely flawless.Service is great, food is great...go there!
4	grand happy hour.  some of the best chicken wing appetizers i've had(sweet, garlicky, addictive).  i've never seen eggplant fries before--similar to fried zucchini & delicioso.  proper spicy tuna roll.  what are those beans called? alamane?  they were $1.50 & addictively tasty too.  total bill was a nice suprise.  great service.  i'll always do happy hour  when i'm nearby.  NICE!
4	Great quality, great service and good prices.  We went for the locals special, half-off sushi and specialty rolls.  Will definitely come back!No complaints, all positive.
4	I was here last night for the Sake Session tasting from 7-10pm.  Honestly, I'm glad that I came back, since the second time was apparently the charm.  I  was here one other time, but came before the place was officially open for business, since they were still working out the details with the menu and they actually had forgotten about my sushi order.  Granted, there were about 8 of us and it was a soft opening, so I figured that I'd wait til I wrote a review for this place--especially since I keep hearing about the other location and their AYCE sushi option.First of all, for the Sake Sessions event, they had a DJ spinning some tunes and two models in kimonos serving sake, as well as the somm. doling out ladles of sake (my boyfriend just had to have a photo op with the ladies AND the somm).  It seemed like It was an interesting dining experience, to say the least.  I actually saw an 80-something year old man walk up to the models and take pictures with them, all while sporting a huge grin on his face.  Ya, I'm pretty sure he can leave a happy man now.  Lol.  Anyways, back to the food and booze.The menu specials (ranging from $1.25-$8.25) that they had for the event were pretty plentiful and I couldn't help myself from trying out a few of them: Yakitori Beef - tender, delicious, and possibly the best thing on the menuFurikake Ahi - yummy Shoyu Ahi - my fave of the ahi offerings, mostly since I don't really like a lot of different overpowering flavorsThe food was definitely worth the wait, although we had to ask the server twice about the status of our second order.  I'm thinking it may have been because by the time we ordered, it was also getting a bit busier at around 8:30pm.  Aside from the semi-crowded area, loud music (after all, there was a DJ there and it seemed like I came during the dinner rush), and weaving around groups of people downing sake bombs, it was a great time.  I really wish, though, that they would put a bathroom in the restaurant area, instead of having us walk outside and into the casino to use the bathroom, but maybe that's just wishful thinking on my part. I'll have to try other options next time, but for now, I definitely recommend this place to anyone needing a Hawaiian and  Sushi fix on side of town.  I'm actually closer to the Eastern location and will have to try out this place to see how it stacks up.
3	Ambience is good. The price is pretty good. The food is good with a decent portions. Malasadas is a must. Have a extra time to wait. Service is not that fast. Hawaiian time.
5	I LOVED it here. I go to school in Boston so clearly I don't get my local Hawaii food a lot but wow, these guys got my fix. Not to mention a lot of the wait staff is from Hawaii so in addition to having local food you also get local people and attitudes. When we went to Aloha Specialties Restaurant they weren't extremely friendly. Like I know they're always busy but really. So we had a local boy who was extremely friendly and went out of his way to make us feel at home.When I got in I got so excited because of all the local food. They had malasadas, cocoa puffs, chicken katsu, garlic chicken, everything I eat at home and I didn't even know what to choose from. I had a garlic chicken bowl and sushi. Oh my god, garlic chicken, how I missed thee. It's not mitsuba or Mistuken but it's still good. It wasn't dripping with sauce which is both good and bad. I ordered the bowl because I had the thought, oh well the bowl will be smaller. No not really. In addition I had maguro and ebi nigiri (which was delicious) and a California roll (delicious, but a little bit of a vinegar taste in the crab meat). So with everything I ordered I was actually very excited for my dessert which was the malasada sundae. It was so yummy, the warm malasada pieces which could have be crispier but it was delicious with the vanilla ice cream. There was also a strawberry sauce that I don't really think added to the dish but it didn't take away from it either. I think I'm just a chocolate person.Best part, everything was so well priced. I don't feel like I overpaid which is weird because Vegas was so expensive. And with the service we got I seriously would not have cared if it were a few dollars pricier.
4	Missing island food?  Next time you're in Vegas, check out this place in The Plaza.  They even have malasadas and coco puffs!
4	Best limu poke & malasadas I've had outside of Hawai'i!  Please come to the Bay Area!!
3	Had a stay-cation at the Plaza, just to see how remodeled Plaza looked.  We also notice that they put in a sushi place called Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill.  Which I do like sushi and Hawaiian food, so we had to stop there.Located inside Plaza Hotel and Casino, they made the restaurant nicer looking.  I remember 4 years ago, it was a buffet restaurant.  But after the "making it over" and adding new carpets, new furniture and a lot of new things.  Having the Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill, makes Plaza a place to check out.  Focusing on the restaurant itself.  It was located in a nice area, right in front of the casino floor and close to the check in desk.  The place seems to be the right size for this kind of restaurant.  It also had a sushi bar and a bar with slot games on them.  It was clean and the color scheme seem decent.  The staff seems very nice. Service on the other hand, seems a bit slow. I could understand if it was busy, but with 4 other couples, I see no reason to wait 5 minutes for a refill.  I was really hungry, so I had the Teriyaki chicken plate and 2 orders of California Rolls.  I'm not the one that goes into details about sushi or how it taste compared to others.  I'm just one of those people who just like to eat sushi regardless.  Sure enough, I did like the California rolls and ate them all.  The teriyaki plate, with rice, macaroni salad was also decent.   But I'll be honest, I was expecting more of a teriyaki taste, but didn't really taste much teriyaki.  But it was cooked very well at least.  My recommendation, if you are in the area, this is a decent place for sushi.  Teriyaki chicken is cooked very well and presentation was good.  Probably want to request Teriyaki sauce on the side or so.
4	I love the extensive menu and friendly service!  Reminds me of being in Hawaii.After going to Aloha Specialties at the Cal for 10+ years, I was ready to give Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill in the Plaza a try.  My relatives from Hawaii and my parents said that it is like Aloha Specialties but slightly more expensive.  Island Sushi is open later and they have happy hours from 3-5pm and again late night.  It is a sushi bar and restaurant.  They also have fresh malasadas and a poke deli!Here is what I had:Avocado Ahi Bowl $8.95:  I chose to order the Avocado Ahi bowl which was basically their poke with avocado chunks and sliced cucumbers on a bed of rice.  I had buffet yesterday and chose this instead of a meat dish I would normally order.  It is definitely enough to fill you up, but I prefer Aloha Specialties poke more.  The ahi here needs to be marinated more or served with more of the sauce.Some of the other dishes we tried:Saimin:  My dad had the saimin and thought that their noodles were very good.  Nice and al dente... not mushy at all.Teriyaki Beef:  My mom had this and the meat was sooo tasty!  I saw about three other people around us with the same order.  One of the best teri beefs I have ever had.Garlic Chicken:  My brother's mouth was stinging from the subtle spiciness in the chicken's crust.  It seemed like white pepper or something like that.  A delicious dish with a tiny kick.  A lot of chicken!MALASADAS:  If you come you definitely should try their custard filled malasadas!  They are made fresh throughout the day but you don't necessarily get them hot out of the oil.  They are filled when you order them though.  We tried the Haupia and the regular custard.This place is slightly more expensive than Aloha Specialties but it is a sit-down restaurant so you are paying for the great service too.  It is only maybe a dollar or two more per entree.  Most of our dishes were about $8-$9, still a very cheap meal!  Plus they have a bunch of rolls if you are in the sushi mood.Loved it... will be coming back on future Vegas trips.
2	The food sounded so good. We had a bunch of sushi, garlic chicken, and malasada sundae. But I feel it was a trap.I felt the portions were big. But my seared ahi tasted funny. It had a tangy taste; what the hell? Three people in my party got stomach aches the following morning. You'll have to make your own assumptions from there.
5	I'm so from Hawaii.  I love this place.The service here is awesome.  Staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Place is nice and clean.  Island Sushi is a restaurant and Sushi Bar.  We had a bunch of different sushi rolls (sorry i forgot the names) which were all good... We also tried the saimin, spicy ahi bowl, kalua pig and cabbage, and garlic chicken.  Everything was great.  Oh and how could I forget the spam musubi!  We also got musubi's for our road trip to CA. :)Definitely makes you feel like you are back home...The next time I'm in Vegas...I know for sure I will end up here at some point!
2	Food is tasty but if your looking for fresh fish you may be disappointed most dishes are made with frozen product. Prices are a bit inflated probably because its hard to get fresh frozen fish in Vegas. The poke they had for sale looked old and not so fresh even though the signs all said fresh fish. Who are they trying to fool? People from the mainland yes people from Hawaii i don't think so we see what fresh fish looks like and its not what they had for sale. I would say pass if your looking to eat sushi there are better places out there but if your suck in downtown go to the golden nugget for sushi at least the fish is fresh.
2	My husband loves sushi, I am in love with teriyaki.  While he was satisfied with this place I was gravely disappointed.  Don't get me wrong the service was nice, the lady who greeted us was friendly and our server was attentive.  (Well, except for bringing the check around.)  I ordered a teriyaki burger with fries and I guess I was just expecting something juicy and dripping with sauce.  This burger was dry and reminded me of the beef on a cruise ship.  Frozen for far too long and probably really old.  The bun was thick and would have really worked best on a juicy patty, but on this dried up mess it was just plain overkill.  Can a girl at least get a pineapple slice up in here?  Nope.  Skip it, there are so many more options at the Plaza to choose from.
4	So my final review, the food was Good. The mac salad needed a little help. Hubby says the beef stew needed mor tomato sauce or paste: garlic chx was good but needs a little more marinating. The crunchy tempura roll was really good. The people were really nice and friendly... They got The Aloha spirit, not like some of these other so-called island places/local food. Overall hubby & would visit more often :)
4	we hit this place a few times a month for lunch. Service is quick, staff very friendly, and there's a display counter for fresh fish a la Poke Express in NLV.  You can order it out which is pretty cool, or have it served with your lunch.I typically order Won Ton Min, which is pretty good, with a side of tako poke or kim chee cucumbers.  Spam musubi had just a little too much rice; i like a closer Spam to rice ratio, and it comes served wrapped in plastic. I am guessing that it's not fresh pressed, but previously made, but it still tastes good.  My friends typically get Bento boxes, and hold the furikake.  They seem to like their mochiko chicken and other stuff.  The one bad thing about going here, and it's not really the restaurant's fault, but there's a weird chemical smell throughout the casino.  Almost like every ventilation return has some fabric softeners stuffed in there or something.  restaurant: 4weird funky smell: 2.5
4	It first time checking out Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill. I have always heard about the original one on eastern. Only good things about but never got around too trying it mainly because live on the opposite side of town. Some friends in town from 808. They staying downtown thinking about checking it out plus they heard good things word of mouth. The menu is very diverse come too getting your local grinds on. Too many comfort foods mention but cliff notes. The breakfast food portuguese sausage eggs and rice, malasada and coffee, too lunch every plate lunch can imagine, pupus plenty choose from, and dinner entrees keep local theme meatloaf do it local moco style. The sushi part of the menu is quite diverse lot of different speciality rolls too nigri style. One thing that stood on the sushi menu is the Poke express. U can have poke done in lot of different styles. Not many non local style sushi restaurants even have poke or do it any justice. So having the option too pick is pretty cool. Three of us. We order couple of speciality rolls too share and each order something. I had the chicken and eggplant. I enjoyed!!! I felt everything was done right chicken, eggplant not dried out but nice sear and moist, and came with rice and mac salad (not big fan of the mac salad). Portion size. Wow! Sure getting money worth comes too the food. Three of us ordered three speciality rolls, and shared calamari. No way finish my plate once looked at the amount. Friends ordered the pork chop (honest not fan of neither was my friend, not bad just pork chop thin cuts rather then nice thick cuts, and just ok) and other friend order chicken katsu curry. All say food was Ono!The service was good. Server little hard too find came too getting refill on friend iced tea. Still overall she was very friendly, knowledgable, and great job explaining the menu. It pretty big menu. It great experience and sure one that if hanging out downtown be place recommend for local style grinds. The pricing is not bad nothing that going too break the bank. Lol. Its local food peeps. The fact Plaza renovation (my first time in the hotel since renovated it) LOT nicer only plus!
4	We were leaving Union Plaza when we walked by.  It wasn't crowded (perfect for my husband who doesn't like to wait) so I suggested we have dinner here.I wish I had gotten pictures of what my husband and mother ate but they were a little to quick for me in picking up their chopsticks.My mom had the saba.  Now anytime my mother eats all here food, I know it was good because she is such a little eater.  Normally half of her food ends up on my husband's plate but not this time.  She said it was really good and very tasty.My husband had a bento, which he loved as he ate without speaking.I had their Kim Che Saimin, which was awesome!  The broth was really warm and soothing and very tasty. The noodles firm and not mushy and it had lots of kim che as well as spam, char siu and kamaboko.  I would definitely have this again.My husband asked me to note this place down so that we remember to come here again on our next vacation.Everyone there was very pleasant and very friendly.A+ for Service!
5	Raw fish is bomb! Everything on the menu is good! Come before 6 or make reservations its GOOD!!
5	Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill is FANTASTIC for breakfast!!!  There was a good variety on the menu.  Pretty generous portions.  The sweet bread French toast was very tasty.  Good rice.Service was EXCELLENT.  Very courteous, and very attentive.On our next trip back we will have to try lunch and dinner.  We made it to breakfast 2 days in a row.  Enjoy yourself!
5	This restaurant is an excellent alternative to Aloha Specialties at the Cal. Hooray! The food at Island Sushi is on par, maybe even better! And they are open later. Poke bowls, oxtail - great!
5	BEST LOCAL FOOD DOWNTOWN! Everything I've eaten here was ono, the server P.K. is friendly and the malassadas are better than back home. It's sad when you gotta travel to Vegas to eat good local food. Hawaii is slippin.. HANA HOU ISLAND SUSHI!  P.S. The only advice I'd give to the owner is to speak to the hotel about the strong deorderizer smell upon entering the casino. It's unappetizing and makes me nautious. That's what stops me from going to eat there as often. It's driving business away, and  I'm forced to do take out and eat it in my hotel room.
2	What a disappointment this was. We're staying at The Plaza and ate here for dinner. I had the Garlic Chicken which came with rice and macaroni salad. The chicken was dry, fried, and didn't taste of garlic. They should have tossed it in a light  garlic sauce. The macaroni salad was not made within the last couple of hours because the mayo was already absorbed, so it was dry and tasteless. The plate also arrived cool. My partner ate a bento box with ahi tuna, teriyaki chicken, rice, noodles, and spam. It was also cold, chicken was dry, and tuna was ok. We had much better food at King's Hawaiian in Torrance. The sushi looked good, so all these positive reviews had to be about the sushi and not the rest of the menu.
4	A very welcome addition to the Plaza.  Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill is in the spot formerly occupied by the 777 Buffet, perhaps the saddest buffet in all of Las Vegas.Island Sushi is a very clean restaurant with extremely friendly and attentive employees.  And the food ain't bad, either!I've eaten breakfast here twice and it's been very good.  On my last trip, I went with the "Big Aloha.," The Big Aloha consists of fried spam, Portuguese sausage, sweet bread, rice, macaroni salad, and a loco moco.  Yeah, gotta think I ingested around 2,500 calories or so...2,596 or so with the Miller Lite.Added bonus - a walk up counter with poke from Poke Express!  Nice!  You can also order some malassadas to go, and they're simply outstanding.  They put the filling in the malassadas right in front of you.  Top notch!I'll definitely return on my next trip to downtown LV, assuming I have a hangover at some point.   :)
4	I have heard about Island Sushi's Eastern Ave. location through friends and co-workers, but never had a chance to go there since I don't live close by. Within the past 3 months, we had relatives who were staying at the Plaza Hotel and finally had the chance to eat here twice for dinner. The service here is awesome! I believe most of the employees are from Hawaii. P.K., Lisa and Conrad were very friendly, attentive and entertaining. The entire family enjoyed talking to them while we were there. I have only ordered a few items off of their menu, but so far everything was pretty good. On my first visit, I ordered the Kalua Pig plate with no cabbage. It was average - not dry, but definitely not the best I have had. Actually, I have not found a place in Vegas where they serve very good Kalua Pork. One thing I really miss about Hawaii! During my second visit, I did not feel very hungry and decided to go with sushi. I ordered a Natto Roll, without the scallions. Yes, I am probably one of the few people who eat natto. It is also rare to see this on the menu at any sushi restaurant. To my surprise, it was actually pretty small so I ended up ordering 2! Yummy! For dessert, we ordered the Malassada Sundae, which was pretty good! They cut the Malassada into bite-sized portions and it is served with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. My only complaint is that they went over board with the whipped cream. But it was no problem, as we just scrapped it off to the side. Our servers also mentioned that a lot of the Hawaii visitors like to order spam musubis and bentos to-go for their flights back home. You can place your orders earlier in the day, tell them what time you will be leaving for the airport and they will have your order packed and ready to be picked up by then! I am definitely looking forward to coming back next month when we have more relatives in town!
5	Onolicious!   .... Everything - dragon roll, Hawaiian roll, crunch roll, edamame, spam and Korean beef and noodles, and calamari and Kiran and Sapporo beers. You can't go wrong here.
4	Island Sushi has some great sushi and  island-style grinds! My friends and I especially liked the furukaki poke, the garlic chicken, oxtail curry and the many unreal sushi rolls that we stuffed ourselves with. The waitresses and the entire staff were so friendly, and went out of their way make us feel at home. Highly recommended for anyone hungry for local food and excellent, fresh sushi.
4	Been here 2 times already. Luv the lilikoi soda drink. Had some sushi and poke that was yum!! The malasadas are awesome too! Loco moco is good but we tried some food last time that was a bit too salty and too oily(fried rice). But overall is a good place to eat!
3	Beggars can't be choosers right? The restaurant was in our hotel and we need something to soak up the alcohol from the night before.  Solutions?  Greasy Loco Moco! Coming with a party of r 3, the general conclusion was the food was subpar.  This stuff could not pass or remain in business in Hawaii.  But considering we're not in HI, I guess this would have to do if I really wanted local food and was too afraid to try anything else in Downtown.  The gravy in the Loco Moco was weird, the MAC salad was just odd, and the saimin lacked any real flavor.  The only highlight to the meal was the Portuguese Sausage.  It was decent but how can you really mess up frying some sausage? Service was friendly at least! Also, be on the lookout for a 15% off your whole bill when you check-in through Yelp!
3	AYCE dinner. I really want to give them a higher rating but I just can't.  Personally I love the customer service and environment, probably one of the best I've ever had in Vegas, very friendly, conversational, fast with everything, made us feel special, it's a Hawaii thing we do shine when it comes to that LOL at least most of us. If it was based just on customer service it would be a 5 star definitely. The AYCE menu was OK but mostly disappointing especially when it came to the sushi and desserts. It seemed like everything we usually order at AYCE sushi restaurants weren't even on the menu or had to be pay extra.  No sashimi, poke, uni, smelt eggs, shrimp tempura, or sushi rolls that stood out.  The sushi rolls were smaller and didn't standout visually and taste wise. For desserts, small mochi ice cream which looked like the one you get straight from the box sold at the market and cut into quarters.The goods were mostly off the non-sushi section of the AYCE menu.  The green mussels, fried oysters, various chicken items, etc. If you do come here I don't recommend the AYCE if you want the best of what they have to offer.  I mean you still can do the AYCE and get satisfied. But me, I'll just order from the regular menu since it seemed like a better menu.
1	cheesy krab goodness, slathered-in-sauce roll heaven/hell (depending upon your preference) sorry. not my bag, baby...stopped in here hoping for a quick bite before night of the living neon. arriving just after happy hour started at 3, the list of rolls goes on! but i'm a traditionalist."It's ALL fresh," he says. Bologna! (or should I say spam?) Spam is served as a principal ingredient in most of their soups.#tuna nigiri, past its expire date. fishy, nasty. rice is warm. ew.#salmon nigiri, same. faded.switching to cooked menu. maybe something better comes out of the kitchen?Nope...UDON SOUP#broth from instant powder, laden with MSG. epic fail#15% discount with yelp check in doesn't work if you aren't already GPSd to the area. no GPS coverage in here!what a waste.
4	I thought the day that my husband (the former sushi hater) actually recommended a sushi place to me would be the day that hell froze over.  It's always the other way around. The day has finally come, but I'm happy it did! My husband and his friends always hit this place up when they're in town, and I was excited to be able to try it myself.  One of husband's best friends is a Hawaiian native, and he loves it here - the Hawaiian seal of approval told me this place would be a winner.  They've got a great selection of inventive sushi rolls, and their ahi poke bowl is yuuuuuuuum. Their prices are pretty fair, given the portion size and the fact that it's in a Vegas hotel.  The service was a little spotty, but overall pretty good.  They actually play island music, which makes me forget where I really am.  Both my specialty rolls were fresh tasting and full of flavor.  I kept stealing bites of my husband's ahi poke.  I'd love to be able to try their happy hour, or maybe wear sweat pants and belly up to the All You Can Eat stuff the next time I'm in town.(And check in on Yelp when you get here - they've got free Wifi if you ask the server for the password - and you'll get 15% off!)
3	The food is not bad but I think price is a little hight for downtown. Service is very slow.. And when we arrived they are not busy at all..
4	Had to give this place a try the prices were on the expensive side but i guess since it's sushi and other food i guess that's Vegas for you lol. Although i didnt get sushi. I ended up getting the bento box 3 which was one choice of chicken , rice, spam and fried noodles which all portions were just right for me. Although everything else is pricey i would indulge in this place again. Oh and the bonus as i was checking in on this place with yelp on my iphone a coupon popped up for here for 15% of entire bill so i asked and showed the coupon to the waiter and he said yes he'll take 15% off sweet I love Yelp!!
4	My first time eating Hawaiian food, and I loved it!  It also happened to be my first time trying meatloaf, which they serve loco moco style.  The gravy was honestly better than the meatloaf though. My boyfriend said it was so-so compared to some he's had.   Keeping with the firsts, I also tried spam for the first time, after diligently avoiding it for 20-some years. I ordered a Spam Musubi and I've gotta say, it was pretty simple and delicious.  We also shared a couple sushi rolls, which didn't disappoint. They have some very creative options.  The sashimi with cream sauce was way too sauce heavy, but the sashimi itself was good. I'd order it plain next time. We had a tough time figuring out who our actual waitress was, as someone different seemed to come to our table every time, but the service was very good.  I could have done without the hostess who kept coming back, and who lingered a bit too long, with her back to me, flirting a bit too much with my bf, but she was pleasant enough I guess, haha. They have a huge menu and I'd definitely love to go back next time I'm in Vegas and try some different things!
5	Stayed in the hotel for a golf tournament.  The food and service at Island sushi was very good.  The staff was extremely nice.  The variety of poke was excellent.  Can't wait to bring my wife and daughters to this place.
3	This place isn't bad. Food is not bad. Took my gf here and she likes the bento boxes. I tried the oxtail soup here and it was ok. The malasadas took me straight into a sugar coma, it was good. Sushi was ok. Service was good, everyone is friendly and the servers are quick. Happy hour menu has some pretty good selections.
4	I took my parents here in January 2012, when they visted from Hawaii. I missed my Hawaiian food and was told to try this place. The staff was great especially P.K.. I think we crossed paths back in Honolulu at UH?!?!?!Anyways, I had to have sushi and poke. I was so lucky to have P.K. He brought out a malasada to try. ONO!I asked to meet the manager. I think they were scared that something may have happened. I spoked to Daniel Toves for awhile. He invited me back in for Happy Hour and to bring my LEO friends in next time.I too noticed the chemical smell, but it did not overwhelm the Kalbi or Won Ton Min that I shared.Next time, ship home some Malasadas. Daniel ships in the dough from Hawaii.
4	My husband and I went for lunch and we were not disappointed.  We don't usually go downtown but we went just to eat at Island Sushi.  The service was super friendly and helpful and the food was good, reasonably priced and the portions were a generous.  Plus you get a coupon for checking in on YELP.  I would say it is worth the trip!
5	I have been going to the Eastern location for months now. I have fallen in love with their garlic chicken, customer service, and customization. I started ordering for pick-up at this location and the menu is a bit different. The cook(s) seem to cook the garlic chicken to more of a crisp. The sushi is more fresh along with the sashimi you can buy on the side which is priced per pound! I always end up getting a bento box with garlic chicken and a tuna sashimi.Yes, I am indeed a regular at both locations and the employees know me. Yes, I would recommend this place. You can be damn sure to find me here and the Eastern location picking food up!
5	Awesome experience!  I went with my coworker, and we were beyond pleased with everything!  Nice ambiance, and wonderfully helpful staff!  I had the crunchy roll, tuna mango passion roll and the hand rolled california roll.  My coworker Uliana had a bento box and we each had malassadas afterward.  All of it was fantastic, and super filling!My phone being stupid (not Iphone or smart), would not let me access the page, but I let them know I checked in on FB and would be writing this review, and they were cool enough to honor it!Not only did we get 15% off, but since I went for my monthly sushi craving, we got 50% off on the cut rolls for being locals! *****SUPER VALUABLE LOCAL TIP!!!!  JUST CHECK THE TIME FRAMES FOR VALIDITY AND STIPULATIONS****  50+ dollar bill cut down to 37 plus tip!!!  Island Sushi, you have some new friends and we will be letting everyone in the downtown area asking us about some awesome places to eat know your nearby location!  Thank you for everything!!!
5	I usually go to the SE location.  But now that this one is so close to me work I am here at least twice a week.  Love the Poke express
5	The food was fresh and deeeeelicious! There will most def be a stop here everytime I come to Vegas (:
4	Awesome "Eggplant Fries" with a Red Miso Sauce "To Die For"We stopped in at Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill for happy hour and enjoyed some wonderful, creative food and great service (that was very attentive but not cloying).For happy hour, drinks are two for the price of one, and they allowed us to order one set of drinks at a time (vs other places that make each person order two drinks at a time).  We started with a round of lychee martini's, which were delicious, smooth and garnished with whole lychees.The happy hour sushi offerings were half rolls for half price.  We got four half rolls (spicy tuna roll, Island roll, tuna & mango passion roll, and a tiger roll).  We really loved the tuna & mango passion roll, which was extremely original and very tasty.But what really set the meal apart were the "eggplant fries" with a house-made spicy red miso sauce.  These were perfectly done... not greasy at all, perfectly salted, creamy on the inside, crunchy on the outside, and the sauce was unique, spicy and delicious.    We're looking forward to going back (and to trying their location on Eastern as well).
4	The only reason for a four star is because I haven't tried everything on the menu yet. This is a great place with awesome Malasadas here better than Leonards. I had the meat loaf loco moco and it was awesome. The sushi is good also..
4	Plaza Las Vegas, holler! Things are looking up with the remodel, and Island Sushi is no exception. We arrived just after 9pm, which qualified us for late happy hour prices, even better!Lychee Martini - HH BOGO, so $5 each, great.Island Special Roll - Spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, eel sauce & spicy aioli. It was half-off for four pieces, but they threw a second (accidentally made) order our way for free. Sweet! Bento A - Garlic Ahi, Spam, Teriyaki Chicken over rice and noodles. The waitress steered us toward the teriyaki chicken, their only non-breaded option with this bento, and it was great, not "teriyaki sweet" at all. The bento + sushi actually ended up being too much food, and we really wasted a lot, unfortunately, but it all tasted very good. I'd probably split the bento for two and order the Island Special and try the poke next time.Consequently, no room for malasadas, but we'll definitely be back for them!
5	OMG Great food, great service, waiter was awesome, manager check with each table if everything is fine. Very pleasant experience. It's worth it to pay for "All you can eat" than regular dinner. Their sushi rolls taste sooo good, the teriaki beef is also AMAZING, soooo yummy!!! I will totally go back there with my friends. So happy downtown is having more and more good options for dining, I love Freemont St!!!
2	Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill in the Plaza had become a surefire bet for me over the last few months, especially when I found myself downtown, hungry because I waited too long to get something to eat, and turning into a veritable raging monster, wandering around moody and lightheaded, and just as aimless and indecisive as to what my next meal should be.I would pop in here for lunch, sit at the sushi bar, and could pick from almost any of their specialty rolls to achieve serenity and balance. And even more so if those picks included the Candy Cane (spicy soft shell crab with tuna hamachi) or the Lava Lover (spicy tuna, Cajun tuna and chili paste, served with a spicy garlic ponzu sauce).And if I happened to amble in a bit later, I could satisfy the raging hunger monster inside me with some Spam Musubi: a grilled portion of spam wrapped in sushi rice and nori, and seasoned with Furikake (a Japanese condiment made with dried and ground fish and sesame); I never imagined I would ever love love love something made with Spam, but Island Sushi had made me a convert.And then tragedy struck.Sometime between my last two visits, the restaurant had decided to give diners the options of eating a la carte, or paying a fixed price for lunch and $dinner, and ordering off their all-you-can-eat menu.On the upside, the menu lets you sample not only their many sushi rolls, but smaller side dishes like their garlic chicken, chicken katsu, and garlic soy edamame that are served tapas style. I was pleased to discover these items on this new menu and really appreciated the crispiness of the katsu chicken. It was the best thing I had that day.On the downside the sushi that came off of this menu was unappetizing and the chicken katsu was the best thing I had that day.While the Island Special (soft shell crab, spicy tuna, eel sauce and a spicy aioli) was just fine, and the Crunch Roll was okay but not as good as I remembered it, the seafood "filling" in Pauhana roll we sampled had the mouth feel of glutinous mashed potatoes and was quickly ejected into our napkins as it could not be swallowed. There was also a spam-based roll we sampled (that I was originally looking forward to given my newfound respect for that mysterious spiced ham) but this disgusting, inedible curio barely made it past our lips; I wish I could remember this specific roll's name, but I have skillfully managed to block it from my memory and only years of unmitigated regression therapy can now set it free.What happened? Did I just visit on an off day or did the all-you-can eat menu change the way these previously delicious dishes were prepared? Is quality being compromised so the restaurant can afford to offer an all you can-eat menu? Or am I only imagining that the quality has gone down in some way and I am blind to a potential bargain that's being offered? Has the new all-you-can-eat menu jaded me in some way? I would have gladly paid $35 to $40 per person for an a la carte lunch here in the past, but the value for the money this time, even with an all-you-can-eat structure, was just not there. All questions and doubt aside, our experience with the sushi on the all-you-can eat menu was a disappointing one. So much so that I do not think I'll be returning. Instead of turning me on to something novel and amazing with their new menu, and taking a convert on new journey of sushi enlightenment, they have ruined the memory of some of my old favorites, so I'm getting off this island.The new menu also added to my displeasure. It's filled with rules and restrictions, such as when certain items can be ordered, and if you don't eat all the sushi you order or eat every grain of rice that comes with it, there will be hell to pay and you that you will be fined a surcharge. While I get the need for this, as some people do go overboard and order too much, and this puts a toll on the sushi chefs, it also cheapens the dining experience a bit and makes things feel somewhat contemptible right from the get go. When I'm hungry and moody I do not want to sit through a stern, five-minute lecture of rules that feels like the opening scene from Gremlins.Meanwhile, every other table was promoting an avaricious eating contest that also seemed to be a new, disconcerting addition since my last visit here. The Loco Moco Challenge! Stuff a three-pound beef patty, six scoops of rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, 12 ounces of gravy and a malassada in your gullet in 45 minutes and it's free! Or pay $39.95 and wear some shame along with a free neon pink t-shirt that tells everyone you're "a loser" for failing to do so. Do they have to eat every grain of rice, too? Classy.I now have no favorite place to go to when I am downtown and hungry, and I am clearly not a fan of the many changes that have occurred here since my last visit, which make me angry. And you wouldn't like me when I'm hungry and angry.
3	This restaurant is okay. It's located in the Plaza Hotel in Downtown Vegas. There's better sushi places in Vegas, but if you're stuck in Downtown then this place isn't too bad. However, if you're craving local food, I'd suggest you go to Aloha Specialties in the Cal instead.We ordered tons of food here and we still had leftovers. Also, I don't think their happy hour was worth it. The portions are extremely small and the price isn't that much cheaper than the non-happy hour price. **Be sure to ask the front desk if they have any coupons for this restaurant. They usually give out 20% off coupons.
4	This was my first time at Island Sushi and my first time checking out the newly remodeled Plaza. Things are definitely looking good!My mom and I had lunch here today and it wasn't bad at all. This is definitely the only option for legitimate sushi in the downtown area and although it is overpriced (minus one star), the service is great and the fish was fresh and delicious. We sat at the sushi bar ordered garlic edamame, which was steamed and tasted great. We decided to order a bunch of sashimi because I don't like to eat heavy lunches. We ordered about 18 pieces between us - super white tuna, yellowtail and tuna with spicy white sauce. All of the sashimi was VERY FRESH and prepared perfectly. The pieces were generously cut too, which I appreciate since I think the prices were a little more than what I'm used to. Overall, if you're in the downtown area and want a quick sushi lunch - valet at Plaza and sit down at the sushi bar. It doesn't seem to ever get too crowded during lunch time, so take advantage! :)
3	The Ahi Poke was delicious! It was a lil salty but I didn't mind it. Just eat it with rice and you're good to go! I also had the Grilled Mackerel and that was also quite scrumptious. Their macaroni salad was amazing... so much better than L&L's. Definitely come here if you want some inexpensive but wonderfully flavored poke bowls!
4	we stayed at the Plaza Hotel downtown and found this wonderful Japanese restaurant inside. We met the owner, who was very nice and welcoming at the door. Inside, the staff made us feel very comfortable and they were very attentive throughout our visit.We decided to go with the "all you can eat" option and were so glad we did. The sushi chef helped us by recommending some items and boy were they all so delicious such as the crunch roll and so on. We were also able to order appetizers along with ramen. So far, they have one of the best udon sobas I have ever tired. Almost everything that I tried was tasty and filled my pallette with enjoyable flavors. I can't wait to go back again!
5	I don't like sushi very much, but my boyfriend does. So, this place was great for us. He could enjoy his All You Can Eat Sushi while I was able to have something else. The food was fresh and we didn't wait long at all. It was a full house and the staff was super friendly and attentive the whole time. We will definitely be returning in the future!
4	I still can't believe I left Hawaii to vacation in Vegas and ended up eating here... this is what happens when you let someone else choose dinner!  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised - the food was good, portions were enormous and they had a great band playing local music that Friday night.  We had one real local Kauai braddah as our waiter, it started off like "Hi how are you all doing tonight?" and once he figured out we were from Hawaii - "Eh! Wot you like drink sista? We got da mean poke!" heheheh.  I think he gave us a discount but who the heck knows, they might give it to everyone but try asking for the kama'aina special price :PI really liked their bento box options, a variety for a sweet price - all of the bento boxes come with furikake rice, fried noodles, spam and choice of teri, mochiko or garlic chicken. I chose the mini for 6.75 and it was plenty along with eating off of everyone else's plates (my sister's kalua pig omelet was pretty tasty!)If for whatever reason you're craving a taste of home while on the ninth isle, it's worth a stop.
4	Garlic chicken was very tasty.  Spam was old and dry. It was close to 10:00pm so that may be why.  They had reasonable late night specials.  I would definitely get the garlic chicken again and try the spam musubi again at a decent time but if it is old then they lose a star.
5	Place is a little hidden. It's in the casino, around the corner from the main entrance. Came here with my mom and her friends on vacation, and I would definitely go back. Waiter was friendly and accommodating. He saw us taking pictures of each other and came over to offer to take a group picture for all of us. He recommended the teishoku, too. It's the best value with miso soup, a few pieces of California roll, side veggies and soybeans, rice, whatever main dish(es) you choose, and even dessert! Mom and I were the only ones with dessert, since everyone else got bentos instead of teishoku, so he was nice and got the others mini dishes of bread pudding, because "it's no fun if only one person has dessert." I gotta say, that bread pudding was da bomb.
5	Goodness me~ How did I forget to review this place? First off, food is ah-mah-ZING! I love how it's sushi and hawaiian at the same time! I cannot fathom how the two would combine so well with eachother. This place is literally a HIDDEN GEM! Way better than the "fast food" L&L! I love their bento boxes. No matter what you order, IT WILL BE ORGASMIC! haha I think I was on some kind of HAPPY PILL...come on....it's VEGAS, you're drinking and eating at the SAME time~
1	Cooking is sloppy. Hamburger steak is frozen hamburger patties reshaped into homemade burgers. Sushi is frozen fish thawed daily. Eggplant dishes are oily. Staff is friendly. Atmosphere is relaxing. More value going to a buffet. Try it for yourself, its the only way to make up your mind.
5	I made  reservation here for 11:30. Parking was tough though.I had the Salmon lovers roll and the Spam Musubi. the Salmon lovers roll was pretty awesome and the Spam Musubi was really good. The location and the prices is what really got me to come here. My friend had Udon and he said it was good but it didn't have as many toppings as other places. However, this might be good for people getting over a hangover! Can't wait to try some of the other dishes!
4	Legit local hawaiian food in DT Vegas by the Fremont strip. They give huge portions and is of better quality than at the Cal. malasadas are freshly made and can be had with haupia, custard or chocolateportugese sausage and eggstonkatsu plate-- big pieces of pork, served with Mac salad and riceDefinitely would recommend for a quick and delicious Hawaiian meal, different from the Cal
4	this place is amazing! the sushi is really good and i had the kimchi fried rice which was amazing :) can't wait to go again
1	This place was awful.  Service was mediocre and the sushi was not fresh.  It was served room temperature and looked old and discolored.  Definitely not fresh.  It was inedible.  When we commented that the fish was not fresh they apologized and gave us some hawaiian donuts for free.  We still paid full price for food that we didn't eat.  Definitely will not be going back....don't want to risk getting sick for eating old fish.
2	Our group ate at this place over several days because it was in the hotel at which we were staying. We had mixed experiences.Our first experience was very good. Five of us went for breakfast, but two of us wanted items from the lunch menu. The cooks kindly granted the requests. The teriyaki chicken was excellent! The cooked-on-the-fire flavor combined with the teriyaki sauce to make a perfect chicken dish. The garlic chicken was very good, as well. At that time, one of the waiters boasted about the oxtail soup on the menu. We said that we would be back to try it.On our next visit, I ordered the saba. It was delicious! The skin was cooked until crispy, and the meat was moist, not dry. Someone ordered hamachi with rice. Unfortunately, a strand of hair was found amongst the beni shoga. When brought to the waiter's attention, he showed the proper amount of shock and dismay, and he quickly replaced the order.Six of us went for dinner the next day, and three people ordered the all-you-can-eat sushi. What a deal! Our waitress returned to our table, frequently, to take the sushi orders. The sushi was a bit slow in being made and delivered to our table. The sushi was good. The nigiri portions were perfect: not too much rice to fill you up. I ordered the oxtail soup and eggplant fries with spicy sauce. The eggplant and sauce were awesome! The eggplant was perfectly cooked; the batter was tempura-crunchy and the eggplant was not mushy. When eaten with rice, it became a meal. The oxtail, unfortunately, didn't live up to the waiter's boasting. The oxtail was flavorless, dry and undercooked. I had a difficult time prying the meat off the bone. When I asked the waitress if the oxtail was always this tough, she said that she didn't know, since she had never eaten it. I was asked if I would like another order of oxtail soup, and if I could wait a few minutes for it to be cooked more. Come on! We all know that oxtail takes hours to cook until the meat falls of the bone. The oxtail soup was taken back, and it was taken off the bill. It was too bad because the soup was good. There were no peanuts, but there was won bok  and the soup wasn't salty. Later, it occurred to me that the oxtail had been microwaved. It would explain why the meat was dry and flavorless. It would also explain the comment about "waiting a few minutes," while it is cooked some more.One person ordered the teishoku. It came with miso soup, edamame, salad, and dessert. When dessert was offered to that person, another in our party realized that she hadn't been offered dessert with the teishoku the day before. We brought it to the waitress' attention, but she ignored it and continued to talk.We scrutinized the bill, when it was delivered to the table. We were charged for a Corona, which no one had ordered, and we noticed that we were charged 18% gratuity. We talked about the fact that there were no signs posted, nor was it listed on the menus that an 18% gratuity would be added to the bill. Neither were we told, when were seated, or when the waitress presented the bill. The Corona was removed for the bill, and we decided to let the tip matter go.Our next, and final, visit included six of us, again. Again, we noticed the 18% gratuity charge. We spoke to the manager, and she offered to show us the disclosure about charging 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. We pointed out that it wasn't posted in the front, it wasn't listed on the menu or nor was it on the bill. She stood there and acknowledged what we were saying. We paid the gratuity, but we asked that the policy be disclosed in one form or another.Overall, the staff was pleasant, the portions were generous, and most of the food was very good. Hopefully, the missteps can be worked out, as the food is good enough to keep people going back.
5	Just Yummy!
5	Absolutely love this place happy hour all day Mon-Wed  and daily 3-5pm, which means half off all sushi! Can't get better then that. I often walk out of this place spending less than $12.00. Great food + great prices= 5 stars!
5	Downtown caters to Hawaii visitors, and this restaurant is no exception. When we went for the first time (well, my cousin and his girlfriend had been here before), there was a UH vs. Reno Nevada game on the TV's and live Hawaiian music.The portions are ridiculously huge, and my cousin's girlfriend took pictures of them. Even the won tun min was huge! But oh so good. And don't get me started on the bread pudding. And the chocolate cake. (Okay, that was normal size, but really tasty).I felt like I was back home amidst the casino and bright lights of the California Hotel. It's legit Hawaiian/local food. We all really enjoyed it and I wouldn't mind going back. Someone mentioned malasadas...so I must try that!
4	Dam good Sushi here.  Scallop roll was the bomb.  Me and the wife faught over every last bite.  The service was fast and fiendly with good portion sizes.  I also notice that the menu prices are about as good as anywhere with plenty of specials and lots of variety.
5	I am a super fan of Island Sushi. Have been ever ince they opened and john Curtas came here and tried their ahi tuna bowl. Omg it is so good! My review is really only for tha item. I've tried a couple of their rolls, which were ok, but the bowls are a great deal!I alwas order the ahi and avocado bowl. It is super delish, served very generously. The perfection lies in its simplicity, just rice, tuna, cucumber and onion. My friends usually sprinkle furikake or soy sauce over it but I eat it as is. When they first opened the bowl cost like 8-9 dlls. Now it's market price, which is like a couple dollars more but totally worth it. My friends are super fans of the spicy tuna bowl as well, but I find the sauce unnecessary.Despite the fact that I come in once a month, the waiters never seem to recognize me. But they always serve me fast and are very friendly, so no biggie.Bonus, each time you check in on Yelp you get 15% off your bill. Each time!
5	Drunk or sober, their food is amazing. The atmosphere is casual, and of course, Hawaiian. We went on a Friday night when they had live music. Awesome! They have an extensive menu for both sushi lovers & sushi rookies. Locals, did you know you get half off sushi rolls?! Sweet! We got a bottle of wine for our table for under $8. Talk about cheap. I highly reccomend the Salmon Lovers roll, the Island Special, & the Makaha Roll. This was a great experience. Great service. Great soul food. Fun Hawaiian music.
2	This was my first visit here. Having heard about it, I had wanted to try the place out for some time now. Here's the scenario:We arrived at the parking garage and stopped at the parking attendant booth, where we had to pay the $5.00 parking fee (refundable in full if validated in the hotel). Went inside the hotel and found Island Sushi & Hawaiian Grill. I noted their sign at the entrance of the restaurant informed potential customers that an 18% gratuity would automatically be added to the bill for a party of 6 or more. I thought that "six" was quite a small party for an 18% gratuity, but oh well. Luckily for us, we were a party of two.I ordered the Hawaiian Breakfast which came with a scoop of sticky rice (this was very good), Hawaiian sweet bread (just OK), kalua pig (dry, hard, and needed salt), 2 eggs (I ordered "easy over"), and lomi tomato (never heard of lomi tomato, so I asked our waiter about the salmon in the lomi tomato. He confirmed that it's only tomato...no salmon). Hubby ordered fried saimin (which was very tasty).In a reasonable amount of time, our orders arrived (pictures posted) and I quickly noticed that my over-easy eggs were much too well done...overly fried. The kalua pig needed salt but it was edible. Some parts of the kalua pig were tender, but mostly the pig was hard and tough. You need to have strong jaws to finish all the pork on your plate! The lomi tomato was good, considering there was no salmon in this dish. Sticky rice very good. I tried my best to eat the rubbery eggs but I had to ask for another set of over-easy eggs. When the 2nd set of eggs came, it was barely different from the first set. The 2nd set of eggs were again equally burned on the bottom, but at least now the yolks were soft and liquidy. I guess their chef only knows how to cremate eggs instead of gently frying them under low heat. Amazing.Oh and by the way, I didn't know it but if you Check In with Yelp while you're at the restaurant, they will give you a 15% discount. No one told me about this discount. I was pleasantly surprised when I did a Check-In on Yelp while waiting for our food to arrive.After our meal we did go over to the Cashier and got our $5.00 parking fee refunded.OK so I've been here, done that.P.S. - Our bill amounted to $17.36 which included the 15% discount from Yelp. I gave them a $20.00 bill and another food server came back with my change of $17.00. Quite astonishing, when I expected to receive $2.00 and some change. I called her over to our table and explained the erroneous change I received. She went back to the cashier, this time returning with the correct change, and she thanked me.
2	I had a lot of expectations coming and since the pricing was comparable to that in LA.  However, aside from the friendly service and convenient location,  the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store.  Presentation was great and the rolls were good too.  But the nigiri wasn't anything that I wrote home about.
4	I really like this place. Was staying in the Plaza Hotel and discovered Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill. Since I lived for a year on Oahu the Hawaiian part caught my interest, but would it be good? I've been to places that claimed to be Hawaiian before and have been disappointed. Not the case with this place. Hawaiians work here. Always a good sign if you're going to eat authentic food from any region to have folks from that region working there. On my first visit I tried a Poke' bowl with avocado. It was very good. I think the Poke' I had in Hawaii was better, but this wasn't bad and certainly the best I've had outside the islands. On my second visit I had the Kalua Pig and cabbage. This is a true test as most say they make Kalua Pig and fail. The Pig here was good and tasted the most like the Hawaiian version I've had since I left Hawaii. Went back for a third visit and had the Poke' bowl again, good again. Same for the fourth visit. Another test is the POG juice, Pass-O-Guava that is, and in Hawaii they have two brands, Hawaiian Sun and Aloha Maid. The first is the good stuff and the second not so much, but cheaper, so when I asked which brand and they said Hawaiian Sun I knew they cared about quality and authenticity at this establishment. Would I go back? Heck, I went back three more times after the first visit and it wasn't just because I was staying at the Plaza. I had my car with me. I could have gone anywhere. Yet I went here. What does that tell you?PS: They have all you can eat sushi for $29.99 at lunch and $34.99 at dinner. Plus they have the Moco Loco challenge if you dare to try. Better be hungry though as only two have made the goal on that one.
2	I didn't care much for this place. We didn't have a good experience with the service, they were really slow and far from busy. I think we saw our waitress twice out of the entire night. When we are gonna go out and pay several hundred dollars for a good meal we kinda expect good service also. Plus their rules were stupid. I understand they want to make a buck and I understand the concept of not wasting food but it was really a rip off place. If I could've charged them as strictly as they were on us, (for their lack of service and food order mistakes), I would've walked out with money in my pocket from them.I definitely won't be recommending this place any time soon.
2	So I went here thinking it was the same as the Island Sushi on Eastern, and it's not. Yes, they do make hawaiian specialties like malasadas and coco puffs, and chantilly cake. Asked the waitress if the malasadas are like Leonard's bakery and she said, she didn't know who that was. Oh... no (not the good ono). I tried the malasadas and coco puffs. Not good. Malasadas were dense, doughy, and okay. Maybe I've been spoiled by the good stuff. The coco puffs were not good either. Okay, the chocolate pudding was fine, but the puff was hardened and soggy by sitting in the refrigerator a long time and the pudding soaked in on the bottom. The macadamia nut frosting was just frosting, not much mac nut taste at all, and it was frikkin too sweet. I'm afraid to try the chantilly cake. Although with Misti Y's info about rolls being 50% off, I might try some when I hang out for the local music.
1	I have to say, me and my husband were having high expectations of this place. As soon as we were seated, I ordered a miso soup and my husband ordered a sushi sake. We decided to order our appetizers right away so we could save time and start eating since we were starving. We waited over 20 MINUTES to get the soup and then another 10 minutes to get the sushi. When I asked the waitress about the delay she said that we had over 50 orders ahead of us and that she was sorry that nobody warned us. Funny thing, though, was that the people seated in front of us ordered food about 3 times and they were served in a timely manner. The food wasnt even that good. I've had better miso soup for a lot less and the deep fried california roll was mushy. I would NOT recommend this place. Save your money and go somewhere else.
2	I just want to say that I was not really wanting to come here because I absolutely hate the Plaza with a passion. But my friend wanted to Sushi and it was close. We got seated fast, only 3 tables being served. It was after 9 pm and wasn't busy at all. I would hate to see it slammed. We ordered hot tea which was simple and good. Next off, we put in an order for seaweed salad and cucumber salad which was also pretty flavorful and good. We put in an order for the philly roll and 007 which was to die for. Melt in your mouth good. the flavors really came together. Than we waited at least 15 min to order another roll. NOone came to check on us. We ordered waters (which she forgot) and than brought us one and set it down in the middle , really??????than we waited another few minutes to finally order the mango salmon roll which I would say was mediocre and flavorless.  We than ordered mochi.....hello?? it is already made so than why did it take 20 min for it to come out. I had to get up and ask about it and also for the check. I am sorry but when you have 4 employees on the floor doing nothing why should I get up for the check and have to ask about my food???? Not ok. I will not be coming back here. TOo overpriced for me.I will say  I did have a %15 off from YELP and showed it to her, but she came back with a %50 off check and we only paid 15 a piece after all was said and done. So at least with the shitty service we did get a huge discount. Probably was a mistake but one that I am ok with.
4	Well above average.
5	My family and I love this place! Their Makaha Roll was onolicious. The uni was fresh and the malasadas reminded me of home. I wouldn't order the Mac salad or pulehu steak though. The service was 5 stars and we got an awesome discount. The best deal in the state is their all you can eat dinner for $35. I tried almost the entire menu!
4	The sushi is fresh and its very good.   Recommend the Island Special Roll.
4	Went here for the first time last week.  Didn't have time for the AYCE sushi, so we stuck with ordering the Local food.  We ordered the Garlic Chicken which was very flavorful and delicious.  My son ordered the Loco Moco and he said that was really good too.  We shared a Hawaiian Roll and liked that a lot too.  Ordered 6 chocolate filled Malasadas to go, which we ate a bit later.  They weren't as good as Leonard's, but very tasty nonetheless.  My disappointment is with their mac salad, which I thought was rather blah.  Service was excellent so I'll return upon my next visit to Vegas.
4	Great variety of rolls and sashimi. Love the poke! Warren the bartender is quick and keeps your glass full. Also very knowledgable regarding the menu. The restaurant had a nice ambiance and the music was fitting. At night they had a wonderful hawaiin singer with a guitar and keyboard setup, brought me back to the islands. I will definitely be swinging in there again soon. If you are in the area its worth stopping in, even if to grab only a roll or two =)
4	When I was downtown I was looking to have a light lunch. I turned to Yelp and this place peeked my curiosity. I was a little hesitant as it was located inside of the cheesy Plaza Hotel and on the casino floor.Thank goodness I trusted my instincts (Yelp has not failed me yet). I sat at the sushi bar and started chatting with sushi chef, Yosh (the hostess called him Aaron??). What a pleasant experience. He's from Hawaii and he knows his stuff. The sushi was fresh, the service was efficient and the prices are excellent! You even get 15% of your entire bill when you check in on yelp. And their happy hour prices led me to try some sake (it was friday so why not?!?)I will definitely go back. For the food and definitely for Yosh! And apparently locals get an even better deal. I better stop being lazy and get that damn Nevada ID!
4	It is "Island" sushi. True to its name, this is not traditional Japanese. This is not Nobu. Go to Nobu if you want Nobu. And the "Hawaiian Grill" is last but not least. They have a huge menu of goodies for locals visiting the mainland, or just locals. Here are the highlights:-Island Special roll-Eggplant fries, genius!-Spam in stuff-Live music Saturday nights, a local guy from Makaka, Babalicious-They DELIVER downtown! Get your order in by 8PM.-If you're dining in, 1/2 off for locals at certain hours, even on weekendsIt feels like a community place. Casual. Calm. Comfortable. The interior is nothing fancy but large groups can sit together and pull up more chairs. Great for families, kickball teams, high school bands, etc. No trouble.Island Sushi, thank you! I also have one small request--can we remove all the signs by the entrance? Walk through the front door and look around and ask yourself--do we have too much crap hung up? Yes, we do. Just take it down. Let's make it nice, okay? Nobody read signs anyway.Thank you for providing the live, local music.
4	Can't come to Las Vegas without a meal at the Island Sushi and Grill in the Plaza Hotel. Usually we stop for dinner, but we had dinner here the other night...doesn't matter the time of day, the food is always ONO! Had the pork with gravy....yummy!If you haven't tried this place, gotta stop here! And on the drive home, pick up their warm malasadas for home!
5	What a great addition to downtown! The service here is excellent and the food is also excellent. I love their chicken terriaki bowl. Also chef's choice poke was very good, saimen, and sushi were all delicious. It's casual and very clean. We will be back again and again. Don't expect sushi roku, think family Hawaiian fare prepared well in a relaxed atmosphere.
5	Decided to give this place a  try from reading pretty good reviews about this place from here on Yelp...and I am so glad that I did!Parking - parked in the parking garage. Had to pay $5 but if you eat at any of the restaraunts or play at the slot machines they reimburst your 5 bucks back!Came here on a Monday evening for thee boyfriend's 25th birthday and it wasn't too busy except for a large party and a few other couples so we were greeted and seated quickly. The hostess and our waitress were so sweet and friendly. We got our drink orders right away...BF-Sierra Mist and I-Hawaiian Sun Passion Orange.Onto the food! One word...ONO!!! Right from the start! We started off with some Pupus (appetizers). We tried the Eggplant Fries with Spicy Miso Sauce, which were so yummy!! I wasn't a big fan of the Spicy Miso Sauce unfotunately, though. My boyfriend & I kept saying it would've been better paired with a brown sauce instead. We also ordered one Spam Musubi, which was different b/c instead of the normal spam musubi brown sauce they put furikake seasoning, but I personally liked it that way. For entrees, my BF got a Saimin bowl and the Pork Tonkaysu with Curry and I ordered a Bento Box C with a choice between Garlic, Teriyaki or Mochiko Chicken. I tried the Garlic Chicken since that's what I mostly read great reviews about. All Bento Boxes comes with furikake rice, fried noodles, spam and takuwan. Garlic Chicken = DELICIOUS!!! Sooo good!! I didn't try my BF's Saimin or Pork Curry but he finished them both and said they were really good. Then of course we had to have dessert since it was my BF's birthday! We couldn't decide between a couple malassadas or the fried tempura ice cream. Decisions, decisions, decisions! We agreed on the fried tempura ice cream, which again I am so glad that we did. Lol. DELICIOUS!! My BF called it the best dessert he has ever had! Only complaint is that for $6, they only give two small scoops!Prices are a little high - for the two of us the total was $50 but it was totally worth it! & I kicked myself for forgetting to Check-In on Yelp for 15% off!! I've also read that they give 1/2 off for locals so I forgot to ask about that too! *face palm* Loved this place, the staff, food, service and atmosphere! We will definitely be coming back here to try other ONO dishes and introduce this place to my ohana!
4	da bomb
5	love this reminds me of home in Honolulu!!! malasada! garlic shrimp! kalua pig, all you can want and more!! i always come here when i was old las Vegas it located in the casino across from the California and it will broke da mouth!
5	Stopped in for lunch, had a California role and a salmon lovers. I thought both where very good, the fish was fresh. Restaurant was very clean, the service was a little slow but nothing bad. Plus locales get 1/2 OFF all sushi roles! :)
4	Let me first off say that the service by PK was awesome.  The food was made and delivered a lot faster than I was expecting. I really had nothing to do so i was looking to kill some time while I ate but they were quick and not in the rushed manner.  I didn't have the appetite to go for the all you can eat sushi so I just elected for a spicy yellowfin roll and a garlic chicken bowl.  The food was really delicious.  I also can't recommend the Hawaiian Sun drinks.  I had two flavors and would like to try them all.  Overall great experience and have them on my list to come back to. I want to give their all you can eat a shot when my appetite is ready
2	seriously overrated! only thing good was customer service
4	Just stumbled on this place while on Fremont, good luck we found it! Sushi and service was good but the included apps were exceptional, garlic chicken, ribs and some mystery meat on a stick. AYCE was a good deal. If your downtown I recommend this place.
4	Fast and friendly service with good music. The malasada sunday was delicious! For drinks make sure you go for happy hour.
4	wasnt sure what to expect from this place being that it was in the Plaza hotel, but food was good, i had a poke bowl and the wife tried the seared ahi plate and both were very good. Still when it comes to poke, their sister location Poke Express up on Craig rd, is the place to go
4	my girl loved the Garlic chicken plate. rice was a bit hard, maybe old? Aaight mac salad.  i had the Pepper salmon, Crunch roll, & House poke.  i really enjoyed it.  Wanted fresh malasadas, got microwaved old malasadas that was sitting under heat lamp. It would have been better fresh.
3	Sushi and other food here just doesn't do it for me.  Sushi was all mushy, i didnt even want to finish it.  Corn beef hash was all mushy as well.  Maybe if you had no teeth, this would be a great spot to eat.The best thing they have to offer is the bomb diggity malasads and green tea lychee hawaiin sun.  THEY ARE AMAAAAAZZZING!!!
4	Island food was ono
1	This used to be a hidden gem at the Plaza on the end of Fremont Street.  Has turned into a train wreck.  What once was a bustling restaurant, with capable wait staff, has turned into something that is beyond description.  No longer do waitresses serve you but you must go up to the counter and order.  Gone are the waitresses and experienced sushi chefs, gone are the specialty fish that used to be for sale.  Glass cases are empty, non-asian sushi chefs are behind the sushi bar, and it was deserted.  I hope the new management is happy.  We used to go AT LEAST once a month, and always took our visitors there - but no longer.  Our group of 5 walked in on July 5th, saw the changes and left.  Congrats to the management for taking a wonderful place and killing it.
3	Had a hard time finding this place.  It's in the Plaza Hotel.  Really friendly service.  Got the Hawaiian Mix plate.  Meat was a bit on the salty side.  Next to Hash House-A-Go-Go, so I'd probably chose that over Island Sushi.
1	We used to love this place but inexplicably they have eliminated waiters and turned it into a take out spot. It's one of the Most bizarre setups I have ever experienced. People are walking all over the place so you can't really relax, no bartender anymore, extremely understaffed. We will most likely never return.I saw the Slots turned off,, so maybe lost the gaming license?
4	We catered our reunion from Island Sushi and it worked out PERFECT!The Reunion was at the CAL so the location was so convenient for us.I worked with Brittany Ignacio for about a week and she helped to create a menu that really worked for us! Everyone raved about the freshness of the nigiri sushi and the poke! I thought the Kal-bi was so tasty and tender! I didn't care for the mochiko chicken and should have stuck with their popular garlic chicken but everyone else thought it was good! If you re looking to cater some local grinds and you are in the downtown area check out Island Sushi at the Plaza!winnah winnah chicken dinnah (shaking my shaka in the air)
5	Malasadas, half price sushi, and attentive customer service. We loved it so much we came here twice on our trip!
5	Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill has the best Hawaiian food on the mainland.  It is totally delicious and reasonably priced.  Half off sushi rolls?!  Hello!  They're practically paying me to eat.  (And if I get enough comps from the Plaza, they ARE paying me to eat!)  I am a sucker for chicken katsu.  And, the sauce can make it or break it.  It is amazing here.  The katsu is a deliciously fried indulgence.  The chicken is tender and crispy.  Loved it!  On another occasion, I ordered a combo platter with a Hawaiian style beef entree (no longer seems to be on the menu) and it was also great.  But, my heart still belongs to chicken katsu.My husband has ordered saimin and kahlua pork, both of which I've taken bites of, and both were delicious.The seaweed salad is some of the best I've ever had.  I've actually ordered it and split a roll and have been totally full.  The malassadas are delicious.  Do yourself a favor and regulate your food consumption so that you can save room for a 'ssada.  You'll thank me later.  Food is authentic.  Employees are friendly.  Service is prompt.
2	We've been here twice.  The first time, six months ago, we had an amazingly great meal with fantastic service.  When we went back the second time, with friends at our suggestion, we found that the wait staff and bartender were gone.  The food was still nice. (I don't eat sushi, but my companions weren't dispelased with their rolls and loved the poke.)  I just found ordering at a cash register completely put me off.  I think I'd be less displeased if I hadn't been there when there was a waitstaff.
4	We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered1. Black widow roll and Island special roll for 12.972. Classic loco moco lunch for  8.22- In the Plaza Hotel Casino. - Order at cashier. Being in a casino, I'd think they seat us and have a waiter take our order but it's pretty much like L&L's way of ordering. - 50% off Regular, Specialty and baked rolls 3-6pm only! Great deal. - 15% off Yelp check-in. Stacie hooked it up "with dat 20% DOE! Yea, buddy!" Probably a mistake on her part. - Can't use the 50% Sushi and 15% check in combo. Come with a friend, 2 transactions. One sushi and the other non-sushi. - Black Widow: Soft shell crab, cucumber with avocado, tobiko and eel sauce on top. The tobiko make it look like the black widow. Soft shell crab was "too soft", non-existent crunch, avocado was fresh. It was ayteee. - Island Special: The most popular roll. Spicy soft shell crab with spicy tuna, eel sauce and spicy aioli on top. Spicy tuna was too mushy. - Rolls weren't impressive but for that price, I can't complain too much! Happy tummy!- Burger was thick. lots of white rice and gravy. Average gravy taste. 2 sunny side up eggs. Mac salad tasted a bit "grainy", like a potato salad. Not the best Loco moco I've tried in Vegas, but still good. - If you're looking for an average tasting HI/JPN restaurant at a SUPERB deal, come here! I'm definitely coming back for more.
3	This was my first visit for lunch dining there.  I had been here several times to order  Malassadas to go.  They were located in the Plaza Hotel in Las Vegas.We ordered at the counter.  Sushi was 50% off all day.  We ordered 3 rolls.  I did a separate transaction for 6 Malassadas to get my Military discount.  I ordered 2 with Custard, 2 with Chocolate, and 2 with Haupia filling.Salmon Skin Roll: 6 pieces of crispy salmon skin with the seaweed on the outside.  My favorite of the 3 rolls.Island Special Roll:  8 pieces of spicy soft shell crab with spicy tuna, eel sauce, and spicy aioli on top.  Too much sauce.  It was soggy.Dragon Roll: 8 pieces of shrimp tempura, crab, avocado with unagi and eel sauce on top.  Too much sauce.  It was soggy.I was very disappointed with their sushi.  Next time I would try a Bento Box, but I will be back for the Malassadas!!!!
3	The deciding factor in giving this place 3 and not 2 stars was the service. All in all the service was decent,could have been a bit more attentive and sincere. When we came in this place was not busy at all but it did fill up rather quickly. Orderd items from the sushi and the regular menu. Pulehu Steak was a bit dry and the flavor wasn't quite there. Sushi rolls at 50% off was a deal,sushi presentation however was rather basic and blah!!! Chantilly cake was very dry and lacked flavor.
5	My husband and I went to Island Sushi yesterday and we have been talking about it ever since. We are fairly picky about our sushi and this place is very good. I have to eat gluten free so sometimes my choices are limited. I told the girl at the counter about my allergy and she went and got the manager. Both took the time to help me find stuff I could eat. They even have gluten free soy sauce in the back. So they were able to help me. I wanted a sushi roll that was not normally gluten free so they adjusted it and made it gluten free for me. It was fresh and tasty! I also tried the edamame with chilis and soy sauce and it was so delicious! I will certainly be back really soon! My husband and I usually get 3 to 4 rolls a piece and pricing was on par with other sushi places we went. They do offer half price sushi and did at the time we were there. It was early afternoon.
3	I felt the need to update my review after coming here a couple of weeks ago for lunch. I have been coming here since the restaurant opened and used to love it. I always would get the same thing, the ahi tuna and avocado bowl. It was the best dish ever, comprised of five simple ingredients but executed perfectly. Its brilliance lay in its simplicity!  Well first of all, they have eliminated all of the asters, now you have to order with the cashier. Second, all of the utensils and dishes are now made of plastic. Third, the food portions are a bit smaller and I found the quality of the fish was just ok. All of this I could deal with if the prices were lowered, I understand that the space is huge and they probably weren't making a profit, but to scrimp on all of their costs and then not modify the food prices... Sadly I don't think I will be returning.
4	Above average sushi at a great price. Staff could not be any nicer. We definitely will be back.
4	Ever get the check and then feel like you're getting away with a crime? That's what happened here. 1 Specialty roll, 2 Regular rolls, Miso soup, Iced tea = $18. Have I had better sushi? Sure. Have a paid less for the quality sushi I ate? Probably not. Struggling to find a staple for my sushi needs downtown, Island will wear the crown for the time being (especially bc of the $2 beers). Head here for a healthy(er) quick bite when you're in the Plaza!Pro tip: If you eat at the sushi bar, you can order directly from the sushi chef. No counter order crud.
4	I LOVE spicy ahi poke bowls. And this place came "fairly" close to the ono bowls from Poke Express. For around the same price, about $10. The bland presentation was made up for with taste. I liked how they added a couple of taro chips to the meal, very cute/ different. I ordered 2 custard malasadas, 2 chocolate malasadas & 2 haupia malasadas all for $7. The custard & chocolate were ono. It wasn't too sweet & the filling was just perfect to where it doesn't squirt out the sides of your mouth when taking your first initial bite. The haupia on the other hand was not what I expected. It was OVERLY sweet & did not go well with the breading. I unfortunately threw both away after the first taste. At least I know now what they all taste like and I will definitely be back for more. The reviews were right, it's as close as you'll get to Leonard's in Vegas. I highly recommend it.
4	Very good sushi. I went there for lunch and it was 50% off all their rolls. Very fresh! Only downside is that the service is slow. It took me 30 mins to get 2 California rolls. That's a long time considering it is a meal that they did not need to cook.
3	Where to start? First off the set up threw me off. You walk in and head towards the back to place the order, which was weird to me, they do not have waiters.I decided to go with the garlic chicken bento box. It was not filling for me alone, but then again I eat more than a man. The rice that was served was cold and very mushy, the whole meal itself was barely warm, the noodles were mighty tasty and the chicken itself had a good flavor but it was a bit hard, it's as if it had been over cooked.On to the sushi rolls. I decided to go with the fried California roll and shrimp tempura. They were not bad, but they were not great either. The were over drizzled with sauce.Lastly desert, no one could ever screw up desert right? Wrong. I decided to go with the strawberry mochi to play it safe since it was my first time coming here and I regret it. How could anyone screw up mochi? It tasted old. The texture is pretty hard to describe but the rice cake was not soft and chewy. I was so disappointed. Overall, the food didn't taste bad, if I was in the area I'd probably give them another chance but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. On the plus they do offer 50% off sushi rolls if you're dining in.
5	$30 for 3 rolls and 2 Saphoros? That is a good night for me. Tried the spicy Mexican which was pretty delicious because it has a squirt of sriracha on each piece and I love me some sriracha. Sushi chef was a sweetheart. Place closed at 11pm. Late Saturday night meal for us. Hit the spot.
3	Good food decent prices... But who is managing this place??? A stoned ghost??!!!?? I mean so disorganized I was about to walk out.... People are nice enough but stuff took forever and it wasn't busy.. You order at a cashier or sit at the sushi bar staring blankly at people ready to order for an hour?! Figure it out. I can't deal.... As I now live in vegas, I'll only be back if im desperate for sushi and broke!!!!!!!!!
4	This place was actually better than I expected after reading the Yelp reviews.  We were the first customers here on January 1 when they opened at 11:00.It was a little confusing, because they don't appear to have table service, however, if you sit at the sushi bar, the sushi chef will take your order and act like your waiter.  If not at the sushi bar, you have to go to the register and order.  It is a take out place that looks like a sit down restaurant.  Don't let that deter you, though, the food was great.My wife got the mochiko chicken and I got salmon rolls and Mackaral rolls and they were good.
4	I just love this place. It's a combination of good food, great prices and the great staff. We eat here at least once a week and always sit at the sushi bar, but don't limit yourself to sushi. Don't get me wrong the sushi is great but they have lots of other great stuff.
3	Okay sushi... Rolls are a little small for the price but the ones we ordered were all 50% off.  Just a heads up: They don't let you take-out leftovers if you get the discounted rolls - if I go back I probably won't order the miso soup so I don't get too full before the rolls come out, that way I won't leave pieces on the table that they won't let me take :-/
2	Now under new management...the fish is still okay, but the rolls are over sauced and for table service you have to wait in line and order at a counter.  Way way down hill since the place opened.
2	I used to come here because it was nice to have a Hawaiian option outside of The Cal.  Even though the food wasn't as good as Aloha Specialties, the variety was much better and local desert options were outstanding.  Did I mention the $34 all-u-can-eat sushi menu?!  Oh yeah!  The best deal on sushi in town bar none.When I heard they had stopped the all u can eat option I hadn't returned.  So this evening I hear their rolls are half off for dine in only.  So we have it a go.The joint is self service.  Order at counter, make your water, get utensils, condiments, and wait for delivery.  So we ordered, got our things and waited.  Kids had the saimin and udon at $6 a pop.  Both are bagged and frozen with packet dashi I'm thinking.  Not at all impressive.We had the 007, Salmon lover, and two others.  Portions were small at full price, but about right if you're paying half price.  The rice was sweet sometimes, too vinegary at other times and fell apart easily.  Flavor was forgettable and nondescript.  While the staff is still friendly and Baba-B was providing the entertainment I can honestly say that we won't be coming back until they get their house back together.  A while ago I thought they'd be the victim of poor marketing.  But now, if others feel the way I do, it'll take much more to get this place back in the lead.  Give it a try and I hope you fare better.  Aloha!
5	Great food & friendly staff... Go see Chef Juan Friday through Tuesday.  He makes amazing speciality rolls.
3	Wow, what happened to this place? I guess I really haven't been here for a long time, until a few weeks ago. We were in the area and craving Hawaiian food. Figured Aloha Specialties at The Cal would be too crowded on a Saturday afternoon, so we decided to come here. How things have changed!We walked in and were not greeted by the staff like before. Instead, there was a sign that said "Counter service only. Please place your order with the cashier." We asked the cashier, "What happened to all the waiters?" She said that they "changed the concept" of this Island Sushi a little over a year ago, hence the addition of the word Express. They have counter service only, but full service at the sushi bar. No waiters, no bartenders, which was kind of sad. We ordered our favorite - fried noodles, got a number, sat down at a table and our food was brought out to us 10 minutes later. Utensils, napkins, condiments and water were all self-serve. Although the food was still delicious, I believe the portions were a bit smaller. Again, pretty sad. I miss the old atmosphere and how it used to remind me of home. If I was ever in the area, I suppose I would stop by for take out. But I wouldn't make a great effort to come here.
3	Staff at this location are very friendly.  Spacious and comfortable dining room.  I frequent one of their other  locations fairly often.  I don't think the food is as good at this location.  The sunny side up egg for my Loco Moco was runny and clear in spots.  The gravy wasn't as good as the other location.  Food was ok and I will give them another shot to see if it was just an off night.
5	Amazing all around experience. I was at first a little put off by the lack of table service, but the guest experience our cashier provided more than made up for it. She earned her tip tenfold. She took the time to welcome us, gauge our interests, and even fully explain the off-menu cut rolls of the day.My fiancee ordered the beef teriyaki plate with white rice and tossed salad. The beef was tender, the salad perfectly dressed and super fresh. I ordered way too much food for one, but I got so excited about the 50% off special I let myself get carried away! I ordered yellowtail sashimi, an Island Roll (soft shell crab mix in an inside out making, topped with spicy tuna, ponzu, and aioli), a deep-fried Philly roll (salmon, cream cheese, avocado, in a making roll with tempura batter, drizzled with eel sauce), and one of the off-menu rolls called Ninth Island (soft shell crab mix, ahi, yellowtail, rolled in cucumber and topped with ponzu and spicy micro greens). It was all heavenly! I am not usually a big big eater but I housed almost every piece. The Philly roll tempura was almost like a light and chewy beer batter, the eel sauce was thinner and not as sweet as I expected it to be- these little variations upped the ante on an old favorite. The Ninth Island was an interesting take on maki, omitting rice and seaweed all together. The yellowtail is always my gauge of a new-to-me sushi joint, and they passed with an A++. So fresh, chilled, perfect texture.I found my new favorite sushi place downtown, y'all!
3	Sushi was decent. Curry for katsu... Brown gravy with a dash of curry. Bland. Mac Salad. How. Do. You. Mess. Up. Mac. Salad. At. A. Hawaiian. Restaurant!!!! That's like a staple besides Spam Brah!! Disappointed.
5	Excellent Service, but know that you order at the counter. Excellent customer service, the Rolls were incredible, We used a 50% discount offered on my smart phone for the Sushi Rolls. Six people enough rolls, drinks, teriyaki plate, noodless and so on. The bill came to less than 90.00 and that included my tip as well. If you want Sushi this is the place to go.....I don't understand other reviewers stating that the rolls were not up to their standards, but it tasted great to all six in our party......Thanks
2	This place feels like it is on its last legs. They don't have wait staff, and the place feels run down. I had a shrimp tempura roll, and the shrimp was cold and soggy. The poke was OK, but the rice was mushy.
4	Amazing sushi! We ordered and had our sushi within 10 minutes or less. The sushi rolls were also 50% off. I highly recommend this place.
5	Great customer service. Amazing sushi that was made to some high standards. It was delicious and I'm always happy to try new things. I tried the deep fried California rolls and they were delicious! Who knew sushi deep fried would taste amazing. I also tried the miso soup which is always a favorite of mine anywhere I go like this. It was different for me in that tofu was added and some green leaves I didn't know. But it was still good. I was glad to try something different! Great atmosphere and seems like the workers love what they do. The chief was quick and efficient even though he was backed up and stressed he didn't show it. Would definitely go there again
5	When you missing homestyle food then this is the place to eat and they also have $2.00 Heinekens
1	Was so loud and the menu so uninteresting (way too many choices) we left after 5 minutes. Have never done that after being seated before. They didn't even notice even though we had to walk back through the whole restaurant to leave. They still hadn't brought us water or asked for drink orders.
