5	Been to Vegas countless times. However, the Jackify.com May Invasion topped them all! What an amazing experience with great people! For the money, this Vegas experience can't be beat.The jackcolton.com website is an absolute must for anyone traveling to Vegas. Especially if you want to enjoy clubs or pool parties. Your Vegas trips will never be the same.
5	If you want to see Las Vages the right way... Join the A.O.D. (Army of Drinkers) A.O.D. is the way to be! Amazing trip! Kyle Redman
5	A bit concerned since this is for jackify.com vs jackcolton.com, but I believe the first event Jack is throwing under his new Jackify label is the Vegas Invasion that he's done for several years now, so I'll review from that standpoint.Past years' Invasions have been May only, although this year he's doing one every month April-September. I did the May Invasion last year, and just got back from the May Invasion for 2013. Both times were awesome. Jackcolton.com and the forums based there that the invasion came out of are dedicated to showing people how to do Vegas nightlife (and daylife) right. Invasion is 5 dayclubs and 5 nightclubs in 5 days, some with an hour or so of open bar, most with a group walk-in past the line. That is worth the cost of the Invasion wristband many times over by itself, but the best part of Invasion is the people you meet. Lots of like-minded souls who love to go out and party. I've stayed in touch with many of the people I met at last year's Invasion, have gone to Vegas to party with them outside of Vegas, and ended up sharing tables with many of them at this year's Invasion.Already looking forward to doing it again in June, and yet again next year in May!
5	I met some of the Jack Colton Forum members in 2012 at XS where they told me about Jackify. When I went back to Vegas this year, I decided to look it up and was pleased to find May Invasion tickets for a very very reasonable price. The site is very helpful, so is the forum. May Invasion was organized. It was easy to purchase, easy to pick up your wristband, easy to find the events and group. At venues like the pool parties, it was nice to have a place to sit/ put your things. The group is nice. They just make everything very easy. You don't have to attend all the events, but its wonderful to have options. Had a lot of fun, and I would definitely purchase the Tickets next year.
5	Absolutely amazing.  10 parties in 5 days.  Had a great time at the May invasion.  Would highly recommend.  Don't bother waiting in lines or paying high covers.  Jackify only works with the top clubs.  AOD rocks.  Met a lot of cool people.
5	"General admission is closed.""Cover will be $80." Let's face it, Vegas can be the time of your life. Or ... it could be the worst blockade of barriers to fun you could ever run into. A careful balance of planning, composure and contingency plans can ensure safe passage into the realm of fun in Vegas. Or ... just let Jack Colton and his crew at Jackify handle business, and party out balls to the wall!I've had the pleasure of attending 2 different invasion tours hosted by Jackify and both have been beyond amazing. All the hard work in setting up a bomb-ass time in Vegas is taken care of - 5 pool parties, 5 clubs for a nominal fee. (Added bonus - a few open bars sprinkled throughout your weekend. Open bar? Vegas? Good luck finding one on your own.) Meeting other members of the invasion has been a blast - I've met awesome people throughout the past 2 tours that I'm glad I got a chance to meet. (read: like-minded party people)Best part of Jackify - the service. This past weekend marked the July 2013 Invasion, and our hostess with the mostest, Tex Harris, absolutely took care of us - kept us up to date with the daily updates via e-mail, and even diffused a few rough spots due to the THUNDERSTORM IN VEGAS. (How in the hell does that even happen.) Big thanks go out to Jack Colton, Tex Harris and the rest of the crew at Jackify for a crazy good weekend. Looking forward to the next one! Vegas. Invaded. (AOD)
5	We just got back from our first and definitely  not our last invasion. Big thanks go out to Tex and his team for making our weekend fantastic. Even when it appeared our bottle service reservation was missing one night, your staff made it happen.  Also love not having to wait in the outrageous lines at the clubs and being able to walk right in. Awesome!!Can't wait till next year!
5	We had so much fun! This is the best bang for your buck! I'm a local in Vegas and I have had much experience trying to find something to do, then paying so much and then still standing in line. This tour, you don't have to think about what to do, it's all planned and you dont have to stand in line! I will def recommend it to all my friends visiting!
5	The best way to experience Vegas is with the jackify experience. I've done two invasion tours both during EDC week and if you know anything about EDC week in Vegas it's a mad house and a 100 dollar minimum to get in anywhere. With the jackify experience we did 5 pool party's and 5 clubs such a great time. Our host was tex and did a beyond great job
5	Great way to experience Vegas at an AMAZING price. $80 for 5 of the best pool parties and night clubs. You can't beat that!!Only thing that would make it better is if the club meet up times were a little later, like 11-11:30pm. I personally felt 10:30pm was too early to enter clubs that don't close until 4am. It also caused rushing for those you go to catch night shows that typically all start around 8pm.But overall, thoroughly enjoyed myself
