4	A good spot for a cappuccino on a Sunday morning. Expect a good crowd and enjoy sitting outside at their wrought iron chairs and tables watching the Strip activity.
5	This is probably the best place in Pittsburgh to get an espresso, cappucino, or latte.  It's a small, no-frills coffee company -- don't come in here asking for a soy non-fat no-whip caramel crappacino or whatever, because you will be laughed out the door.  They roast their own coffee, and you can also buy their coffee (whole bean or ground) and take it home with you to brighten your mornings.  They have a coffee-of-the-month club, which I aspire to join someday.The best time to visit La Prima is a Saturday morning in early fall.  The Strip will be in its full bustle.  Go up to the counter, try to puzzle out the Italian saying on the chalkboard while you wait, order a coffee, and sit outside at one of the iron tables.  The delicious-smelling coffee steam will waft up in the crisp morning air, old Italian men will have just started their mornings of sitting outside, smoking cigars, and making fun of each other over interminable coffees, and all will be right with the world.
5	Best Espresso Hands down. Makes me want to hop on a plane and come home for a weekend just to wake up on a Sunday and hear italian men next to me while I sip my espresso machiatto.
5	What draws me here is the ambiance. It transports me to a grungy neighborhood caffe typically found in Italian small towns and villages. In other words, the place is a charmless room awash in harsh fluorescent lights.  It has a couple of high tables but no seats (well, when the weather is good, they have outdoor seats). The regulars take their espresso standing, half chatting with each other, half watching whatever RAI programming that is showing on the TV.  In addition to the espresso/cappuccino/latte, I recommend the freshly squeezed juice. I don't know why, but theirs just taste better than others. I also like to get a breakfast pastry from the bakery next door.
4	Pretty good espresso coffee. Plenty of chairs outside to enjoy grungy ambience. Not sure is a five star coffee, but pretty yummy.
4	After being served their coffee elsewhere throughout town (like the Coca Cafe) we stopped in for a bag of dark-roasted beans.  Above a certain level of quality, I mostly can't taste subtle differences among various roasters, but this one does seem a little darker, fresher, more fragrant than the other stuff in my kitchen.  Maybe it's an illusion, I don't know.  But I don't much care.  Worth a stop for lovers of dark coffee.
4	It's actually not bad! Scared by the lattes at their CMU site last year, I have been hastened to come to La Prima. Since I am now creating a latte in PGH list, it is somewhat unfair to not come giving them a chance at all.I am actually not disappointed by the cap I got here, nutty and mild. It's a bit too dark roasted for me in that I cannot really taste/smell the characteristics of the beans, but nothing obviously disappointing in general. :)The environment is not that welcoming for staying.
4	Wonderful selection of _Real_ espresso drinks; espressos, machiatos, cappucinos etc. Awesome La Cimbali machine, friendly staff. No frills standing tables to drink your espresso the way it's done in Italy. Highly recommended!!!
3	The coffee isn't bad, but it's not a destination spot, especially with 21st Street Coffee two blocks away.  If it's raining and you're caught at the public market down aways from 21st street, it's worth the cup.
4	Best latte and cappucino's! ... Although the one from last Tuesday was a bit eh. I grab a couple bags of Paulie's Blend every time I'm back in town for my friends in Houston and they always love it.
1	I went down to the strip last week and thought a mocha sounded great. Well I can't write a review on that drink because the employee dropped a dime in my drink. I was expecting her to offer to make me a new one since she was the one the dropped it in there, but instead all I got a was blank stare. The coffee shop down the street had great coffe and they don't drop anything in there as well.
4	I love the Strip District and this little trio on 21st is the best.  I'm fortunate enough to be here in summer when the weather is pretty perfect - not humid, just right.1)  Have a double cappuccino or espresso at La Prima Did I mention the fresh squeezed orange juice?  It's a great combination of the sweet of the juice and the bite of the espresso.  Now great espresso is expected, but what is really fun here is the people watching.  I love the tables of men lingering over their espressos looking very dapper from their gold chains to their loafers.  Slipping between Italian and Pittsburghian.  It's a little slice of Italy in the Strip.2) Get anything at Colangelo's Bakery They have a croissant wrapped egg and tomato sandwich for breakfast.  It is perfect.  The crispy pastry, the egg cooked perfectly and spiced exactly right.  Everything in the case looked great and I hope to be back to try more.3) Wander into Pittsburgh PopcornThis place is fun.  Watch and taste and you'll have to buy.  From sweet to savory they have it.  The Chipotle Cheddar is great.  They usually feature four flavors of the week and if you are lucky, one will be Dill Pickle.  Now that you are fortified, hit the trail at the waterfront and walk to your next meal....
4	One of my good friends introduced me to La  Prima back in the late 90's.  They had storefront on liberty  between what I believe was a movie rental joint and  an indie theater.  Simply amazing terra cotta type ceiling... Having recently visited the strip district location. I can confirm that 10 years later the coffee is still frigging amazing.  I'd describe the house blend as unique, and balanced. Sumatra  bold but not overbearing.  And you'll need to check another review for latte frappa cappuccino.
4	First, purchase a biscotti from Enrico's Biscotti Co. I recommend the Chocolate Almond, but try not to eat it right away.Then, run over to La Prima Espresso Co. and order a cappuccino.Next, grab a seat next to the table of elderly Italian gentlemen (I hear they're there everyday), and watch them play cards as you sip & nom. -- This is the perfect way to start your Strip District feast.After, walk next door to the Pittsburgh Popcorn Co. (Are you seeing a trend yet?)
4	La Prima makes amazing coffee and is usually my first stop when I go shopping in the Strip.  Unfortunately, that means I am usually there on Saturday or Sunday morning when everyone else in Pittsburgh is craving coffee too.  The line is usually to the door and it is hard to find a spot if you want to relax and drink your coffee, but the wait is well worth it!  Their coffee is delicious and if you are not sure what one of the drinks are the staff is very knowledgeable.  La Prima is also adjacent with a little bakery shop that is usually my second stop in the Strip.  I highly recommend visiting both!
4	I really liked this place.  Every time we are headed to the Pittsburgh Popcorn company we would pass this place and the adorable older Italian gentleman enjoying their espresso at the sidewalk tables, but we have never gone in until today. We ordered a mocha cappuccino and a mocha latte and they were both brewed so perfectly, and with the slightest addition of the chocolate we did not need any sweetener in the coffee (a first for me). I am now dreaming of that mocha latte and I know that the next time I go into any coffee shop I will be disappointed when I have to reach for the sugar to aid in taking away the bitterness that just wasn't there in the La Prima drinks!
5	What an amazing find!  I have become so jaded in my travels with generic coffee shops pretending to be Italian because they have Italian roast coffee and a picture of the Colosseum above the register, as if that is all it takes.  No, this place is the real deal, through and through.  I really felt like I was back in Italy the moment I walked in.  Up on the TV there was an Italian football game being broadcast in Italian.  In front of me in line were a group of people discussing the merits of Lambrusco wine from Modena and how its "Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita" certification is reason enough not to confuse it with lesser imports marketed under the same name.  Mind you, this conversation was entirely in Italian.  Meanwhile, behind me there were some old men have an entirely different conversation in Italian.  This was by no means unique to my first visit either.  It really is a slice of Italy here!Authentic ambiance aside, the coffee is rather good too.  My only lament is that their large is not an Americanized large.  They have a pretty nice selection of bags of organic and fair trade beans should you wish to brew some at home.  Espresso?  They are actually one of the wholesalers for espresso machines in the city, and they actually service the machines.  Yeah, they know what they're doing.  You really can't miss at all here.  The best part though is that this is genuinely a place where you want to hang out, relax, and socialize.  It's wonderful!
5	I am one of those people who needs to put things in my coffee. I can't drink it black.  La Prima Espresso Company has actually broken me out of this habit. I went back here several times over a 3 day period during my visit in Pittsburgh. We stumbled across this cute Italian coffee shop on our way to watch the runners at the Pittsburgh Marathon. I needed coffee and I needed it now. This was the first place I saw.  To my amazement, the coffee was probably some of the best I've had. I kid you not.  I did not have to put anything in it (I did add some cinnamon though).  It is fantastic!  Perfectly brewed to perfection.  I even bought a bag of beans of La Prima's own Grow Pittsburgh brand bold flavor that they have made locally. It's delicious!This is a really authentic Italian coffee shop attached to a bakery and a wonderful find right off "The Strip" in Downtown Pittsburgh.
5	I'm rarely blown away by coffee.  I mean, McDonald's and Dunkin Donuts make some reasonably tasty coffee at very affordable prices.  I've never been a fan of Starbucks, too bitter and expensive.  But when I can I will frequent local coffee shops looking for something amazing.  Well La Prima is that something amazing.I first encountered their coffee at Coca Cafe.  I don't usually taste coffee and say, "Wow, that coffee is really good!"  But on the occasion where I first tasted La Prima, that's exactly what I said.  That was months ago and I don't know why it took me so long to make it down to their shop in the Strip.  Perhaps because it is the summer and one of the last things on my mind during this time is hot beverages.  Now every time I brew some of those fresh beans, I feel like I'm treating myself and I enjoy the taste of just the coffee without adding sugar and/or cream. It's a very welcoming place if not a bit overwhelming with all the choices.  But if you're in the Strip and looking for a good cup of coffee, La Prima Espresso Company is highly recommended!
5	The best place for coffee!!! I love everything about this place.. The atmosphere, the neighborhood feel, the baristas, and the patrons (especially the little Italian men sitting outside playing cards drink espressos). A huge favorite place in my book!!!
5	La Prima is an excellent, no nonsense coffee shop.  It gets very crowded on Saturdays, but I always try to stop in for a double espresso.  You're not going to want to bring your computer.
4	Can't go wrong! Great coffee and expresso.  The last time I visited I had an Americano, which was delightful.  I'll definitely be going back more often now that the weather is much colder!
5	Cute little shop and delicious coffee!! They have all the regular stuff with a few specialty drinks. The menu is mixed in with some fancy italian terms.. :) I decided to go with moka which was a really good choice. And without knowing what egg cream (chocolate) is, my friend ordered it out of curiosity. We were told that it was made out of sparkling water (they use san pellegrino I believe as they also sell that as bottled drinks), chocolate syrup and foamed milk. It was served on ice. I have never had the combination of milk and sparkling water and it is surprisingly good! Good option for non-coffee drinkers.The best part? It is 2 doors down from a popcorn store(which is also a local favorite too, expect lines out the door). We ended up sitting outside enjoying coffee and popcorn for the rest of the afternoon.
5	Best espresso I have had outside of Italy.
4	Surprisingly authentic and inexpensive Italian coffee shop in a downtown area. I heard actual Italian spoken here with a news channel from the motherland on the TV. The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and appeared to satisfy everyone who stood inside. My espresso was just as good as those I had in Europe. Hats off to La Prima!
4	I don't have much of a taste for coffee, I'll pretty much down anything that slightly resembles it and I'll be content. I've heard told that this place sold the "best coffee in pittsburgh" I had to test it out for myself. So on a bright day wandering around the strip, we decided to go to La Prima for some morning coffee. I was blown away by how packed it was, the line extended to the front of the store and there was barely any room. People were anxious to get their caffeine fix and I was anxious to try some of their coffee. Once inside you can see that there is a pastry store adjacent to La Prima (not a bad business idea) and while I did not try the pastries, there seemed to be a lot of happy customers pouring out of the store. Finally, the coffee. The coffee was better than average (which must be pretty damn good because I can't taste quality coffee). I gulped down my cappuccino as fast as humanly possible. It was a great start to a great day at the Strip. I would recommend taking your coffee lover friend here, they will surely appreciate the quality. Note: While they do sell the coffee at La Gourmadine, it does taste better freshly brewed here.
5	As close as you will get to an authentic Italian cafe in Pittsburgh (or most anywhere in the U.S.).  This is one of my favorite spots in the city.  The coffee is superb, the baristas are friendly and skilled.  Sam, the owner, is almost always around to greet regulars and newcomers alike.  A dopio (double) cappuccino with a slice of pizza from Colangelo's next door is a perfect way to spend a Saturday morning.  What completes this place is the atmosphere.  On any given Saturday morning the space is packed, spilling over to the outdoor seating.  On a shelf above the coffee machines in the upper left corner has a television permanently tuned to REI, the Italian television station.  There's usually a futbol game or some Italian news broadcast playing.  Without fail there will be these elderly Italian gentlemen playing a traditional card game in the corner.  For a great cup of coffee made however you like and the atmosphere of an authentic Italian cafe, go to La Prima Espresso.
5	Why go to Italy when La Prima is so much closer. Truth be told this is as close to the italian experience as you will ever get . Is it the best coffee in Pittsburgh? No, but its top 5 and definitely the closest to a true italian feel. Standing room only so don't expect to loiter like you do at Green Tree. You know who you are coffee squatters. Maybe that is what makes this place unique. Its a laptop free coffee environment. Novel Idea!
5	Easily the best espresso I have had in town. Previous reviewers are correct - if you are used to the idea of a coffee shop that the local and national chains have given us, there really isn't room for that there. However, the coffee is second to none and for those of you that like to make your coffee at home, they do sell a wide selection of their beans at a reasonable price compared to other coffee shops.
2	I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation,  even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and  at this level they should never screw it up. I had a better cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!
5	Before heading out for a long drive, I stopped in here with a friend.  Excellent choice, past selves, we did well.I had a simple espresso and it was wonderful - both hot and when it cooled off as I was driving.  My friend also enjoyed his drink, though I can't remember what it was.It's a simple, but character-filled storefront.  The two employees were kind, great, knowledgeable, and really nice.  I'd come back here in a heartbeat.Definitely stop in when you get the chance.  Grab a coffee and run.  Run with your newfound energy!
5	Pastries and coffee you can't go wrong. You'll need to get here early if craving an almond croissant.. they tend to sell out by noon. Their other pastries are delicious as well. Try the mele as well. You can wash it all down with an expresso or what I like is an expresso macchiato!
5	Feels like Italy as soon as you walk in. The espresso, people speaking Italian, gentlemen playing cards. I love this place. Plan on time for a couple cups so you can enjoy, slow down and soak it all in! Be sure add a sfogiatelle or almond croissant from the bakery next door.
5	La Prima is as authentic as you can get. If you are there on a weekend, there is usually a group of elderly Italian men playing Briscola. That basically indicates that it's Italy right there. I also want to point out that their espresso machine is a beautiful machine and I wish I had it in my apartment. You cannot go wrong with their coffee. One person takes care of you the whole time. They hand grind each order which maximizes freshness of the grounds. I ordered an iced coffee and it was funny that they put the iced coffee in hot coffee cups. There was a self counter that I pour cream and simple syrup to my hearts content. I do not know what type of beans they use but the resulting flavor is smooth, not acidic but still robust enough for those who need a caffeine jolt. La Prima has become my go-to place for coffee at the Strip.
5	I have fond memories of this place.  I was truly introduced to Italian Expresso and dry Italian snack pastries etc. Coming from small town Ohio and moved to the big city of Pittsburgh in the mid 90's I did not understand but got to know their product line.  My best friend at the time worked for LPE for about 7-8 years and traveled around to all of their Pittsburgh branches.  I have been to them all.  Hard working family owned  I have a fondness in my heart for this coffee.  Ground right when you order. I remember the friends and the family sitting out front until close on a Saturday afternoon parlare italiano in front of the store.  K sitting out front with her table of illustrated greeting cards. It was always packed on Saturday. I will probably add an addendum as I remember more.
1	Out of 200 reviews, I've written only 14 1 star reviews.  that's .07%.  That means I never really write 1 star reviews.  La Prima Espresso in the Strip District gets one.  :(They've got a good coffee but I will never be back, bc the older woman who is the barista in the morning was unforgivably rude, without reason.The coffee is good, I would have liked to become a regular, but I dont want to start every morning dealing with her nasty attitude.  Yesterday she rolled her eyes at me when I asked for lots of room for cream.I am a former barista.  I *know* asking for room for cream is not one of the more difficult special requests she gets!  If you hate the public, you shouldn't work with them.This morning takes the cake, and I just won't be back.  Here's what happened:  I walked in, and she was talking to a gentleman who was obviously a regular.  Because she was busy and bc I've barista'd myself, I waited patiently.And waited and waited.  It was a few minutes, but an eternity when you really need coffee!She never even looked at me.  Then all of a sudden she goes, "Okay lady are you going to stand there or do you want coffee?"  WTF.  I liked her sense of urgency, but seriously?  Rude.I asked for a medium coffee in a large cup, or if that's not possible, a medium coffee with lots of room. Not hearing me, she goes, "What was that?" and the older gentleman said, "She wants a medium sized coffee in a large cup."  And the woman turns to me and snaps, "And you couldn't repeat that yourself?"Even the guy she was talking to, her regular, was like, "Whoa."  He tried to make some excuse for her, like, "She's just fired up today!"  Then the woman slams my coffee down on the counter.  Was she having a bad day?  Am I the doppleganger of someone she hates?  I dont know, I don't care.  I believe she may be the owner because surely she should have been fired by now, as there are other posts with complaints about her. "Do not go here during the week if you expect them to open on time. I was there today and it was 615am and there was no employees at all. Managed very poorly. The older lady with a short hair cut is the one who doesn't open on time when she is scheduled. Please move this lady to a different time. 6am is too early for her." I won't ever be back.  If that's just her spunky personality, well, her personality sucks.  Seriously lady, you're not a morning person.  You should ask for later shifts.
5	I've been going here for years. As an Italian I can say this place is authentic. The espresso is made right with a great machine. They even air Italian television. Be warned they do not have a public restroom. Located in the strip district it's the place to be seen by every Italian in Pittsburgh. Lots of Italians gather on Saturday morning for coffee and some even play cards together. I love how they serve espresso is a real ceramic cup no paper cups. Don't expect Starbucks. It's better and the real thing.
5	My favorite place for coffee in the Strip! Amazing pastries and pizza sold next door as well!
5	The best espresso in Pittsburgh, hands down. The kindest people frequent and their employees are just as enjoyable as their coffee.
