5	Peter is amazing!  This review is long overdue.  (Forgive me I am new to Yelp) Peter goes above and beyond to ensure your appliance is up and running.  Peter is also very patient with all the questions I had and didn't rush me.  I hope Peter never moves from Maricopa, because he is knowledgable, honest and reasonable prices.  Not to mention he actually shows up!  (I called 2 other companies to check on my dryer). Do yourself a favor and program this number on your speed dial.
5	I would recommed these guys to anyone! Small, local, super friendly, and fixed my fridge for less than half of what I was quoted by another company. They showed up fast on the same day as my call and gave me a lot of useful tips on my fridge.
5	Always helpful. Fair, honest and dependable. One of Maricopa's finest businesses.
1	My experience with this company has been a nightmare from the word go. They sent a repairman out to repair the fridge that was in the property we are renting. The repairman decided that it was going to cost about $500 to repair, and the property manager that handles our rental told them they could send out a used one to replace rather than repair.  By lunch the next day we had heard nothing from anyone as to when we would have the replacement fridge and I was told I was confrontational when I called them to find out what was being done. The fact that they did not contact me to keep me updated was not reason enough for me to be angry with the poor service.That was all bad enough, but then they delivered a fridge that was all dented and had been spray can painted to try to cover some of the damage. The price they were charging for it was outrageous considering its condition, and the fact that a brand new one that would have fit properly could have been purchased at a big box store for just 30 more than the price they expected to get for the used one. The fridge was too tall for the space, and instead of trying to find another fridge, they left it and said they were going to send out a carpenter to cut the cabinet to fit the fridge. This was not authorized by the landlord, but rather just the property manager. The fridge was left out in the walkway between our counter and island, where it still remains. They were not authorized to cut the cupboard and it was requested that the original fridge be returned. They have told the property manager that it cannot be done before Friday. The claim is that due to where we live that is the soonest they could get it out here. I will NEVER use them in the future, and I have already begun telling friends and family of the extremely poor service, bad attitude, and outrageous prices they wanted to charge.
5	I have used them at a couple location and recommended them to friend who were also please also. Not only did they repair what they were there for, but, he has suggested improvements for other appliances. Peter has even set up for one of my machine to be repaired free by another  company who could repair as a factory job, losing himself the repair but, gaining a loyal customer.Good small business.
