4	I'm embarrassed to say that the reason we tried Port of Subs is that the Panda Express next door was full (at 1pm)! I tried the cheesesteak, and my buddy had a hot pastrami with swiss. They cooked them up well ~ not faux cooking like at Subway. The result was a very decent cheesesteak. I was a bit bummed because they didn't have any tomato sauce or ketchup to go on top. I'm originally from Jersey, and I don't know why, but I like ketchup on my cheesesteaks. It was OK though ~ since the rest was so good.My buddy liked his pastrami on swiss, commenting that he doesn't like rye bread, so he liked the fact that he could get his pastrami on a plain old white roll.Oh, also, they had one of those new digital Gold Peak iced tea machines and served Coke Zero. Bonus points for good beverage choices!So far, so good. I'll try it again sometime and see if my review gets better or worse!
4	This place is pretty good. My favorite chain sandwich shop, for what it's worth. They offer sourdough, which I guess is too exotic for Subway and Quiznos. I also like the service here. The sandwich makers here are fairly friendly and though I'm sure you can only make so many subs before becoming overly jaded, they don't seem to show it at all.It's a little pricy too, but it's good stuff.
4	Best. subs. ever. Didn't receive 5 stars because their hours are terrible! Only open until 8 and 6:30 whenever school isn't in session is ridiculous. There are more than just students living in Tempe!
4	A great choice when you are tired of subway.  They slice the meat and cheese to order and the result is a really fresh sandwich.  Really like that they offer a 5" size, it is perfect for lunch. Also, the mayo/mustard mix is really tasty.
3	I LOVE Port of Subs.   I could eat here and never get sick of the food or the menu items. But, the service here on Sunday left me upset, sad and slightly irritated and annoyed! I've never been to this specific location, but on Sunday I wanted to take some friends on the light rail and then go here for lunch while the weather was still comfortable and nice.I know this place is near campus, and they probably get a lot of student riff raff, but I was a bit annoyed with the service that I recieved here.  Actually, I'm still bothered almost a day later.  I will attribute it to the fact that its students that were working here behind the counter.Anyways, for starters, I called here before hand to ask a few location questions.  These girls had NO idea where they were located.  Really, they didn't.  They couldn't tell me not only where they were close to, but had NO idea how far from the light rail they were.  I knew where she was better then she did!  I told her which one of the two stops would be closer for me to deboard at, and she had no clue.  I had to get out my light rail map at home to figure out where they were.  She was totally useless!  I only knew where to go because she told me she was near smashburger...and I figured out where to go from there.So friends and I take the light rail down to the College/Veterans Way exit.  We walk to the port of subs and I realize that I have to go to the bathroom.  I was mentioning it to my friends as we walked into the store, and out of no where, some girl at a table boasts out "WE DON'T HAVE PUBLIC BATHROOMS IF YOU NEED TO GO YOU NEED TO GO TO THE BATHROOM AT SUBWAY BUT YOU HAVE TO BUY SOMETHING."  Um, I wasn't only NOT talking to her, but the fact that she took it upon herself to YELL it at me as I'm setting foot in the store is a whole different story.  I was SO annoyed!I mentioned to the service girl who was on break eating a sub that I wasn't addressing her about my bathroom concerns she responded with "Well, I couldn't help but hear you when you came in."  REALLY?!?!?!   STFU please!  Your probably the same girl who answered the phone and doesn't know where your located at!Ugh, the food was good, but the two idiot ding dongs behind the counter need retraining and need to learn to not be beotches!!!
4	I am a fan of big and tasty sandwiches but have had very few really good ones as of late. That is until I tried this place. I was in the area and decided to give the them a try after spotting their sign. When I first walked in I noticed the place was empty (normally a bad sign) but it was a Thursday afternoon so no big. This was my first time eating here so I took a few minutes to see what they had to offer. The sandwiches here come in different sizes from a small 5 inch to a 2 foot extra long, which makes it easy to decide what to order depending how hungry you are.The 8 inch sub is easily enough for one really hungry person or two not so hungry people. Seriously it is about the size of a subway foot long and taste way better to! You have three choices when it comes to bread. They are white, wheat, and sourdough. I chose sourdough for my sandwich and it was chewy and seemed to be really fresh. Like most sub shops they also have a selection of pre selected combos (18 to be exact) with toppings like Ham, Turkey, Pastrami, Salami, Capicolla, Roast Beef, and Tuna. The cheese selection includes Provolone, Swiss, Smokey Cheddar & AmericanWhat makes this place so different from most sandwich joints is the fact that they hand slice your meat when you order it. No more slimy meat that has been sitting in a case for hours and floating in weird juices Yuck! Finally a place that understands that it is OK to take the time to slice meat for each customer because it makes for a better tasting sandwich. One that a customer will want to come back for over and over againFor me this place set the bar so high most of the other chain places will never be able to compare with the quality of not only the food but the great customer service that I received from this place. It is not often that a place is able to make such a great impression on me (read my other reviews) but I will definitely make sure to give them my business the next time I am in the mood for a sandwich. The only thing that brought their score down was the fact that they had no customer parking and I had to pay to park in the garage. Yes I understand it is Tempe but why not at least offer to validate my parking LOL.
2	I was recommended Port of Subs by my coworkers, but I was pretty disappointed upon trying it. Maybe it was just that day, but my bread was horribly dry, there was a very thin amount of meat on my sandwich, and to be frank, no one was friendly. I've made better sandwiches at home... by myself... and the company was better, too.
4	I love this place. Their cheddar is so perfect.
3	Good for the price. One of the people I ate here with said he didn't get much meat on his sub, but I personally felt mine was just fine, so I presume this varies from person to person or by order. I thought my sandwich was pretty delicious all things considering, could certainly be better, could certainly be worse. If you want something different for lunch or dinner, i recommend trying this place at least once.
5	This is one of my favorite sandwich shops. The bread is always fresh, the meats and cheeses delicious. When you walk in, the staff greets you and is very attentive to your order. If you get a stamp card after 10 sandwiches you get a freebie.. Also it doesn't hurt that it's right across street from ASU and offers great sights.
5	Great place to go to grab a nice and hearty lunch. The workers are usually really friendly and are eager to get the line moving. The bread is almost always delicious and they have a great selection of meats. I haven't tried any of the grilled stuff there, but they look good. The soda machine is also well worth the cost of a drink. The Coke Zero is always good and tastes delicious. The Coke is good too. It can get really busy on Tuesdays and Thursdays around lunch, that's the busiest time on campus which is about...40 feet from their front door, so be warned!
4	Love port of subs. Great subs, that are always fresh! Good location right on the edge of campus at Arizona State.
4	I had never been to Port of Subs before but it's really good. They serve big sandwiches with fresh and good quality ingredients. Their subs are a bit pricey though, so I wait until they have deals on their subs for a small discount. It's a nice convenient location
