1	I ordered through eat24.com at around midnight.  The website stated that I could expect my food in 45-60 minutes.  When it did not arrive in 70 minutes, I called to check the status of my order.  Without even asking what my order number was, the woman on the other end of the phone told me that all of her drivers were out with food, and that I should have my food "momentarily".  30 minutes later, I got a call from the delivery driver, who was lost and talking on the phone while driving.  He dropped his phone twice, explaining he had passed by a highway patrolman.  Unable to get him to take simple directions to my apartment, I ended up meeting him at a nearby gas station to pick-up my food.  When I got home with my food, the fries were tough and crunchy, but aside form being overpriced, the rest of the food was not bad.  Customer service is seriously lacking!!!
2	Ordered lunch for the 2nd time.  The first time it was okay - good enough to go back but what a disappointment today.  Greek salad loaded with cheap Feta cheese that was very hard and way over-used.  The lettuce was all Iceburg and mostly the hard white stalks rather than leaves.  Very little flavor to the dressing, could see no oregano and the garlic bread was greasy.  Co-worker was uninspired by the chicken fingers with soggy fries.  They included a free cheese pizza but it was greasy and also uninspired.  The sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce.   We won't be ordering again.
1	Worst delivery I have ever had in my life. Driver was two hours late, didn't understand how to open the gate even though I order food weekly and nobody else has ever had a problem pressing a button. The food itself was horrible. The mozzarella sticks didn't have cheese in them as it had been overcooked which made the cheese leak out the sides and become hard, burnt crust so basically just empty shells of fried crap. Pizza was ice cold and tasted like a frozen pizza. NEVER order from these people. What a waste of money. They should give refunds for such unbelievably BAD service.  unreal.
5	Love Cafe Verdi! Very convenient and close to Anthem. The staff is attentive and friendly. They are very flexible with menu items and are willing to customize orders.
