1	I've had nothing but bad experiences here. I only come here because they take both my insurance [more than 3 years with him] but I finally moved to someone else now!1) Evey time I go in I have to go back because the prescription is wrong2) When I got my glasses back they cut the lenses too small so they kept falling out. I had to return again3) They said they would give me 20% discount but claimed that my 20% from my insurance [vsp] was the discount. It should have been an additional 20%. If you're going to give me a discount give it! don't try to cheat me!4) After 2 years they threw away my paperwork and my record. I had to fill it out all over again5) They sold me sunglasses that were bent and crooked and claimed that they could straighten it but never did! NO REFUNDS!6) He gave a prescription too strong for my boyfriend that another Dr. discoveredOne plus is that they have a wide selection of glasses and sunglasses. However they are all designer brands which can be very expensive for those on a budget. They also take walk-ins and open on Saturday
5	We've been going to Dr. Diep for 4 years now. The reasons we became patients is because he was close to the house, took our insurance and was open on Saturdays,Dr. Diep and his staff are top notch and I appreciate the no frills eye doctor appointment. I've been to one eye doctor that had 5 waiting rooms and kept pressuring me to buy the most expensive contacts they offered.That's not the case at Dr. Diep's.
5	Staff service was A++I was able to get the new pads for my glasses quickly and they were better than the ones I was replacing. Not exactly a game changer in optometry, however I have the confidence in the shop and the staff now that gives me a very good feeling about next time I need glasses.I did ask a bunch of questions about frames, exams, prices etc... and wow I got straight answers, no pressure to jump in the chair for an exam. I guess this is why I was so impressed. Never have I walked into an eye shop and not felt a sudden pressure to give them my business without leaving the store. Unless I was just ignored. Dr. Diep's office is just right. They have enough confidence that I am going to come back when I'm ready. That makes a difference to me.So far I couldn't be more happy to have found Dr. Diep's office.
1	First I must say that Dr Diep is good at what he does however the new doctor that he hired sucks.. THe last 2 years I have seen Dr Nikki and for the past 2 years she has not been able to get my contact prescription correct.  It don't mind going back to get my contacts corrected, however, Dr NIkki has consistently blamed the "dry" weather or allergies for the contacts not fitting comfortably..  For the last 2 years she has given me eye drops to go home with in which I am to use for a week and than continue use of my contacts.  I also got charged 80 dollars for a follow up for her to tell me that.. I thought when a doctor writes a prescription and it is not fitting correctly on a patient they are suppose to provide free follow ups until the contacts are right!!   This year I am in phoenix and i have seen a new doctor, not only are the prices for glasses/contact lenses much cheaper, but the doctor doesn't blame their patients for what they initially couldn't get right. I"m paying 1/2 for contacts and glasses than what I paid at Dr Dieps and I get MUCH BETTER SERVICE!
5	I highly recommend Dr. Long Kevin Diep! I had to see Dr. Diep for a second opinion. A different optometrist gave me such a strong prescription that I got headaches, was told I needed reading glasses, & that I had astigmatism. After seeing Dr. Diep, I got a comfortable prescription strength and that I didn't need reading glasses (I'm only 22), nor do I have astigmatism. I had a hunch that the previous optometrist was just after my money and I was right. Bottom line: You can trust Dr. Diep. His staff is wonderful & friendly. They get you in & out of their asap. They also give free contact solution samples that come with contact lens holder. Even without insurance, contacts exam is just $95. If your looking for a variety of name brand sun/eyeglasses they have it.
5	My whole family have been loyal to Dr. Diep for over 16 years!!  He speaks three languages - English, Vietnamese and Chinese... So it's nice to have someone speak your native language and actually understand what the doctor saying to you without words being lost in translation.  They take most insurances (that I know of) and actually will help you out with deals if you don't have any and want to pay cash.  Dr. Diep now has three location all on Spring Mountain road, so it's not just convenient but there will be more glasses to pick try on :P The staff are helpful and friendly - also bilingual :) there are many Spanish speaking workers too! The stores have selections from generic to name brand glasses.  The glasses even come with a year warranty.  As for contacts, they will order whatever brand your doctor and you prefer.  He'll even have free trials for you to see what works better with your eyes :). Not only that, he'll also give you a travel size contact solution too !! It's just nice to go to a doctor that has been in business for years and is successful ... Yet is still as humble as he is :)
