5	I love, love, LOVE this little shop. I stumbled upon it randomly and peered in the window which intrigued me enough to go in.The shop is full of quirky, interesting knick knacks. Things that would make great, interesting gifts or a treat for yourself. They had some really lovely, moderately priced jewelery which I had to buy for myself. It would have been wrong not to! I loved the kitchen goods which included plates with pictures of food on it, for example a fry up, jelly beans or tomatoes. There is lots of really lovely items for your home that are quite unique, I was tempted by the retro soup bowls. I mentally went round this shop noting which items I would give to which person on their next birthday. I'm going to make a conscious effort to the return to this shop for my Christmas shopping. It is so much more exciting than the rather stale High Street shops.
4	Halibut and Herring is yet another one of Bruntsfield's finest quirky gift stores.There are a number of treasures to be found in here. There are so many categories I can barely count them but yet everything seems to coordinate well with the other items.I wouldn't call the gifts bizarre here - they have a wholesome and cutesy element to them. But that's not a bad thing by any means. Like Amy, I appreciate their retro plates and bowls which make great additions to the kitchen.It's the kind of shop you can find gifts to cater to all tastes, but the most likely story is you'll emerge with something for yourself. Rather enjoyable and offering trinkets a little off the kilter of the high street, it's an enjoyable browse where you'll always end up buying something!
5	Halibut and Herring... what an awesome name and it makes me chuckle every time I say it. This quirky little gift shop is just so much fun and the vibrant exterior with a fun font displaying the shop name makes it very inviting. This shop is just as gorgeous inside as it is from outside with the stock beautifully organised with colourful shelves and cool lighting.They stock an extensive range of gifts but to be honest, I'd want to keep the knick knacks for myself rather than give them away as they're so cute!They have bath and body items, jewellery, bags, purses and various other quirky trinkets ensuring that there's something for every girls tastes.
4	I like my halibut smoked, and my herring pickled, so approached this store, lips-a-smacking and fully expecting to get my mitts on a few tasty, freshly slain fruits of the sea.I was left disappointed however, to find not a single kipper, trout or sardine, but YET ANOTHER quirky gift store peddling jewellery, candles, and homeware displaying semi-ironic or retrospective messages.It's probably quite a good example of this type of store, of which there are an approximately infinite number in Edinburgh, but I felt a little bitter at being led up the garden path by the frankly misleading name.
4	What a wee treasure trove of treats Halibut & Herring is. I popped in here after coffee and cake with a good friend for a browse. It really is one of those stores that is perfect for browsing, and has lots of things that you would love to *have* but don't *need*. Also, I don't want to stereotype or generalise too much, but probably easily a store for ladies rather than gents.They sell a lovely range of...em, things? From the Jellycat toys that had me and my friend going "awwhhh CUTE" for the first 2 minutes after we entered, to printed scarves, cute kitchenware, jewellery, door mats, mirrors, vases, more Jellycats, more scarves, purses, keyrings, mugs. Like I said, lots of things.I also love how colourful it is inside. Bright blue walls, and an Aladin's Cave of sparkly, shiny colourful things that you would know would immediately improve your living room / kitchen / bedroom but don't necessarily need. A shop to visit on payday perhaps!
4	For quirky one off gifts, this is a pretty good option. Admittedly I don't hang out in such shops if I can help it and leave the browsing and purchasing to my wife (who is in her element in said shops) but on this rare occasion I accompanied her to Halibut & Herring in the hope if finding something for a friends 40th and was pleasantly surprised.We ended up selecting a designer type hand painted tea pot that would not have looked out of place on Gaudi's kitchen table and during the visit were served and assisted attentively by the very friendly lady running the shop.For a houseware / gift shopping phobic, I almost enjoyed the experience...and that's saying something!!!!
4	Wonderful fizzy bath bombs shaped like fish!  How could you go wrong . Fish equals water equals bath time fun!
