5	Frugal fashionistas take note: the Clothes Mentor, a used clothing store, has recently set up shop in Charlotte in the King's Court shopping center on Kings Drive. Since the resale market is competitive with many consignment, vintage, thrift, and resale shops the Clothes Mentor chain has carved their niche by only taking fashionable and covetable clothes that are mostly a year to two years old and in great condition and in turn sell them at affordable prices. For that reason, they won't buy vintage nor 5-years-old clothes that passed their trendy expiration date. Therefore, if you have a bunch of recent designer pieces from Coach, Dooney & Burke, Tory Burch, Kate Spade, Lilly Pulitzer, Marchesa, Prada, or Yves Saint Laurent (and the like) sitting in your closet that you want to sell for a quick buck then this is your place. The store is very well organized and merchandise can be easily found and look through. Some of the hits to be found were the D&G jeans for 30-something dollars, the Coach monogram loafers for $25.00, and the BCBG cocktail dress.While I was browsing their racks with a friend, we noticed a string of women who came to sell some of their clothes and the salesperson each time used a guide to identify the age of the clothes by the labels and tags. Then, they thoroughly inspected the clothes and rejected most of them. They can be picky.Don't take offense if they don't take your clothes, and don't expect to get much money per item if they take it as they sell them at low prices. What distinguishes them their competition is that if they like your wares, they will pay you for your clothes and accessories right then and there; no more worrying about when you are going to get paid like in a consignment store.The store had a soft opening in May, where they have been open to buying clothes from local Charlotteans. This is how they mostly stock their shelves. The grand opening will be sometime in July when they feel they have their store fully stocked.  From the looks of their sales floor this store is going to make many budget-conscious Charlotteans happy.
5	This place is amazing!! They have an excellent selection of gently worn clothes, shoes, purses and jewerly. Before they opened I brought items for them to buy... they look over EVERYTHING to make sure its in good condition, they also paid way better than any other place Ive sold to before. They carry a wide range of sizes up to 3x and including petits. Everything is sized and color coded, including shoes and jewlery which makes shopping a breeze. There was a huge selection of name brand designer items to choose from and the prices were excellent.
5	Higher End Ladies Fashions gently or barely broken in, by a stranger for all you know!    My Girlfriend found a cool pair of Pink Stilettos that still had part of the sticker on the Bottom, barely worn or not worn at all!  I bought her a Purse for Christmas!We were looking for some Ugly Christmas Sweaters for Neal and Bob's Holiday Gathering - The Girl helping us here referred us the the Sleepy Poet Antique Mall!
3	Not as fashionable as I had thought it would be.
4	AMAZING DEALS!!!  Almost don't want to tell anyone about this place cause I want to keep it all to myself.  Did I say amazing deals already....well there is no better discription.  This store is well stocked with great items at great prices.  There is certainly no shortage of items to choose from in all sizes.  They have everything from dresses, dress pants, jeans, sweaters, jackets, blazers, workout wear, shoes, accessories, and maternity clothes.  Really something for everyone.  They are very selective when buying clothes which I think makes the difference here.  They will only buy clean like new items that are from the past year (you almost can't tell you are shopping consignment).  It is a little different from the botique consigment shops that are around town in that it is focused on the clothes not the atmosphere.  During the month of January they had a 50% off sale which then went to 75% off the last few days included all clearance items being $3 then $2 then $1 they donated all remaining clothes to clear out for new items.  This allows the store to keep current with their offerings and always have new items to look through.  Not to mention the deals that I got shopping during the clearance sale.  Purchased most items between $3-$8 each.  This store is a must see for all you ladies who love to shop but are on a budget.  I will go back again and again (and I already have:)
4	I went in here just expecting to walk around and see what it was like... An hour and a half later?  A snazzy new DKNY coat, a vibrant green YL dress for the summer and sizzling hot Forever 21 sweater... How much?  $55.  Total.  Are you serious?!For the love of all that is awesome, I swear I wanted to go back today, but I had to talk myself out of it... It's comparable to a Plato's Closet, but I think I may like it more... That could just be because it's so much closer to me than Plato's, though... It's a haul to get all the way over to the UNCC part of town and this one is centrally located in the middle of our fair city... If you see a yellow sticker on the back of your price tag, you just lucked up and found a 50% off item...  Just buy it... Seriously... The gently used items in this store are so frickin chic that you are highly mistaken if you think you're going to come back and find it later... The staff were super helpful and the store itself is very well organized which makes it a breeze to find what you're looking for... I would suggest just taking some time and going all up in there... That's what I'm doing on my next shopping day... It is on.
5	Friendly staff, great selection of clothing; going through the racks everything looks new. Better than any consignment shop I've seen and much larger selection than most, as well as better prices. Love this store!
3	I found Clothes Mentor to be a high end Platos Closet. I didn't walk out with any purchases, but I did try on a lot of different things. There is a lot to choose from and I think they do a great job sorting the store so sizes and colors are easy to find, which I really appreciated. The staff was pretty nice, but very busy going through things other people had bought to sell.
4	Yep....totally a fan!I walked in and was really impressed with the selection, prices and staff.Let's start with the staff, they were all very pleasant! They welcomed me in explained the process and even started a fitting room for me while I was pulling my clothes to try. The selection was crazy! They have blazers, dresses, shirts, shoes, skirts, shorts and accessories. This is definitely higher end merchandise like previous reviews have mentioned but in my opinion the prices are great. One piece of advice: make sure you have some extra time! You will need it if you are going to shop here! Oh and bonus...They have a loyalty card where you get a stamp for every $10 you spend AND they have a referral card where you get 20% off when you bring a friend.Seriously need to give this place a try... you will not be disappointed.
4	Clothes Mentor is a vintage store, which means you get recycled clothes for a bargain.  It's a conveniently located shop on Kings Drive next to Great Harvest Bread Company, and is like a Plato's Closet or Buffalo Exchange but they make sure they stay on trend by only accepting clothes or accessories that are less than 2 years old (they check the labels).  So I am split on how to rate them. They are great for selling clothes , as long as you adhere to the 2 year rule and they pay reasonable prices for clothes and shoes (I sold a pair of shoes for $8 which I thought was good). They validate pricing for national brands through their database and Ebay and then pay 40% of that price to you.  Unfortunately, that meant I only got $17 for an expensive Coach purse, but better that than nothing sitting in my closet... They offer their own cute accessories, so their pay for jewelry is not too generous.  They have a couple "rounders" in the front that are specialty (such as designer jeans from Seven for all Mankind and the like), but the majority of the store is similar to TJMaxx where it's sorted by type and size for easy browsing. I didn't find too much that I liked, but I also don't really like browsing that way so my patience is probably not great.  It would definitely be a great place for maternity clothes.Tip: Watch their Facebook page for killer deals on hot items.Bottom line: 5 stars for selling to Clothes Mentor, 3 stars for buying from Clothes Mentor.
4	Holy selection! If you are looking for racks and racks of clothes, you found it here. Honestly, I'm not really a digger so I tend to venture here whenever a friend wants to go. However if you are looking for lots of designer attire at quite the discount, this would be the place. Keep your eyes open for one of the many sales they have throughout the year. First time I stopped by the store, they had several racks sectioned off, all with price tags of $1, $2 or $3. And this past time I swung by last week, they have several racks also priced at $3 - they tend to do this when a new season is about to hit and are looking to make room to bring out new clothes. And they have a good mix of whatever you are looking for - dresses, tanks, workout clothes, maternity wear, business outfits and more. All reasonably priced. Only thing I tend to peer at but venture away from are the shoes. They are decently priced but many pairs I've seen, I can snag something similar and brand new at the same price elsewhere. And so far, good customer service all the way!
3	The first time I walked in, I was impressed. I found designer clothes in good condition. When I returned a few months later, I was disappointed. There was hardly any designer labels and all that was available was from low end stores.Despite this, one can always find a nice handbag or pair of shoes at a good price. You may have to look there consistently to find high quality apparel. Overall, I think it's a great place to shop if you're losing weight and need a few items to wear til you hit your goal weight.
3	I went here expecting to find more designer labels; however I was disappointed to find very few.  I was impressed with the selection of handbags and other accessories.  The store is very well organized and neatly stocked.  The staff was friendly and extremely helpful.I will try this place again, because like any store of this kind, your finds are hit or miss!
4	I've gone to both Clothes Mentor and am a big fan both as a customer and as a seller.  They have a great selection for very reasonable prices.  The shoes I am wearing today, I got for a whopping $4!  I always try to go for their end of season sales when everything goes for 70% off their already amazing prices!  I've even highlighted Clothes Mentor on my personal blog of different dresses I bought during this sale for less than $5 each! (http://theeffinglife.com/2014/01/10/friday-5-dresses-for-less-than-5-each/)On the selling side, it's a lot tougher.  They're more strict than other competitors like Buffalo Exchange and Uptown Cheapskate.  They only take better brands with items that are less than two years old, which if you think about, are the items that you are more likely wanting to keep in your closet anyway.  The buyback you get is almost nothing too, but I guess it's better than throwing the clothes away and getting nothing for them if you were already trying to get rid of them.If you're looking to update your wardrobe on a dime, this is the perfect place to go in Charlotte for women!
5	5 stars because I bought a Calypso St. Barth floor length 100% cashmere duster here for $18. Unbelievable!
5	Can't say enough about this place. Outstanding deals on fairly new clothes, some with decent labels. Clean, doesn't smell funny and tons of inventory. Kind of a chore to go through because they sort by color, size and type. I did get a beautiful new with tags Brooks Brothers coat for 50 bucks, can't go wrong. I will be back for sure. Oh and as a little tip, check the shoes for high end labels. They had a pair of Farragamos for 20 bucks in the non-designer area.
