5	full throttle..! not for the faint of heart.. fully nude.. these guys put on a hellof a show.. i have never seen anything like it.. i am now a believer..! yes they are allBLACK the d.j keeps the energy flowing.. these men are SEXXXXXY..!
2	9 beautiful women from the Bay Area come in to Lacy's Lounge at 3am ready to keep the party going for a big birthday weekend! It's Urban Night and supposed to be all female exotic dancers/strippers! In addition to wanting to learn some moves to take home to our significant others, we wanted to turn up, make it rain, and have a good time! This soooo didnt happen the way we imagined. FIrst off, there were no men in the parking lot vying to get in (which is an indication in the Bay Area that it's worth going inside). So, not really tripping, we enter the building and although very drab we pay admission anyway which was $20. So we walk down the long hallway and become quickly disappointed. The patrons looked like perves. None of them were making it rain on the girls and the bar tender didnt even acknowledge us or ask if we wanted anything to drink. The crowd was "meh" and the strippers looked like they could use some makeovers and home cooked meals. Having been to strip clubs down South, this place could stand to take a few notes and get it right! Maybe it was just a bad night! IDK! We tried to get our money back after one of the strippers fell from the pole, but the manager could care less about trying to do whatever it takes to keep our business (offer us a table, a bottle, anything). But as we say in the Bay, "we chalked it up to the game"! $20 dollars is nothing and most of the girls look like they could really use the money! I hope they got paid that night!
4	Went to Lacy's for my birthday weekend 10/2010. Made reservations. The shuttle/party bus driver Derrick ( I believe that was his name) picked us up. Free shuttle ride to and from the club. He was very flexible with scheduling our pick up as the pick up location/time changed several times as we had 9 ladies in my group. The music on the bus was poppin (hip-hop). The club is VERY far from the strip. Don't recommend driving! The cover was $20.00 with a 2 drink minimum. We actually only ended up buying one drink each. When we arrived it was a fast entry. My name was on the 2 tables that was reserved for our group. The waitress promptly took our drink order. The drinks were pretty strong. We went for the male review. The show was very interesting to say the least. There was a stripper that did an interesting few minutes with a hot dog bun! LMAO...my girls and I still laugh at that almost a year later!!!! If you sit at the end of the booths the strippers will approach you during their show, so if you don't want a penis in your face(not literally) don't sit at the end! The lap dances are $30 bucks. If you plan on getting a lap dance may I suggest you wear pants cuz you may get tossed and bounced around a little! :) The strippers were nice looking w/nice bodies. The hype man was pretty funny. The shuttle driver does have very strict departure hours which he will announce, so don't be late or else you will be waiting more than an hour for the next departure. All in all, very good experience for my first time at a strip club. Will definitely return this year!
5	This place isn't for wimps.  The men are hot-they can dance and they are not shy.  I was there with a bachelorette party, and we had NO IDEA what we were in for.  These men bring it cause they got it.  Be prepared to get up close in personal.  Nothing prepares you for this!  Just go-enjoy the show-bring your $1's and get ready to be shocked!  Oh my-Pineapple guy!  LOL!!!!!
