4	Recently renovated. Very effective and well-flowing floor plan. The section for well behaved children and brats is located on the complete other side of the building from the rest of the library. Genius!
4	Downside- They're closed on Mondays- They don't have a drive thru- parking can be a painOtherwise it's a nice branch, everything is self service and checkout but there are employees in case you need to ask questions.
4	I had a moment of clarity where I realized I sat around watching TV far too often and was losing too many brain cells; therefore I decided to try and find a library and start reading to become a smart kid again!  The Juniper Branch was the closest one too me and I was surprised to find that I actually drive past it a few times a week but it's kind of hidden from the road.I had signed up for a library card online but needed to go in to actually pick it up.  The lady at the desk was friendly and helpful, the library itself is clean and pretty easy to figure out.  They have quite a few computers available for use and I didn't have any trouble getting onto one right away with the system they use to reserve them.I really like that you have the option to search for books and then put a hold request in for them on the library's website.  I've used it for several books so far and they come in pretty quickly.  It's very convenient when they are available at this branch as well because they have a huge shelf that they put all the holds onto so you don't have to wait in line for someone at the front desk to help you, you just grab them, go through the self checkout stations they have and you're on your way!
4	I tend to log in online, order a book and pick it here. Its fast and efficient. The self-checkout machines are a breeze to use, and the hold shelf is well-organized.Good selection of DVDs and CDs. More can be delivered, just place a hold and have them shipped here. Excellent way to catch up on TV series' that you missed out on.One problem is the fiction section seems to pack in a lot of books by "big" authors. If you like reading what everyone else reads, you'll be well served. If you like searching out new or lesser-known authors - they have them, but often they'll have books 3 and 4 of a series - so you'll have to order 1 and 2 from another library first.The culture passes go quickly - so line up early if you want one!
4	This location is small, but will get the job done!Librarians are helpful if you have a question. There are several scanners available for checkout. While book selection is limited, you can get a book from another library by requesting it and having it sent there for pickup. Computers are available. This seems to be a big draw. Most of them are in use all the time. If they are full, you can sign in and you will be assigned a computer and given what time it will be available. On the downside, there is a one hour limit. It will be extended if no one has requested their use. On the plus side, they have a copier hooked in to the computer system. For a small fee, you can print pdf files or any documents from online.
4	This place is actually really awesome. Thy have plenty of computers to use, easy check out (with emailed receipts available!) and a decent selection of movies too. I like this location because it's not swarming with obnoxious kids playing computer games when you come during "after school hours. Also, the librarians don't seem irritated with you when you approach them with questions. The only 2 things I will say...1. I would say is they have a more-limited supply of book/movies in comparison to other libraries in the area.2. Also, a lot of things I was looking for they had at the location...but we're marked as "being processed" so many things are neon returned but not promptly put back out on the floor, which is a tad bit frustrating.Still going to make this my "home" location for a library, just going to make sure I e-hold things before I come back and visit!
