3	Once upon a time, this was the only Del Taco that was near my house.  I would drive 10+ minutes out of my way to stop here....ahh the college years were always good times.  Now, I only stop here when I'm in the area and need to find a quick bite to satisfy my growling stomach.  It can get pretty crowded during the lunch rush, so I try to avoid it if possible.Their speed, accuracy, and quality is about par with other Del Taco restaurants.  I enjoy the Big Fat Chicken Tacos and Veggie Works Burritos.Will I return?  Sure.
5	Great drunken food.
4	Great management at this location.  Orders are fast and accurate.  Its the little things that make the difference.
5	6/1/14Previous comments still stand.  One of the best managers around.  Keep up the good work!
1	I like Del Taco in general, but I won't be going back to this location. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito with no sauce, but they gave me one with sauce. The tortilla was hard and it looked like it had been sitting for awhile. I also had to wait for them to come back to the window for part of my order that they forgot.
5	Wanted to start off day with a good meal, dropped by del taco never at breakfast here before. The food was fresh the service amazing. Thanks del taco for making me full and happy and ready to start day.
4	Fast takeout friendly staff. Ordered Macho Nachos and Steak Taco's.Tacos are very good.Macho Nachos are good but again I am seeing a trend of putting a little less meat and cheese on. Once more charge a bit more and load it up with the good stuff. If there was an option to double meat I would but guess the idea doesn't fit the standard.
2	No bueno. I liked the fries but that's about it. Maybe I didn't order the right thing but so far I'm not impressed at all. The tables were all dirty and iwont be back anytime soon.
3	Food is okay and service is about the same. It normally isn't so slow and it's right around the corner
1	I just endured the worst Del Taco experience of my life.My family pulled into the Drive Thru just to order a kids meal.  We ordered a hamburger with ketchup and lettuce, fries and a chocolate shake.  I had to repeat my order 3 times because the complexity of a burger with just ketchup and lettuce on it was just too much.  I pulled up directly to the window because there was no one else in the drive thru.  I sat for 172 seconds according to the electronic timer before I was greeted with "our shake machine is broken, can you pull you the back?" I said "can I at least have my food?".  She went back and looked and apparently it wasn't ready which she informed me of.I pulled around back and waited 5 minutes and nothing.  So I went inside.  I could see my shake sitting on the counter, whip cream melting,  there was no one at the counter and 5 girls were working in the back.  One of them asked "can I help you?"  My response was "I am still waiting on my kids meal." She said "oh" confused.  Asked all the girls "where is the kids meal?"  They all had a dumbfounded look.  After a few minutes she handed me a kids meal.  The receipt inside was to a red burrito.  I checked the burger and all it had on it was cheese.  I told her it was wrong.  After she explained it to the cook several times, I finally received my burger correctly.  I then noticed my shake was not stirred and you could still see the chocolate  syrup separate from the ice cream.  I decided to stir it myself.  At the end of the 20 minute ordeal, my kid got her food and she said it was good.I was never offered an "I'm sorry" or any sort of apology.  Just looks of irritation like they did not expect to have customers who actually wanted food.  Also when I  was standing at the counter a female patron had to return her tacos because they were incorrect.  This is the worst Del Taco and the worst set of employees I have ever seen.  I will never be back.
