5	awesome vintage store worth making a special trip to if you are into vintage anything and kitsch in general.  a dollar at the door buys you lifetime membership (spend $5 and you get it back!) and they've got the coolest, most insane furniture, knick knacks and clothes you've ever seen.  I highly recommend the upstairs dress racks for great deals on super cute vintage dresses.  they even have a store designed line of bowling shirts.  this place is ridiculous, i love it!
4	Crazy selection. I love that the attic is really organized. Pieces are seperated by garment type - pants, skirts, dresses - and then colorized. RAD. It sure beats diggin through piles and piles of random stuff. The staff seemed a little standoffish. I mean, they just were not very outgoing. Another complaint is that most of it seemed 70's centric. Not my style, but I'm sure it works for some people.
4	Ok I'm not into vintage shops that make you pay for admission for a card lifetime membership and at the same time have to deal with over priced items. Well there are some deals that are good there. Ok I can understand it's in the art district in town. The Attic has a lot of great stuff. But their sizes are Asian Large. Yea. Folks I'm a big boy. I'm all american extra large. 6 ft + yet in the 70's -90's they make clothes to fit me like I'm Barbie sized? The furnature and costume jewelry is pretty cool in here. NO I DON'T WEAR COSTUME JEWELRY. The Attic does have a great selection as far as antiques and knick knacks. Whosits and whatsits galore. Thingamabobs...they have plenty. Definitely a great place for halloween or especially if you're getting dolled up for Viva Las Vegas.
5	As we may have discussed, travel miracles abound in Las Vegas' historic downtown. I mean, you clearly aren't in Vegas for the same arts-district experience as, say, Christianshavn or the Marais, so let's just calibrate our expectations a little bit here before you're all, "why do you give everything five stars, bitch? your gross overstatement has misled me on more than one occasion!" And to that I say, sorry Mom.  Anyway, in fact Las Vegas has a flat, dusty little industrial wonderland of thrift, mixed in with cab yards and distribution centers and probably a sex dungeon or two, and while it's hot as fuck to navigate on foot and impossible to get a cab, it's entirely worth a visit.Or rather, a pilgrimage. Because therein lies The Attic: a two-floor members only Eden of 20th-century relics hand-picked with a discerning eye for glitz and camp. And where I normally favor the less libidinous Edwardian era of decorative arts, it's never too early to start preserving the past, and besides, I'm no square and I can get down to some polyester house-dresses and a brocade settee! I am, after all, a collector of vintage 60's-era Playboy magazines (the articles were SO GOOD!), my entire collection of which will now be presented in genuflect to The Attic on the faint hope that they may find a place for them in their time capsule diorama of dreams. (see photos. also please don't tell them I took photos!!) Also perhaps to garner some store credit, since I plan to be taking at least four pieces of furniture and pounds of clothing home in a U-Haul on my next visit.It may not be the most refined or restrained vintage store you have ever been in, but you can be sure that the living embodiment of every late summer childhood night spent watching six episodes of Bewitched on Nick at Nite, every furtive cult movie rental at Le Video, and every grandmother's closet exists splendidly in this place.  You can also be sure, if you come from a coastal metropolis, that the prices will in fact blow your mind.
5	This place is so cool, the saying is true - One man's junk is another man's treasure.  I've also never realized how much popular crap is.  They do have a lot of good crap here.  I mean that in a nice way.I have yet to buy anything here but its fun to kill 1-2 hours in here just browsing through all the vintage stuff.
4	I'm not really one for used stuff.. or old stuff but for this place ill make an exception. I found some pretty vintage dresses, and some wild as stuff from the 60s. I could spend hours in there. the only problem i have with it is the location. Make sure you park on the side of the street that its located on, or you'll be playing frogger with all the traffic.. or do what i did and use a old man with a cane as your shield.
3	The Attic definitely has some very sexy clothing, and some great furniture, but don't expect to pay thrift store prices.  Shop here if you need to dress up for a party *tonight*, but you won't score any super-cheap miracles.
4	The Attic is a vestige from a time when chunky platforms, the kinder whore look, day glow patent leather pants, and brocade grandma sweaters coupled with baby doll dresses were cool. Thankfully for me, 1995 was my favorite year in fashion and thus, I like what the Attic has to offer. You will NOT find: cool vintage T's, embroidered Mexican house dresses, tasteful shift dresses, boho chic, 70's maxi dresses, or any other trendy vintage wears.You WILL find: magazine clippings glued to the dressing room walls from when Richy Rich and Amanda Lepore were club kids, cool chunky lucite jewelry, DIY "club wear" (appropriate for 1995 unless you are being ironic), ponchos, more ponchos, wide collared dress shirts with op art prints, and plenty of 50's skirts and dresses. They do onsite alterations and the owner/manager is super nice (he's hot, he looks like Satan). They are closed on Sundays, almost everything is 20% off, and you pay a one time membership fee of a dollar to get in. Also, there is a cat and a parrot that live at the store, and if you are allergic I suggest you take an antihistamine in advance.
5	Love this store. Haven't shopped here since the 1990's, but it is such a cool interior that has been the backdrop for movies and for many key events in my life, such as dramatic talks with girlfriends while shopping, etc. totally cool place to visit if you're sick of the Vegas usual.
3	Pretty neat stuff, but like another reviewer said, don't expect thrift-store prices (not even close).  It is very organized like someone else said and the variety is great.  I think I just came here because I saw it in that a VISA commercial ;)  But it's a nice place to stop buy if you have money to spend and what to buy some neat things.
4	Its been a while since I've been to this store, but I do love the stuff they carry. A dollar buys you a lifetime pass. Like the other reviews, parking...park on the same side as the store or else you'll be dodging cars. This place isn't cheap, they charge quite a bit for their merchandise. I think I bought a top and it cost me $40? (it was too cute to pass up!)If you're bored and have a few hours to kill and like retro/nostalgia feel, browse here for a bit.oh yeah, don't forget to bring a lot of quarters for the parking meters too!
2	This place is interesting. I definitely enjoyed going there. It was a good way to spend 45 mins, but that's not really the point of this store. i could not shop here. the stuff here is old. not just any old clothes but very outdated. i walked in and i felt as though i stepped into the seventies. this would be an amazing place to shop for a costume but for the quality of all the items i thought it was pricey. the furniture was WAY cool though. i personally would never buy any of it, but it's interesting. the bottom floor is "attic" brand. stuff that they make and sell. so i'm assuming it's new but it's still very out of style. the second floor is FULL of second hand clothes. apparently they buy it [like from goodwill?] and they sell it. but they had some really weird clothes. from a sequenced dress,  to a leather onesie, to boots, to night gowns, to old bras. there was so much clothes i was wayy too overwhelmed.i did walk out with a standard leather belt for $14 :]
4	I avoided this place for a long time because of their $1 cover charge (supposedly because they're in a bad neighborhood, and want to keep out the riffraff).  Sack up, already!  All the most interesting stores are in sketchy palces.  Anyway, I went back recently (12/09) and was able to walk right in with no cover.  Awesome!  Their stuff is kinda pricey, but that's to be expected in a well-organized, well-lit, clean and funky secondhand store... and they're not as bad as some places I've been.  Ever wonder why you can never find anything cool at regular thrift stores in Vegas?  That's because these guys have an army of buyers that go out and snap everything up first!  They're monsters!  A fun place and the parking situation isn't bad at all... like I said, SACK UP!  We Las Vegans are spoiled by free valet and garage parking... parking on the street and jaywalking aren't gonna kill ya.  It'll put hair on your chest!  All the better to go with that custom-made 70s disco shirt (they make their own clothes here, too).
1	I've been in here 1 time a few years ago, and I vowed to never go back. I had been looking at the sign for so long that I decided I HAD to go in and browse. Not only was everything expensive, but the staff were so rude that it was ridiculous. I went in with my sister, who is a size 12 in jeans. Yeah, so kind of plus sized, but she's not a cow by any means. She asked the staff a question about finding a sweater similar to one she liked, except in her size. One of them replied, "I doubt you're going to find anything here in YOUR size." Their loss, it's not like I would go into a store without money to spend..So in closing, WTF, Attic. It's a store I wish had better prices, and better staff. I had such high hopes for it. Hopefully something similar will pop up in Vegas and put them out of business.
2	Does anyone who actually lives here ever buy anything here? I never have. The prices are ridiculous and the shit ain't that good, because ultimately let's face it: they're scouring Las Vegas for the best vintage clothing. LAS VEGAS.Nay, this store is a trap and a lie. Our arts district deserves a better second hand clothing store.
3	The Attic is what every store in America would look like if the Nazis had won the war. You might as well make sure the car hit 88mph, because you were getting sent back into the past with one step into this establishment. I think I heard Connie Francis' Tammy playing while walking through the store. Don't know what song that is? Youtube it, you young dumb punks! Either way, what kind of rat bastard psychotic would play that song right then at that exact moment?! It was creepy as all hell as I walked down sections of old clothing that belonged to now dead people, I'm sure of it. To think, they actually thought those bell bottoms actually looked good for the time. For all the shit that I'm talking, this place was really a great place to window shop.. mainly because I was looking for a vintage window.... .......Yeah, that joke sucked. Anyhow, what I'm saying is that they have the strangest of the strange in terms of old clothing, random costumes and buttons. I saw a button that said "I HEART Hal" A lot of them actually. They must have gotten all the over stock of the buttons that no one else wanted to buy. Poor Hal's in the world. No one loves you. Or at least wants to advertise said affection with a button. I didn't buy anything. I mean, who really wants that sort of stuff? (me, deep down inside). While I thought a lot of this stuff was interesting, I think the whole prices were a bit much for my own personal amount I'd be willing to spend on something old. Especially for old clothing. Don't get me wrong, I love the vintage look as much as the next guy, it's just that some of this stuff just seems like it only carries the smell of old clothes that have been sitting in the shelf for a good long time. It smells like grandma did the last time I saw her... which wasn't pleasant given I last saw her in an open casket.... In my time in the store three people came in with clothing that was like a scene ripped out of Antics roadshow. It's a dance that I'm sure is done at least 40 times a day here as the fella, who most likely just knocked over his own relatives storage closet comes here looking for a quick sell of the goods for an 8  ball or some money to go hit up Circus Circus' $2 blackjack table.  Worker tells him his vintage clothing suck and to take it down to the buffalo exchange. Junkie says it's one of a kind. Worker tells him he'll give him some insanely low ball offer. Junkie thinks about it and tries to play ball with him. rinse and repeat. I mean it. rinse those clothing and repeat as they more than likely smell of the junkie pee! Over all, this place is a must stop location when you're in Vegas and need some really strange clothing or some random odd looking furniture. But be prepared to pay a hefty price. That's the price of being odd.
2	i'm a vintage store snob and i was totally unimpressed with this one. i know it was supposedly in some commercial back in the day *yawn*  but i want real deal killer vintage. 30s, 40s, and 50s please!i was in LV competing for the title of miss beauty bar and they brought all of the contestants here to pick out outfits to wear for the competition. needless to say, i couldn't find a thing to fit my personality. so much 70s, yuck! so i ended up wearing a huge rhinestone fringe necklace (from the store) that hung over my boobs with a pair of pasties and a pencil skirt of my own. so lame.they DID have some super cute 1950's shoes but it seemed like they were all a size 4 or 5. poo!i think this place is just meant for tourists.
4	The Attic is better than I thought, considering the meh reviews. It was recommended to me by a friend of mine with really fantastic taste, so I had to give it a shot despite having seen its Yelp reviews.It's definitely funky and you should be ready to hunt, because there's tons of stuff. Blessedly, it's pretty well organized into decades and styles. And ohhhhh if only 1940's shoes came in current day size 9!In terms of price, I found it to be relatively fair. I saw a good amount of stuff that I deemed well priced. However, I asked about a couple of unmarked items and those prices seemed a little high, making me suspicious that they gave me a high price because they knew my interest. And I wasn't in the mood to haggle. But overall I really enjoyed my trip. And if I lived in Las Vegas, I'd go hunting there regularly for sure.
3	The store probably has the biggest selection of vintage stores in Las Vegas.I'll let that soak in.Stuff's way overpriced, but they pretty much have a monopoly on good vintage stuff, so I guess they can get away with it. It's pretty well organized. Upstairs, women's clothing are separated by decade. They also appear to sell fabric, which is great because the only alternative I've found is Joann's. I'd hate to find out their prices.The cover charge doesn't exist anymore--maybe they realized that wasn't a popular idea. I bought a cute, lacy robe from Saks here but I probably could have gotten it cheaper on eBay. Overall, it's worth a visit if you're desperate for something vintage, but it's hardly comparable to stores in other cities.
4	A Must if you're in Vegas and want to do something in the day and like your vintage shops- not located on the strip which is a good thing. This is a large fun shop filled with fun clothes, fancy dress, furniture and other tit bits. The staff were great, very friendly and hospitable and the general atmosphere was buzzing with fun and rails on rails of clothing. Not the best vintage shop in terms of stock, I found the clothes very expensive, they did have some designer items like miu miu heels and a pucci dress, I liked some of the clothes but they didn't quite make the grade and alas I came out empty handed. I did however get great delight in the shop's parrot called Leroy who gave me endless laughs as he said hello and gave cheeky whistles to shoppers. This is just a great place to visit and waste some time in so definitely give it a go
2	I've been to the Attic twice--the first time right before I moved to Vegas, and then again at their new location a couple days ago. All I can say is: Meh. I could be mistaken, but the old location seemed better--like they had a better selection of vintage at a better price. They seemed to have downsized at the new location, and only took the most expensive merchandise--I was hard-pressed to find any non-polyester dresses for under $100, and I noticed a few non-vintage pieces among the merchandise. If I wanted that, I would have gone to Buffalo Exchange. It's really not worth the trip, as far as I'm concerned, although if you're in the neighborhood it's worth a look. I'll save my money for the Midwest vintage shops, thank you.
3	I think you can find some interesting things here, but I happen to not find anything on my visit. I'm looking for more 40's, 50's but didn't find the jackets I was hoping to score. Not at prices that I thought were fair. This is coming from someone who at one point ONLY had vintage clothing aside from basics. I lived in LA and I had a long affair with places like Decades. Lots of outlandish stuff that can be for great costumes, specially the 70's and 60's. I do like they have furniture, decor and records as well since I'm mostly interested in those kinds of pieces than the clothes.The best thing about the store- the beautiful, chubby and loving cat that calls the place home. She is so sweet and I just wanted to take her home. Cool place, maybe you might find something interesting, but I think I will hold out for the places I love back home in LA.
2	Let's start with what I liked.The cat.  Who doesn't like being greeted at the door by a cute kitty?  (Someone who is allergic to cats like I am...but, I still thought the cat was cute.)The parrot!  So sweet.  Seemed to take a liking to me.But wait a minute..is this a pet store or a vintage shop?  5 stars for pet store.  2 stars for vintage shop.Whenever I travel, I go on a hunt for great vintage shops.  Living within minutes of some of the best shops in the country, my standards are pretty high.  When I read that this shop in Las Vegas was the "biggest vintage store in the world" well, I was sold!  Really?  Biggest in the world?  Who wouldn't want to pay them a visit?I have most definitely been to bigger vintage stores.  Size is not everything, but the selection of items was not that great.  I always find tons of things to try on, but here, I was disappointed.  Nothing struck my fancy.  The prices were also a bit high for what the items were.  You might like this place, I suggest giving it a try if you are in the area.  I wasn't too thrilled with it and probably would not go back next time I'm in Vegas.  Actually, I might.  I'd go for the cat.
1	I LOATHE this place. The staff acts as if they are doing YOU a favor if they bother to look in your direction and the prices are stupid. I would rather go to a freakin' Savers or try my luck at the very friendly Buffalo Exchange than deal with this place and their oh so hip attitude.YOU ARE IN DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS YOU %#$@&!I try and buy as much Downtown as possible so I know my stuff. Suggestion? Shop at Retro-Vegas, The Charleston Antique Mall or the Salvation Army on Charleston and Valley View. Just avoid this place like the plague.
2	Great place to come to when you need Vintage and you're willing to spend an outragous amount on something you typically wouldn't wear everyday. There is a creepy cat that roams the store too and I have bad allergies to cats--annoying! The staff is really snooty and wont really help you find what your specifically looking for, unless they are having a good day... If you want my opinion... go to Buffalo Exchange!! The staff is fun and friendly--and there is no telling what you're going to find. The prices are awesome and some of the proceeds go toward chairity!
3	If you're driving around Vegas, check out the Attic. They have a kitty! hehehe, we were instantly greeted by the shop's kitty. He's got a goofy eye but he's super friendly. Once my husband pet him he wouldn't leave us alone.They have some custom creations made by the shop and lots of vintage finds. I was hoping the prices would be alittle more wallet friendly but the staff knows how awesome their merchandise it and prices is appropriately.The owner was super helpful in recommending other shops to check out while we were in town. My friend loves to sew so he threw out a few names of local/near by fabric stores.
5	The shop is really nice and organized. The service was totally awesome, the outfit I wanted was to small, but I had to have it. They made my pants into shorts and added the material that was cut off. I now have a 3 piece short set. I will be back, thanks so much.Tanya Carpenter
5	Sadly, this is a tribute review to one of my favorite stops in LV, The Attic, which closed this year:(So I am aware that a review is of no importance this late in the game, but I am writing it anyway, as a tribute, for the indelible record. This way, if they ever do resurrect this Las Vegas treasure, this review will hopefully still be here.I bought a lot of clothes over the years at this spot, some vintage, some custom. They made a lot of original creations here, and tailored them on the spot for you. The decor was always shabby-chic cool, and welcoming. I liked the original 2-floor location better than the 1-story "new" location across the street, but LV lost an institution when The Attic closed.
