1	We spent months with our child in the 2s and 3s class & we had many concerns. I wrote an email to the 2 teachers. I praised them for their dedication & effort. I also expressed our concerns. After so much time spent with the 2 teachers, I had grown to admire, respect, and like them both. They never returned my email or talked to me again. We got an email from the director who, despite our time in the classroom, dismissed all of our concerns and disinvited our son from the school. This was very painful and unexpected. But it was the best thing for him. We got him into a play based school & helped toilet train, & provided food, & was cheaper, & had better hours, & had fewer holidays . I heard the teacher is now teaching older kids which I think is a better fit for her skills. The staff & faculty, parents, grounds are nice, & the kids are great. But it is not a good value, very friendly to working parents, & has too many holidays. Love & Logic is not for us. I don't know if it was a culture of pride that interfered with their ability to discuss my concerns. But the idea that they are beyond criticism was arrogant & cost them a great kid, committed parents, & a favorable review.
5	We couldn't have asked for a better school than the Awakening Seed.    My daughter started over the summer in the Preschool 2.5/3's class, and then moved to the 3's in the fall.  We enrolled her the following year with the preschool 4's.  The school has a strong focus on social-emotional development, which was exactly what we needed.  Instead of focusing strictly on punishment tactics to moderate behavior, teachers employed a variety of techniques to help students learn positive, adaptive reactions to stressful situations.  One technique I liked was simply to show students the consequences of their behavior (e.g., what happens when you hit another child) and to suggest more effective strategies to expressing yourself.  The school has a vast play area in the back.  Both years, my daughter's class had a class garden.  At times, the teachers would design the curriculum to follow the interest of students.  In preschool 3's, my daughter's class hosted parents and the other grades in a restaurant with chefs, greeters, servers, and a Mariachi band.  The school fosters a community environment by inviting parents to participate in activities and holding periodic school-wide events.  My family had recently moved to Arizona and was thankful to meet some other parents and schedule play dates for my daughter.  I will always have fond memories of the Seed.
5	I was a preschool teacher at Awakening Seed for 25 years. The director, Mary Glover, promotes a sense of community among students and staff alike. This sense of community can be readily seen in each classroom. As children form bonds of friendship with each other they are also encouraged to include children who are new, or less gregarious socially, in their play. The curriculum is child-centered, and students frequently decide for themselves what their main unit of study will be. Other aspects of the curriculum (math, science, literature, writing...) are based as much as possible on the general study unit.Awakening Seed students tend to assume a sense of ownership and responsibility for their school. In many cases I have seen this sense of ownership extend into adulthood. Former students often return to the school to reconnect with their former teachers. A sentiment I have frequently heard from both former students and their parents who return for visits is that their favorite school years were those spent at Awakening Seed. A more nurturing environment would be hard to find.
5	This is a great school!  My daughter, now 3, has attended for two years and she loves it.  The school uses the Love & Logic approach to handling unwanted behavior and is a welcome change from the discipline employed by other schools.  The teachers and staff are very positive and supportive.  I recommend this school very wholeheartedly.
5	Both of my sons have attended this school and have grown in ways I could not have imagined.  Part of the reason we chose this school was because its culture is somewhat different from our own.  We want our children to be exposed to a variety of view points and the Seed has given our children access to things they would not otherwise be exposed to.  Our entire family has been changed by our experience.  The tuition is a definite challenge, but we have been incredibly lucky to have been part of the scholarship program.  We have been able to connect with other families who have proven to be lifelong friends for our children and us.  That is a truly invaluable resource that I had not anticipated when we enrolled our oldest son!  Academically and socially, the Seed has done a great job for my children.  Their artistic sides, their concern for the earth, and their love of learning has been cultivated and I know they are better equipped to tackle challenges than many children their age.
