4	This review is for the  pre-opening of Red Robin in Downtown Summerlin. The atmosphere is quite cheerful. There are several dining spaces which are very brightly lit and have colorful designs. The wait staff was extremely helpful, very knowledgeable of the menu and friendly. Although the restaurant was packed service was timely.The Pretzel Bite appetizer was a great starter. The pretzels were warm and soft. The beer cheese dipping sauce was the perfect paring.The DGB Burger consisted a a juicy beef patty with roasted tomatoes, garlic aioli and arugula on a toasted  ciabatta bun. The Gourmet Cheeseburger was cooked just as ordered and included melted American cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, pickles and mayo. The battered  Artic Cod Fish was crispy and fried to perfection. It is served with a tasty dill and pickled tartar sauce. The burgers and fish entree all come with the bottomless steak fries that were not the bit greasy and delicious.Looks like this place is ready for it's Grand Opening
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! Waited for a half hour didn't get our appetizer, while everyone who was seated after us was served.  The server didn't even get our order until 15-20 mins of being seated. I get its a new restaurant but it shouldn't take that long for our appetizer to get to the table. The manager had to go to the kitchen and get our food that was probably just sitting there. Then when we got our food the waitress came over and said she forgot our onion rings. So upset with the dining experience. Food was alright but still didn't need to take over an hour to get everything to our table. Thought this was a burger place?
5	Had a friendly greeting and fantastic service! Loved the ambiance of the restaurant and of course the food. We were recommended a tropical zombie drinks-it felt like vacation in a cup. Glad we have a Red Robin close to home!!
2	This is one of my favorite places but man is it because they just opened but the service sucks! We were seated right away then drinks orders were taken. After 10 mins of no drinks we walked to the bar to get our own water.  Manager did come to our table to acknowledge delay in drinks and offered a free appetizer. That was nice.when our order arrived they got it wrong. We ordered a chicken sandwich and got a burger instead. Waited 5 more minutes for correct order to arrive. Them the table next to us waited a long time for their drinks as well. They are way over staffed and can't get things done. I hope it's just because they just opened and are super busy. Let's see..I might give them another try in a month or so.
5	Sat at the bar, place was crazy busy had good serviceRen at the bar was great and a real asset helping the new staff
4	I enjoyed my dinner at Red Robin for the most part. This location is definitely smaller than others, or maybe it just feels cramped because the tables are all very close together. I was seated in the front room & luckily I came when it wasn't very busy, but every time someone opened the door I was freezing. Also, I constantly needed a refill! The food was pretty good, and the service was definitely above average but they were obviously extremely overstaffed.
5	This is how Red Robin should always taste! We came on opening week so I know they were on their A game. We were seated at the bar. I was pleasantly surprised to see some non-crap beers on their menu :) our waitress was great! She was super sweet and knowledgable. I ordered my burger with no mayo and I actually saw her write it down. For the first time in a long time I had complete confidence that my order would come out correctly, and boy it sure did! Her name was Kadie Lee and insure hope we get her next time! Looking forward to our next visit!
4	I like the set up. Staff is friendly. Kind of disappointed with the appetizer size. Got the spinach artichoke dip and it came out in what looked like a sample bowl.The chips were light and delicious and you can tell it's homemade. But the dip was still good. Wish they gave a little more for the price.I always get the Banzai Burger but decided to be adventurous and try the French Dip.  It was pretty good. It has great flavor. And i love the taste of horseradish. That is honestly my favorite part. The cole slaw is tangy and delicious. And how could you go wrong with their bottomless fries?!? Yum!
2	Appetizers good. Hamburgers bland and buns dry and cold. Server forgot our endless frys. And gave us the wrong check. First time , last time. I don't see what's the attraction.
5	I had sworn off Red Robin because of the horrible service that we received twice in Centennial Hills, Las Vegas. I like the food, but I refuse to eat somewhere with bad service. When the new one in Downtown Summerlin opened, I figured we'd give it a shot. The service was incredible and the staff was extremely pleasant, friendly and fast. When a part of my order was accidentally missed, it was corrected immediately and with many apologies. I would highly recommend this location.
4	I didn't know but according to the waitress tonight was their grand opening! The restaurant setting was very nice compared to the other Red Robin's that I've been to in Vegas. I'm so glad there is one by my house now since I live near the west side of town and I have to travel across town to get to one.  Food was on point considering it's day one of business. My family and I will definitely be return!
4	Had the Red Royal Robin burger, which was very juicy.  The steak fries were excellent. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
4	Yay for comfort food closer to home!  On my first visit, I was impressed with the host's poise under pressure, since this particular Red Robin had just opened a few days prior.  Customers were pouring in and despite the cramped quarters in the waiting area, host and servers were doing their utmost to remain positive and professional.  Our food was served hot, the bottomless steak fries were yummy as always (crisp on outside, steaming on inside, not greasy at all), and my husband's beer was gone too quickly.  Congratulations on the new location and we'll see you again soon, RR!
2	It was just ok. The waitress was really nice but forgot my fries. Not tragic, as another waiter brought me some, but they were cold and rubbery. The waitress also forgot my second order of fries, too. No fries for me. Whiskey River Chicken Burger was OK but it wasn't hot, just luke warm. It's a beautiful and lovely restaurant... on the Downtown Summerlin Mall complex but eh food and service. =/. This isn't the typical, great RR experience but they just opened. I'll try again at a later time. =)
1	Gourmet Burgers? Not even close! I would recommend Fat Burger and In & Out Burger before I would recommend Red Robin.We ordered the "Big Whiskey" and the "Black & Blue".I have not eaten a Whopper since I was a kid, but after trying the BW, I now remember what a Whopper taste like. Seriously, I thought I was at Burger King. The only difference was the $12 that Red Robin charges you for the burger. Then I was offered the option of parmesan fries for an additional .99 cents. I was served old fries that were cold and broken in small pieces.The Black & Blue was good. It was made with Black Angus Beef, mushrooms, and blue cheese. It was served on a ciabatta bun.The service was good. We were greeted by a hostess upon our arrival and she also asked us how everything was before we departed. The server did a fine job and a woman that appeared to be a manager stopped by our table to say hello. The server brought us fresh fries after I brought the old fries to her attention, so I did not bring it to the managers attention. The cooks should not have sent the fries to the table though. Also, when I asked the server if the meat they used for the Big Whiskey burger was USDA Choice, she said she would ask the kitchen staff. Upon her return I was notified that there was not anyone in the restaurant that could answer my question.Summary:$37 for two small burgers, two drinks, and two sides of fries.I do not recommend Red Robin as place to go for burgers.
4	Great experience. My first visit ever to this chain. Yummy burger, super friendly service.
3	I like Red Robin burgers including its garden burger.  I like the ambiance of this location and the service took it up a notch.  The fries, including sweet potato ones, are very good and I like the Red Robin spice jar.  However, this restaurant is a little on the pricey side without getting any drinks.  A gourmet burger is like the one Ramsey Clark does at Planet Hollywood.  Red Robin is not up to that standard but it's very good.
5	The burgers and fries are good(but isn't anything good when you're hungry). We've gone to this location a few times and it was pretty decent. The servers are always good each time we go. I like the whiskey chicken wraps the most!!  If you want a quick bite to eat, this is a good spot to go to. Just be cautious of the wait time.
1	I don't know if all Red Robins are the same but this new location is nothing but a glorified Chucky Cheese. Lots of kids and bad food. I ordered a clam chowder, it was so watered down and yet the chef still serves it. The other dishes we had seemed thrown together as though nobody cared. Didn't feel the love at this restaurant , I will not be going back.
4	This is the newest Red Robin in the Vegas area located in Downtown Summerlin.  Love it!Realize first that this is a chain, which has had "gourmet" burgers.  It's not like some of the local places so if you're looking for unique, bypass here.  But I love it here because you can get seated quick and get a delicious burger with bottomless steak fries.Service was great when we went which was the second week of opening.
4	I'm a fan; I had a pleasant experience! I even had me some of those bottomless steak fries I kept hearing about. Now that I think about it, I may have had every type of fry they offered... And some onion rings. The bottomless rootbeer float is a good choice of beverage. My choice of a gourmet burger was the Sauteed 'Shroom which I thoroughly enjoyed. Whenever there's a mushroom and swiss on the menu, I always make sure to try it. And let me tell you, there was an abundance of mushrooms in my burger. I'd say there were about three fistfuls! I am not exaggerating.The reviews here, so far, are pretty mixed, but I'd have to say that my experience resulted in a good meal. My server was lovely and accommodating. My friends and I were content, so I'm glad to have a Red Robin closer to my neck of the woods.
5	After visiting this establishment last night I have to say it has turned my previous views of Red Robin around. I have had a very bad experience prior to this visit of Red Robin from small meal portions, not accurate orders and poor service but this Red Robin defies all. From the moment we walked into the door to the time we paid our check we had outstanding service. I've never had service like this from any food franchise ever the food was cooked to perfection and there wasn't anything wrong with it, the price was even reasonable. I can say because of this Red Robin alone I will be giving this business another chance. I would like to give a special thanks to Jessie for his hospitality and his professionalism while taking our order, he was clean, prompt, polite and I could go on for days about him but I'll leave it at that. I wish I could give this establishment more then 5 stars but unfortually it doesn't work that way, I would also like to give a special thanks to the manager who checked with us during out visit, his name was Ryan! He made sure we were satisfied with our food and didn't leave us hanging!I ordered the BBQ Chicken Burger which was cooked to perfection and had to be one of the best tasting sandwiches I've ever had (better then my wife's but don't tell her that) my wife also ordered French Onion Soup which was awesome and she didn't have any complaints. I did take the time to indulge myself in some of their bottomless fruit drinks I believe it was the Raspberry Limeade which was Epic in itself. I couldn't ask for anything to go any better then it did on this visit, thanks Red Robin in South Summerlin for coming through and making it happen tonight for my appetite, I will be sending an email along with this review to your corporate office to make sure the appropriate people get their recognition!
4	You can't really go wrong with Red Robin (insert yummmm). This location in Downtown Summerlin is beautiful! Sparkling clean, everyone was friendly, pleasant, and warm. Now, I do think that in the years that have passed since I last visited a Red Robin, that the portion sizes have gotten smaller (especially that initial serving of fries), but the taste is pretty much still the same. I also want to compliment their restrooms (yes, I know that's weird). I don't think I've been in a public restroom that is cleaner! That says a lot to me- there's nothing worse than going into a nasty bathroom! Anyway, burgers, fries, friendly service, clean, and reasonably priced- Red Robin does it!
3	They have really reworked the menu since the last time I was here. It's definitely not a paleo place to eat, but for a chain restaurant serving up burgers that's to be expected so I won't hold it against them too much. A lot of the menu items are quite delicious, however unhealthy.I got the "Red Robin's Finest Smoke and Pepper" burger. My only real problem with this was that the burger patty I had was super dry, and a bit grainy. I feel like it was really, really low in fat, like maybe a 5% patty. Fat is flavor and moisture, and the patty was lacking both, especially moisture. The burger flavor that was there, though, was pretty good, and the sauce that came with it on the side was also good. They claim it has "extra sharp cheddar" and I think that's definitely wrong. Maybe medium cheddar, maybe, but still good. The real star of the show the last couple times I've come have been the appetizers. Yukon chips and onion dip and tavern fries, and the bottomless normal fries. The Yukon chips and onion dip are delicious, and that dip is good for normal fries as well. Really delicious. If you're familiar with In-n-Out burgers and their "secret" off-menu Animal Fries option, you know what the Tavern Fries taste like, but with one major addition: bacon. They're like Animal Fries plus bacon, and they are absolutely awesome.Hopefully next time I come here the burger patty will be improved. It was cooked perfectly so it definitely wasn't dry for being over-done. I ordered it medium and got exactly what I wanted in that aspect but just no moisture and short on flavor.
2	I've been to the RR at the Galleria Mall and it was great, so I was excited that one opened up at Downtown Summerlin. I hate to write a bad review, but the only thing good about our trip to this Red Robin was the service. The "onion dip and chips" appetizer was awful. The dip was soupy and the chips were soggy...I'm guessing there was a problem with the fryer because the fries were soft and soggy and the onion straws in my chicken burger were slithery and not crispy at all. The server did her best to make it up to us, and even brought the cronuts to us free as a desert...but they were uncooked in the middle too. I heard several other people send back fried things because they weren't cooked. The burger itself was under seasoned and quite bland. Red Robin better rethink the "gourmet burgers" sign on the building. With so many awesome little places in town to find actual "gourmet" burgers, I doubt we'll be back to Red Robin any time soon.
4	Good food and great service. My family enjoyed our visit. Our waiter did a good job following up with our table.
1	Service was just ok. The waiter spilled my beer on the table, wiped it up and left the pile of wet napkins at the edge of our table and didn't bring us our water glasses till we were already eating.  My chicken sandwich was fine.  My husband had a regular cheeseburger and they wouldn't cook it medium rare, only medium or well done. We also had the mozz sticks/fried zucchini as apps and it upset our stomaches, even my two year old had a tummy ache. I wouldn't go back.
3	I decided to take my lunch break here at the new Red Robin location. The host Howard had already seen us approaching the door and decided to open the door for my coworker and I. We were immediately seated and taken care by the waiter named Carlos. He was to quick to bring our drinks and gave us an appropriate amount of time to review the menu and place the order. He was very attentive and made sure to check on us regularly.We got our food fairly quick. I was not impressed with the portioning of the chicken tenders I ordered. The amount of chicken tenders did not justify the price of the order. The fries were cold and the ranch seemed a little more watery than what I am used to.Overall I was satisfied with our waiter and not so much about the portions for such a high price. I may be back to try something different, but I won't be back anytime soon.I prefer Islands Burgers.
