3	A Simple Life is a thriving small "general store" type business in the Southeast.  Like a store in the old west, you can find a bit of everything from specialty flours to sewing lessons there. It can be a bit confusing when you first walk in. You should check them out for one very specific reason. The owners make exceptional pies. Preservative-free, delicious, flaky-crusted pies. We needed pie for a special occasion and purchased a few to try. They were really tasty. They had run out of the caramel apple pie (you read that correctly "caramel apple pie"), so I got an apple and pumpkin pie instead. And they were really delicious.  The owners are a wife and husband team who clearly enjoy what they are doing. They are warm people who want to engage and get to know their customers. As an aside, they had a number of homemade soups on premises as well. They're on my list for my next visit.
4	The only thing keeping this lovely local business from 4 stars in my first review was what I saw as the unfocused nature of the space. But I have had two bites of food that MORE than compensate:1) Caramel Apple Pie2) Clam ChowderThe owner's pie crust is the best I have ever had. Hands down. I've now had a few of her pies and once the crust was a bit over cooked. But the others generally, and the CARAMEL APPLE PIE very specifically, are delicious. How could I leave them with three stars when the pie crust is that good. She told me that one customer came in and asked her to make a crust with no filling. And I wasn't even shocked. I just blinked and asked if that was something she would be selling on a regular basis. Her crust is that good. Everything they make is homemade. They are proud of that fact. They should be.I still think they have a lot going on in the store itself. But who cares. When a CARAMEL APPLE PIE tastes like that---tart, sweet, buttery, creamy---who am I to quibble over details? I've had plenty of their prepared food items: cranberry sauce, lots of soup, apple butter, jam, bread pudding and pies. The CARAMEL APPLE PIE is by far the best. If I was making a list of my favorite things to eat in this city, that pie (warm) with a scoop of homemade ice cream on top would be in the top 10.
5	I love this place. The Owners are so very friendly and helpful. So many different foods to try! The Home made soup is wonderful as well as the pie. I found some German Mustard and an assortment of Wienke's Market goods that are all heavenly.
5	Awesome fresh food. A+ customer service as well.
5	I saw their car with the website on Tropicana so when I got home I went to their website. I went there with a friend today and it is a great little store! Awesome customer service, they sell things from brats, to cheese, to pies. Their beef sandwich is super good. Also I recommend their strawberry-rhubarb pie. A neat and clean store.I'll be back.
