4	One of my favorite Thai places, maybe ever.  Fresh, sweet, spicy and all around good.  Not super heavy or cloying sweet.  Friendly service and all at a fair price.  I hate hearing my neighbors, though.
5	I must write a review for this restaurant!  :)I have lived in Pittsburgh for almost 8 years now and luckily found this Thai restaurant early in my move.  Let me start with a little story.  My sister lived in Northern California and was visiting.  We were talking about places to eat and I of course mentioned and suggested Thai Cuisine, knowing how good their food is.  My sister was skeptical, to say the least, mentioning in the same breath that she lives in the San Francisco area, could a place in Pittsburgh actually be that good if not better than restaurants in CA?  I decided to let the food speak for itself  --- and it did!  My sister ordered the red curry (duck with pineapple), her fave dish, and she LOVED it.  In fact, she admitted after that this restaurant was indeed the best she had had - and that it was too bad that it was in Pittsburgh.  Me personally?  I love the green curry with mock duck (wheat gluten) - and I am not vegan or vegetarian.  I would like to mention that this restaurant has a nice selection of vegetarian and vegan options.  The crispy spring rolls are yummy, especially with the sauce.  The soups are all pretty great.  You should try this restaurant, it will definitely be worth your time.  And if you like your food spicy, like I do, make sure you tell them you want it thai spicey at 10 out of 10!  :)
5	I always thought I hated Thai food, but it turns out I just hadn't tried good Thai food!  Thai Cuisine is easily my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh right now.  As others say, try the curries; they're absolutely delicious.  Their mock duck and "veggie chicken ham" (it really does taste like chicken and ham simultaneously) are very tasty, and a welcome addition to the menu.  And speaking of the menu, Thai Cuisine offers an entire vegetarian menu!Also, the service here is perfect.  Really.  The servers are incredible.
4	Of the many, many good things that come with living in Bloomfield, Thai Cuisine tops the list. I've only ordered take out, but the service has always been above par. The place is BYOB, which means you can have a fancy meal on the cheap. They have a great veg menu, it's not over saturated with fake meat, or light on the protein. Their menu strikes a great vegetable/protein balance for non-meat eaters, and it looks like it does the same for omnivores.The price is great too, you can get plenty of food for about $10 per person (not including tip or drinks)
3	Eaten here many times. Family run and they remember you so if you come back time and time again they start putting treats in your to go bag- weird treats though- like a brownie- but I'm not complaining. Food is good. Has sort of a Asian fusion menu actually but staple Thai items. Service is always friendly. Casual dress. Interesting interior with lots to look at on the walls.Good for groups. Good place for a relaxed dinner.
5	This is another one of the great Thai places that Pittsburgh has to offer.  I've been here a few times, and I know I'll keep coming back.  I usually get the Pad Se Ew, and it has a good amount of veggies and chicken.  My favorite here has to be the dessert - Mango Sticky Rice, which very simple, but very tasty (and refreshing in the summer).  I haven't tried the curries, but after reading the other reviews it is next on my list.  The decor is more 'professional' than Spice Island and its generally  quieter, so its easier to chat in a larger group.
4	well i finally took the advice of fellow yelpers and gave Thai Cuisine a shot last weekend.   I showed up at 930 on Friday night and the place was packed.  I had to wait 15 minutes for a table.  I always feel waiting for a table is more of a positive than a negative as it usually means good things are to come.  I started out with the special shrimp fried in wontons.  It was unmemorable and I would of like to have seen bigger shrimp for this 6.95 appetizer.  I ordered the vegetable tom yum soup.  This was outstanding.  The vegetables were large and fresh and the spice was perfect.  I asked for medium and actually got medium.  I went with the standard pineapple curry as i always do the first time at a thai place.  Every bite was enjoyable and again the medium spice was perfect.  Like so often at thai restaurants i am always sad when i get to the bottom of the bowl.    Looking forward to my next visit. (4.5 stars)
4	First visit to Thai Cuisine (interesting name, no?) and first visit to Pittsburgh, so that should set up this review nicely. Context is, of course, that I expected very little from this town, yet I've been completely surprised. #1 - faux meat on a menu is a huge plus for me, I just love it, and I don't care to hear comments like "if you are a vegetarian, why would you eat something that is meant to taste and look like meat?" Shut up. I just like it. #2 - the prices are so cheap. I only looked at the vegetarian menu where every entree is about $10 for dinner, and while that's no steal nor does it compare to Thai food prices in Thailand, it's decent. #3 - cutest. waitress. ever. AND she mentioned that "all of my cool friends have read that book" which, by default, makes me a cool kid? Hmmm. Maybe. Then again, maybe not.
5	This is absolutely one of my favorite places to eat!  I have been here almost every week for the past couple months.  The food is delicious.  The service is fantastic & friendly. The atmosphere is very pleasant.Recommended: The curry.  The green is good, and the yellow is to die for.They have a pretty big menu, along with a separate vegetarian one.  The prices are very reasonable.  No alcohol here, but it's BYOB (only $1 a glass if you bring a bottle of wine).  I really can't imagine finding better Thai food in Pittsburgh, or anywhere for that matter -- YUM.
5	Best Thai food in town, for sure.  Screw all those other places, they're inferior and probably cost way more.The green curry is my favorite thing, but the yellow curry is pretty good.  There are vegetarian options (although I usually go for the meat), and one time they had a salmon tom kha gai soup special, which I wasn't sure was a good idea, but it was actually a terrific idea.One of the few places I can take any or all of my family or in-laws and be sure that everyone will enjoy themself.The name kind of lends itself to semi-comedic confusion, though:"Where do you want to go for dinner?""How about Thai Cuisine?""Thai sounds great.  Where do you want to go?""Um... Thai Cuisine?"(Wash, rinse, repeat...)
4	Delicious-- try the spicy basil noodles.  Really relaxed atmosphere, nice low lighting, friendly staff.  Your water glass will never get more than a third empty!  Oh, sometimes I really miss Pittsburgh.
5	What's not to love about Thai Cuisine?  Relaxed and spacious atmosphere.  Friendly hosts who will humor you if you try to speak Thai to them, and of course great Thai food. They were even kind enough to offer me a generous handful of Kaffir lime leaves when I wanted to try my own hand at some Thai cookin!
3	Neighborhood restaurant.  Friendly service. Dishes can be a bit uneven. The honey duck, for instance, is dry, but the curry is good.
4	I haven't found Thai food that blew me away in Pittsburgh, but the waiter here was incredibly friendly, and my mock duck dish was solidly tasty.
5	Holy crap!  I just ordered delivery while in town on business-- The Thai Cuisine roll and the Thai Basil Chicken.  They were both fantastic!  And I mean it!  I have eaten a lot of Thai, and this stuff rocked.  Perfect spiciness and delicious ingredients.  If I lived here, I would be going once-a-week.  Great job, TC!  WooHoo!
4	Pretty good Thai, though slightly overrated. Hit and miss, with the curries more solid than anything else I've tried. Enormous portions.Ambience is very open and casual but somehow still pretty "nice". Seating is never an issue.It's good to have more BYOB options. Go here with some friends casually, bring a growler or a couple of bombers, have a good relaxed time. Overall, I'm a fan, but wish my friends would want to go here less often.
5	I love Thai Cuisine!! It is probably my favorite place to eat. I usually get their pineapple curry and it is fabulous. The service is usually great and they are always quick to refill your water glass. It is not cheap, but it is worth every penny. I also love that it is BYOB. I would recommend that everyone go there!
5	When I lived in Pittsburgh, I was always trying to find the best Thai restaurant. I failed miserably. So when I visited for July 4th, I had a friend take me to her favorite place. This was it! and I was grateful!I went with about 8 people and we BYOB'ed which was a fantastic idea. Some semi-sweet white wine went well with the flavorful light Thai food. Most of the table had the curries(I thought the red was the best), but I went with the eggplant with the vegetarian duck. Simply delicious! Highly highly recommend it. The spicy basil sauce was the highlight. My partner had one of the chef specials, which was by far the most interesting, but maybe not the tastiest. Overall, an affordable, low-fuss, great place to eat. There also seemed to be a steady crowd there when we got there and left. It looks like a popular spot. For good reason!
5	Thai Cuisine is one of the best Thai places I've been to in the States - finding it in Pittsburgh was a real surprise.  The food here is outstanding, and the service is comparable to what I'd expect in a $50/person restaurant, and this place is definitely not $30/plate.  With appetizers, Thai iced tea, and two entrees, my girlfriend and I paid about $30.I highly recommend the cold chicken and sprout salad.  Wish I could remember the name of it, because it's heavenly.  (...Which probably assumes that heaven looks like Thailand.  ...Which would be a nice place to spend eternity.)  Thai iced tea is really good, too.
5	This is my favorite Thai Restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The building may not look like much, but the food is excellent.  The only dish I have ever disliked was the duck curry.  Everything else has been superb. The prices are reasonable and the servers are friendly, too.  It often gets quite crowded on weekends, but the wait is never too long.  BYOB.
5	Like other reviewers have said, this place is very basic but the service is fast and friendly and the food was amazing. The vegetarian Tom Yum soup was perfect! We ordered the special of the day - a fried trout dish which was incredible. The price was very reasonable too. The six year old in our party (who doesn't like spicy food) loved the fried dumpling which was recommended by our server and one of the house specialties - three flavored chicken. We ordered the banana springroll for desert - also tasty. Don't expect a fancy place but if you want really good and fast thai food, this is the place to go in Pittsburgh.
5	Thai Cuisine is neighbors with another pretty good Thai place right down the street, Thai Gourmet.  The competition is serious; both places have excellent food and both are a long way from pretentious dining.  After a few experiences at each, Thai Cuisine emerged as the winner.  This is mainly because 1) I had the lights turned out on me (twice) without warning at Thai Gourmet - as in "hey we're closing but instead of telling you, we're just going to turn out the lights, hint hint" and 2) I was served by a 10 year old on more than one occasion.  There's just something not right about a kid uncorking your wine tableside for you...  So Thai Cuisine is the place.  Like others have said, the food is excellent, but what's great in addition to that is that the service is outstanding.  The staff are knowledgeable about the menu and make great recommendations.  They are patient and friendly in handling my annoying vegan questions and have a variety of mock meats to choose from, if that's your thing.  Keep an eye out for the mango sticky rice dessert - they only serve it in season!
4	Thai Cuisine was very good and might be deserving of 5 stars but I have only been there once and there were a couple of items that knocked it down to 4.I started with Tom Yum Veggie, it was loaded wit LOTS of fresh vegetables, the broth had a little too much lime in it for me and the idea of adding extra heat with chili flakes was okay but overall the broth lacked any sort of flavor outside of base, lime, chili flakes. I had the Spciy Basill Noodles, this dish was excellent very similar to Pad Kee Mao but it had egg and bell pepper in it. This dish alone deserved 5 stars.My only other critique is that I had ginger tea and it was westernized version, on the sweet side and lacking the spiciness of true ginger tea.With my little nit-picks aside I currently highly recommend this dining establishment, not that they need much help, they were very busy as they should be - go enjoy.
5	The *best* Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh, hands down.You see alot of new thai places pop up that serve you "american thai"... mild dishes from pre-made sauces and canned meat\ vegetables. This is not that place.Great seating, with capacity for about 45 or so people. Great dinning area with access to windows allowing the sun in. Flexible hours, often open until 10\11 at night.I've been here a few times now and each time has been consistently delicious. A friend and I enjoyed steamed dumpling, which were delicious but alittle pricey for 4 ($4.95). I enjoyed the Red Curry (Roasted Duck, Tomatoes, Bell Peppers, Basil Leaves and Pineapple in a Coconut Curry) which was amazing. All fresh ingredients cooked to order. I had mine at a 8/10 spice level, which had a slight kick but nothing too crazy, really it depends on who is cooking that day. My friend enjoyed the Yellow Curry (Chicken, Potatoes and Carrots in a Coconut Curry) which was just as great!This place is great and is worth checking out. About $10 a plate and offers enough food to fill you for lunch and dinner!
1	I surmised two things from my visit to Thai Cuisine:a) the competition among thai restaurants must not be very stiff in this townb) yinzers wouldn't know good thai food if it flew into their open mouthsThis place was horrible. My fried trout was just a battered butterflied fish not much different from what you'd find at a church fish-fry. Insipid, over-battered and generally unpleasant. My dining partner's masaman curry was so sickly sweet it tasted like melted coconut ice cream. Surprisingly, the joint was slammed. On the bright side, service was very fast. On the downside, our waitress was definitely stressed out and cranky possibly from waiting on the 14-top of inebriated co-eds across the room from us.The takeaway: If you're from Pittsburgh, you'll probably love this place -- it was packed with your kinsmen when I was there. But if you've enjoyed quality thai food in any large coastal metropolis, steer clear.p.s. food was needlessly pricey given the poor quality.
5	Stopped here based on its Yelp raiting while driving through Pittsburgh. The other Yelpers are right--this is a good place. The food was excellent, the service was prompt, and the prices were very reasonable.My one complaint is that my wife ordered a tea that never came. Mistakes happen, so I'm not going to take a star off for this, but if you go here don't be afraid to remind the waitstaff if they forget part of your order.
3	All I'm sayin' is that I crave Thai Cuisine's Tom Kha Veggie soup. Perfect winter warm up, though I loved it in the summer just the same.
3	Thai Cuisine is a good Thai restaurant, but the atmosphere is lacking. It feels akin to eating in a high school teachers' lounge (including the musical selections).
4	I'm not a Thai food expert, but I really really enjoy their food.  The 3 spice duck is great, Pad Thai is fantastic, as well as almost all the appetizers.  The servers are so nice and accommodating.  The decor could use updating.  Closed on Tuesdays, which somehow is always the day I'm craving it.
1	i was very excited to try this place.  thai is one of my favorite cuisines ever!!!  but i was sorrily disappointed. we started with spring rolls, through the rice wrapper i could see that the lettuce was browning, a sure sign that the rolls were not made to order.  the pad thai was dry and tasteless.  my friends curry and potatoes tasted like water with a touch of curry powder.  i hate giving poor reviews but nothing that i ate at thai cuisine was yummy.
5	I heart Thai Cuisine! Ryan B. and I always go there for our Thai fix! We ordered the Tom Yum shrimp soup, which was so flavorful and hearty, as well as the Won Ton soup, which was a million times more flavorful than what you'd find in the typical Chinese restaurant. Our entrees are typically Winter Curry, which Ryan B. LOVES, and Cashew Chicken, which is spicy and delicious. Be sure to BYOB, this place is a must!
5	As an expatriate of Pgh, Thai Cuisine was an unexpected gem in the middle of the city.  I have found very little in my current venue of Boston which compares well.The prices are extremely reasonable, and the seating is intimate. The cuisine is extremely authentic (especially for being Pittsburgh) and is suited from picky eaters to foodies.
5	This is hands down the best Thai I've ever had.The Tom Yum Veggie Soup is AWESOME. And I got the spicy basil and it was SO GOOD.I obviously don't need to get into it too much since this place is clearly very popular and we all agree it's delicious, but someone freaked out at me about how I needed to try the soup, so I'll freak out at you: TRY THE SOUP.
4	After moving from SF to Denver about 1.5 years ago, I've missed good Thai food.  Luckily, I've found myself in Pittsburgh for a week for work.  I found Thai Cuisine on Yelp and loved it!  I took a short drive from my hotel, near CMU campus, across a bridge into a very authentic little Pittsburgh neighborhood.  As soon as I saw their special, Winter Curry, (Green Curry that includes Kabocha Squash, Zucchini, Potatoes, Carrots, Chicken), I was thrilled.  And, after tasting this scrumptiousness, I was hooked for life!  I gave 4 stars and not 5 only due to it not being an amazing environment...but for food only, definitely a 5 star!Haven't left Pitt yet but already excited for a return trip for more yummy Thai!
3	Went here last week and it was good. Nothing special, but good.If you're looking for a reasonable and inexpensive thai meal, head here. If I could, I'd give it a 3.5.
4	Very solid Thai place. I have the fried spring rolls, which was good (crispy flaky crust, but the filling wasn't anything to write about), the vegetarian tom yum soup (pretty good, but honestly I've had better tasting broth), and the winter curry.  The curry was interesting, but the kabocha squash (which i'm a fan of) didn't seem to fit in right with the curry.  The curry itself was good and the dish was a good effort.  My gf had the vegetarian pad thai.  She thought it was good, but a little too soupy (too much fluid).Also, they offer most things spiciness from a scale of 1 to 10.  They said 5 is good, but I tasted almost no spice.  I'd go for a 10 next time.From what I read this places is among the best in Pitt, and I can see how this might be true.  Next time I'm in Pitt, I'll definitely consider coming back.
4	never had a bad experience until i ordered take out lately, but still pretty solid.
5	Hands down a great thai restaurant.   I ordered the Tom Yum Veggie Soup because of all the yelper's great experience, however, I thought the soup had a bit too much lemon juice.  Aside from that, my husband and I enjoyed a great meal.  We ordered the Fresh Tofu Roll, Spicy Beef Basils and Chicken Pad Thai.  It seems that no one talks about this number system of how spicey they should make your food.  The waiter asks if how spicey it should be from 1 to 10 (being the hottest).  We picked a number 4 and the Spicy Beef Basils was still very spicy.  The Pad Thai was delicious and amazing.  All together our bill came out to be $32.  We will definitely go here again very soon!
4	Loved this place! I am a big fan of "Thai Me Up" in the Southside for their Spicy Basil Noodles (not much else unfortunately), but this place is my new favorite!  Super fast service and really great flavors in the Spicy Basil Dish!  I was hesitant to try it since I didn't think that I'd like their twist, adding green peppers and onions, but now they have set the bar!  This is the way the dish should be prepared!  Such a great surprise!  Their pad thai was good too, but I'd recommend the spicy basil dish first and foremost.
4	I know I've always like this place but I seem to forget how good it actually is until I have it again. This is really solid Thai. The curries are delicious and loaded with fresh ingredients (I've had the red, green, and mussaman) but, after trying the spicy basil noodles tonight at the suggestion of other yelpers, I don't think I'll be able to order anything else ever again. Seriously seriously good (I had it with duck) and you can definitely split it. Also, this place is cheap...you really can't do better than their lunch deal. I wish I had a place like Thai Cuisine nearby in DC.Only thing I've had here that I didn't like: the fresh rolls are kind of mediocre but I'm not much of a fan of fresh rolls to begin with so take that as you will.
4	Took a friend to chow down at this thai restaurant. PROS: Have had the pad thai, wide noodles w/ black bean sauce, and mango curry here. All were good. The front desk was very welcoming. Decent prices ($10- 12/dish). They also have a daily specials menu, at least for dinner.  CONS: Crab rangoon was overfried- wouldn't recommend this appetizer. Side street parking. Overall, will be back to check out the rest of the menu.
4	Consistently good, reasonably priced Thai.
3	Not much to say but I like this place. The Thai style fried rice with crab or lobster meat is pretty good. Service is ok and ambiance is good.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I would!Now, I will be a tad sentimental here.  Thai Cuisine was my first experience with Thai.  A friend brought me there for lunch back in 2006 - and I have been a junkie ever since.  And, to be perfectly honest, I have only found one other place in the burgh that I think has comparable food in terms of taste - and the prices there are much higher.  We live about 45 minute drive from TC so for us to frequent there means that we really do enjoy the food!Over the years, DH and I have brought many friends to TC.  To be honest, it is not much to look at.  It really is lacking in atmosphere and, to be honest, I would love to see them clean up their restrooms a lot.  But the service is always good and the food - well, the food is so good, I can live with this little "diner".  Besides, we always end up down the street afterwards for a coffee and there are restrooms there :)We have tried all of the appetizers - DH says it is hands down the best hot & sour he has ever had.  Steamed dumplings are the tastiest in town - good taste but nothing overwhelming (i have had them with so much garlic, I regret eating them). Spring rolls are always tasty & fresh.  BTW - if you go at lunch, they add a tiny salad with peanut dressing to your plate - try not to lick the plate when you are done :)I think we have tried every curry on the menu - red, green, pineapple, panang, musman, winter.  Winter is always our favorite - a green curry with the pumpkin is to die for.  DH will scrape the bowl on this one. I am a noodle junkie.  My favorite here of all the dishes is their Pad See Ew.  I always get it with shrimp which are nice-sized and plentiful.  It is the sauce that differentiates this from other Thai places.  TC uses a sweet black bean sauce that is amazing.  I have tried this dish and it is the sauce that makes this dish.  I have liked their Rad Na and enjoyed the fried rices but I always come back to the Pad See Ew because I know that I can't find comparable anywhere else.I will admit that we have never tried desserts there. To be honest, we find the portions plentiful and have never wanted dessert afterwards.If you are looking for atmosphere, head to Squirrel Hill or the South Side or Wexford. If you are looking for tasty food at a reasonable price, this is your spot.  And just remember - there is always takeout!
4	I think Pittsburgh is a little weird. Restaurants and places close at odd times and therefore my friend and I were stranded on Liberty Ave looking for a decent restaurant that was open. We gave up and decided to go for some Thai. It's a very nice place and I was very happy with the fact that our waiter was friendly. I always like polite and friendly servers. I ordered the hot and sour soup which I gobbled up right away. It was delicious and super hot, just how I like it. I ordered one of the Pad Thai's I don't quite recall which one exactly but I thought it was very yummy. I enjoyed the fact that they give you a scale of spiciness from 1-10 to choose from. Usually at restaurants people just ask if you want it mild or spicy, but this gives people a nice range to choose from. My friend got one of the curry dishes they had and it was really good as well. After a night of searching for food, I'm glad I ended up with a satisfying meal.
5	(BYOB)Went here for Saturday lunch with my husband, and we had some GREAT Thai Food! Although they open at noon, we were there a few minutes early and they seated us.  I'm a vegetarian so I really loved the fact that they had a separate menu with only vegetarian options. Made it easier than scanning through the entire menu. Prices are good! We shared spring rolls, pad Thai, green curry with 2/green teas for $31.The interior was okay. Not very fancy, but fine. We will definitely be going there! The portions are big too, so we had some food to take home, which is always nice!
4	What a gem of a place, situated as it is amongst the Italian eateries in Bloomfield, Pittsburgh's Little Italy. This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the city, and arguably the best. I've not had a bad meal here, and everything I've tried has been delicious, with the green curry standing out in my mind as one of the best I've had anywhere. We came here with a large group of people one night, some of whom had never had Thai food, and all left happy and appreciative of my excellent taste when it comes to choosing restaurants. (pat, pat, pat). One of my friends had the springroll and liked it so much he ordered another for dinner. Service here is always good, with a friendly and professional staff that takes the time to help you with ordering. The one downside is that parking is a challenge, as this is a busy street in a bustling neighborhood. I usually find parking on a sidestreet, and would brave much more difficult hurdles to get to this food.
3	After being deprived of Thai food for 2 years, and before that coming from the land of abundance in NYC and also SE Asia- I know good Thai food, and was excited to start my exploration of the Thai food scene in Pittsburgh (am I way too optimistic?!).First attempt: Thai Cuisine.  It ain't so terrible.  The chicken pad thai was respectable.  The penang curry didn't quite have the rich peanut and coconut flavor I was craving, but the base curry flavors lingered in the background, which gives me hope.  Heck for $23 I'm willing to go there again.  Sad that they don't have curry puffs, but it's a great location, the people are friendly, and you can get delivery.   I'm still on my quest, but this certainly is a solid option when the craving for Thai hits.
5	Great little hole in the wall restaurant that introduced me to the awesomeness that is Thai food some years ago when I lived in Shadyside. Ended up biking over for takeout once every week or 2.Living in CA now and haven't been back in about 4 years, and have a fantastic Thai restaurant on my corner, but I still miss Thai Cuisine. The food was great and the staff treated me very well as a regular. Decor and ambiance...lacked a bit but were in line with the prices and the neighborhood.
5	Really enjoyed the food here!  I was contemplating whether to give it 4 stars but then I thought what could have been better and couldn't really think of anything.  The service was prompt and friendly - they were attentive without being annoying.  I got what I usually get at Thai places - Spicy Basil Noodles and they were probably the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  I got a level 8 spicy and most of the time at other Thai establishments I'm disappointed in the lack of spiciness even when I get a level 8, but I can honestly say it was satisfactory level 8 spice worthy - which I truly appreciated.  It was jumping for dinner and it's BYOB so stop by the wine and spirits store beforehand!
5	We stopped back in here on a hot Friday night for our second visit to the place, and it was just as amazing as the first, several years ago.I like the fact that the name of this restaurant is just what they offer: Thai Cuisine.  Nothing fancy, nothing they can charge you an arm and a leg for because it's gourmet or anything like that.  It's just good, delicious, well-prepared Thai food, served by a knowledgable and friendly waitstaff.Last night, we were starving after walking around in the 90+ degree heat for several hours, so we ordered a few plates of appetizers to split before our entrees.  They have a page of 'daily specials' with their menu, and 'shrimp blankets' were on it, so we checked them out.  Basically, it's a shrimp (tail-on) in a spring roll, served with a dipping sauce.  So very good.We also got an order of the spring rolls, which were ever-so-slightly tangy, and the Thai toast, which was so crispy and delicious, I considered getting a second order.  Their cucumber dipping sauce comes with little chunks of fresh cucumber in it.  And since I recently discovered the magic of veggie tom-yum soup, I decided to try theirs.  Oh, so good!  On a hot day, I always crave something salty, and this was exactly what I wanted: the bowl is crammed with veggies and tofu (salty, spicy tofu - yum!), and the broth is just spicy enough to please your tastebuds but not overwhelm them.The servers will ask how spicy you would like to have your meal prepared (the soup as well).  I tried everything at a 4, which I felt was just fine.  It wasn't bland, but I wasn't panting.  Our server said that around a 7 is when things start to get seriously spicy, so go ahead and order in that range if you are brave!I had the garlic pepper pork (my favorite Thai meal) for an entree.  It was incredible, salty and garlicky and the white rice was puffy and just the tiniest bit sticky in that perfectly-prepared way.  Lots of good chunks of veggies on the plate as well, and enough sauce to spread on your rice (and enough food to have leftovers for lunch the next day!).  My husband got the pork fried rice, and it was a huge, tasty portion.  Thankfully, the servers were quick with water refills, because all that saltiness makes you thirsty!Another perk - Thai Cuisine is BYOB!  I truly wish we'd planned on our visit last night, so we could have brought a bottle of wine with us (the closest liquor store is down on Butler Street, so a bit of a hike if you're walking), but we just happened to be in the area when my Thai food craving hit.  I am so glad Thai Cuisine was there to supply the delicious food that I needed!
3	fyi--no delivery!  still good for our purposes--carry out friday night.  RED CURRY soaked in sugar (but that's what makes it authentic!)PAD THAI passable but skimped on the green onions (definitely more authentic compared to whatever it is they call pad thai at Lulu's Noodles)YUM YAI salad nothing special but the SAUCE hit the spotTOM KHA GHA too heavy on the oil compared to better versions in my memoryfor the price and proximity, will return probably for another carry out friday night but will probably head somewhere else if dining-in!
4	This is my local Thai food place. It's not necessarily my favorite, or the best around but here's why I like it:-It's good. I've liked everything I've ordered.-It's dependable. Things are consistently good, and I order here fairly often.-They usually get the spice right (of what you ask for on a scale of 1-10)- It's better than the other one that is a block away. I don't know what other people have to say about this because I hear conflicting opinions of Thai Cuisine and Thai Gourmet, but I have tried them both and can say that I just like this one more. My favorite dish is the green curry. Most veg packed and the tofu option is a great combination (I'm not a veg, but I eat veg often). I really like the way their tofu is steamed, its creamy and delicious in the thin curry sauce. I usually prefer a thicker curry but something about this curry really works as a thin texture - pretty soupy. But it's light and delicious and I am usually drinking it out of the bottom of my bowl like soup. I get take-out here quite often, and it is always ready fairly quickly, but I really wish they would deliver so I would not have to move my lazy, hungover ass out of my house. The dining experience is OK. BYOB is a great plus, but the interior leaves a lot to be desired. The service is always great. Friendly and accommodating and the manager is always there to greet with a smile.
3	This thai place was....ok.I got the mango curry dish. I mean, it was okay? Wasn't anything special though.... he got the basil fried rice...and he sure enjoyed it...I think I've definitely tried better thai food though. It's your typical restaurant- but..... I wish there was some kick to it, or some.... more originality? It was just okay.....Service was superb though. The waiter was constantly around to fill out water glasses. A+ for the service, for sure!
4	I've been here twice so far and it is actually very good. I'm extremely judgmental when it comes to thai food and though the food wasn't perfect (but it was satisfying) i'm still going to give it four stars because I have yet to find a better thai place in Pittsburgh that isn't a murderously long drive away from our house.
4	Why haven't I revewied Thai Cuisine before?! I was feeling ridiculously lazy tonight so I ordered delivery from them for the millionth time (available through Wheel Deliver, FYI) and I felt like they deserved some recognition since I have never had a negative experience here.There isn't much to say about Thai Cuisine, really. The name says it all--straight-up, no frills Thai. They aren't trying to do anything creative or fusiony, they just make good food. First things first, I'm obsessed with fresh spring rolls so for a restaurant to become my primary Thai destination, it has to get those right. Thai Cuisine's are not the best I've ever had, but they are definitely up there as one of my favorites in Pittsburgh. Soft, fresh, and big...nothing's worse than a puny spring roll that is practically frozen from sitting in a refrigerator all day (ahem...Thai Place). So since Thai Cuisine passes the spring roll test, I can talk about their other food, which is all delicious. My favorite is the Pineapple Curry, but I've liked everything I've tried here. If you're one of those people who doesn't venture past Pad Thai, don't worry, that's good too. As a bonus, the portions here are pretty large so the prices are pretty reasonable for the amount of food you get.The most reliable Thai place I've found so far in the city (although I haven't tried them all yet).
5	Always delicious, i think the best dish I've had here is the Thai Eggplant dish with whatever kind of meat or tofu you want.  Their Tom Yum is also amazing.  Have been here several times and I love it
4	This place is aces for dinner. I've never been at lunchtime but have always been impressed with their dinner service. They're always busy but manage to have a swift table turnover. The BYOB/W makes it even better. It's nice to be able to bring my own and splurge on dessert.I have the massaman curry pretty frequently. I also love the tom kha chicken soup.
4	DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY IT'S COVER.A hidden gem, this place is phenomenal - best Thai food I've ever had. You need to go here.
1	I agree 100% on Maggie G's review. Over priced, bad food, and Pittsburgh DOESN'T know GOOD Thai food.. Plus $40 bucks on Take out...seriously? Ill pass I've had better Thai for less. Yellow Curry (Ive added a picture of exactly how watery the curry truly is ) (x2) Spring Rolls (2 per order)Dumplings (5 per order) Wontons (4/5 per order)_____________40 BUCKSIll stick to Bangkok Balcony. No more trying out different Thai places in the city. I rather not waste my money on watered down curries and bland dishes which seems to be the norm for the Pittsburgh Thai scene.
4	Bummer. Closed until the end of January 2012 for renovations.
5	Great Thai food - ambiance is great, good service, great food!
5	Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food! Service is excellent!!! We're kind of regulars now and we always get lucky to be served by this white guy who is awesome and polite. Their food is a little expensive but its so good. Try their tum yum veggie soup!!!! My favorite!
3	Before commenting on the food for this place I have to state that I am not the biggest fun of Asian cuisine.  I was found over there accidentally, since my friends wanted to go there.  Despite this fact I found it interesting place.  The food was well cooked and tasty.  Service was fast and in general a nice, warm atmosphere.  For the record, my company that is into Asian food, love this place (so I assume it is a nice place for whoever likes eastern cuisine).
5	I didn't quite realize how much I love Thai Cuisine until they closed for a few months to remodel. Their absence was deeply felt. Now that they are back in action, the restaurant is better than ever! It is now fully handicapped accessible, with a bright clean new dining room and multiple bathroom stalls. I was worried that the prices may increase due to the remodel, but no, they are the same. The food, also same, if not improved. The Tom Kha soup is as awesome as can be and our entrees were perfectly delicious. They still feature a separate vegetarian menu to make ordering easy. Most anything on the vegetarian menu is or can be vegan (just ask about egg - veg items do not contain fish sauce or shrimp paste). And the service has always been excellent.
4	I was SO in the mood for Mexican I could taste the salt water of the Gulf all the way from Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, my favorite Mexican joint was closed, Lot 17 smelled like the day after a frat party, so Thai Cuisine it was.  So - you know when you're really looking forward to one thing, so the next thing will just stink in comparison? That's how a felt. Even as a Thai-lover, I just couldn't imagine anything other than chimichangas, and I don't even LIKE chimichangas.  Well, Thai Cuisine turned my Mexican frown completely upside down.I started with the fresh Thai rolls; a deliciously fresh spring roll that almost gave Trams' spring rolls a run for their money...almost.  For my main course I chose the day's special - Winter Curry with Shrimp.  A delightfully sweet mix of large shrimp, perfectly cooked potatoes and vegetables PLUS an amazing thai-type of squash similar to pumpkin swimming in luxurious creamy curry, this meal demands a return trip. Terrific, simply terrific (BYOB, btw).  Our server was incredible to boot, so yay for Thai Cuisine.  Kind of a boring title though - might I suggest "Thai My Hands & Call Me Satisfied!"  Wait - no, that came out wrong...
5	My wife and I have been coming to Thai Cuisine for many years now even though it's almost a 2.5 hours drive from our house (round trip). We both love Thai food and Thai Cuisine is still the best we've ever had (2nd best so far is in Virginia Beach, VA).Their Pad See Ew, Three Flavor Chicken, and Thai Spring Rolls are our regular favorites. We also love having their Mango Sticky Rice for desert when it is in season.
3	Came here for lunch on a weekday with the bf and during our meal, I noticed it started to get really crowded, which meant this place is a go to spot for Thai food. The lunch prices here are very affordable and the service was friendly. The fried wonton pieces they gave us before our meal was sort of stale though. Anyway, I got the pad see ew and it was okay, borderline pretty good. It wasn't as flavorful as I hoped it would be compared to the other Thai restaurants I've been to, but again, it was still good, just not memorable. You also get a good amount of food too for the lunch specials. We ended our meal with the mango & sweet rice dessert and it was tasty. The rice was cooked perfectly and the mango was ripe and sweet. Overall the food was good (A-ok), but I sort of feel like I've had more flavorful Thai food at other restaurants. But I can see why people come here for a quick and affordable lunch especially if you are craving Thai food.
3	I've had better Thai food, but curry was very tasty (had the Red Bean Curry). Red flag when we were served generic green tea (bag) in diner style mugs?!? & charged $2 for a 6oz mug of hit water?!! Green Tea should be served in a tea pot & cups (not mugs). Prefer the other Thai place 2 blocks away - more authentic!
4	My aunt picked this place after she heard we were vegetarians. Normally, when someone suggests a place with all kinds of fake meat on the menu, I will insist on finding a better option, but she assured me it was good so I just went with it.I guess I underestimated their ability to prepare fake meat... serving a Jewish community does mean that many customers are vegetarian outside their home. Mike and I both went with fake duck dishes... mine (basil sauce) was decidedly better than his (don't remember... something bland). The appetizers were all pretty standard, but nothing stood out as particularly good or bad. Overall, 3-star food, plus vegetarian options, plus byob... it's a low 4.
2	blandest thai food in pittsburgh I think.  You could really just walk down a few blocks and spend less for better food.  I think the only people that like the food are vegatarians since they have fake meats.  Their sauces literally are all the same, their curries are bad, and everything is way more expensive than it should be.  Their new facade is ugly as can be too.  It looks like someone used some old floor tile from a kitchen and used it as brick for the front of the building.  Looked way better before.D-
3	I have mixed thoughts about this place.  The first time I had food from here was when I was working and a  couple of co-workers wanted Thai.  It's nice that we have a place so convenient to our hospital.  Unfortunately during that time, I had to wait an extra 20 minutes past the estimated pick-up time for our order before receiving the food.  The order was received correctly, however my tofu pad thai just tasted a bit bland.  Not sure they got the sauce right or something.  It's not that it wasn't edible, it just wasn't very tasty.  Kind of meh, if you will.Fast forward 3 weeks later when my co-workers and I went out to eat at the restaurant this time around.  The service was decent and the food was fantastic.  I had the spicy noodles which was a great mix of thick noodles, veggies and tofu.  Just a couple of critiques:  I think it's stupid that they charge you $1 extra per person for BYOB.  Also, their policy which states no separate checks for parties of 5 or more, is kind of annoying.  Otherwise, I'd consider eating here if you're in the area.  Though it is worth nothing a far superior Thai restaurant, Pusadee's Garden, is right up the street.
5	Friendly Service. Fresh Veggies! At only 1 dollar a person for BYOB and no corkage this place is a steal! The price is right too! If you are a veggie, curry, wine lover who loves family style friendly service, then this place is for you!
4	Good food every time.We get a lot of take-out from here and occasionally dine-in.  All noodle dishes are great.Tofu saute appetizer is a favorite of ours.Soup is yummy too!
3	Food was not bad (I ordered the green curry chicken), but their poor choice of plates and cups (tea cups were like diner coffee mugs) didn't feel very authentic. I would order for take out instead next time.
4	Pretty good and decently priced for a Thai place. I was sick when I went there (the ginger tea helped me quite a bit). The wait staff was very friendly and came over to ask if we needed anything on a regular basis even though it was close to 10pm.Spicy noodles were great. We also ordered the lychee curry, which I thought was ok, but nothing too spectacular. All in all a good place for decent thai food in pittsburgh.
4	Great currys. Affordable. And not super fancy. This place is within walking distance to my house which clearly means it's perfect for a quick dinner, or to walk over and get carry out. I enjoy eating thai food at least once a week so this place has become a pleasant staple in my diet.mussaman and panang curry are my go to eats here. and I strongly believe that I could live on it (and i'm trying to)oh and crab rangoon is totally not thai, but delightful nonetheless.
1	They only deliver through WheelDeliver.com
4	My Thai food world tour took a detour to nowhere for a while... but I'm back on! And what a triumphant return it was!! I had wanted to try Thai Cuisine for a while but was held up by their remodel. Since I wasn't in before, I can't compare to the old, but I'm digging the new look! It's fresh and vibrant, with a friendly staff and comfy booths. They're winning with me already...We were seated quickly, and almost as our butts hit the booth, there was a bowl of fried noodles and sweet n' sour sauce dropped off like lightning! Bonus points! Being totally committed to trying Pad Thai at every Thai place in the Burgh, you know what I ordered. Okay, you really want to know? Pad Thai with shrimp.So here's the thing. I really liked the Pad Thai noodles and sauce. It was a huge portion that I ate entirely (lay off me, I'm starving!!) and it was very saucy (just the way I like it!). I was not into the shrimp. It tasted fishy. Like suspicious fishy. I couldn't put my finger on it. Was it unfrozen recently? Did it have freezer burn? Was it sitting out too long? I couldn't tell. But the one thing I knew was that it was not fresh. Bummer. It also came with this weird side salad on the plate. It was had a really thick, almost disgustingly so, peanut dressing with a touch of iceberg lettuce. I took a couple bites and gave up. Methinks not!So mental note, next time don't order the shrimp. But seriously, this was the closest I've had to my favorite Pad Thai in the city, Spice Island in Oakland. I promise you, I'll order something different next time I go back!!
5	Oh my, Thai Cuisine, how I miss living a few blocks from you.  This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I couldn't even begin to count the number of times that I have been to this place. I mean it when I say everything is delicious.  I have had multiple curries, noodles, and apps, and none have disappointed.A few of my favorites, Chicken Dumplings (steamed or fried), Thai Spring Rolls, Pad Thai (naturally), Thai Cuisine Bird Nest, and Spicy Basil Noodles.  Service here is always on point, even when they're busy.  This place is BYOB, so bring your favorite adult bevie and enjoy. While a smaller restaurant, they happily can accommodate larger parties. While they don't deliver, you can get take out, so you can bring home a yummy Thai treat.I need to go here again asap!!! :)
4	I just went to Thai Cuisine for the first time since it was updated last week and boy has it changed for the better. The decor and space was a tad dingy and dated before. Now its clean and modern. Large decorative shades flow from the ceiling and tasteful artwork hangs on the walls. Even the flatware has been updated. It immediately felt cozier.Now the big test: did the food get updated?I rarely stray from the Chicken Pad Thai here so naturally it was an easy choice. It came out steaming. So hot in fact I couldn't even take an immediate bite and I have a metal mouth.I'm happy to report after it cooled down that the dish had been prepared to match the new look and feel of Thai Cuisine. The sauce was tangy. The bean sprouts were crispy. And the chicken was sliced and cooked to perfection. The dish was drastically better than the last time I had Pad Thai here.Now Thai Cuisine may not be my all-time favorite Thai food in Pittsburgh but this experience has most certainly put it back in the running.Welcome back Thai Cuisine.
3	Still sticking with my original rating.  Just had dinner here last night.  The decor is great with the new remodel and all, and the food is still solid.  I give it 3 stars because I find it to be good/serviceable Thai food, but certainly not the best in the city.  I had the eggplant dish, which was hot, fresh and tasty, but what disappointed me was the lack of requested spice (level 9).  When I ask for something to be spicy, make it spicy.  Simple request, no?  Nevertheless, I still recommend this restaurant because the quality is good, the service is good and price is right.  A great spot in the Bloomfield neighborhood for sure.
3	Hit or miss, for me. The service here is excellent. I've only gotten take-out, but the lady who always seems to be handling orders is super nice. That's a huge plus. I've tried a few things here and I like them - their pad thai is good, as are their basil noodles. I really love their tom yum soup. The thing that makes me sad is the curry. I have tried the panang, green and red curries here and ...they kind of taste the same, which is disappointing. I blame this on the coconut milk, because the three times I have ordered  curries from there, they were all extremely watery/milky and the coconut milk overpowered the rest of the flavor. Unfortunately, the milk seemed to dilute the spice as well (that or my level 5 green curry was spiced identically to my boyfriend's level 9 panang curry). They were still tasty, for sure, but coconut milk soup isn't what I normally expect for my curry. I'd suggest their noodle dishes without reservation, but for curry, I'd point someone down a few blocks to Thai Gourmet.
2	Let me start this by saying I got on the wrong bus and ended up walking from Garfield to Bloomfield and then once in Bloomfield I proceeded to get lost behind West Penn Hospital. With that being said I was hoping that all my stumbling around in the elements would not be in vain.   The food at Thai Cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction. I ordered Threes Company: shrimp, scallops and calamari in a Thai chili sauce. The sauce is my favorite part of a Thai meal but Thai Cuisine came up short here. What I enjoy must about a Thai chili sauce is the complexity of flavors but this sauce in my dish was your standard thin runny brown sauce.  The kind that comes with lets say beef and broccoli.  I think the menu description was misleading and had I known it would be brown sauce I would have ordered something else.  Some of the onions in my dish were cold which leads me to believe that the food was not cooked to order or at least not all of it.  There was plenty of shrimp in the dish and the calamari tasted great, but the dish lacked flavor. The carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition.For my hubby I ordered the Thai steak , it tasted like a frozen salisbury steak dinner and salisbury steak just so happens to be one my least favorite foods.  Had I not sampled his dinner this would have been a solid three star review. I see no reason to go back here.
4	Great location!
4	First time at Thai Cuisine since the revamp.When I lived in Friendship a decade ago I frequented Thai Cuisine and never had a bad meal there.  When the wife was craving some Thai food I suggested we try my old stomping grounds especially since I noticed it's been remodeled. I realized that the place is half the size of the old set up which makes for a better atmosphere.  Everything is still new and clean.  Dark colors and somewhat dim lighting make for an intimate meal even when the bright sun is shining in through the window overlooking Liberty Avenue.The service was great, almost too attentive.  We had our waters filled every time we took a sip.  Our meals came quickly, almost too quick, making us think too much prep work is done.  The food was really good though.  We each got a bowl of soup.  The wife got the Tom Yum with Shrimp.  It was hot and sour in a good way.  There were three nice sized shrimp in the broth and tasted fresh.  I got the Tom Kha with shrimp, which was excellent.  The coconut broth was smooth and delicious.  I always enjoy this dish and make sure I try it everywhere.  Thai Cuisine balanced this soup very well.  We then shared a massive plate of Pad Thai with veggies and tofu.  The pad thai was good, but not great.  The portion was huge, definitely shareable especially after eating a bowl of soup.  I wasn't impressed however with the amount of veggies in the dish or the amount of sauce.  It lacked both and might get to great with a bit more of each.  Also, the veggies seemed wilted and not really fresh.  So, in short. Thai Cuisine is a good, but not great Thai option in Pittsburgh.
5	One of my favorite Thai places in the city.There isn't one complaint I have about this little place.  The hostess greeted us and gave us a choice of tables.  The waiter introduced himself and gave his recommendations on the menu.  We ordered an appetizer, meal, and dessert.  He did not rush our meal, which was fabulous.Dessert....we had the mango with sticky rice...delicious.  This was a new item that I tried and I was pleasantly surprised.There isn't much that will keep me away from this wonderful place.
4	Stopped in here for lunch. I don't exactly remember what I ordered because it was a few weeks ago but it was something like spicy basil noodles. It was truly excellent. The soba noodles were cooked great and the sauce was tasty. I ordered spicy level 5 but should have gone with something just a bit spicier. My fiance got a spicy basil rice dish but some of the vegetables in his rice were cold. Otherwise we really enjoyed the meal and I believe the lunch price was something like $6.95 or $7.95. The service was great and we had our waters refilled several times throughout the meal. Would definitely go back again.
5	Sweet holy father of dishes I cannot pronounce, I worship thee.There are many great thai places in the Pittsburgh region but this one is really the bees knees. I have eaten here many, many times and have never had a bad experience. I believe it's BYOB, if you're feeling frisky.When I think about their spicy basil noodles, I cry tears of longing and desire.5/5 hot wet kisses.
5	Would rather eat here than anywhere else in the world. Green curry. Pad Thai. Yum yum yum yum yum. 5 Yums on the yum scale. And addictive.
5	Awesome!  We ate here several times and everything was very good.  Good service, clean place, and the noodles...
5	Great food, good atmosphere, great service. The waiter was really on top of the water refills which is key for a place serving spicy food. Food was really good. They have a 1-10 scale for spiciness. I had a 4 with my dish and turned out perfect for me (not so spicy that I had to guzzle water, but enough to add to the flavor).
5	Thai Cuisine changed us. My dining companion and I like to explore a menu, trying a bunch of different things. Yet, we both repeated our original orders (Pumpkin Green Curry for me and Spicy Noodles for him) on the second trip. We always share our meals so we get to try two instead of one. Yet, neither of us let the other have a single bite, or even asked for one. With a fun waitstaff, no reservations needed, under $20 per person meals, BYO, and, consistently good food, we will return. Maybe next time we will explore and share... But I wouldn't count on it...
5	Thai Cuisine is the BEST Thai in town!  Hands down.  I've visited most of the other thai places in town (Nicky's Thai Kitchen, Bangcock Balcony, Thai Gourmet, Thai Me Up, Thai Place (fox chapel and shadyside) and they are all inferior to thai cuisine in bloomfield.  Thai cuisine's curries are always sublime.  As my husband said, their curries are like "a party in my mouth".  The flavors are sublimely mixed, like perfect artistry.  Since it open over 10 years ago, I have been a fan.  I know them on a first name basis as I've been going there for their curry for so long.  Their noodle dishes are good, but the curry is where they surpass everyone in town.  PS I still have to try "the Smiling Banana Leaf", but I'm always so disappointed by the amount of fish sauce in all of the other curries in town that I can't take trying out new thai places in town anymore.  None of them compare. I am the poster child for this place and I tell everyone who comes to Pittsburgh, who will listen, that they must get there asap.
5	I love this restaurant! I do think it's the best Thai place in town. The curry is amazing and i love the appetizers. Anything I've ever gotten here is great. The service is also very good and the staff is always friendly.
5	Love the front stand lady who does take out,  always pleasant and smiling. Favorite thai food in the burgh! Yummmmmmmm!
5	Excellent Thai food. The red curry, crab fried rice and Pad Thai were very good as was the seafood soup.  Service was awesome!
3	It is okay for the food, but really not what I expected. The green curry is actually yellow curry, oh well.
4	If you're looking for straight-forward good Thai food then Thai Cuisine is the place to go. No frills, BYOB, no spa-like music simple Thai. It was quite good-I can't say it was an over the moon astounding, mind blowing, life changing experience, but it was good and what you want when you go for Thai food. My husband had the spicy duck and it had good flavor, although more of a 5 than 7 on a 1-10 spicy scale. Really good. I had spicy noodles chillin' at my standard 7 on the 1-10 scale. I can't complain. The noodles were great and the vegetables were deliciously cooked (I tend to go vegetarian). I will say the dumplings and spring rolls we had as appetizers were a notch above what we've had elsewhere in Pitt. We will definitely go back!
4	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Our waitress was excellent.  The food is really good.  The glass noodle salad has so many fresh flavors going on, it felt like summer - quite welcome in the middle of a cold winter spell.  Their dumplings are nice and big while the dough is still light and thin.  They have a separate vegetarian menu.  Though I am not a vegetarian, I'm sure it is a nice touch for those who are.  Their daily specials are a nice change from the standard Thai fare at so many restaurants.  They are great about tailoring spice levels.  I have a family member who is Thai and prefers the Thai restaurant down the street, however, I'm sticking with Thai Cuisine as my favorite.
5	Thai Cuisine is my go-to restaurant here in Pittsburgh. I didn't discover it until I had lived in Pittsburgh for almost a year, but since then, my friends and I have been going almost weekly--I think it's becoming an addiction.They have a good number of tables and a couple of booths, so seating has never been an issue, even when we're with a larger group. The staff are friendly and incredibly attentive; I don't think I've ever had a glass of water that was less than three-quarters full. The food arrives at your table less than 10 minutes after the waiter takes your order. Their spice levels are pretty on point and range from 1-10, but you can always ask for the spice rack if you need an extra kick. I've tried almost all their noodle dishes and a handful of the curries and nothing has disappointed. They make one of the best Pad Thais I've ever eaten. They also have specials that are ever rotating, which makes it nice if you're looking to try something new. In general, everything is flavorful and you get what you order. Portions are sufficient for a solid meal and very reasonably priced.I might venture and say that this is one of the best Thai places in Pittsburgh, but I know that's highly debated here. I'll just say that it's one of the most reliable Thai places I've ever gone to and I'm happy to frequent it regularly.
2	A year later, prices have increased 70% and the quality of food have declined. Customer service is still superb though. Today, I ordered a pad-see-yew with beef level 5 - was made in an old pan with burnt scraps, 25% beef in dish only, there were clumps of chili not blended in the dish, and was drenched in oil. Another dish, red curry with chicken, was always lacking chicken pieces, they've increased prices and cut back on portions and quality, which happens quite often to good restaurants gone bad. Sad to say, this used to be my favorite place, but now we will never return and we are currently looking for another Thai place to be our go-to.
4	Top Tier Thai.  Best Green Curry in the city.We've been there twice, once for lunch, and once for dinner.  Both were great, with nice service, and excellent food.  The big hit the first time was the Tofu Green Curry.  Every restaurant in the city that has a "Vegetarian Option" on the menu needs to go here and try this dish.  It is so good, with each ingredient having its own place in the dish.  Not just a mash of veggies in a thick green curry.  Truly one of the best curries I've ever had.  It makes a dish that has become boring in most other places truly exciting.  We had it again the second time and it was exceptional again.Our second dish was a whole spicy fish, which was also very good, and a nice compliment to the curry.  First time, at lunch, I think I had a shrimp prik pow, and that was also very nice.The Ginger Tea is also great.  As we were finishing dinner last time, I commented that the curry is so good that next time we'd have to try the Pad Thai.  That's a dish we hardly ever get when its just the two of us, because it can be a bit generic, a safe choice for those that don't know or really like Thai food.  But it IS the national dish of a truly world-class cuisine, and given what they do with the green curry, we thought, "I bet it's really something special"As we were leaving, the owner thanked us for coming, and as we discussed the meal a bit she said "Oh, you have to try the Pad Thai!  The best in the city!"  I bet that's true, and can't wait to have another dish that's usually a bit of a yawn, turn out to be a real surprise in the hands of this great Thai restaurant.
4	I dream of the panang curry from thai cuisine. It's so delicious. Service here is great and ordering over the phone is a breeze. We start with thai iced teas which are sweet and delicious. The tom kah soup or dumplings are great to start. We get tom kah with veggies and extra spicy. It is so good. Like I said the panang curry is so good. It has lots of broccoli and we get it with chicken and veggies. It can get really spicy so be aware. The spicy basil noodles, spicy thai fried rice, and the pad se ew are other favorites! Take out is great- usually 20-30 minutes. Packed up and waiting for you. It's byob so if you eat in grab a six pack!
3	Pittsburgh has very few good Thai resturants. I ordered here for delivery. It was the best delivery I found in my area for good Pad Se Ew. They only have delivery through Wheel Deliver , which makes it too expensive really to order ofter(would have been five stars if not for the outragious fees to order via wheel deliver). But the food was so dang good! So go in and takeout or sit down.
4	Great service and fantastic food. We were short on time coming in and I was fresh off a rough day of work and en route to a breastfeeding class with my wife.    After a failed first entry in an Italian joint that wasn't going to cut it in 45 minutes or allow me to be awake after, we stopped here.   My wife and I both got curry, her a 2, me a 7 and it was great, I would recommend if you are in the area. I really needed a beer that day and they do not have any..and sit across from several places with great happy hours and microbrews...aw well, if you want good Thai Food in Bloomfield this is your place
3	First of all, despite my hatred for PF Changs, I love their lettuce wraps. I'd do dirty, horrible things for their lettuce wraps. These lettuce wraps were not PF Changs lettuce wraps. The search for PF Changs comparable lettuce wraps continues. Besides that, the food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary for Thai food, but it was a little overpriced for the servings that they were offering as well as the quality.
4	Jack was a wonderful server and made some amazing "not on the menu" recommdations for our order. He was fast, friendly & was thoughtful about his suggestions based on what we were asking for.Our meal was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend had a spicy curry dish with faux duck and I had thin rice noodles with chicken and shrimp. I love that they will cater your dish to the amount of spice you want. Often, I want to try certain dishes but stay away from anything labeled "spicy" because I'm a baby!We left completely satisfied and I would definitely recommend this place!
3	With the not-so-recent closing of Sweet Basil still looming in my mind, I have yet to find a new thai food home.  I headed to Thai Cuisine with high hopes and several positive reviews from friends.The service was good, decor so-so, and prices were great.  In fact, I double-checked the bill because I thought the waitress may have forgotten to add an entree, it was that reasonably priced!  The food was good, solid thai food.  My mind wasn't blown, nor was I disappointed.  I think all thai restaurants need to unite and decide on a single "heat scale" to rule them all.  Some places it's 1-5, some 1-10, and I've even seen a 1-7 thrown in here and there.  The problem is, they are all subjective to the cook.I ordered a 7 out of 10 and got back something milder than mild buffalo wing hot.  I think I ruined the food a little by adding my own mix of chilis.  My wife loved her curry, and my pad thai wasn't bad.  I'd go back, but the search continues...
5	very delicious and good service. byob, which is a dream. love this place.
4	Delicious - veg curries, veg fried rice, all had a good balance of flavor.  while the food was very tasty, the fried tofu was a bit too oily.  they do a good job of estimating spice levels (by asking for a 1-10 preference).  the restaurant is nicely appointed with comfortable seating.  prices are OK.  veg friendly - we ordered vegan prep and all the dishes were compliant.
5	I will start my review by saying that I am not a Thai food expert, but I love Thai Cuisine!  My friends have a hard time talking me into trying any other Thai restaurant as I keep coming back here.  I'm hooked!
5	Having tried the gamut of Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, I always return to Thai Cuisine. The food is delicious, the service is friendly, prices are reasonable, and they're byob! My go-to is the pad see ew, with tom kha soup but their other noodle dishes and curries are great too.
5	My favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh. My family and I have been going here for years. The owners and other staff are such friendly people.They have an extensive vegan / vegetarian menu and are willing to accommodate any dietary need. Be sure to let your server know if you are vegan or have issue with dairy as the curry contains milk but can be omitted. The only negative thing about this place is that they are closed on Mondays.
5	Me and my friend had a "Bangkok Seafood" and a "Thai Treasure Hot Pot". Both of them were very delicious, except the yellow curry in the seafood didn't seem quite well dissolved. To be fair, it happens a lot for Thai/Indian food, which therefore didn't bother us enjoy our great dinner.
4	Been back several times and it's still our favorite Thai in Pittsburgh. The pad Thai is very good, with a slight smoky flavor that keeps you coming back for more. It's a light pad this, not thick and gloopy, so your friends who only know to eat the pad Thai (assuming you have such friends) won't feel overloaded by their dinner. I now know not to eat green curry anywhere else! Did that recently on a trip to England and was bummed.
5	A haiku:Yum Yum Yum Yum YumGood Oh My God So Good YesYum Yum Yum Yum YumHere is a story about the time I had a MAJOR FAIL:I lived in Bloomfield just blocks from this place, and I never ate here.  The end.Seriously, what the hell is wrong with me that today was the first time I ate here?  Also,if you eat lunch here during your work day, you should know the rest of your day will feel like a giant let down.This place looks like a dive from the outside.  Its actually pretty cute inside.  They are really affordable.  I had the Pineapply Curry with tofu, and my friend had the Eggplant something, I cna't remember, but he liked it.The lemongrass soup is good and spicy and the cripy spring roll is delicious and small, so you're ready for your entree.  I loved mine.  I ate the whole thing and I dont even feel guilty.  This place is delicious, and I will definetly be back!
5	Some of the best Thai we've had!  Awesome flavors, large menu, wonderful service - will return often and recommend this restaurant to our friends and family.
4	Thai Cuisine is a cozy and welcoming Thai spot on Liberty right in the middle of Bloomfield. I've walked by this place so many times, and I'm glad I finally made plans to eat here. When it comes to Thai food, I'm a bit of a broken record. I love Pad Sew and Pad Thai dishes, and typically insist the table gets at least one. Our table ordered the Pad See Ew, a calamari special, and I ordered a bowl of the Tom Yum Soup. The Pad See Ew was delicious, and felt like the perfect comfort food on a colder evening. We ordered it with veggies, and they were perfectly cooked--not too soggy, but also not too crunchy. I was pleasantly surprised by the Thai calamari we had, it wasn't something I'd typically order at a Thai place, but the sauce was awesome, and the little fried calamari's rivaled that of the best Italian places. The Tom Yum soup is soon to be my new go to dish. Once again, it has that feeling of comfort food. Judging on the proximity of this place to my house, I can tell I will be ordering this for take out often. We did something very out of character for the group and ordered dessert after eating. I'm not a sweets girl, but EVERYONE SHOULD TRY THE DESSERT HERE. I can't recommend the dessert rice dishes more, they were spectacular. We had one with rice and mango--it's almost like a sweet risotto. Their desserts rotate on a seasonal basis, but they typically will have a rice one on the menu. It's a unique flavor that can't be missed.I'm sure I will be back again soon with a bottle of wine (BYOB), and an empty stomach.
4	I love Thai food and the food here is fantastic! There are lots of great Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, but this is definitely one of my favorites. There are not may places that make great pad thai and great red curry, but this place does. Service is always good and the food comes out well prepared and quickly. I keep wanting to try something new, but the old standbys are so good that I haven't really veered away from them.
5	If you get nothing else here, get the tom kha soup. It is seriously the best I've ever had anywhere. I'm not trying to be hyperbolic. But this tom kha soup is the standard for which I compare all other tom kha soups. I've yet to find its match. It is truly delicious. I usually get the veggie variation (loaded up with silky smooth tofu and tons of veggies!) but any variation is just as wonderful. I just returned home from a trip to Thai Cuisine with some friends. The environment is comforting and warm. I love the lights strewn along the windows! They just add to the coziness of the place. After getting the obligatory veggie tom kha soup, I got the green curry with shrimp. Others in my party got the yellow curry and the panang curry and everyone was pleased with their choices. The green curry was a perfect balance of sweet and spicy and the veggies were nice and crisp.They were featuring their mango and sticky rice dessert. I had a bite of my friend's and I was sad that I was too full to have a dessert of my own! As we rolled out of our booth, totally stuffed and satisfied, we all proclaimed that this was the best decision we could have made with our night. Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in the city!
4	The Tom Kha is delicious. All of the curry's hit the spot as well, my favorite is the red bean. Thai Cuisine has many traditional dishes as well, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before. As far as my decade of experience goes here, all of the food is good.
4	As the saying goes, when one Thai food door closes, another Thai food door opens...It was Sunday afternoon. We were hungry and we wanted Thai. We walked up to Thai Gourmet, our usual go-to Thai spot, and were greeted by a "closed" sign on the door. They don't open until 5 on Sundays?!  But I want Thai food NOWWWWW (feeling very Veruca Salt that day). Dejected, I walked my rumbly tummy up Liberty Ave, and lo and behold, another Thai restaurant appears a few blocks up. Whine and ye shall receive.After perusing the menu, we decide to take out some chicken pad thai and another dish called "three flavored chicken." Both solid choices. The pad thai portion was huge and chock full of the good stuff (they did not skimp on the meat or veggies in here!)  The sauce was flavorful and plentiful, yet light...not overly thick, oily, or sticky, as some pad thai sauces can be. The "three flavored chicken" was also tasty with its crispy, breaded chunks of white meat chicken. The sauce was interesting and unlike anything I've ever had before. Despite its name, I really only tasted two flavors that dominated the sauce -- vinegar (sour) and sugar (sweet). It could have used some spice to round it out, but even so, it was still delicious. I do wish it had some broccoli or other vegetable in it so I at least felt a little less guilty about eating copious amounts of fried chicken chunks :)  And overall, for our tastes, both dishes definitely could have kicked up the spice intensity. We had ordered both at a level 8, and as I said, I couldn't really detect any spice at all. So if that was an 8, next time I'll probably order a 33. :)Overall, this is very yummy Thai food. I'm not sure that it will replace my usual go-to Thai spot, but it'll definitely be high on my list!
5	Mhm!!! I've been coming to Thai cuisine for about two years now. It's one of my top two favorite Thai places in the burgh. First off... They have one of the best lunches in the burgh as far as Thai goes. They have these amazing crispy noodles that are served to every table for lunch. They are served with a sweet Thai sauce on the side.. So tasty! Their lunch portions are awesome too. Every meal comes with a small side salad served with a light peanut sauce. The peanut sauce is amazing. I usually stick with one of two items when I eat here, not because I don't believe their other items are good.. It's just that I am THAT in love with their tofu/chicken pad Thai and their sweet and sour chicken. Their pad Thai is awesome... Super flavorful! Their dinner and lunch portion are both huge. The sweet and sour chicken is awesome- they give you tons of sauce and tons of veggies. Thai cuisine is also byob and service has been perfect every time that I have gone. I love love love this place and it's always a special treat to come to Bloomfield and eat at Thai cuisine.
4	This place never fails! Curry is amazing. I always get the red bean curry. The service is always fast and courteous. Perfect to sit in and done or to-go. Its BYOB so feel free to bring a beer or wine bottle.
2	Okay Thai food, nothing special, and overpriced. Ordered the eggplant with shrimp, veggie fried rice, and chicken satay. Eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp. The veggie fried rice and chicken satay were both substandard as far as other Thai food restaurants in the area. It is pricier than most other Thai places in the area and based on the quality, I would not recommend.
