5	The good, good people at Lawrence (the restaurant) have now opened a "boucherie de quartier" and they've hit the ground running.  The space is airy, minimal, and beautiful, the coolers are fully stocked (chicken, lamb, pork, beef, sausages, charcuterie, smoked fish), the walk-in features a huge, full-length window so you can check out their lovely stock in all its glory, the prep area is open and brightly lit, and they're offering sandwiches that are already among the very best in all of Mile End (if not beyond).  Today's choices included smoked ham, roast beef, and porchetta, and they all came fully loaded on house-baked bread or rolls.  Other pluses include house-made yogurt, free-range eggs, and my absolute favourite Canadian cheese:  PEI's Avonlea cloth-bound cheddar.  Good coffee, too.  And all of this was on Day 1.  By the weekend of Week 1 they'd added a beautiful roasted chicken sandwich with cucumbers and capers (weekends only) and some plump, sweet, and briny Green Gables oysters (P.E.I.) to the mix, and I'd already had two great experiences with their grass-fed, grain-finished beef.   Quite a start!  Can't wait to see where things go from here.
4	I passed by at the end of day hungry and disappointed that they were out of the sandwiches I'd heard about, but when I asked the owner for suggestions on what I could eat asap she immediately said: ribs. Yes. One bag of smoked ribs to go please. The bag cost $12 and she threw in a full loaf of sourdough bread. Let's stop for a second and talk about how hard it is to find actual sour dough in Montreal. It ain't easy to get the proper sour flavour you taste in SF and think about for ages afterwards. But the boucherie bread is perfect. It's certainly not what they're all about (the sausages! the steaks! oh my!) which makes the perfection of it all the more noteworthy and appreciated. The ribs though the ribs - dry smoked, sweet with a crackling heat... ideal for picnics.
5	Beautiful meat products from well raised animals in local farms. The head butcher Marc is awesome and very helpful. Great sandwiches too.
5	I used to live in Texas, studied there for a while, and often you'd see these t-shirts that said "F... you, we're from Texas". I hated those at the time; such an ostentatious stupid macho display of bravado. Yet now I get what they were saying: we're proud of our ultra-conservative gun-toting abortion opposing gay-bashing redneckdom. Ok, I still hate those t-shirts and what they stand for, but the point is, when you have something you love, and that's as good or better than anywhere else, and in the aforementioned categories Texas was as good or better than anywhere else, you flaunt it. Montreal, atten-shun! You have in Boucherie Lawrence an artisanal butcher named Marc - a former stock broker who said "screw this, I'd rather kill and dismember animals", and who studied at the great Fleisher's in NYC - one of the great butcher shops in the world. Where else on this island do you get, when you ask for ground beef, a guy who goes into the meat locker, pulls out a side of dry aged beef, and starts carving what will be your ground beef off the chuck, cutting out the seams, and then grinding it bespoke to your order? And where else do they also have homemade sausage, crispy pigs ear, homemade rillette and pate, great local produce, and in general beautiful locally sourced meat, also in a hyper-clean and inviting space, with attention to detail all-around? That's right - you'd have to go back to Fleisher's in NYC to find anything like this anywhere near close to Montreal. But why would you go there, when you can get it here? Exactly, because of a growing number of places like this that completely kick ass, we could now safely say, "F... you, we're from Montreal", but for thankfully very different reasons than those in Texas.
5	VIBE Imagine your dream butcher shop. It's spacey yes, but this is it. I do wish it had a bit more seating though. I ATE/THE GOODS This place is so much more than where you can get your meat. Not only can you get sandwiches but also a ton of baked goods and homemade lemonade. You can also buy lots of canned goodies too and printed Boucherie Lawrence bags. Super cute selection and nice merchandising. But we need to talk about the sandwich. Because holy crap, it is one hell of a sandwich! Forget the prosciutto and the ham. It's all about the cotechino. Wikipedia does a better job at explaining this than me: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CotechinoI do know that BL has their cotechino in sous-vide as part of the process. It's a mix between a slightly sweet and slightly salty meat and with the pickles (not even sliced!), the mayo and the fresh made sour dough bread, it truly is a treat. Oh, and it's $8. It is one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had. Top it off with knowledgeable and friendly service and voila! Repeat customer. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Where to go if you can't get into Lawrence for brunch. The thing is I could have gotten into Lawrence for brunch but this was a cheaper option. Quicker too!
4	Not much to say here, but we loved all the cured meats and cheeses we tried.  So much more here that I wish I could have checked out.
