5	This is a great community coffee house located on the North Side.  I like to have meetings here because there is tons of space, free wireless and it is easy to find parking.  Coffee, drinks and food. There is interesting art work on the walls.  Tables and chairs for meetings and couches for reading a book.  They often host some interesting events too.
5	A great little coffee shop a block north of East Ohio Street. The staff is always super nice, and love being able to sit out front (and in the shade!) when it's warmer.
4	Great neighborhood cafe to come in, say hi to friends and stay for a bit to chat or use their free wi-fi.Their coffee is great and the atmosphere encourages you to stay a while and relax.
5	This is an all around great place. I have spent afternoons here using the wifi eating panini sandwiches, but the majority of my visits are to pick up a hot drink in the morning on the way to work. They feature local artists on the walls, serve as a meeting place for various community groups and have the best collection of community fliers anywhere on the Northside (advertising everything from items for sale to Film Fests to to graphic designers to events at the New Hazlett Theater or Benedum). I recommend the peppermint hot chocolates in the winter...I'm not sure how they make their hot chocolates, but they're a lot richer than most coffee houses (certainly better than a certain coffee shop chain...). A word of caution, though: It's not wise to stop here if you're in a hurry or running late as customers are served one at a time and each customer is given full attention (Tara usually takes this time to get to know you) for the duration of that time (unlike certain chains where ten orders are placed at once and everyone waits for the drinks in an area out of the way).It IS wheelchair accessible, but the ramp is inside the shop. However, people are very happy to help set it up.
3	Just stumbled on this place after finding Penn Brewery closed for Saturday lunch. Very friendly service, good latte, didn't have the advertised item right (listed on sign at counter) so we went with a panini sandwich. It was good and they also had all you can eat waffles on this day. Service (coffee is slower than we are used to so allow for that). Won't make a special trip to this place but if we are in the area we will certainly stop.
4	Wonderful place.  Exceedingly friendly, great drinks, very welcoming.
4	Great coffee and great food.  I didn't have great expectations, considering the aesthetics; however, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  I'm a coffee and food snob and both were great.  I will definitely visit again and again.  Thanks for providing great food and beverage and service.  Kudos to the owners and service staff.
2	Not a fan. I went into this coffee shop for a simple cup of coffee. I've had better coffee brewed at a convenience store. I saw an advertisement for all you can eat waffles, that could be this establishments saving grace.
