4	Fast service...yes, please! They guarantee that if you aren't satisfied with the job, they won't stop until you are. Or something like that...there's a sign on the wall. In any case, I was satisfied and my car was clean and I didn't have to lift a finger. You pull in off of South Blvd and select how clean and detailed you want your car. Next thing you know, you're out of your car, your car goes through the "clean tunnel," and in a matter of minutes the employees swarm your car to wipe it all down. Once they're done they'll wave you down with a towel. Yep, that fast.
1	I meant to go to the one with the eight 5 star reviews.  In my haste I googled south blvd. Auto Bell and came up with this one.  A mistake I regret as it's half an hour away from my place and there is one down the road on Providence.  Oh but I am a sucker for quality service, so I decided to drive the extra fifteen miles to go to the 'good' one.I paid for the Managers Special, $30 for a complete inside and out job minus the shampoo.   I was so happy they finished in twenty minutes, and so sure it was a job well done because of the Yelp reviews that in my haste I did not inspect the work, I even tipped the guy.  I was disappointed to see the grime still on the inner part of my hubcaps.  I was more disappointed to see the crumbs and dust on my dash.  "I could do a better job than this..." is what I thought as drove back home.  When I got home I found out they had not vacuumed, at all.  The back of my car was still a mess from the mulch I had picked up earlier in the day, the reason for the detailing.All in all I am very angry and feel completely stupid for not having made SURE I went to the 'right' Auto Bell.  Tomorrow I will be taking my car elsewhere for yet another detailing.
4	Update:I had sent in an email about the bad service I received.  The very next day I got a call from the manager of the location I visited and he offered to redo it.  Since it's so far away I declined so he sent me two vouchers for free inside and out details at any Auto Bell location.  They were in my mailbox two days later. I also received a call later that day from the area manager who apologized and put in a call to my closest Auto Bell, they redid my car to my satisfaction(not perfect, but for the price I didn't expect it to look like a $120 car detail) and were very polite.  I tipped them $20 and when I left the manager of THAT store gave me two free car detail vouchers.  Bottom line:  While I will still avoid the original Auto Bell, the prompt response to my complaint and willingness to go the extra mile re-earned my business.
1	I took my car here and paid $20 for an outside clean and inside clean and vacuum.  They half ass vacuumed the front of the vehicle and didn't touch the back seat.  They barely wiped down anything inside the car at all.  I tipped really well assuming they had done a decent job.  After leaving, I did a U-Turn and went straight back to let them know.  I told them to give me half of my money back and I'd go do it myself but they insisted on fixing it.  While I commend them for fixing it (sort of), I'm still giving them one star.  I paid $20 and got bamboozled.  They had to realize that I did not get what I paid for when they didn't even wipe down the dash.  I won't go back.
5	Always have had good service.  You need to check the car before you leave.  If they missed a spot, have them fix.  No biggie!  Good guys.  Always professional.
3	This location is very hit or miss. I have a monthly unlimited pass so I get my car washed a lot. One of the managers here always gets upset when he sees me because I guess he thinks I come too often...I think that is the point of paying for unlimited! Vaccum job is good only about 10% of the time. They typically do a good job drying off the car but I've never been somewhere that doesn't. They also never put my mirrors back where they are supposed to be. If this wasn't so close to my house I would definitely go to a different one.
