3	Unity is a solid gay club. It has it's ups and downs over the years (a fire, mismanagement, ) and the crowd left. Renamed, Unity 2,It is not as popular as it once was. Located, on Rue St. Catherine, above Stock Dansuer/ Strip club. Unity is now open Thursday-Sunday nights and has 2 floors, as well as a large roof desk, which is open in the summer months.Cover charge required for entry after 11:00pm.
5	Many clubs use fog machines and fancy lighting to make the ugly people in clubs look more attractive. I feel that Unity uses them to make all the beautiful people look even MORE attractive. Something is wrong when even the ugly people are beautiful. Why doesnt the US take some advice from the Canadians on how to make a good club? 3 floors of music playing the typical top 40 and french dance hits, countless bars...drag queens walking around pouring shots into your mouth for 2 bucks...cant beat it! I have never danced so hard in my life. I was the dancing queen for a while until some big drag queen got up and took my spotlight. it was ok. She had a feather headdress and thong. Not to mention, we left at 2am and there were still load of people showing up. Thats what i call night life!My only vice is: I am used to bartenders having a brain lapse as the pour my drink and giving me a VODKA and soda. However at unity they tend to pour vodka and SODA. Needless to say it takes a lot of drinks to get drunk here but they have great booze. and sugar free red bull. my life
3	I had a lot of fun at this club when I was younger, and I'm only 25! It's full of very young people. It's supposed to be a gay club, but there are a lot of straight people who go. I've never been hit on by gross creepy guys at any gay club other than this one. If you're a straight guy going to this club, please take my advice...two girls dancing with each other at a gay club are not dancing for you! Do not feel free to touch, pinch, grope, or grind up on any girls in this club without asking! Please remember that you are in the Village, and that in the Village we respect everyone! We should respect everyone everywhere, but that doesn't seem to happen, so please at least make an effort in the Village.All that to say, it can be a fun club to get drunk and silly in with friends. They've been bringing better DJs recently which looks promising.
5	Spent New Years Eve here with a group of 11 of my closest friends and I had the time of my life. It's a huge club with 2 massive floors, each with equally massive dance floors. The downstairs main dance floor plays your typical gay anthem party music, while the smaller room upstairs plays anything from Spice Girls & Lady Gaga to Cotton Eye Joe & Britney Spears. The place also boasts a cute rooftop patio for the smokers, since smoking isn't allowed inside the club (thank God). Though when we went up there, we quickly came back inside since it was about 4 degrees outside. I bet on summer nights the rooftop is the place to go though. If i lived in Montreal, Unity would definitely be a party staple on my weekend agenda. Affordable drinks & cover (on certain nights) and the best music around makes this the perfect place to party with your fellow gays.
5	UNITY is my go-to gay bar in Montreal--its always a ton of trannylicious fun. Montreal, often dubbed the gay capital of North America, has a number of decent gay bar options from Le Parking (watch out for the black hole in the basement) to SKY but UNITY is still my favorite. It was my first gay bar experience in Montreal and I still have a soft spot for this place. Located on rue Ste-Catherine Ouest in Le Village UNITY is just a block west of Beaudry Metro station and a quick cab ride from the downtown core. UNITY is only open Friday and Saturday nights (sometimes other nights in the Summer aka the week before Pride, etc.) The club itself is three levels with the DJ on the main level, more private booth seating with a separate usually R&B room on the second level, and an outdoor patio/smoking area on the third. The patio features a bar in the summer but smokers can still make a pit stop upstairs in the winter if they're so inclined. What is perhaps the main draw to this place is the bois themselves. There are so many sexy gay bois at UNITY--it is so terribly tempting each and everytime I come here! I've made out with my fair share of randoms (don't judge!) and danced with some shirtless hotties. The crowd here is definitely more 'hunk-ish' than other gay bars which cater to other subsections of the gay community (bears, dykes, leather, etc.), and there is a plethora of twinks. Like any gay bar there are a boat load of trannys. But they're not just any trannys no, no they are super fucking fabulous trannys who often give impromptu performances on the stage overlooking the main dancefloor. They don't look too washed up or sloppy as many trannys usually do, they're costumes are on point and they serve alcohol! Perf! Last time I was there, and I was outside having a smoke, a tranny insisted I sing 'Don't be a drag, just be a queen' with her so she wasn't alone. I gleefully obliged. She gave me a free shot afterwards for my efforts. Fab! Sometimes the club has dance performances too. As you can imagine, it's hard to be bored at this place. As to the logics: the drinks are expensive-ish and they're watered down. Best to come to this place tipsy/drunk beforehand and just dance the night away in a blissful state of sex-charged ignorance. Also the options are limited and the drink making abilities of the sexy shirtless bartenders is limited to say the least. Think tequila shots, bottled beer, MAYBE a cosmo, flavoured shots, etc. Its just not a martini-bar type place. Also you have to coat check (which makes sense, this place gets steamy) which is usually rolled into the cover charge. Cover is usually $6, coat check: $2--so about $9, with a $1 left for a tip, pretty reasonable for a club with a killer sound system, a line-up of amazing (well-known, might I add) DJs, and huge spaces to dance. I love the platforms that they have in the middle of the dance floor. With enough Dutch courage I've been up there a few times shaking my thang. Its such a liberating experience. Perhaps my most favouritest part of this club: you can dance like a fucking tranny and nobody gives a shit! I werrrrrrk that floor with my super terrible dance moves. Picture it: shirt off, theatre hands, and Michael Jackson-inspired-but-not-nearly as good moon dance-like techno grooving and I don't get even a glimpse of disapproval 'cause everyone's doing it! Its soooo different than a Toronto gay club experience where people are too busy comparing bicep measurements or doing a line of coke in the bathroom or whatever other gay club party fouls happen these days. So long story short, if you're in the mood for some unbeatable gay clubbing come to UNITY its so worth it and its simply so much fun. Plus you can bring your girls, they're more than welcome. Also like other gay Montreal clubs there is a sizeable contingent of straight guys. UNITY I LOVE YOU, betch.
5	Probably the best club in Montreal. No make that North America. I've been all over the states and nothing compares to this place. Firstly, cover is cheap and so is coat check. Drinks are cheap (though watered down). I recommend shots.There aren't any ugly people here and everyone is pretty awesome. Girls love coming here and the music is pretty good! I love how loud it is and the dance floor is packed but you still have room. The best thing about this place is that you can be wild and free - aka you can do your thing on the dance floor + look silly and no one cares.They have a smoke machine that will make your voice 1-2 octaves lower the next morning and the loud music will leave your ears ringing for 1-2 days after. But who the hell cares. This place is the shit! I've been here 4-5 times so far and I have nothing bad to say about it.This place is definitely more suited for 18-24. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you are over 24 as you will def look out of place. A lot of times I see a lot of older (probably 25-30 year olds) creeping in the crowd trying to get younger guys. Ignore them and have fun!If you are visiting The Village, go here. You must!
5	Absolutely love this club!
5	As an avowed heterosexual cis-male who normally doesn't care for clubbing, I must say: these guys know how to party better than anyone I've ever seen. Advice: Don't show up sober; drinks are expensive. When I went, I got served free hot dogs and overpriced Molson Ex by a drag queen in a cheerleader outfit with a Texas flag (the theme was spooooooooorts, if memory serves). Love the roof deck, too.
4	The club was fun, consisted of many different rooms on a few different floors. The drinks, of course, were tiny. Luckily we were given a coupon for a free beer, in a bottle! I ordered a shot for my friend and myself and they came in something just slightly larger than a thimble...no joke! So drink before you go!The music was fun, and dancing on the boxes was fun. I was told that the night I went was lesbian night, but it was still a blast and got packed by 1 am.
5	Unity took my gay-club v-card! What a beautiful experience I had here.I pre-drank, so I didn't have to buy drinks there at all. All I know is cover was $5, candy was free (not in the creepy, child-luring kind of way), the crowd was lovely and the music kept me jammin' all night long!Everyone I spoke to - whether bouncer, coat checker or fellow club-goer - was so friendly and pleasant. That's not a common experience at clubs, so I really appreciated that. There were three floors (with some scarily steep stairs leading up to the patio), which kept things fun and interesting. What made things more fun and interesting was the drag show around midnight. LOVE THIS PLACE.
1	Probably one of the poorest clubs I've visited. I had high hopes but it simply wasn't what I expected it to be. The music was so-so and I didn't like the crowd. I liked the multi level dance floors, but it just wasn't enough of a 'wow' factor to keep me there.Drinks are too expensive...a beer cost almost seven dollars, which is steep. Also, they don't take debit/credit; not many places do, but it just added to the mediocre quality of the venue. The fog machines, lighting and the music the DJ played made the club seem quite juvenile. Also, I feel it is better suited for men than women. The guys dancing looked like they were having a great time, but... there weren't many attractive or available women there. It seems like it's better to go in groups than by oneself. I felt bad vibes coming off a lot of the crowd. If you're going to dance as a queer woman, it seems difficult to find other women who are fun, available, and diverse. I like other venues in the city far better.
