5	I've been going to coffee rush for about 10 years. For how busy they always are they most definitely needed this new location. They honestly have the best drinks for adults and kids. Anything you desire in a drink they can serve. Not only are the drinks amazing but the atmosphere is such a good hang out spot. There are a lot of students and business people who like to meet you here to study. After all, they do have Wi-Fi! This place will not let you down. My recommendations are: iced mocha, half sweet passion fruit green tea, raspberry lemon black tea, or a black and white all black and loaded. Mmmm!
5	I love Coffee Rush! It's a great, comfortable, environment where I can feel at home, doing anything from homework, to hanging out with friends. The drinks are always fantastic, and the staff is super friendly. I would highly recommend Coffee Rush to anyone of any demographic. It is the best!
5	This is the best place for coffee and to hang out.  Awesome staff and environment!!  I won't go anywhere else :)
5	Great tasting espresso! Good customer service too.
5	This is the best coffee shop in the east valley.  You are always greeted with a smile and they make a killer coffee drink.  Once I found out they had sugar free versions of drinks, I was hooked.  I am a fan of their sugar free white mocha.  I think they said it is a special blend that is unique to their business and it is good.  My next endeavor is the Christina Aguilera.  It is a chai tea with espresso in it.  How could you not want to try that?
4	This is Coffee Rush's newest location and it is a good 10 minutes closer to my house, so I am all for it! They have the same delicious coffee drinks as the other locations, my favorites being the Black and White Frost, Mint Mocha Frost, and the Caramel Macchiato Frost. They also have yummy Italian Sodas, the best one being the "Deadly Soda", which is neon green in color and tasty in flavor :)Go for the coffee, free wi-fi, and atmosphere as the pastries seem like throwaway stuff - cookies, muffins, cheesecake which aren't very appetizing. The free wi-fi is great, they give you a login and password upon request when you order your coffee (one per coffee, good for a few hours) Once again, they have a lovely patio space however it is a smoking area and so alas, we don't ever go out there as asthma and cigarette smoke don't mix well (not to mention I find it gross and unappetizing) The dining room is nice - newer and more modern than the other locations. The configuration of tables makes it a bit tougher to aggregate tables to seat more than 2 people per table - the aisles are narrow so tacking an additional table onto one of the 2-tops means blocking the aisleway and/or infringing on the other tables' space. Service is generally good, although not entirely up to par with the other locations - sometimes the employees are a bit sloppy with the drinks and they don't make a lot of effort to recognize people who are in regularly. Overall, I love Coffee Rush in its several iterations and recommend it! The loyalty program is nice, I've recently taken advantage of double punch Monday a few times :)
4	I do not like to drink coffee or (most) coffee related drinks, but Coffee Rush has some great alternatives!My wife, my best friend, and I like to write comic book and movie scripts together and we usually do this late at night at Coffee Rush.  They serve coffee until 11pm (which is great because it gives us a chance to get there and spend some time) and they stay open until 12am so you don't have to leave right at 11pm.I usually get a 20oz. Black & White Frost (something my wife introduced me to) and I always look forward to it.  It is one of their blended drinks with ice, milk, white chocolate, coffee.  It's pretty perfect.  Depending on my mood, I'll get whipped cream on top or not - depends on the day.My best friend gets their hot chocolate (which I have also had on cold evenings) and it is well made.  I always prefer a little more chocolate than most places put into their hot chocolate, but when I've asked for a little extra chocolate they have always accommodated me without delay.They also have a few extra non-coffee drinks like Deadly Soda and assorted Italian sodas.You can access their free wi-fi with the purchase of a drink.  Since we purchase three drinks (my wife, my best friend, and myself) we are always able to get three wi-fi passes.  The passes are good for three hours of access to their Internet and, if you're there for more than three hours, you should probably buy another drink to get another pass and stop being cheap.We never sit outside on the patio because it seems like everyone out there smokes and I can stand smoke.  It would be really nice to be able to sit out there some evenings, but I never can because of the smoking.  Inside is nice enough though (every locations is pretty much the same on the inside) and the smoke from the patio doesn't bother me inside.I always get my Coffee Rush card stamped when I go in and it adds up pretty quickly for a free drink.  They are always good about taking care of you when you get to your free drink and never give you any trouble about it.  They seem genuinely pleased that you've come back so many times.  Mondays are "double punch" nights so stop in for 2-for-1 punches!
5	Jump start my heart, Coffee Rush has this coffee lover twitterpated! After several action packed days off I needed an energy boost to get my morning started! I saw the sign and made a mad dash in, and now I'm addicted. I asked the Barista what the customer favorite was and he recommended the Black & White, a mix of light & dark chocolate. I drank it before my next stop, it was amazing! He gave me a punch card to work my way towards a free coffee, 2 punches for every coffee on Mondays. I went back this morning and had a sugar free cherry mocha & got a strawberry chiller for my girl ! So many flavors in hot, iced, & frost, regular or sugar free! At this rate I'll need a new punch card by Monday! It's my new favorite hot spot for coffee!
5	I absolutely love Coffee Rush! Stopped here on a whim one day and haven't been disappointed since. Their coffee is so much better with more flavor than all those massive chain stores, like Starbucks, and at a fraction of the price. Even with a line I am in and out within four minutes, they remember my order after just a few times there, and their service is awesome! An added perk is they have a punchcard system so after nine drinks, your 10th is always free.
5	I had heard people rave about this place before and finally got to experience it myself. I GREATLY enjoyed my coffee and banana muffin. The service was PHENOMENAL! There was a long line. The people in front of me added two more drinks to their order to go at the end. The barista started their drinks and did my order next so I was not waiting. My GF changed her order a few times and he was very accommodating. And he told us if the flavors or anything were not to our liking to let him know and he would fix it. I will be going back and highly recommend. I cannot convey how GREAT the service was resulting in having such an outstanding experience as a customer.
5	I love this place. They have a great selection of sugar free flavors, prices are reasonable, staff is always super friendly, and I would much rather spend my money supporting a local business than a huge chain. If you haven't tried this place check it out. You won't be disappointed!
5	Great place for younger people to get some good, decently priced coffee. Employees are always nice and recognize your face so you feel slightly important. Whether it's their sodas or coffees, whatever you get will hit the spot.
5	I love all the Coffee Rush locations.From the Baristas, environment & most importantly the Coffee; it all is great.  I am amazed at the consistency in service every time I show up across all locations.  I am a HUGE fan!!!
3	Simple drinks (i.e., coffee, tea) are pretty inexpensive and baristas are friendly. I'm more a black coffee gal, so I can't really comment on the blended drinks (but they looked tasty and like there were a fair amount of options). And it's open late every day, which is hard to find in Gilbert (especially on a Sunday). There are a couple of big drawbacks about this place. Internet is pretty spotty, so I wouldn't come here to get tons of work done or use anything that required a solid internet connection. There's also a three-hour limit unless you buy another drink. There's a $3.99 minimum for credit cards. Food is kind of limited (baklava and then a bunch of Costco-esque looking desserts). Patio is really nice, but it is the smoking section. Doesn't bother me the most part, but could be bad if you have allergies or aversions to smoke. Overall, a solid place.
5	THE MOST AMAZING COFFE YOU WILL EVER HAVE!!!Must try the frost :) They have a huge selection. Nothing compares. Starbucks who?
5	I love it here! The coffee is so yummy and they seem to be able to customize any drink to your liking! The staff are very nice and seem to joke around to make you comfortable! I love it here and definitely will be back! Thank you for being real coffee not that same flavor that Starbucks produces in every drink. Yummy
5	Love love love coffee rush!!! They have chai which is delicious! Also they appreciate people who use reusable cups with a discount! Lastly but not least! Cheaper but just as tastey as Starbucks!!!!!! Oh an check out double stamp Tuesday ;)
5	Omgsh I should have bought come coffee beans... I got a red eye with Vanilla and Carmel syrup. Dang this beverage is smooth... Just like the jazzy guy that made it. Sis got an americano with an extra shot. When I come back to Arizona to visit, definitely coming back here to try other beverages like the Italian sodas. There's fresh baked muffins amongst other pastries and pre packages goods.Chill atmosphere to study or chitchat at. Low lighting, music isn't too loud. Perfect. :)
5	I love coffee rush! The atmosphere is great. The baristas are are so nice and welcoming. It's nice that it has big indoor seating and an enclosed patio for seating as well. My favorite go to drink is a iced chai latte with espresso (dirty chai).
5	Talk about fast and friendly service! The Name speaks for itself! You get in, they get u out on the quickness! They have a great selection of coffee drinks and beans. Haven't tried the pastries but it did look appetizing! Our barista was awesome. I'll be coming back real soon.
1	The staff was rude and the wifi is useless.
4	Way speedy!  Before I could even finish eeking out the name of my drink (medium chai tea latte, iced) it was sitting before me on the counter.  Wish they had more food options, I prefer to stuff my face with a fat filled cookie or something when I'm indulging in a sweet coffee.
5	The shop was very clean and had a welcoming atmosphere. The brorista took our order very quickly and put on an impressive show while making our drinks, all while engaging in great conversation. The prices are great, even their pastries were delicious. I am a manager at an espresso repair service company in Seattle, wa so I know my coffee, this place is in my top 5 for sure!
2	The only time I went here, I had a rather...difficult experience. We went in to get an application for my sister and, of course, some coffee. The staff member that served us looked like an Elvis impersonator. He informed us that Coffee Rush wasn't hiring, but that they could keep my sister's application on file. Ok, no problem.We informed him that we would like some coffee. Throughout the time it took for him to take our order, make our coffee, and eventually hand over our coffee he kept staring at my chest and hitting on me while making fun of my sister. We left feeling pretty violated, frustrated, and insulted.However, I have been to another Coffee Rush location and have not experienced this. I gave this two stars because I haven't had as horrendous of experiences at the other location and the coffee tasted pretty good (even if it was made by a pervy Elvis-wannabe look-alike).
5	Love coffee rush! Nice local coffee place. I usually go to the one on Val Vista. Go to drink: dirty chai iced. It's a chai latte with espresso in it and the barista here makes the best! There is out door seating and indoor.  Cheaper than starbucks and any other large chain coffee joint. If your purchase is under $3.99 try to remember cash.
5	Love this place! Great coffee, fabulous prices, and warm,welcoming & happy baristas. I will be making this my regular stop for my latte fix.
4	Their latte is one of the I've had, the inside seating area is nice and quite and they give you a 3 hour internet pass. the outside seating area is really cool and hang out and they have  just dropping a star because I could not pay with card because of minimum charge if using a card and had no cash soi had to buy something else to be over the minimum charge and was able to pay with card.
2	The coffee is really good, but when I complimented the barista of his skills he came back at me with this shitty arrogant attitude and said not to call him a barista but a bartender because barista is French or something and he doesn't speak French. But guess what I'm a hair stylist or whatever you want to call me and when someone calls me a beautician I don't go on some stupid rant, I say thank you because it's good customer service and my ego isn't big enough to care. Not going back to this location, if we even go back at all. Me and my boyfriend are all about customer service, who cares what the price or quality is. If you do go, I got a tiramisu latte w an extra shot and my bf got a Frost w Caramel Macchiato.
5	Great coffee shop and worth a visit to. True barista worth watching while making our drinks. Sugar free options and great choices and lots of room to sit inside or outside.
4	Bad ass coffee shop, lots of room inside which makes it super inviting. Staff is cool, prices aren't bad, good location! PS... Try the iced caramel mocha frost!
4	Looking for a local coffee shop with an excellent barista.  Then look no further. Don't the the exterior fool as its looked in a strip mall.  Once inside and once you place your order; you'll see why people go out of there way to stop here.  Excellent coffee all around.  Everyone is always friendly and happy to help in any way.  Great place to sit with your laptop while enjoying a cup of joe.
5	Great coffee shop! Nice place to meet clients or friends. Very friendly people.
5	Great coffee have gone several times and and it's always been positive. Worked at Starbucks for many years and sometimes you can't beat the mom and pop shops!
4	This place has become my go-to coffee shop. The inside is spacious and comfortable, unlike the chandler location, which was cramped and smelled moldy. The baristas are super friendly, the frosts taste pretty good, and the music is solid. A nice place to hang out and work with the free wifi.
1	Get coffee terrible taste and barely even warm. Pay for my coffee and my wife's hot chocolate get change back which the guy drops on the counter for me to grab and doesn't say anything next time you'll be picking up your teeth off the counter. Learn better customer service.
4	First time visiting this location. The ladies in front of us in line ordered 10 drinks to go and there was only one barista, so it slowed things down, but he did a great job. He engaged with everyone waiting in line and worked as fast as he could.  Great coffee, great service.
