5	I've lived in the Las Vegas area for over 10 years and I've been to different salons and never found the right person to cut my hair/style.I went to Bong Bella's salon for the first time and he knew exactly what to do with my hair! I can not begin to tell you how happy and satisfied I am! I'm so happy that I've found him! I will definitely recommend Bong Bella Salon to my friends and family!
5	Bong is INCREDIBLY talented! Bong has been mine & my mom's hair stylist for over 3-4 years now. My haircuts are always amazing; but he really specializes in color. What I really love is that he bases hairstyles & colors on YOUR face shape & skin tone. All I have to do is give him an idea of what color or haircut I want & he'll deliver it while incorporating his own little twist. I definitely recommend Bong Bella to anybody who wants to have AMAZING hair!
5	He's a amazing hair stylist...He's such a perfectionist and does a amazing job cutting and coloring your hair ...
5	Bong Bella has been my family's go to for all our big events. Bong did my mothers 25th wedding anniversary, my sister's wedding in Livermore, CA, my engagement shoot, and my wedding day. Obviously if we didn't like him we would not have used him repeatedly. We even flew him out of state to do my sister's wedding. Bong is amazing with make up and hair! His details and time he spends on your eyes really bring them out in the pictures. With his make up you don't need a touch up or a redo, it sticks the whole entire day and looks simply natural. My wedding make up lasted from 930am up to 1130pm when I voluntarily wiped it off with make up remover. It goes the same for hair- mine was long and thick and Bong whipped up into an gorgeous up-do and it stayed the whole entire day. My pictures from start to finish were incredible! Let Bong take the lead and your hair and make up for your special day will be absolutely stunning.
5	Bong has been my mom's hair stylist for the longest time now! He's awesome. He's done my hair multiple times. Cut & color. He also does brows. He's amazing at what he does. He even works on famous filipino actors/actresses. When I was there at my last appointment, Martin Nievera was there with his son. It was pretty cool. Definitely look to him if you're worried about your natural beautiful hair because he keeps it looking that way! He also did my hair/makeup for my senior pictures...which I looked AWESOME in! Thanks Bong!
5	My first hair cut with Bong. A friend recommended him. I've lived in Vegas for almost 6 years and I finally found a great hairstylist!! I'm so happy with my haircut he knows exactly what to do with my hair! Love it!!! my boyfriend liked his haircut too.we'll definitely come back!!
5	I have been going to Bong Bella for years and every time I go my hair gets better and better. Not only is he an amazing stylist but his makeup artistry skills make you look like a movie star. Love this place! Highly recommended!!
