3	I saw the grand opening sign so I decided to get lunch. I wasn't feeling pho today, but I'm a fan of com tam and can be in the mood for rice all day, every day. I got a rice plate with Viet sausage, sliced BBQ pork, shrimp, baked egg "casserole", fried egg ($9.50). Viet sausage kinda reminds me of a cross between spam and Portuguese sausage in texture. Sliced pork, baked egg and fried egg are all fine however the shrimp was odd. The seared areas tasted a bit of chemical...like it touched gas or lighter fluid. Food came out quick, the girl was friendly when I ordered, but there wasn't really "service" per se. I had to walk up to the counter to pay since sitting there wasn't gonna get me a check nor a empty cup will get a refill. They just opened a week ago so I'll see if they'll work out kinks and I'll try their pho to get a feel for their menu. I think it needs to be very good to warrant that they're a bit more than most pho spots...so far, it hasn't warranted the price with taste, quality or portion.
4	My wife wanted us to try this new place out.  And, I am glad that we did.The restaurant is located kinda on the outskirts of Chinatown.  It is located within the Koreatown mall complex.  Unfortunately, there is not alot of activity within this mall.  We did not think it was a very good location to have a restaurant... kinda out of the way and kinda hidden.If you are facing the mall, it is on the right corner slot.As you walk in, it is a pretty nice place.  However, there were not alot of patrons when we were there (granted it just opened).  The menu selection is huge.  We ordered a glass of water, thai tea, banh kho, bun bo hue, and pho dac biet.Okay, the water tasted like bleach.  Yeah, it did not go over well.  Great thing is that I mentioned it to the manager and she gave me a free bottle of water instead.  That was very sweet of her.The Thai Ice Tea was good.  Little bit too rich; however, I just poured more water to make it less powerful.My favorite dish was the banh kho.  It is like patties topped with some fried onions, shrimp, and other spices.  You wrap this patty in lettuce, mince, herbs, etc.. and dip it into some fish sauce.  It was great.  Only issue was that they did not give us enough lettuce.  Wish they did.The bun bo hue was okay.  It was not too spicy.  Such a shame!!  wish it was.  Also, I was disappointed that they did not have the pork feet.  Hey man, what can I say????My wife tried the Pho Dac Biet.  She said it was good.  The broth was very tasty and better than most places.As for service, they were really good.  Since we were the only ones in the restaurant, we had great service!As for price, it was a bit more expensive than most vietnamese restaurants.  I guess they have to charge more because of the distance and less clients.  Overall, my wife and I really like this restaurant.  Service was excellent, food was not that bad ~ actually above average and good, and price was okay.  Personally, I think this is one of the better vietnamese restaurants in china town.We would be back!Thanks and enjoy
4	I came back to try out the pho. They've been open a few weeks so I figured it would be a good time to visit as they get time to iron stuff out. I liked their pho actually. The noodles were blanched properly and wasn't overcooked in the broth. It's a bit less spiced/sweet than Pho So 1 where I normally go but the broth was decent. It was plentiful with noodles and meat so it was pretty filling. Not bad. It's another good work lunch option.
4	I usually order the large Pho Ga (chicken pho) or the #46 (vegetables+tofu with standard broth) and I appreciate the onion-y broth. Chopsticks and soup spoons in the table racks are clean, and the vegetables are aplenty in the #46. I like how fresh the bean sprout / herb / jalapeno plate looks when it comes out.Have been back about 4 times and it is consistently good. Their tofu is always fresh. It probably helps the freshness quotient of a restaurant to be in the same shopping center as an Asian grocery store (Greenland Market).A meal of pho only works when all the elements are in place. And here they are.
4	I was just driving by Greenland supermarket and I noticed this place. Pho!!!; can't pass up an opportunity to try a new place out. I was the only one in the place and I thought ...bad sign. I had the special with flank, brisket, meat balls and other fatty parts. Yum! The broth was awesome with the right amount of salt. The meat was tender. The menu was pretty standard. I am going to have to try this place again soon. After my last experience at Pho So 1, this may just be the replacement. Vitnamese food rocks.
4	This Pho restaurant is what all the others need to be. Cheap, delicious and friendly.$5.95 for a bowl of Pho Tai. Perfect price, delicious bowl.I used to be a Pho Kim Long faithful, since the days before they expanded and it was a rinky dink joint with a karaoke stage. But not anymore, Pho Kim Long is now subpar with increased prices on their food.Pho Saigson is now the place to go.
4	I hope this place does well. This is about the 4th Vietnamese restaurant that opened here since it's inception. I call it the Death Corner. Previous restaurants have been good, but my theory is that the farther you move away from the strip, the higher the chance of failure. This restaurant has all the right ingredients to make Vietnamese people happy. Good food. But that's just it, good food doesn't cut it when the majority of California Viets end up at Pho Kim Long because of proximity. What this place really need is a maitre d. Anyways, trust me, this is a good Vietnamese restaurant if you want good food. Let's just leave it at that.
3	it's was OK, middle of the road Vietnamese food, good for lunch
3	NOT THE BEST, BUT NOT THE WORST EITHER.I came here to try their Pho without any expectations. I was starving, and Pho always hits the spot. I ordered a large bowl of their combination Pho (#1 on the menu), Cha Gio and Iced Vietnamese coffee.The coffee arrived first but was surprised, and a bit disappointed, it came premixed. I was hoping they would bring the Vietnamese coffee strainer and all. I wasn't impressed with the coffee. It didn't taste fresh. I suspect they brewed a big batch and mixed it up with condensed milk and refrigerated. It tasted like a stale coffee with crushed ice. The service was friendly and polite though. The lady took my order within quick minute I sat myself down.  However, it took them half an hour to serve the soup and the egg rolls considering the place wasn't busy/packed on a Sunday afternoon. I didn't complain for the long wait as I was watching the bus girl as she cleared, cleaned and sanitized the tables, and the older guy (maybe the owner) admonishing the cashier while he ate his lunch of rice noodles with sriracha and hoisin sauce and broth on the side.My soup arrived, suprisingly, lukewarm. They were a bit stingy with their fresh herbs and bean sprouts. The herbs for my pho didn't come with "culantro", the jagged elongated green leaf. Even the herb accompaniment to my cha gio was lacking slices of cucumber, and had only 5 sticks each of pickled daikon and carrots, and just one lettuce leaf for 4 rolls. The accompanying nuoc cham was very watery, and to say the least, bland. I had to add a teaspoon of chili paste oil for extra kick. Though the soup came lukewarm, the broth was good.  It was beefy and rich but I didn't taste the subtle presence of star anise, cardamom and cinnamon.  I had to add a teaspoon of sambal olek and few drops of nam pla  and a drizzle of hoisin sauce to make it somewhat close to the broth I've tried and savored in the streets of Ho Chi Minh City.   Pho Saigon's was/is not as good as Los Angeles' Pho So 1, Seattle's Pho Bac, or Denver's Pho 79 or Fredericksburg, Virginia's South Vietnam House . I usually finish my pho, broth and all but this time, I left half of the broth.The cha gio was smaller and thinner to what am accustomed to. I didn't taste the presence of the ground pork skin or the rat's ear mushrooms. To me, personally, it didn't taste like a Vietnamese cha gio. It tasted more, and if it was skinnier and longer, like Filipino lumpia.This is my first venture to Pho Saigon and though I wasn't that impressed, I am, for sure, going back for another try.
1	Yuck. Very bad pho. There are tons of other better joints on Spring Mountain!Also, why is there only hand sanitizer in the bathroom and no soap? I also saw one of the servers rubbing her nose... alot.I accidentally ordered the wrong thing, and my mother asked if i could change it. The server blatantly let out a huge sigh "OK I GUESS"... Rude. I was ok with keeping the order anyhow. Atleast an older woman came by and was kind enough to offer to exchange.Dirty, not good. Not my cup of Pho. Pho-sho.
5	I really like this place.  Prices are great, portions big.  I am more inclined to order rice dishes here, because they just come with so much.  Sliced pork rice dish comes with 3 shrimps (yes I pluralized it) this egg/pork cake cube which is delicious, a lot of rice, 2 eggs on top of the rice, and pickled veggies.  Meat is not fatty (which happens all too often at Vietnamese restaurants) what a great place.  I'm surprised at the number of reviews less than 4.  Yes, maybe you aren't being greeted by a hostess (or anyone at all) but the prices are so low, what do you expect.  LOL @ Misti's review on this place... "overfloweth"  That was funny.  And the rest of the review is in normal English.
2	As hard as I am still trying to look for some good in this place, nothing is really clicking.My galpal and I were greeted with a straight faced waitress who didn't look any less grumpy when we requested to be seated a little further inside the restaurant (she first directed us to a table by the entrance where people hustled and bustled alongside it and wanted more solitude). Sure, we let that slide and thanked her when we got to our seats - she responded by handing us our menu then asking what we wanted for drinks. Water and house tea, respectively. She rolled her eyes on us. After handing us our drinks a couple of minutes later, she abruptly asked if we were ready to order. We said we might need some more time to decide. She turned around looking unimpressed. After another 2 minutes, a male server asked us once again if we were ready. I didn't quite make up my mind yet so I had my galpal go first. We were beginning to wonder what the rush was. By the time I made my decision, I called up another one of the waiters who patiently got my order down while the previous 2 rushed around the restaurant. (Yes, we were attended to by 4 different servers tonight. Not something I always come across) By the time our food arrived, we already savored enough of the environment to feel its unwelcoming vibes. The servers looked aloof and there was that uneasy quiet-ness to the restaurant that made us notice the flies buzzing around us. My order of the rice bowl (with grilled pork, 2 egg rolls and vegetables) would probably add up to a 3.5 stars. The pork was flavorful but nothing out of the ordinary, the egg rolls were dry and the vegetables were simply bland. I kind of wish I took the chance and waited in line for either Pho Kim Long or Pho So 1 just to get a taste of their better alternatives. My friend ordered vermicelli with an egg roll and reacted the same way to the food - tasteless and 'blah' All in all, this place is getting a 2 stars simply because I had great company tonight. We managed to find humor in our situation and laughed it off but this rating is a heads-up for any of you who plan to come here. Explore your options because there are waaay better Vietnamese restaurants along Spring Mountain - Try, as I mentioned above, Pho So 1, Pho Kim Long or even Pho Huang - for the sake of your taste buds.
4	I knew it was a good sign when I walked in and was the only non-asian to be seen. And indeed, Pho Saigon did not disappoint. Have I had better Pho? Maybe, or maybe not. This is just about as good as it gets. Fresh, authentic, delicious, and super cheap. What else could you ask for?
1	Boooooo! No soap in the one bathroom for employees and guests. Hand sanitizer doesn't count. Especially if it's used with water. Went with gf and her mom. With only 5 other people in there they served the ladies  all their dishes while forgetting my pho 3 times.Its just Pho. Not rocket science.
5	In every town I have ever lived in, there has always been a war going on between Pho restaurant owners.  When I lived in San Diego, some of the owners of Pho establishments figured out how to bypass the Yelp Filter by going WAY out of their way to take the proper steps. I mean, they would clear their cookies, register their accounts at the public library(for IP address reasons),  make tons of friends, invest their time into writing one detailed 4-star review per day for 30 days, and then when the filter believed that they were real people they would write a libelous review about their enemy.  These fraudulent reviews usually looked something like: "I got food poisoning here last night. The owner stole my credit card number and bought Burberry with it. The health inspector came in while I was eating and shut the place down. The cooks are Mexican! The owner isn't Vietnamese he is Filipino! There were cockroaches in my Pho, I ordered the rare steak pho without cockroaches but I got them anyway!  The srirachi sauce was actually aids blood.  I was molested by the owner when I went to the bathroom".  And when I lived in Los Angeles county, Pho restaurant workers used to vandalize competing restaurants, and they would always get into physical altercations in public when they would run into each other. There is a lot of politics and backstabbing in the Pho business. What many people don't know is that frequently one Pho restaurant will be started by a group of Vietnamese immigrants, then one member of the group will betray the others by breaking away and making his own restaurant. This is usually the root of the hostility. The moral of my story is that one of the main reasons all the Pho joints on Yelp average a 2 1/2 star rating is because of these "Pho Wars".  So don't go on Yelp to try and find a good Pho place. Just run around town and try various places. See which ones you like and decide for yourself. PHO SAIGON is one of the better Pho places I have been to in town. The broth is oily and clear. The steak is bloody and tender.  They pack your broth with sliced green onions. And the store has a good location.. it's located in the same center as Greenland and my personal favorite restaurant: Sushi on Rainbow!  The Pho at PHO SAIGON is actually really good. Pho is a simple dish to me, it doesn't have the complexities that Ramen has. I personally believe that Pho is Ramen's inbred twin brother.  PHO SAIGON does a great job at presenting a Pho which is quite typical of what you would find at popular douchebag hangouts such as Pho Kim Long and Pho So 1.  The reason I like PHO SAIGON better than Pho Kim Long and Pho So 1 is because you(the reader) sucks, and you eat there. I don't want to eat there and completely suck with you. No one wants to suck, right? So come to PHO SAIGON and be "cool" like me.I support all Asian-American businesses so this place gets 5-stars by default.
4	their pho is pretty good here. not too overpowering on the broth and just enough noodles. i have yet to try their vermicelli noodles with the fish sauce. i ordered their bahn mi here once. they get their bread from sams club and that kinda ruined the whole taste and texture.
4	Pho is good and the sandwiches are awesome (without jalapenos). I am now a regular. :) Oh & it's located right next to the Greenland supermarket, which is very convenient for me.
4	I was in he mood try new pho place out and what better idea then Pho Saigon since Greenland on my agenda picking up some rice. You first walk in nothing really special about the place like the decor although one stands out they do have two widescreen tvs (just happen last sunday night game got me some pho and football). The service is ok. They were very prompt getting my order but came too getting refill on soda took till empty and never checked up on me once got my meal. Really talking about the food everything was very tasty, very reasonable price, and get lot of food. I started with asian salad with flank steak. The flank steak should reword it too teri beef (local style), The cut of meat was exactly the same style think slices of beef plus marinaded in teriyaki base or sauce. Honest I could have just had the teri beef over rice and be Happy camper! It was on salad greens. I not big on the whole salad part but wanted too try something new besides my pho plus I was starving. I did eat everything both salad and pho.The pho order the #34 but its the one that has everything in it. Tendon, tripe, meatball, etc. I normally don't get the meatball because not big fan of it in my pho but love everything else. I like in tasting mood so like why not. I was happy I did. It nice small ball of bountiful of goodies. In every scoop get piece of eat different treat! The noodles perfectly cooked and the broth had nice flavor too it. I by far no expert on pho broth plus always put my siracha and hoisen in my broth. I always make point too taste the broth first. Me always good sign is the less put of both the better I feel the broth is. I really like the broth. All the vegetables nice fresh, crisp, and looks good. Sure Pho Saigon place could see going back time and time again!
1	We checked this place out because we were really hungry and had to go to Greenland... And ugh no bueno... It was pretty empty inside and yet it still took 5 minutes to get waters and another 5 minutes to take our orders... We got springrolls, chicken pho & oxtail pho.. The springrolls were ok.. I thought it was so weird that they had shredded lettuce inside of them (see pic).. I've never had one like that it made them look cheap & weird.. The peanut sauce was pretty good though... Then it took another 10 minutes for the pho to come out.. Which is pretty long for phoThe chicken pho is not shredded chicken like how we like but weird tasting & fake looking chicken..The oxtail was kind of dry & tasted old.. And the noodles were so over cooked that they kept breaking before I could get them into my mouth ... Lol Also their little veggie plate that they give to accompany the pho ... Is so so sad looking.. It's like half the size of what other restaurants give. With so many other options for pho in this city.. I probably won't be coming back here.
5	Superb food, great value for $ in a Grade B or C atmosphere.  This is what I consider a really good find!I can't give this joint anything but 5 stars!!  This was our ticket out of cold and flu season this year. The prices are so reasonable my husband and I were here once a week November through February. He is a Diver and I am a Flight Attendant. We can't go to work with a cold or congestion. Each time my throat felt scratchy, I scalded it with a soothing and delicious hot bowl of #46.  My guy prefers #34.  I never had to call in sick once this winter and we all know it was colder and more miserable than usual.  I love their Pho.  It is savory and flavorful without doctoring it up with the many condiments on the tables.  The place doesn't have the ambiance that some restaurants have, but the quality of the food and their prices make up for any other short comings.Come summer we will go back to other treats on their menu that go with the hot weather.  Their sandwiches are to die for.  The best baguette and great flavors.  It beats all of the other Vietnamese sandwich shops in Chinatown.  We have been to them all!!!  The dinner entrees are huge and our 16 year old can't even finish them.  The cold spring rolls and the lettuce wrapped goodies are our summer faire.  We have never had a meal here that we were not satisfied with.  My husband will even try new things because the experience is always good.  At most places he always orders the same thing.  The service is always pleasant and friendly.
5	Great PHO, great prices!!!!
2	I'm fairly disappointed in this place, I wanted to try Bun Bo Hue for the first time and the picture on the menu showed a ton of goodies. However what I actually got seemed like only 2 pieces of meat; completely opposite of the picture.The flavor was okay, a teensy bit spicy, enough to make my nose run. I didn't touch the lettuce that came with the Bun Bo Hue, it looked old and wilted...gross. To be honest I felt pretty ripped off because this bowl was like $7.75My bf ordered a small bowl of pho which was decent and he also ordered the BBQ pork sandwich, it was pretty big for $4, a footlong I think it was but my bf was pretty pissed because he said all he tasted and saw was a bunch of lettuce and onions and very, VERY thinly sliced pork... I also ordered the coconut smoothie which was ok. Service was ok, they didn't talk much. The man however annoyed me a bit because he didn't even know what was on the menu! And when the food arrived he tapped the utensils as if we were dumb and didn't know where to get it. Rude much?I don't think I will be coming back here when there's a billion other pho places that taste much better.
4	great for late nights.
5	This is the only and truly good Pho restaurant at Las Vegas.  The portion is huge and the taste is too delicious.  You have to be a Vietnamese and Pho loving to tell the different between pho here and other place.  Bun bo Hue or Spicy Noodle Hue Style is very good here.  Mostly you find good Pho at Little Sai gon or San jose, CA but this place is taste even better than some Pho at Bay Areas.  The Soup is clear and the meat is tender and fresh. Goi cuon is delicious and the Smoothies are are too good for my kids.  This place is in Korean Town and far away from the Strip but it worth to drive a little far to have a good hot Pho after long night at the club or gambling table. Trust me, you will happy and satisfy for what you have here. I will only come here for pho for next Las Vegas visit.
3	My dad loves this place...not really sure why.  I've been here a couple times...here's what I've had so far :Pho Tai (Rare Beef plus Meatballs).  Not a big fan of their broth here...a bit bland and not very exciting.  It's not bad, just not very noteworthy in my book.Oxtail Pho...not bad. Same broth, so again, not too much flavor really. The Oxtail was tender and tasty, but super fatty and not complimented with the broth IMO.  I like the Hawaiian style thicker/heavier/saltier broth to go with Oxtail myself.Combination Banh Mi...this was pretty good! The sandwiches had lots of ingredients and flavor, and the bread was soft and tasty.  Recommended!Vermicelli Noodle w/Grilled Pork, Shrimp, Sausage and Egg Rolls ($8.95). This was also good!  Lots of goodies in here, and everything was yummy.  I'd order this instead of the pho!Che Ba Mau ($3): Coconut Milk, Red Bean, Mung Bean and Jelly. This is like a Vietnamese Halo Halo lol. It's very tasty...love the sweet coconut milk and red bean combination!  YumSo it's a hit or miss kinda place for me.  Good luck!Pics :
5	Vegas has pretty good Pho all over the place, so I'm going to only rate their Bahn Mi and other sandwiches. Everyone rants and raves about Lees Sandwiches, but they have not been here. These are about twice the size, under $5. All fresh ingredients!! The only down side is that ordering over the phone is difficult as English is not their primary language.
2	I took a friend here who has never had pho before. I kind of feel bad for picking this place but we were starving and we were in the area. The place was empty at dinner time and the staff was comfortably sitting and watching TV. Hello? Anybody home? At least they were watching "Amazing Race" which is a good show.I was guiding my friend what to get and we told the server to give us a few minutes but she stood there the whole time. Suit yourself. We both had pho chin nam (well-done brisket and well-done flank steak). Compared to other pho restaurants, it took longer for the food to come...and we were the only people there.The pho was a bit oily and was lacking in flavor...even after I added Sriracha. How sad. If only our stomachs could've waited 5 more minutes, we could've had much better pho in Chinatown.
5	This review is for the vermicelli noodles with the grilled pork, shrimp + egg rolls -- so far the best here than other places in Vegas. I also love their Vietnamese iced coffee, very strong just how I like it!
5	I am tempted NOT to write a review of this place because I don't want other people to know about it. I love Vietnamese food and have been to almost every single place in Spring Valley. Most of them are decent, but sometimes you go and get a bad meal. This place I have literally been to 100+ times and have never had a bad meal. Only recently have I started eating their sandwiches and I'm sorry, but the size and taste of it can put any of their competitors to shame. For $4.50 you get a sub twice the size of those dinky little things over at Mr. Sandwich (which is also very good, but smaller). I love this place. It's always quiet, low key. Food is amazing. I will go here forever and forever be happy.
5	Excelling food, service and prices. I highly recommend for lunch or dinner. The service was fast and food was delicious.
5	I got the vegetable/tofu pho... and I was ordering it to-go... The broth is perfectly salted...they give you all the tasty sides and options for adding flavor... The lady at the desk was more than willing to offer suggestions and tell me what is popular. LOVE IT! Prices were awesome too! 7.50 for a HUGE bowl of Pho
3	Interesting to I must say.. had a couple of first.Had Durian smoothie and friend had Jackfruit the durian was not to my liking but I can say I triied it. Fresh rolls or ( spring rolls ), foot long sandwich with Korean beef was mine and friend had the pho' with steak flank. The spring rolls really good though I was missing basil ? I have been to a couple of pho places that put basil in them tastes really great that way, however can tell there really fresh. The Korean Beef Sandwich was really good I have a few suggestions though its hard to eat cilantro as a whole with stem attached maybe they could pick apart or chop also the cucumbers instead of slicing them on a bias maybe try julienne them this would look really cool to match the carrots they have its kinda hard biting into a amazing baguette and have to chew for five minutes with out chocking. The Korean beef was flavorful and tasted yummy. The pho looked amazing I also seen some pho dishes that looked like crispy beef or chitlins ? maybe next try that. The bread was amazing normally I dont get excited bout that but have had some bad experiences in the past either soggy bread or worse Overall ok
1	Okay, I understand this restaurant is in Vegas and not in Little Saigon. Nevertheless, I still expected decent Vietnamese food and service.We had a table of 13 people and 2 kids. The waitress told us we can ONLY order soup entrees such as pho or bun bo hue. Someone from our table also ordered chicken wings, but it looked nothing like the picture of chicken wings displayed on the wall. The small order of pho was really lacking in flavor and noodles. I was still hungry after I ate everything! Anyways, never again.
4	My baby order Thai tea , I order ice coffee ... We ate pho rare steak & rice pork chop, both were good.... Good service as well.
5	The food is authentic vietnamese with reasonable price. This is not the inflated Vegas Strip prices with small portion. Come here if you are part of the Viet family looking for good cafe sua da and Pho.
5	I always come here for authentic Vietnamese food when I'm in Vegas. I live in the OC, Little Saigon, so know good Vietnamese food when I see it. This place has reasonable prices and great food. My family usually gets pho...can't go wrong with that or the com tam (broken rice) As for myself? I'm a Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (grilled pork and egg roll vermicelli) kind of girl. I ask them to hold the Bun (vermicelli) tho = less carbs. The service is decent, not great but not poor either. I've never had a problem with the service. I guess they could be a little more friendly, but let me ask you this. If you are a shy, introverted person and that's how you've been all your life, do you think it's hard to change? This is how the owners are and their workers are pretty much the same in how I observed. But it's not going to stop you in making the best Vietnamese food outside of Vietnam and Little Saigon now huh? I'm still going to go back to this place even though it's a little bit off the strip and away from the other thousand pho places along Spring Mountain.5 stars is for the food!
3	3.5 stars I always start off with the egg rolls. The egg rolls at Pho Saigon tasted a bit off. I am a creature if habit so the Pho Tai was what I ordered. The broth was ok. The pho overall was nothing special and the noodle to beef ratio was decent. It was really hot in there for being the middle of July. I know who eats hot soup on a hot day, but it was so muggy in there that I was hot before I even got my pho. I do have to say they are really efficient and quick at taking your order. After that service ceased to exist. Yes I understand it's not a five star restaurant, but waters were never refilled and no one came back to see if we needed anything else at all like extra napkins. I had to remind the lady that I had ordered an avocado smoothie (which was delicious btw). Overall, food is decent but service sucks (excuse my language). I don't come here regularly and I guess that's a good reason why.
1	This place is crowded,  that says a lot for its food.  I ordered the spring rolls,  they were fried to perfection.  I then ordered the rare beef pho,  the broth was delicious,  perfect pho stock.  As I was finishing my pho when I noticed something crawl out through the light fixture on the wall.  Yes it was a cockroach,  a momma cockroach.  It ran down and went under the table,  then a baby size cockroach crawled out running aimlessly through the wall,  and it was followed by three more roaches.  Yes the light fixture was their nest. My bill came,  and I pointed at the roaches on the wall.  The waiter laughed and said sorry,  he said he would tell his boss.  I complained to the cashier too,  and they didn't think much of it.  She kept repeating the amount of my bill. I paid and jammed out of there. Funny thing is,  that other patrons also saw the roaches and didn't react to them.  This is not ok!  I don't want Roach as one of the meats in my pho.  I'm picturing the restaurant closed after hours where the roaches walk all over the rims of the giant pho pots,  in and out of cooking surfaces,  through food prep areas. When the lights come on as the first employees walks in the door they all scatter,  I know they saw them,  but does anyone care?
3	Was nothing special for being around so many competitors. Doesn't stand out, just another pho place.
4	The hardest thing about moving besides moving is find new favorites to eat.This has become new new go-to Pho, I usually call in on the way home from work and pick it up just because I like to eat at home after a long day and somedays you don't wan to cook or go out.  I call in and give them my numbers they make sure I know where it is and give me a time.  They are always right on time the soup is hot and ready everything is in the boxes and I head on home.  When we get to-go  we don't eat right away so I put the broth on low and let it warm buy the time I am ready to eat we ladle it out and add ingredients and it is as good as eating in!Eating in the restaurant is always clean the owners are almost always there working and you are greated nicely and led to a table.  They know us so it is pretty easy for us.  They have a tv to watch while you wait.  The soup is one of the better Pho places in town.  A lot of people complain about the oil in the soup but in all actuality the oil is part of the soup and means it has been made properly, if it is not there you will be lacking the essential flavor of the soup.  It is also a clear light brown broth.This is not a fancy place and the price reflects that but the soup is good, hot and fast V/S other places down the road with a 20 minute wait and a bit over priced.  If you want good home cooked Pho come here if you are meeting friends for drinks fun and Pho you may not like it here.  I will be back at least twice a month sometimes once a week!
3	Your standard place!  If ur in the mood for this style it's spot on but I wasn't blown away!  I'm a foodie!  So I'm like ugh next!
1	Everything about this place is wrong. It's sad that the owners of this restaurant truly believe that their food is of some quality. But the truth of the matter is the food is some of the worst Vietnamese I've ever had in my life.Let's start with the disgusting fresh spring rolls. When I took a bite I notice no only did they put shredded lettuce ( YUCK ) inside of the spring roll, The lettuce was wilted and old. The peanut sauce tasted sour and had a really odd funky taste to it like it was spoiled.By far the worst fresh spring rolls I've ever had in my life! I ordered the combination pho dac biet which took forever to get to the table. Considering the restaurant wasn't even busy I found this to be odd. Finally the pho arrived and tasted like a swamp of MSG.Again they tasted a funky sour taste -The food is off here for some reason.I took a few bites and push my bowl away.The pho was TERRIBLE.I went to pay my bill and the lady was on the phone the whole time. Very rude!Let's just say I will never return to this god awful joint!There are so many better pho/Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown.
