2	Beware of being in a time crunch and relying on the photo developing machines to work. Once upon a time they worked without fail. And I made use of them frequently. Then time after time they were out of service.The customer service here- one employee in particular- can range from outrageously rude to barely adequate.  I am pleased on the exceptional days when I actually find a smile behind the counter. The check out clerks are generally friendly. In general the cashiers- away form the CS counter- are very friendly.Certain products (hangers especially) seem to be chronically understocked. However they have a great greeting card selection, some nice candles, and of course all the good deals they're known for.  Don't buy the Zazen dishes- they fall apart if you look at them funny.
2	I've written before about how I prefer Wal-Mart over Target.  I can't believe how often this is true.  The other day we were in there and had to return something, and it took what seemed like forever to accomplish this simple task.Now don't get me wrong - the Wal-Mart return process can take a while.  And now you have to get the little bar code as you go through the main entrance.  The line can be long.  But they often have two or even three workers at the desk (depending on the location).At this store - one of the larger ones in the area - there were at least five people in line, and there was one person working the desk.  She was very nice, but the line moved s-l-o-w.  Eventually we made it up to the front of the line, and returned our merchandise and moved on.  But it was a whole lot more difficult than at Wal-Mart, underscoring the reason why I shop there instead (usually).
3	This target location is okay... It always seems busy though and the parking lot is a madhouse.  My biggest pet peeve is people just parking their cars in front of the store like they own the place even though there is a clearly marked fire lane and no standing zones in the front of the store!  Ugh!  Guess you can't control people - they'll end up doing what they want anyways.Target is getting better about not having long lines and getting in and out okay.  You can sometimes find good deals on the end-caps for items they are trying to move off the shelves.
3	I've seen better selection at other Charlotte Targets, but this Target will do.  Don't be daunted by the long lines; the management is pretty good about opening up new lines as needed and the lines generally moved faster than expected (unless you get behind an excessive coupon-clipping mommy !!!).  The customer service, like Diane D. noted, is hit-or-miss.  While weeknights are generally slow, this Target tends to be quite understaffed during the week.  Come on Target, you can do better!
2	How bad is it when you don't want to go to Target?The issue I have with this Target location is the crowd capacity. Every weekend it's like Christmas shopping season. You can see the packed parking lot from 51. I personally would rather go to 3 different stores in less crowded areas then go to this target on a weekend. In fact I have driven out of my way to go to Wal-Mart in Indian Trail just so that I don't have to go to this Target. The designers should have doubled or expanded this location a long time ago and now with the addition of the fresh food department to the store I'm sure even more people will be shopping here.
1	This is a really so-and-so Target.  It used to be pretty nice, but they've remodeled and re-arranged it so many times in attempts to squeeze more into it, that I think it's just gone down hill.  You can't reliably go here for a specific item, because if you do, chances are it's going to be out of stock.  In fact, you can't even reliably go here for a general item, because that will probably be out of stock too.  I can't tell you how many times I've gone here to get, say, a pack of men's undershirts, and the entire section has been sold out of larges in every single brand.Another disparagement: some of the people who work here are really nice.  Others are just damn cranky.  A recent incident involved a manager who wouldn't get off her cell phone (making what sounded like a personal call) to answer a question.  Seriously.  She *shooed* me away.So yeah, I go here... but reluctantly, and because it's convenient.  If I have a long shopping list, I drive a few extra miles to the location at Stonecrest.
5	Not crowded at all
4	Typical Target.  It does have a Starbucks inside.  The staff was friendly.   The building was clean.   Who doesn't love a Target?
1	The workers here are so rude! The only reason I go in here is the Starbucks although the inside is fairly clean I just can stand the employees!
4	When you need something quick like the basics its a great place and decently priced. I always thought of target as an upscale Walmart ....Yep I'm still a fan...Keep it simple with good quality and I'm good to go....Next
5	I love this target. I've never gotten any rude customer service!  It's in a very nice, well lit area. The only problem I can see is a issue that needs to be brought up by the town of matthews. The turning lane off 51 is always backed up! They really need to fix the light!
