5	There is nothing quite like having a good time drinking and dancing in what appears to be the inside of a volcano.
4	Meatball Mondays! Go to Lava Lounge, get a Straub because it's cheap and as far as I can tell no one outside of PA knows what it is, and purchase yourself a fine meatball sub for $1. Veggie or Meaty, whichever makes you happy. Incidentally, the Straub bottles recently got bigger but the price stayed just the same.If you go around 6pm on Mondays they are always watching CSI for some reason. Also the bartended is great and the place is quiet, so you can eat and drink for $3.50 with just your friends and a couple other people who wander in, and then walk over to the movie theater to watch a $5 movie.
5	Among the countless bars along East Carson Street in Pittsburgh's South Side neighborhood, one stands out as the most unique treasure. Enter the Lava Lounge at 2204 East Carson Street and you may think you are inside a volcano, or perhaps one of Jim Henson's creations; Fraggle Rock. Beyond the normal bar top and tables are protrusions of a rock like material in odd shapes only found in underground caves which insure intimacy of a small gathering. Beyond the bar is a fantastic room where bands perform and DJ's mix it up as young professionals and artsy types gather to dance. It's not unusual to huddle together in the circular booth hidden in an underground crater while watching college students twirling to "The Dancing Queen" on Friday evening's 80's night. Recently, a friend of mine and I ventured down to the Lava Lounge on a cold Friday evening. My friend decided to join the eclectic mix of people on the dance floor while I stood to the side of a rock formation sipping a drink and people watching. Since the room is dimly lit except for strobe light flashes from the dance floor, people watching is an unobvious sport and everyone does it. I just stood in wonderment at the mix of people, young and not so young, in a relaxed atmosphere without the pressures of the club scene to hit on someone of the opposite sex. After my friend tired herself out from dancing, we sat in a little rock alcove and enjoyed some crazy mixed drink concoctions. The Lava Lounge is a breath of fresh air and a good place to unwind after a fully loaded work week.The Lava Lounge touts itself as "Pittsburgh's most unique experience" and it does not disappoint. All week long the Lava Lounge features different upbeat music genres including acid jazz, funk, disco, and alternative as well as one-of-a-kind mixed drinks. The Lava Lounge has sister establishments along East Carson Street which include the Beehive Coffee House, The Tiki Lounge, and the newest addition; the Double Wide Grille.For more information visit www.lavaloungepgh.com
4	This place is pretty good. It reminds me a little too much of Tiki Lounge which is cheesy and the set ups are almost identical.80s night on Friday will not disappoint!
5	This is an awesome bar.  The decor reminds me of the Fraggle Rock underworld and they have a fun 80's night on Friday nights.  It can get pretty packed inside on weekends, but oh well.  Go early if you hate not finding a table.Tues. they have very casual taco dinners, which is fun for a little date thing.I just love this place. One of the standout  most unique 'for young people' bars in Pittsburgh.
3	It was a Sunday night when I went here, so I can see why it wasn't that busy. It was a dark and rainy night and the bar was dark as well. We walked in and the bartender seemed surprised to see us. He said "I just walked in before you, so let me get things iced and then I can help you". It was informative, but it seemed like he was kinda annoyed that we came when we did, even though there were two other people there.Anyways, we sat down at one of the crazy booths that looked like molten lava. It was a unique place for sure and they had a pretty good beer selection and PBR on tap. The happy hour included PBR for 1.25! Now, that's what I call a cheap date! We hung out until the rain passed and planned on going to another place closer to the family's house. While we were still there, I checked out the pit in the back that housed a circular booth that you accessed by going down the staircase. It seemed like a cool, but strange place to congregate with friends, but definitely not your average bar. As I passes by the pit, I went to the ladies room, which is almost to the back of the place girls. It is creepy and dark back there and it's like you stepped into some cavern and no one else is there! It was a cool creepy feeling though. This place is a definite if you are in Pittsburgh. I haven't spent much time there, but looked up places to go when I knew I was headed there. Carson St. has many bars, shops, restaurants and such to go to. Sunday is not the best day to go, since things close early, but it was our only choice. Park the car, grab some food at Double Wide Grill and do a bar crawl. It will be worth your time!
5	The Lava Lounge, you remind me of my youth.  As I remember when you were the Liberty Belle and Frankie Capri did Elvis impersonations twice a week.  Now, just being the Lava Lounge for many years makes you a landmark.Atmosphere - It is designed like a small cave.  A cave an art student created w/stalactites and stalagmites everywhere.  A small dance area in the back, annoying bolted to the ground bar stools and...Oh, very cool music.Crowd - Art students, Emo kids (it is sad I know that), Models w/piercings & tats and Old people reliving their Alt-rock youth (that would be me). Price - Cheap.  No cover if you arrive early, before 10PM. I did, so not sure of the price.  Mixed drinks, big and only $5.25, w/ beer at $3.Music - varies by night, it was eighties night, as in eighties Smiths, Joy Division, Cure, Cult, Depeche Mode...etc.  Normally, underground and popular alternative music is played here.Overall - I had a great time revisiting my early days.  Because in other places "...the music that they constantly play, it says nothing to me about my life, hang the blessed DJ, because the music they constantly play..."
5	Lava Lounge makes me feel at home when I'm visiting in Pittsburgh.  I'm a night owl and love to dance.  I have never been let down when I've walked through the door and I've always had a great time!  Since I've only been there for holiday weekends & such, it's always been packed.  Even with it being packed, the service of the bar and staff are still great.  I love this place and can't wait to hang out here next week!
4	Before visiting Pittsburgh I did a little bar research and found that this place has some good DJ acts that come through (i.e. Chuck Love in December) and was a little bummed that nothing was going on when I was out.All things aside, this is a great little spot that actually reminds me of a similar Lava Lounge in Stuttgart, Germany.Wow. This is a terrible review.Anyways, the bar stools are great - carved tall wood backs and some are belted to the floor...odd. But the crowd was extremely entertaining, funny mix of midlife ladies in chokers and mom-jeans, goth kids and preppy college boys. Fun was had, PBR helped. Saturdays are BritPop night and you can never argue with BritPop. Never.
4	If I didn't love Pittsburgh before, with it's beautiful rivers and views, awesome bridges and tunnels, nice parks, and the fact that it's possibly the cheapest place I've ever gone bar-hopping, when I stepped into Lava Lounge and my friend pointed out that the foot rest at the bar used to be a trough that mill workers and whatnot back in the day used to piss in, right at the bar, that the trough was built for THEM to PEE in, well.  I did then.  I love Pittsburgh.  Go there, you'll have fun too.
4	One of the coolest bars in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere is uniquely designed, and the people watching is fantastic if you grab a seat in the back on a busy night.  It can get incredibly crowded on the weekends, but there is usually room in the back.  It has an edgy vibe, but the bartenders are some of the best in town.
2	We stopped by for what was advertised as "50 cent wing night," either meat or seitan.However, we were told after asking for a menu that they only had tofu avocado sushi for food that night.I asked if they had a drink menu, which they do, and the selection of cocktails was impressive.  However, the menu was so sticky and disgusting that we just left.Sorry, Lava Lounge...I wish we could have hit it off.
3	The seating is strange in this place.  The bartenders are mostly tolerable.  Poor music selection, terrible bands play live here as well.  The drinks are pricey.  But on a weekday... it's a nice place to settle down.
4	Plenty of good times have been had at the Lava Lounge. I've heard some pretty decent local bands here, 80's night used to be pretty amazing (I haven't been there in like, 2 years because all I ever do is work, damn I hate growing up!), friends of mine used to DJ on Mixed Tape Wednesdays - that was pretty rad (where else would you hear Chromeo and Portishead and City & Colour all in one night). I dig the food specials but don't be fooled! They do not have a full menu. The veggie tacos are steller and the seitan wings are good but very small. I only drink beer but the martini menu has some offerings that sound pretty yummy. Nights start off pretty slow but by midnight the place (especially the dance floor) gets pretty crowded. Because it is situated along Carson Street, the crowd is usually diverse - a lot of regulars and a lot of crawlers just stopping in on their way from one bar to the next.
4	Oh $.85 tacos, how you fill life with purpose and beefy joy. For $.85 a piece you can't beat these tacos, pair them with a beer, and some self-brought dance party and you have a seriously bitchin' Tuesday.We usually have beef soft shell tacos and Straub beers. Keep in mind for you veg-heads there is also the option of bean tacos (and hard shell too). They have a margarita special on Tuesdays, although I've not tried them so I can't really comment on their deliciousness. The bartenders are awesome fun and it's always pretty laid back during the week with a pretty consistent regular crowd.
3	For Carson street, I really enjoyed the crowd in this place. Laid back with a "chill out" ambience.. It felt like college all over again! It's turned out to be my go-to destination for the start of a night out. Ok who am I kidding here, the flaming Dr. Pepper shots have me there through last call on the usual....
4	I went here last Friday, and it was my first Pittsburgh bar experience!  What a great way to get acquainted with the bar scene.  This is totally my kind of place.Drinks were a little pricier than I like, but given that the bar is awesome, I'm not really surprised or too disappointed.  Pregame first and you'll be dandy.  The decor made me feel like I was in a trendy cave.  We went into the back room, put our drinks on these cool glowing tables, and danced to the great 80s music!  I love 80s tunes, especially when the music is familiar, when it makes you go "OMG I LOVE THIS SOOOOONG!"  Also, the music wasn't too loud - we could dance AND talk without totally screaming.  I saw some pretty cool tables, one was a lot lower than the rest of the bar, like it was down in a pit - guess you have to come pretty early to claim that cool spot.  Anyway, I had a great time at Lava Lounge, and would come back any Friday.  I'd just rather drink somewhere else first, somewhere a little cheaper.  My mixed drink with flavored vodka was $5.75, and I think their "martinis" were $8 or $9 - a girl in our group got one and really didn't like it - I tried it and found it pretty unappetizing myself.Come for the atmosphere, and maybe one simple drink or two!
2	Friday night 80's dance party. I had such high expectations to boogy down. I usually always have such a great time here. I think it must be better to go with a group of people who have a little more enthusiasm than my guest. 1.50 PBR drafts until 11pm so we only had a couple special drinks. I was in the mood to dance, so I did with everyone on the dance floor. The crowd was strange this particular night. Have a drink, run around the dance floor. Then repeat. It was nice that in the back there are these really cool dark booths to hide in and laugh with the people you're with while people watching. So I have to say still looking for a scene I can get into. Sure I'd go again but only if I knew something fun was planned there. Not so hot Lava
4	I love the Lava Lounge.. My favorite is the spelling bee on Monday nights.
1	Completely different from what I've read or expected. Experience was weird for us. Vibe was a little off, and the bar area was too crowded. The back where the lounge is was empty and creepy.
4	Sexy bar with goodBottle selection. Go whenThere's no cover.(b)
4	I've had a soft spot for Lava Lounge for years. It's a great bar/club that's a bit off beat. The punk/alternative crowd dominates the clientele here, but anyone outside of that demographic need not feel intimidated. I've been here in ratty jeans and a t-shirt as well as in business casual attire and was treated the same. If you want to just drink and/or spend your time however you please then you'll be treated fairly; it's a pretty cool crowd. Thumbs down for the smoking.
5	Though I've not been there for the later crowd, even when it was only moderately full of people and no one on the dance floor yet, it was still a good time.  The lighting and thematic decor are unique and don't feel plastic or make it seem like a manufactured theme place.  The music they played was good, the drink specials were decent, and where else can you go and sit in a pit without that being a bad thing?  Overall, you will have  decent night there.
5	I've been coming to Taco Tuesdays at this place on and off since I was 21. Always good vibes. Awesome decor that never seems to get old. Probably one of my favorite spots in South Side.
5	After being dropped off in the South Side and striking out at a couple of other bars, we finally found our spot for the night at Lava Lounge. What can I say, this place is just downright awesome. There was no cover, the drinks were cheap, the music was loud, and I mean come on, the place looks like a cave. How cool is that?That being said, it can be a pretty confusing place inside once you have a few drinks in you, especially if you have never been there before. They keep it pretty dark and for me at least, it got a bit disorientating. Then again, I had been drinking, so who knows how much that came into play. All in all, Lava Lounge was a shining light in an area overrun by bro bars, and if I ever find myself in Pittsburgh again, I will be sure to make a trip to the South Side and visit this Fraggle Rock-esque bar again. Dance you cares away! Worries for another day!..
4	Lava Lounge with worth checking out for the ambiance alone.  Go to here, get a few drinks in you, and you will feel like you're in the cantina scene from Star Wars: A New Hope.  For real.  The decor looks amazingly like an underground lava bed. The crowd is pretty eclectic, too, which makes the typical South Side people watching and mingling so much more interesting.The bottle selection is great and they play all 80s music on Friday nights!  To put it in Yelp terms: Yay! I'm a fan.
4	Kind of fun! Good music, fun space and attentive bartenders.
3	We come to Lava Lounge for their 80s Night on Fridays occasionally.  I'm a recovering Upstage-r, so any DJ who is even moderately comparable to EZ Lou is, in my book, a great find. I'm happy to say that the DJ at Lava Lounge is just as good, and for that, we will definitely keep coming back to dance.To drink?  Well, that's a different issue.  I understand that this is the South Side, but the bartenders use teeny tiny measuring cups for your mixed drinks, meaning that you end up with less than a full shot of booze in each $4.50 drink.  Personality-wise, the bartenders are usually great: friendly, and good at handling the crowd that will all turn up at one time for the next round during an 'off' song.  I haven't been on any other night besides 80s Night, so who knows if this is just something they do when they're super crowded. Thankfully, I will dance to 80s music without a single drop of booze, so I manage pretty well :)My only other issue with the Lava Lounge is that they could definitely use more space in the back dance area. It gets SO crowded by the end of the night (which, good for them, we want a rockin' 80s Night to stick around!), and I wish there was some way they could expand a bit. I realize this isn't possible, so just take it as a heads-up that you will be sweaty and dancing with people you've never met before because of space constraints before the end of the night.Other than that, and the fact that you *do* have to deal with a few annoying typical South Side-rs (although there are quite a few former Upstage kids who come here now), this is a great 80s Night.  The DJ plays a ton of new wave and 80s pop. He throws in a Bon Jovi or Journey song here and there, but the majority of the setlist is made up of The Cure, Depeche Mode, Prince, Madonna, New Order, and similar bands. I appreciate a place that can make me feel like it's 1986 in 2004 all over again.
4	What else is better than sitting in a pit inside a bar that looks like you're inside a volcano??? NOTHING!  (Do be careful though getting into the pit, you don't need to fall)  The decor is amazing, they did an outstanding job to make it feel like you really are experiencing an inside of a volcano, not that I personally have been inside a volcano to be able to compare.Drinks are amazing, everything you can think of and more.  DJs are excellent when spinning their sounds.  The crowd is always lively.  If  you are in a bad mood entering the place you definitely will leave out of there in a better mood.  I love being able to just sit and collect my thoughts in the pit.  But seriously, watch your step.  It's great to get down there faster, but not worth the pain.
4	This place makes South Side cool.  This place is not your typical Carson Street bro fest.  This place is where you want to be!If you created a bar in a cave, this would be exactly what it would look like.  It's dimly light with red lights illuminating the rock walls.  You can hop into one of the little seating coves or grab a table with swirly looking chairs.  Nothing about this bar is boring as far as ambiance goes.As busy as the bartenders are, they're super friendly and quick.  I told the bartender chick to make me something fun and she whipped up this delicious cocktail she called the refreshing side of a margarita.  Wasn't too sweet, but had just the right kick to it (thanks tequila!).  I loved it!  At $4 it's a steal too!There's also a decent DJ on Saturday nights with a small dance floor in the back to werk your thang.  I appreciate a place that let's me werk it on the weekends!  Actually, coming here for the first time in a while, it makes me want to come back sooner...
5	This place was so much fun! My sister and I were in town for just 3 days we ended up here every night. I danced and danced the crowd was friendly and attractive.
3	This is a Kewl place.. They have really good drinks here
3	It's not your typical "South Side" joint, which I mean as a compliment. The decor is what I'd call volcano-chic, with fixtures that are curved like they eroded that way and sparkly bits all over the place, which gets especially fun when you check out a dance night such as their 80s Night Friday (at which I'm becoming something of a regular).If you do like the 80s Nights, this is a -- ahem -- rock-solid one. (Sorry.) Seriously, though, you'll hear a lot of great tunes, especially later into the night. Downside? It gets constant-strangers'-elbows-in-your-sides crowded as you dance past midnight.As for the drinks -- it's been said before that they're rather weak in the booze department, and I have to agree. The bar service is actually quite good on a customer service level, especially considering the wall of humanity they're tending to, but unless you're drinking the MD 20/20 they've got for sale, don't expect any sort of wallop in your glass.Overall, I'd recommend at least one go-round here; it's a unique and welcoming place. (Double-plus welcoming if you're a smoker.)
5	I had a great time here (aside from the lack of a smoking ban in the city). Good vibe, good drinks and prices and unique decoration. I'll definitely go back the next time i'm in town.
5	Kickass bar. The atmosphere is huge here. It's like hanging out in a volcano. A few good drafts and tons of bottles. Go here if you want something other than sports at your bar in the Southside.
3	One of the strangest places I've ever been to. The whole place smells like a head shop when you walk in and the decor is a cross between the Honey I Shrunk the Kids park at Disney World and the sitcom Dinosaur from the 90's. There was lava rock chair backs, gears in the tables, shell like seating areas, etc etc. I honestly don't even know how to describe it. The bar wasn't even bad, it was just so weird. The decor was not cohesive at all.I will say that the music was awesome. Not your normal club/dance music. It was just your every day music and I really enjoyed that. Plus the drinks were $2. My friend was so excited, he bought 8 drinks for the three of us....at one time. I would definitely check this place out again and update my review. I'm just slightly baffled at this time.
5	Just want to let yelp fans know at lava lounge in Pittsburgh. Cory mgr/bartender is great provides awesome service and this is a great place to hang. I travel all over the northeast and after a long day working best place to hang and have a drink and chill highly recommend to stop by if you are ever in Pittsburgh. Go steelers.
3	One of the few bars that isn't just another bar.   The place has a lot of character to it, from the decor to the people that work there.  I was only here for a drink or 2 so didn't get all the dirt.  I didn't see any food or TVs here, but they had a very good selection of beer which is always a good thing.  Small dance floor alllll the way in the back.  Bartenders were quick and friendly.    The place was a little cramped with the way it was laid out, but not a huge deal.Only real complaint was that there was no lock on the bathroom door.    How do you have a bathroom with no lock or no door on the stall?I would def recommend this place if you are working your way down Carson.
5	This place was awesome it had glass-blown light covers, steampunk looking machines. In the back room there were tables to sit at, an unoccupied DJ booth and the only empty spot was on the dance floor, one of the tables was built into the ground, it looked like a hot tub made into a bar table. Weird. The bar chairs were awesome, they were that of a Nightmare Before Christmas aura, the back was super tall, they spun you in little circles. Some real cool artwork was on the walls all over the place. My friend said it may be a hallucination theme. I can dig it, definitely a grungy ass place. It is a real cool place to experience, not too heavy on good beers. I give it five stars for being weird as hell...
4	Between karaoke and comedy shows I love lava. And I love my best friend Abby even more for showing me this place... The service is always prompt and the tequila and fireball are always flowing. Never had a bad night here. Well maybe besides that one time we rapped nicki minaj but hey it happens :)
4	I can finally say I've had drinks in a volcano!Yes, it was on my bucket list...don't judge me.We visited this place while on a family trip and wanted to get away from the amusement park area. I came to yelp and my fellow yelpers led me here!I LOVED IT!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE!From the moment I walked in and was greated by a lil puppy and lava rocks. I mean, the place is too cute. I walked around, ooohhh and ahhh about the crazy archeticure, the red lights, the cave like features...ahhh mah zing!The music was super on point...DJ slamming!!! all my hits! I could barely stay in my carved out booth!I was there with couples so we pulled out cards of humanity and played a couple of rounds and sipped on some drinks.The drinks were really great prices also, not hitting you over the head. My DH didn't love his gin and pineapple...maybe the pineapple was bad. I just got a straight gin the next time. Overall, I wish I owned this place or at least it wasn't so far away. I would love a spot like this in my town!
2	The only reason I gave this place two stars is because of the smoking.  I was under the impression that Lava Lounge was completely non-smoking on Friday and Saturday but I was misinformed.  The non-smoking rule only goes into effect at 8 PM AND only if the bartender actually enforces it.  That being said, this is a cool dive bar and a lot of fun.  I wish that the karaoke DJ paid more attention to us newbies (who might have been enticed into becoming regulars IF she gave us more time at the mic)...  This bar reminds me of Hells Kitchen and the Lower East in NYC - a nice eclectic mix of people... not too many tourists and a lot of regulars.  I doubt that I will go back solely because of the cigarette smoke.
4	This isn't the best bar in terms of drinks or prices but the atmosphere makes up for where other areas lack. The whole place is volcano themed and that in itself is pretty sweet. There's enough seating to just chill with friends and there's also a nice dance floor in the back. My experiences here have always been positive and I'll definitely be back for more.
3	I was here for just a minute, which is how long it took to chug a PBR.  I loved the setting...dark and somewhat foreboding, but colorful.  They had a DJ in the back, but I did not partake.  I will the next time I'm on the South Side.
4	Last night was my first time going to the Lava Lounge. It's been one of the few bars in South Side I've wanted to go to for about 2+ years and it did not disappoint! LOVED the lighting, the music, the bartender was super friendly and made an amazing bloody mary. Also there was no smoking and plenty of seating with tables, and it looks small when you first go in but then you realize there's a whole other back room with more seating and tables. Will definitely be recommending to others and returning myself.
