4	I know its gonna sound a bit foolish when I divulge that I was actually a bit scared to enter the Roadrunner Lounge, but the truth is that I was.  Due to its lack of windows and barebones facade, I concluded that this bar had the possibility of being the sort of place where, when I opened the door, I might bare witness to a mob boss or two trying to decide what they should do with the man they just shot...  but that wasn't the case.What I discovered was a long corridor flanked by mirrored walls and strings of multicolored lights, as well as ample seating and classic video games to boot.  The games included PacMan and Golden Tee, accompanied by a dartboard and a pool table - enough to keep the gamer in any of us busy for at least a few hours of drink-sippin.The drinks were cheap and strong, and the tunes were decent - however the digital jukebox put a frown on my face; I hoped for a Wurlitzer.  Our barkeep was friendly and efficient, and our drinks were strong and low-priced.  I think tap beer's only two bucks, and mixers aren't too much more.In conclusion, the next time you're feeling a bit nostalgic, and you're looking for a watering hole off the beaten path, kick a few back at the Roadrunner.  Bottom's up!
4	If you are in the mood for a dive bar -- this is heaven!Small, old-school charm, lots of regulars, and cheap booze.One pool table and a digital juke box add to the ambiance.A great place to just hang and drink... or start the evenings festivities.
3	Located across the street from the adult probation department, the Roadrunner is a true dive-bar. The drinks are cheap enough, and the beer cold enough, but there are better dive bars in the general vicinity such as the Tally-Ho, or the Playa.But, if you live close by and not in the mood to drive, or have a few minutes before you have to meet your probation officer, stop on in and have a cheap drink. That's what I did.
5	Great, fun place to kick back and enjoy a drink with good company! One of my favorite dive bars! Chill, fun atmosphere! Def. check it out!
4	They've got $5 ketel one on the rocks. It's walking/stumbling distance from my apartment. It might be the least pretentious bar in the Old Town vicinity. The only downside is you can really smell the cigarette smoke wafting in from the patio (and lingering on what seems to be most of the patrons here, who btw have an average age of 50), and I can't stand the smell of it. You get used to it after a while, and tend to forget about it after a few of the super cheap drinks. Well vodka drinks are only $3! On a Saturday night! I could get used to this...Oh, and the bartenders are chill and awesome. I will be back!
5	I'm officially in love with this bar. Drinks are so cheap, it's mind-boggling. I actually had to get package booze to-go so I could use my credit card to make the $10 minimum! You can order food from Little Chicago Pizza - which is in the same strip mall - and they'll deliver it to you at the Roadrunner. It's super-dark, nicely air-conditioned, with pool table, darts, juke box, and the requisite sports on tv. The bartender was fantastic, and the patrons were friendly. I recommend riding your bike or taking a taxi - the drinks are seriously that cheap.
4	Behold, the anti-Scottsdale!!!This is a splendid dive away from it all with great bartenders and a "no one gives a shit" vibe. You won't believe you're in Scottsdale. I actually came here after a few drinks in Old Town so I was a little overdressed but please reference my first sentence. The drinks are cheap and strong- I thought my third vodka soda was going to knock me on my ass.The narrow bar area opens up to a gaming area with darts and a pool table and a nice smoking patio out back.  The crowd are laid back and down to earth. You can come here with a group of friends, get shit-faced and split a cab for dirt cheap. Guaranteed good times and probably bad behavior.
4	This place is great! Easy walk to and fro my apartment. The bartenders are all friendly and know how to pour a decent cocktail. There's pool,darts,golf, trivia and bowling games. Lots of good people watching as a lot of the regulars know eachother and always some good,juicy story to listen to on the patio.
2	This place was terrifying to me.  I did not feel welcome whatsoever.  I came in and it took a pretty damn long time for me to place a drink order and then it took even longer to get the bartender to process my payment so I could get the hell out of there.The bartender wasn't rude to us at all.  Just indifferent.  I still felt like she hated me, though, and did a good job of masking it.  If a magical being granted her the ability to do something without any negative effects of it while I was at that bar, she would have chosen to put a cigarette out on my face.The two gentleman sitting at the bar next to me both sounded like Billy Bob Thornton from Slingblade and kept saying the words, "faggot" "cocksucker" and "brown chick."  I was wearing purple shorts and a tanktop and I was with my Mexican girlfriend so it's kind of impossible to think they weren't talking about us.  Who knows, though, they had rotten hillbilly teeth and I couldn't understand much else that they said.Still, man, my drink was stiff and cheap and I got kind of drunk off of one.  If this place was dead I'd like it much more.  I mostly just am terrified of the clientele.  I liked the booze and I was okay with the bartender who was slow to take my order and may have or may not have wanted to burn my face with a cigarette.
4	Welcome to your classic Scottsdale dive bar. Upon entry, bar to the right, tables to your left. Towards the back you'll find arcade games, darts, TVs and a pool table too. The biggest selling point is the patio in the back that features several places to sit and opens up into the huge alley which doubles as a parking lot; triples as a restroom for some patrons. Drinks are cheap and the bartenders are always in good spirits. You'll meet some interesting folk here on any given night, so don't be afraid to crack open some conversation along with your beer. I can't think of a dive bar that I've frequented more in Scottsdale than Roadrunner.
3	Tiny and a total dive. Pretty sketch. If you're into that kinda thing, you will like it. If you're not, you're gonna wonder what the hell you're doing there. Things to note: smoking section is a car port and they have gigantic Nati Lights.
4	Driven by a couple times and finally made plans to get a beer at the Roadrunner.It was nice and exactly what my friend and I were looking for, a quiet place where we could talk without a fedora or black rimmed glasses in sight. The bartender was nice and the feel of the place was indifferent, which was great since everyone kept to their own business.We only had one crazy guy kind of follow me and my girl around but his attempts to be subtle was futile because of the size of the place.Overall I would go back and leave any Scottsdale loving people to stand in their lines outside the Sandbar and to pay cover at Martini Ranch.CHEERS...
4	this bar is great,except for some drunk annoying girl i think her name is christina/kept showing me pictures of some ugly cat /strange i think her cat has aids/no hair
5	This is the best dive bar in the valley. Its a small place so seating is limited and it can get pretty busy on holidays and such. The owner and all of the employees are great and the drinks are cheap. Its a great spot! Everyone is welcome here but douchebaggery will get you nowhere fast.They don't serve food but you can walk across the street and grab something and come back and they have a pool table. They also have a juke box that has anything and everything you can think of =)
4	I was skeptical here but went in and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Jukebox, pool tables, darts, clean restrooms, and a lady with her dog. What more can you ask for in a local establishment? Beers are on the pricier side here (though I don't know why.) Maybe because it's in Scottsdale?? Whatever, dive bar worth visiting if you're out and about.
3	We wound up at this charming dive once after another place closed early.  We immediately noticed two things:  (1) It was so pleasantly quiet and chill and conducive to conversation; (2) We sensed our clothes would smell like smoke when we got home.  The beer selection included about a dozen lagers and one ale, plus some Mike's Hard Lemonade flavors.  I liked that there was a pool table in the back, but since we aren't smokers, and the smoke apparently drifts into the bar, it kind of eclipsed the charm for us.
