4	Beautiful Rainforest Cafe located in the MGM Grand.  The food is great and the service is good.  My favorite part of the restaurant is the lovely aquariums of beautiful Nemo and Dori (Finding Nemo) fish swimming in its tank.  The atmosphere is well suited for the well decorated and casual MGM Grand.
4	Great place to eat, although the place is kinda pricey!  We ate here close to closing, but the staff gladly seated us.  We got great service for being so late and the food was de-lish!  The dessert was awesome too!The surroundings are an eyecatcher (and an ear opener!). There are huge fish tanks, along with animated jungle animals in the "rainforest."  The bar area has an awesome waterfall effect.Good food, casual dining, I will definitely be back here.
1	Horrible food, crappy lighting, and the monkey sound effects I can do without! The flashing lights and animal cries are just plain disturbing to have going off while one is trying to eat and enjoy thier company!
2	I do like the tanks... and thats about it, I mean its not THAT bad if you wanna have ur own opinion and eat there, but once is enough for me, the food is not that big deal (actually its kinda bad), its pricey and the animal sounds like every 10 minutes (?) I can do without. The only good thing its that its inside one of my fav hotels MGM.
2	Um way overpriced. The food was ok. Nothing to write home about tho. We sat on an edge where the water "rains" and I got wet from it the whole time. Its decorated cute tho.
5	First off, the cafe is called RAIN FOREST so why are people complaining about the lighting and animal noises? It's an awesome theme and soo cute for children! I loved the decorations and how different it is from any other restaurant.  The fish tanks are amazing and I love the giant Mushroom in the middle.  When I ate there, I sat next to the waterfall with the strong man holding the world on his shoulders, it was pretty to look at.  The service was fast and friendly.  The prices, however, are pricey, but everyone I was eating with enjoyed their meal.  I LOVED the yummy orange slushy (smoothie) drink, it tasted like the Popsicles with ice cream in the middle of them with orange or cherry flavor on the outside. SOO GOOD, get one!!!P.S. The bathrooms where so cool!!!!P.S.S. There is a cute shop for souvenirs to look at while waiting (perfect for kids!)
1	First of all, it was very clear that everybody who worked here absolutely hated their jobs. The four(!) teen hostesses were giving out "you're an idiot" glares to customers like they were candy. When we were finally seated, we actually waited 5 minutes before grabbing menus ourselves. Then the waiter took our drink order and disappeared for 10 minutes to process it. 5 waters and a Coke!The sounds were ear blistering, too frequent, and accompanied by strange animatronic jungle animals. We were seated upstairs next to a giant gorilla who seemed to be stabbing himself in the stomach with a stick. That's basically how I felt after dropping $30 on a Denny's-caliber steak. This place, holistically, is in my top three worst dinings experiences of all time.
1	I get more pleasure giving a one star review for this place than I did actually eating the meal.  Nice setting, great for kids, but the food is outrageously overpriced and on the level of a bad TGI Friday's.  I went once because of the kids.  If I go again, it will be because I hate myself and may be contemplating suicide, so if you see me, stop me.
4	This is a fun and entertaining way to dine! We went here while on vacation in Las Vegas, and we are glad we went to this place. You walk into a restaurant that looks like a scene from the Jungle Book,with animals, trees and yes even rain! very cool atmosphere and good food too! We started off with some very good drinks and the Island Bruschetta which was good and I had the crab cakes which were very large but very very good as well! We ate so much good food, we left very happy! This is a wonderful place to check out as a novelty and the food is pretty good too!
3	Interesting place to be in Vegas. The animal sounds, rain, fog (or whatever it's supposed to be) is a nice touch and makes dining more fun. The food was average to say the least...I had the steak and shrimp for lunch and it was good. It did its job of satisfying my craving for an expensive lunch. It's food that you might find at a typical American cuisine restaurant, so it's nothing to rave about. We had the blue crab dip for an appetizer, which was surprisingly great. It had a distinct crab flavor. I did have their version of the mai tai, which was to die for...not too much alcohol (which is what I like) and very fruity.
2	I guess I probably shouldn't have walked in here since it seems to be a place for children, but I was with several people who were freaking out on weed cookies, which are very similar to children.we waited in an eternally long line to be greeted by 4-8 teenage hostesses, all of which seemed to be deciding whether they wanted to kill each other or the customers in line.  it must be a great place to work.  i thought the five 90 lb girls were going to tear me to shreds before we even made it into the restaurant.10 or 15 minutes after being seated we finally managed to grab our own menus and literally hunt down a waiter and make him take our orders.  the food took forever, but it was busy so i can't complain about that.  the food was not very good; imagine going to Applebees and paying twice as much.  but I've saved the best for last.  while I did like all the jungle decor, the sounds and actions going on every 2 to 5 minutes were frightening at best.  right next to our table there was a dying gorilla, uttering what sounded like a wailing death rattle over and over while pounding himself on the chest.  loud, fake rain noises, bird noises and things moving all over the place.  I would have given this place one star, but seeing my stoned friends totally freak out every time the jungle came to life made the experience somewhat worthwhile.
1	Blah.  Our original plan to the hit up the buffet was foiled when we realized we'd have to wait in TWO HOUR line so we chose the next best thing...this place.  My food was pretty comparable to a much more EXPENSIVE version of something I could get at my local Chili's.  Our service was so slow my friend barely left a tip.  I saw the other server busting his tail, but ours barely made eye contact.  The only redeeming factor here were the drinks which were actually decent tasting.  Ridiculous line.  Ridiculous atmosphere.  Outrageous prices.  We only went here because it was close and we had low blood sugar from lack of food.  Looks like I won't be going back here...no matter where I am.  I'll stick with Chili's thank you very much.
1	ProsI didn't get sick!!ConsThe "Food"While in Las Vegas my wife, 10 month old daughter, and I decided to try the Rainforest Cafe located in the MGM Grand. We all enjoyed the decor, the service was so so, but the food was absolutely disgusting. We started things off with 2 waters and a diet coke and ordered the "Awesome Appetizer". All the food on the platter (2 chix strips, 2 chimmi cha cha's ,crab dip, and calamari) was cold except the crab dip which was piping hot. One thing I don't understand is the chix strips and calamari where both very lightly cooked almost underdone but the chimi cha cha (similar to a chili's southwestern eggroll) was overcooked and really dark. Having worked in a restaurant for a few years I knew this was from using old fry oil that had gone too long without filtration or replacement, it causes a burnt crust with an almost smoky/bitter taste and an undercooked center.For our main dishes I had ordered a cobb salad and my wife had the "Rasta Pasta". My salad was also pretty bad, a good portion of the lettuce was wilted. It was also pretty clear that they didn't take the time to dry the lettuce after washing it. The wet lettuce couldn't hold onto the dressing which caused a pool of water/dressing to form in the bottom of my bowl. My wifes pasta wasn't as disgusting, but it wasn't good either. The chicken was tolerable but overall the whole dish was dry and bland.The total bill for our meal came to just over $70 which is way to much for the quality of the food. After 11 nights in Las Vegas this is by far the worst place we ate at, I have no idea why the MGM Grand would allow the restaurant in it's casino.  It's a shame I have to give this place even one star which is one more than it deserves.
3	It's basically an above average place to get some food before a night of drinking and clubbing.  Like everyone said, it is pricey for what you are getting and it's your typical American type food but the portions were good and I'm all about the portions.  The animal noises and faux lightning wasn't too distracting... it's just part of the theme people!  What do you expect from a RAINFOREST cafe?
2	I've only had breakfast here before, so I can't comment on the rest of the food.  The decor of the place is interesting, but cheesy, but then again, it's the Las Vegas Strip, so what do you expect?So I order a breakfast plate that comes with eggs, sausage, potatoes, and bread.  The potatoes were way too salty, the sausage was OK, and the eggs were kind of like the kind you get at a breakfast buffet or airplane.  My friend took me out for breakfast, so I don't really remember how much it cost, but I do remember that I didn't think it was worth the price.  I think the MGM Buffet nearby is a better deal with better food, but oh well... To me, this place is just way too gimmicky...
4	- 1 Star for slow service & high pricesBesides the two problems above, we had a really fun time. I love the cheesy Rainforest theme decor. The sounds and rain were so cool. The food was pretty good, and the drinks were ok. I wouldn't go again, its like a one time deal for me. Been there done that.
3	This place is fun and very good for kids.  Fully themed, you are basically having your meal in a forest surrounded by wild animals, typical jungle sounds serenade you as you dine.  I'm not sure of the timing, but every once in a while, the animals come to life for about a minute.The food is good.  I had the Mogambo Shrimp pasta.  I've only been here once - way back when MGM was still doing the whole Wizard of Oz theme at the main entrance.  And the lion out front was a cartoony looking lion head with emerald eyes.  Not the grand gold lion that sits on a platform today.  Wow, has it really been that long?   I remember the dish because I've been to the Rain Forest Cafe in San Francisco since then, and I ordered the same thing.
1	I'm quite forgiving and usually will give a place a second chance, I truly regret that I gave this atrocious place another.The food itself is fine.  the coconut shrimp and the ribs are always well done.  Their crab dip is also quite delightful, and you can easily be filled up on this stuff alone.However when it comes to the MGM location, the star meter should be in the negatives strictly based on service alone.  Never have I been to a place where I've felt more neglected and treated so rudely.  This is the second time it's happened to me here and I'll never come to this location again.Our story starts off with us getting seated next to a huge b-day party of fifteen.  Our hostess leaves telling us to enjoy our "safari".  Ten minutes go by and not a single "hello" or drink order from anyone.  I'm tipping over w/ rage at this point based upon my previous experience and immediately call upon my first manager.  I explained to her how time has gone by and we haven't been helped and she was shocked and took our order right away.Now you'd think at this point the person that's supposed to be waiting on us would've come by to apologize at least.  If he did that all would be forgiven somewhat.  However he didn't.  In stead he acted like his mom just took away his TV privileges for a month and he slid our waters onto our table, tossed my dining card on the table and stormed off.  I had it at this point and was redder than their stupid sparkly thing they put on their volcano dessert.Upon comes my request for manager #2.  I requested that our waiter be removed and replaced with a different one or we get reseated to a different section.  I even could've played the race card if I wanted to as it was clear our waiter didn't like Asians and would rather serve his own kind, but I let it be.  The manager was very apologetic and introduced us to our new waitress as the other manager came over with our appetizers.  At this point our original waiter came over and noticed both his bosses and another colleague were at our table and actually tried to come over and take the appetizer platter away from the manager and serve it to us.  Everyone kind of just looked at him stunned.  Needless to say I wasn't too pleased and voiced my opinion to have him removed from our presence immediately.  The managers shooed him away like you would any animal that came near your property.  The service did get better at this point as Manager #2 was always within our line of sight and he kept a constant watch to make sure we were taken care of.  However this didn't make up for the delays and the neglect right off the start.I admire the managers for taking control and making sure they did what they could to rectify a poor situation, however the bad service from our original waiter stems from above.  They should have a firmer grip on their staff and should make sure they hire people that know how to do a good job.Food is a 3-star, however the experience ruins all aspects of it altogether.
1	If I could award this location no stars, I would.  This is the 4th Rainforest Cafe location I've eaten at and it was an absolutely horrible experience.  It was for (one of) my best friend's wedding lunch after they got married at the MGM Grand wedding chapel.  Now, I know, as a rule, Rainforest Cafe is slow... and it's mostly due to the fact that they want to give people ample opportunity to enjoy the ambiance and experience (especially since that's all reflected in the price of food!).... but when you make a reservation... and they're 45 minutes PAST the reservation time in seating you when you arrive 10 minutes early... that's ridiculous... and also, what is the point of making reservations if you don't plan to keep them?!?Once we were FINALLY seated... our waiter was very rude about how the check would be split (no options were given, we were TOLD)... and then he went MIA before taking orders... we had to wait 30 minutes before placing our orders... our food didn't come out til nearly an hour after we had been seated... and then we had to wait another 45 minutes after EVERYONE had finished before we got our checks and could pay (if you're doing the math, we were there nearly 2-1/2 hours total!)!  To top it off... our waiter didn't even finish things up with our tables... he totally disappeared... if I didn't know better I'd think the huge animatronic gorilla ate him as he rounded the corner from our tables!!!I have NEVER experienced such horrid service at a restaurant in my entire life!
3	Just went to the Rainforest Cafe with a friend for lunch today. The line was long, but we were approached within 10 minutes by a hostess, who asked for the number in are party, and informed us their was a 30 minute wait for a table, but if we see bar seats open up we were more than welcome to take them. We sat at the bar, the service was suprisingly attentive until it was time for us to pay.  Their menu offers a wide variety of items, I had the Bacon BBQ Cheeseburger and my friend had a Chicken Caesar Salad with fries. I thought that my burger was pretty good for $12.49. Overall, if you want an interesting touristy experience visit the Rainforest Cafe.
3	Service is poor,decor is very fun,Go for the fun factor,Food isvery average,good for a quick snack
3	It's a chain what do you expect? Anyway the place appears to have hardcore lines of families at any time of day when you're looking for a table. So it may not be the place for you if you want a quick bite to eat. But it was around 5 pm, and after having nothing but a protein shake and mcdonalds having spent all day at  the UFC weigh-ins...I was starving.  So I walked right into the bar and had a seat.   Bartender was nice, and quickly took my order. I went for the chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes. It's hard to mess up anything deep fried and or full of butter....so my food was quite tasty and I did get it rather quickly. After that service pretty much disappeared for me. If that had not been the case I'd easily give this place four stars. Anyway the prices are fair, I think for the same price and assuming you're not with a family of kids...there are plenty of better options to eat in Vegas.~G
2	Overpriced. If they cut their prices by a 1/3 and gave that money to preserving rain forests, they'd be doing their patrons and the environment a humongous favor. For these prices, I'd go elsewhere. The only reasonably priced items are the salads, sandwiches and burgers hidden on the 2nd from last page--of course. The three of us had the Chinese chicken salad for $13.99 each and sparkling water, soda and ice tea.This place has to be family and birthday central. I think I saw enough sparkler candles for me to forgo the 4th of July this year. Then all the animatronic animals do their roar and squawk routine occasionally. They are probably upset they aren't getting a cut of the outrageous prices.Verdict: Stop global warming and price gouging by avoiding this tourist and bad food trap.
2	We moved here just this past November and since that time I've looked forward to taking my kids to The Rainforest Cafe. A friend came to visit so this seemed like the perfect time to go. We did not have reservations but we did not have to wait long for a table. However, once we were seated we had to wait forever just to have someone take our drink orders. Then it was more waiting as we waited for someone to take our food order--which I thought twice about after seeing the prices. This place is so overpriced it isn't funny. My friend got a burger and asked for no onions. They gave her onions. I asked for an iced tea with lemon. I got a very weird tasting tea in a dirty glass with no lemon. I ordered the quesadilla appetizer and it was very good. But that was basically the only good thing I can say about this experience. No one ever came to check on us or ask if we wanted more to drink. When we were ready to go it literally took 20 minutes for us to get someone's attention to get us our check--and by this time the place was not all that busy. We were there with three small children and what should have been maybe a 45 minute meal took more than an hour and a half because of the service. It was ridiculous. We have lots of family and friends planning vactaions to Vegas and we will absolutely NOT be taking them to the Rainforest Cafe.
3	Food: Food is not bad but nothing special. I had the Planet Earth Pasta which was basically sliced sausage, penne, and marinara sauce. I just so happened to be craving pasta that day so I didn't care for ordering a more fancy dish. The chicken quesedillas were also good ad were free (thanks for a free appetizer coupon I found in one of those Vegas mags). Price: About $18 and up for most entree dishes or around $15 or so for burgers, etc. Good portion for price. Service: Our waiter was friendly and our food came out fast. This is a family/kids restaurant so I can understand the fun and outgoing attitudes of most of the servers, however the host in the front had major attitude and looked like she needed help on managing the incoming diners. Atmosphere: Its loud in here, lots of random rainforest noises. There was a storm halfway into our dinner and there were servers randomly yelling out "Volcano!" everytime someone ordered their Volcano ice cream dessert. I wouldn't normally choose to dine at a place like this while in Vegas but I had a coupon on the restaurant was right near our show theatre so I figrued this time I'd let it slide...Location: Located in MGM Grand
4	What's so wrong with a chain? Anyway, going to this restaurant is like seeing a free attraction and getting good food too. I had a pasta dish with white sauce and it was great. I also ordered a cocktail and it was great too. I love the animatronics, although they sat me next to an elephant that kept making noises and scaring the crap outta me. It's so fun when they have simulated rainstorms with thunder and lightning.One thing -- I did get tired of hearing them shout Volcano when they broght out this dessert that sounded like it tasted horrible but was a Volcano so of course kids wanted to order it.
3	I got the Awesome Appetizer Adventure. It was a lot of food for me. Haha The Chimi-Cha-Cha's were very good! I was sad that I couldn't finish the last piece :[  The Chicken Tenders were alright, nothing special about them.  Calamari was pretty good with the red sauce and the nachos were great with the salsa or artichoke drip. The only thing I didn't like about this place the loud jungle noises especially when the thunder came on. That scared the crap out of me the first time... The waiter service was not that good too, friendly, but very slow.
3	Look! The fish tank is awesome. The decor is awesome. And awwll the little brat next to me shot bread over at my direction and the parents aren't doing anything about it. Awwlll. And there's a thunder storm every like 20 mins. Fun!Besides that. It was crowded but it's beautiful. THe food is on par with red robin. It's nothing special. BUT! What saves this place is the awesome bar and the awesome  birthday lava thingy majig. It's like chocolate flowing over more chocolate and ice cream and.. I'm so throwing bread back at that little punk and savoring my dessert.  :)
4	Yeah, it's a regular burger joint.Though, everytime I come to Vegas I have to come here.I hate how crowded it is, but I go anyway.There are no awkward bikini clad diners here and its family friendly and thats why I go.The food is in large portions and fills me up.The crazy decor is always fun at any of the Rainforest locations.The rainstorm is fun the first time, but around the fourth time...it gets kind of...distracting?Though, I always enjoy the place, the drinks are fun, the portions are big. How can you NOT be satisfied?
1	I too had the Awesome Appetizer Adventure which was neither awesome nor an adventure. Our waiter seemed annoyed that we were just having appetizers and drinks (eventhough it was 2 pm on a Friday afternoon and the place was half empty) and so he took our order and didn't check on us again until it was time to pay. The only person who seemed to actually care if we got our food and if we needed anything else was our runner (I don't know the technical term.. waiter's assistant?) Juan who was very sweet. The appetizers were lukewarm and the calamari was chewy (vomit). In retrospect we shouldve just sent it back instead we just learned a lesson for next time.
2	My Brother and I fell victim to this chains advertising inside the Southwest Airlines Spirit Magazine on board flights from Houston to Las Vegas.   Looked like a really cool place to take our parents when meeting them in Vegas.    So sure enough we trekked into the MGM Grand from the entrance across the street from New York New York and it's right there to the left when you walk in.   Quite easy to find.   The food was average chain food, like you would expect at TGI Friday's, just not as salty.   The entire allure of this place is the decor, when you have some cybernetic monkey's, gorilla and elephant that comes to life every once in a while (In vintage Chuck E. Cheese style).  And something I am still impressed with, it actually rains inside now and then, not all over the place obviously but in some areas quite close to your table.   This place must be a food inspectors nightmare!   Heheh.      It is cool and worth one visit.     Maybe consider just ordering an appetizer plate and split it, just to visit and have a drink.
2	hype, food sucks, the atmosphere is kinda cool though.
5	The place is awesome. Food delicious!
3	After going to all the wonderful places, I almost forgot I ate here.  I ate at Rainforest at Disney for lunch....77 dollars and worth every red cent.  Couldn't wait to go back.  Hit up this Rainforest in MGM, got the ribs............not impressed after having the ribs at Disney.  I loved Rainforest before i went to this one.  The waiter was ok, the drink was ok.   The layout of this place is good and the design is awesome!  But, beyond that....NOTHING TO SEE HERE PEOPLE....oh, on the way there's a bar called Centrifuge where the bartenders dance on the counter.  That was cute.
3	The atmosphere was lively. With active animals, birds, stars, and fishes along with sound effects. My three year was satisfied. The menu is expensive. The food was good but not big enough for the price. Maybe if you want to think of it as "show and lunch" with all the things to look at.There is an attached store that one can shop b4 or after their meal. Also many interactive (fake) animals. Picture opportunities. Kid-friendly if the budget allows a splurge.
5	Went with wife and kids on Sunday, around 5. Not too long a line, maybe 15 minutes. Food was great, kids love ribs and they were fantastic. Chicken Caesar salad is also very good. It's not expensive, but definitely not cheap either. Your kids will have fun.
1	Avoid! by all means.  nasty food, overpriced alcohol and food.  annoying ambiance.
1	I wasn't expecting much from this place except for atmosphere.  I made the mistake of ordering the BBQ Chicken pizza.  I'd be willing to wager it came straight from a microwave oven.  The crust was stiff as cardboard, the cheese and chicken were not the least bit flavorful.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody with tastebuds.  I've had much better food at Chili's for half the price.  You can walk through the gift shop and check out their large aquariums for free--there's really no need to waste your money eating here.A better alternative if you're staying at the MGM Grand is the all day buffet.  The food isn't spectacular, but it's a much better value at $30 for three meals.  I enjoyed the build your own omelets, prime rib, and desserts.
2	Food was good, but a bit expensive for what you're getting.  Drinks are soo expensive here, but what isn't in Vegas....Ambiance was obviously over the top.  Should come here if you have children.  The server dropped the cherry from my drink on my lap...
3	Came here twice this year, due to staying at the MGM grand the place is pretty nice itself with the rainforest theme and all but it's pretty dark which bothered me when I was eating. Let me say the food is pretty damn good thoughFirst Time- Primal Steak which was a NY steak served with mash potatoes and vegetables were great I would say about 3 1/2 starsSecond Time- Had the ribs/steak/shrimp platter which was good as well steak:3 ribs:2 shrimp: 4 starsoverall pretty good experience we had a very outgoing waiter as well which always helps !
3	Well they charge you for the experience...and not the food or service. We went here for breakfast, because no one else really does breakfast in Vegas, except buffets. And we had two buffets and day before, so thought we should hold back a little. Anyway, service was slow, food was okay, and the thunderstorm went off twice while we were there. Bf and I shared the french toast plate, and it doesn't seem so bad when you share.
2	Wow, I'm really glad I was able to avoid this place for so long. I finally got sucked in and went for dinner with a co-worker. I thought it was bad stuff. Terrible and flavorless - tasted like crappy TGI Friday but in the jungle. Honestly, didn't enjoy anything from appetizer or entree ordered. I do not suggest it - touristy and awful. Cool waiter saved this from being a total disaster.
1	The thunderstorms should've been a foretelling of what was to come.....We have been to the location in Downtown Disney (and everything Disney is always uber-organized), so we figured why not, and came here with our nieces that we were watching for the day/night and little one while staying at the Signature. You'd think that since this place is supposed to be about the experience and appeal to children that the kids would've had a blast. I should start off by saying that I called down to make a reservation from our Suite, and was hung up on twice within the phone actually picking up on the 7th ring!! Finally called down to our Concierge and mentioned we were unsuccessful for the last 10 minutes (I waited to call twice more hoping it was an "accident" - I know glutton for punishment, but those who know me know I am a huge pushover and ALWAYS think that there are such things as 5th chances....). After confirming a reservation with the concierge, they called back to say that the Cafe said we would have to wait 2 hours for a reservation, but if we wanted to head down now that we'd be able to get seated right away...????? So we headed down 2 hours later, just because the girls we're just too into the Lazy River. :)When we got there - the condescending hostess asked me, and OVER enunciated every syllable:" I AM SORRY - DO YOU KNOW IF YOU ACTUALLY MADE THE RES-ER-VA-TION FOR TODAY? OR A DIFFERENT DAY? DO YOU UNDERSTAND?" I blinked back in disbelief considering at 2 pm, half the restaurant was empty, and there wasn't even a line in the walk in area. So I fired back with:"Yes, Indeed I understand what you are saying. The reservation is at 2, I called your line from our OWNERS suite in the Signature and was hung up on..."interrupted with - oh we're very busy - so that tends to happen""NOT that that is acceptable, but I had our personal concierge call down for a reservation from the Signature - does that perhaps refresh your memory?""She said, well, I'll see what I can do"WTF ? Who the F treats people that way? You're not freaking Craftsteak or any of the fine dining establishments in the building, and we're not random idiots who wandered off the street.So back with the person who thinks that I don't understand her English vernacular, or that I am said random Idiot - we will find something for you but how many children do you have. 4, plus 2 adults, and one of the children needs a highchair. OK I didn't ask about the high chair, I want to know how many children - can you tell me that?OK - 4 children, 2 adults I said through a gritted teeth and a smile. After all, the kids are the ones who said they wanted to come here because their friends thought this was such a cool place. The entire process to get to our table was like this. The only consolation was that the guy who actually seated is was an older gentleman, very pleasant, and when he saw that within a few minutes of us being seated that we were going to have to encounter the wild Elephants bellowing in our faces within less than a foot, he volunteered to move us elsewhere - we gladly obliged. Our almost 2 year old, and the 7 and 10 year old nieces literally jumped every time the storm started because the elephants trunk would "toot" in their direction and shriek whenever a thunderstorm came. Not amusing. It took that long for the same cocky hostess to find us a table in a near  half empty restaurant. I think that is her way of trying to f with people with her "perceived power".Good thing it usually takes us about that long to get the kittens in a box and figure out who wants what off the menu. The server was nice enough at first.Then we had to remind him to bring 2 of our drinks, and oyster crackers for the 2 bowls of Clam Chowder. He brought them eventually, after the soup was half way finished. The food is TGIF with a twist on the name of the entrees. Like the Rumble in The Jungle Turkey Wrap. Wild Turkey in a Jungle? That should only come in a bottle.... VERY unexciting food really - except for my coconut shrimp = I only had one. Everyone else at the table had one off my plate. Should say something about the quality of the other food. p.s. WHO THE F charges 10 bucks for a kids Macaroni and small portion of bread? At the end of the meal, he did end up bringing our bill to us once he saw the kiddies were done eating. After telling him to charge it to our suite - he proceeded to give me the bill to sign, and mention that if we wanted to leave him a tip that we could do so at the bottom. Good thing I looked at all the receipts included and noticed the only one that listed the 17% service charge that was already added, was on the receipt he was going to keep for himself.Too bad, no half stars - that would've gone to the older gentleman who really tried to be accommodating. Though we like the Restaurant Row available at the MGM/Signature - this place really takes the fun and convenience out of it.
1	Horrible, overpriced food! Horrible service, manager was even rude. I bought kids meal w/chicken fingers & a salad for $50 for my son's birthday! Outrageous. To top it off, on the way out a waiter tried to schedule a rendezvous in front of my son. Low class tourist trap. Never again!
4	My husband and I went for dinner on a Sunday night. It was pretty but we walked around for 20 or so minutes and were seated when we returned. Our server was very friendly and kept up on the refills. I ordered the nachos and let me just say, seriously, they were THE BEST NACHOS OF MY LIFE! I don't know what they did to the beef to make it so delicious but WOW they were fantastic!My husband got the Ribs. They were so meaty and falling off the bone!! Their fries are really yummy too- of course I had to steal a couple. But don't feel bad for him. As soon as he cleaned his plate he dove into my nachos!! We had a friend meet up with us and she dove right into my nachos too! Between the 3 of us we still couldn't finish them all.Of course, I wanted to make sure to save room for dessert. We got the volcano! It's brownie goodness with vanilla ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauce, and whip cream all shaped like a volcano. This place is not inexpensive but c'mon it's Vegas. Nothing is cheap here.All I can say is, those nachos are worth every penny!
1	Me and the boyfriend came here on our last day in Vegas.. bad idea. Our waitress talked to us like we were little children and she actually made me feel dumb when she was talking to me! The food was horrible! I would never come back here ever again. Its way over priced too! Do yourself a favor and skip this place!
1	This restaurant is in the MGM......but how it's still open for business, I just don't know. If I could give this place 0 stars I would. It was *absolutely horrible*!!We had to wait in line to be seated, and then it took way too long for the server to get our drink orders. The food was horrible. We got the "Chef's Special" appetizer (artichoke dip) with a coupon, and it had absolutely no flavor. My husband ordered the buffalo wings and I'm pretty sure they came out of a frozen bag from the grocery store. I ordered a seafood sampler that had lobster, shrimp, scallops, and mahi mahi. You would think that would hard to get wrong, but it was terrible. No flavor, rubbery lobster, and just overall bad. The only thing I enjoyed was the drink I ordered, a Margarilla (margarita with orange sherbet). However I got it in the souvenir cup, so it cost be almost $20. Overall we paid $80 for a horrible meal and bad service. Never, ever going back. I suggest you don't either.
4	Great place, good food, sometime its slow service
3	Pizza looked good but i didn't end up getting it.  I forget what I got now because it wasn't worth it to remember.  I will only go back because the females in our group love it.  I go there mostly to get the jello shots from the bar on the way into mgm from NYNY.
3	As annoying as the jungle noises may be and the hoards of kids and strollers parked in a maze-like line, I enjoyed my cobb salad here; not served with blue cheese but with a vinegarette instead. For small parties, avoid the long wait during peak times by grabbing an open seat at the bar. A good alternative to outrageously-priced dining throughout the casino (excl McDonalds).
1	It was slightly overpriced, but for the atmosphere and ambiance it's worth it. The waitor was friendly and gave us his recommendations on every possible section of the menu. All you hear are exotic birds chirping and tigers roaring every 5 seconds. I would also like a giant mushroom in my room. And skies and forest. The food was excellent.Until I got food poisoning from the medium rare steak and spent the next 30 hours vomiting every hour.
3	Kids menu - GREAT.  Service - GREAT.  Appetizer - Meh.  Hot dogs is two mini hot dogs that can be shared by two small children.  Plenty of different sides to choose from for young picky eaters.  Since the kids were sharing, they put their "drink" in two separate cups at no charge.  THANK YOU!.  Our sppetizer wasn't so good.  At the RFC in Orlando it was phenomenal...not so much here.  Oh well.  Wrestling two squirming kids to eat their food occupied most of our time. =)
2	The food was average, leaning towards the lower end of the scale. Half rack of spareribs were not that scrumptious. I forced myself to finish the meat..it was hard because there were a lot of tendons in the meat..fat too. Blegh. Kids meals are round about ten dollars. 3 mini hot dogs and some fries for 9.99? Please. I know we're in Vegas, but ridic? The mozzarella sticks were mediocre, cannot go wrong with that. The food took awhile. Server was not that attentive. Decor was fun-that is where the 2 stars come in. Would I return? Nope. =/
3	Walked by on way to run and decided to grab breakfast instead. I ordered steak and eggs and it was awesome. Great cut of meat cooked exactly as I ordered.
5	Damn... this place has some bad reviews....My experience last night was pleasant and the food was delicious. Maybe because I went on a Tuesday night... I don't know.This is the first rainforest cafe I have ever been to. The place is soooo beautiful! I really like the sky replica with the milky way, the moving leopards, fishes, water fall and thunder that comes on every 30 mins. So beautiful.  I had the free coupon for an appetizer and I got the pita quesadillas.My boyfriend got a platter with ribs, chicken and coconut shrimps. I got a BBQ chicken wrap with chips, great flavor. We really enjoyed it.
3	The Rainforest Cafe is good if you have children. My kids love this place - because of the animatronic animals, it "rains" inside, occasional "thunderstorms" punctuate the meal, and you can sit under a huge magic mushroom. (Oh - and you can watch the Lakers game under the mushroom too.) Note - you can split most of the kids food menu items between two kids if they are under 6 years old. If you do not have children - then you are not likely to enjoy this place, and there are much better restaurants in close proximity with better food, drinks, and atmosphere. Basically - the rain forest keeps my kids entertained and they can be noisy. My wife and I split a Chinese chicken salad and the clam chowder in a bread bowl... the salad was pretty good - the clam chowder was average. My kids had the chicken and shrimpkins with fries - they gave it 5+ stars - but they have underdeveloped taste buds and often give soggy Foster Farms corn dogs 6 stars. Try the Rainforest if you have kids... the food is overpriced, but someone has to pay for all of the animatronic goodness and fake rain.
1	What was I thinking eating here?
1	Okay..... So I know that in some of my reviews I may have complained about food, service, or a small combination of things.... Ha well, guess what.. You are about to read about all of the above. The in-laws came into town last night and wanted to go to the strip tonight and since we had our daughter with us they decided on the Rainforest Cafe for Dinner. We walked up to the counter and the the older gentleman working the desk looked at us and counted us on his fingers and I think he was about to pull his shoes off and start counting toes, Keep in mind there was 4 and a baby..... As we stand there we can count 8 open tables and we are the only people waiting for a table. The guy then tells us that the wait will be 10 to 15 minutes. For what, I could not tell you, so while waiting we let our daughter stair at the fish tanks near the entrance until she was tired of making the fishy face and tormenting the fish by tapping on the glass. Finally they came to tell us that they had a table for us. We then walk to our table that has absolutely no view of any of the animaltronics. Don't get me wrong, I know that we were not really visiting a Rain Forest and the teenagers in Steve Erwin's hand me downs are not real guides but the last time I ate a Rainforest cafe they attempted to seat families with children near the animals and scenery. Ten minutes or so after being seated the waitress approached our table and the first thing she asked was, "so were are you all from?" As soon as we said Vegas, she may as well have taken off the safari hat and moved onto another jungle because that was almost the last time we saw her, I don't know were that attitude comes from because honestly, being from here I would probably tip her better than a out of town-er since I am not there to scimp on my meal to save money for a Leaning tower of margarita or the spin to win penny slots. I read the menu and realized that they give you lays potato chips with your $14 BBQ Chicken Wrap.. What the hell is that about? Excuse me Safari guide did you just say $2.49 extra for french fries? To make this extremely long rant a little shorter, i will say between the 4 adults and 1 child we spent $7.50 to add fries, got $5.00 worth, also at some point our "guide" fell off the safari truck and somehow made it back on at the end of the long dusty non animal existent ride just when it was time to collect the $80 for this ridiculous experience.. I was pretty irritated and could have put on my own Gorilla pounding on the chest show by the time we left. I would rather of went to the McDonald's on the strip and watched the Herds of Human cattle and had a much better meal and sat right under the arches.
4	I'm kind of a sucker for theme restaurants and this place was impressive.  The animatronic critters scattered throughout were pretty cool, but I really enjoyed the storm.  Also, there were fish tanks all over the place and a nice waterfall-type thing with Atlas standing in the middle of it.  Overall, the ambiance of the place was spectacular.I had clam chowder in a sourdough bowl which was pretty good.  My friend got a burger and fries, which looked good.  The fries were tasty, at least.The service was decent.  I've had better, but it was at a much more expensive restaurant.  There was a guy wandering around doing magic tricks for the kids, which was neat.I'd recommend checking this place out, (whether in Vegas or one of their other locations), at least once.  It's just plain fun.
2	I knew what I was in for, debated 3* because of it, but no.WAY too pricey for what you get.  Decent helpings, but just not worth the money.Chicken lettuce wraps - strange rendition that I wasn't a fan of (cold pickled cucumbers?), though fresh & sizable.Cobb salad - fine, kinda soggy.  Certainly not worth $18.Lime Margarita on the rocks - actually decent.I know you're in a casino.  Rent's probably astronomical.  But arghh.  Might be the best value around, but I don't have to like it.
3	We went to Rainforest Cafe because we were in a pinch, time-wise.  We were looking for the least expensive restaurant in the MGM Grand, and this was it!  The food was pretty good, but still pricier than restaurants not located on the Strip.  My husband and I had a reservation for 8:15 and we got there at 8:17 and they still didn't have a table for us.  We had to wait 10 minutes to get seated (leaving us with only 50 minutes before we had to be seated for Cirque de Soleil).  We ordered right away, and to their credit, the food was brought relatively quickly.  I got the check as SOON as our food arrived to ensure that we could just bolt when we were done eating.  I had the Avocado Burger, and it was ENORMOUS!  It had avocado, a huge onion ring AND bacon piled on top.  Wow!  I could barely get my mouth around it, and I was only able to eat half of it.  Same went for my husband, who ordered the Blue Mountain burger.  The burgers were very tasty, even if it's impossible to eat the whole thing!  (I really don't want to know the calorie count on THOSE burgers!)  The fries were very good, thin and crispy.  We also shared a chicken quesadilla, which came on pita bread instead of the traditional tortilla - a nice twist but BOY that's a lotta carbs!If we hadn't been in such a rush, we could have relaxed and enjoyed ourselves more, but we did get to see 2 rainstorms, which are always cool.  The lights go dim, the fake sky glows and thunders, the animatronic animals roar and move around, and water pours from the ceiling into planters that catch the "rain."  Overall, I would say that it is a perfectly fine choice for a tasty dinner and a fun atmosphere.  It is a little too gimmicky for my taste, and the food is a little over-priced for the basic fare it is, but it IS on the Strip, so you will pay a little more for everything.  They do have healthy options such as salads and veggie burgers, so it is possible to eat healthier than we did.  It's a bit noisy, so it's not a romantic, intimate option.  Good for families and parties.  Make a reservation, as it is VERY busy, and service may be a little slow at peak hours.
3	Atmosphere: family and children's place. Nosy and dark. Lots of rainforest decorations. Cool fishes and fake animal decorations.Food:guacamole burger- hecka thick meat that i had to take most of it off. I wished there was more guac. The side of coleslaw tasted light and not as flavorful.regular burger- same as guac burger except no guac.chicken alfredo- my friend seemed to like it a lot b/c she ate most of it.Drinks- we ordered 3 drinks, but they are weak as hell. Not worth it if you are looking to be buzzed. My drink even had Bacardi 151,but still nothing. I just felt relaxed and sleepy.Service- Food and drinks came pretty fast. Normal service from the waitress.Price was a bit expensive.
2	When someone visits from another country, one of the first things they want to see is "Rainforest Cafe." I recall going to my first one in Illinois at the age of 13 and thinking it was the coolest.place.EVER. Of course, our standards change as we continue to be exposed to new places, people, and flavors...So while we were in Vegas, I decided to take my best friend to the "Rainforest Cafe" at MGM. We tasted their:* CHIMI-CHA-CHA* CHEESE STICKS* COASTAL CALAMARI * LOBSTER DIP* RAINFOREST-CAFE THEMED MARGARITA-ESQUE DRINKSThe coastal calamari was like rubber, the cheese sticks chewy, the chimi-cha-cha mediocre at best and had a strange slightly bitter aftertaste. The lobster dip's a hard one to screw up with respect to taste - it's mostly cheese, with little bits of lobster mixed in. The margarita-esque drinks were HUGE, strong, and sweet. They weren't bad, but I was pretty much indifferent to them.I learned a long time ago that you don't go to a Rainforest Cafe for the food. You go for the fun interior when you've got 1.) visitors who've never been & don't have one near them or 2.) kids to entertain. What about the 150% more you're paying than if you went to that other place? Consider it an admission fee.NOTE: I grant them 2* because once you've outgrown the OMG-like-whoa interior, what you prioritize is the food.
2	After driving 5 hours from San Diego to Las Vegas with my girlfriend and her two kids we check into the MGM Grand Signature Towers for 3 days of fun. We thought the Rainforest Cafe would be a good choise for dinner since we didn't feel like driving anywhere and wanted a sit down meal in a place the kids would enjoy. The food was very mediocore and not worth the money they charge at all. My $14 cheesebirger was cold and seved on a stale bun. The service and atmosphere were fine but the weak drinks and crappy food only get 2 stars from me. Do not go there!!!
5	Never had been there before and it was good. we had a nice server and I had a Burger and the burger was HUGE and super yummy. My son enjoyed the atmosphere.
2	I've always loved the Rainforest Cafe, so while in Vegas we chose to go there for lunch on our last day.  They offer a gluten free menu which is what I need.  We ordered an appetizer (gluten free just means no beans).  First they brought out spinach dip, which we didn't order, so they took that out.  Then they brought out nachos with beans and no meat, which they took back and the third time they brought it out right.  However, this was over 30 mintues after we ordered.  We got our entrees 5 minutes later.  The server didn't seem very apologetic and when the manager made her regular rounds asking how everything was, she wasn't either.  I was disappointed to say the least.  we went RIGHT when it opened at 11am, it's not like we were there at peak hour.  It was not crowded at all.  I'll stick to the one in Down Town Disney where I receive much better service :(
2	this place is fun to go to, but I think it fits in more with a Disneyland vacation. something about it being in Las Vegas that just seems out o place.  food was ok. service was good. was a bit tired of hearing them point out the restrooms. guess that's the price you pay for sitting near the entrance; although it did prove helpful seeing that I knew exactly where to go to wash my hands.
1	Let me just say that if I could give a negative star, I would. We stayed @ the MGM grand because we were there to see the Jabawockeez perform. We decided to get a bite to eat before the show, and I've been to the RFC in San Francisco so many times and always had a grand experience. So having it being Vegas I wanted to see if it was the same but with a lil' vegas umphh to it... boy was it like night and day compared to theone in sf.We told the hostess 4 adults, and she gave us a huge attitude replying "do you guys have reservations? because this line is for reservations only. So if you dont have reservations please step over there, the wait will be about 20 to 45 minutes." okayyyy... there was nobody in line, the restaraunt was half emtpy, and the host was talking to us as if we didnt understand english! So we didnt mind the wait, but seriously, it took them about 35 minutes to seat us in the spot we saw vacant when we first walked in. An elder man seated us by the bar where the rain falls every 15 minutes. *warning do not sit close to the cycled rain drops, you'll get splashed and it will splash in your food!* Our server helped us promptly with our drink but dissapeared for 20 minutes to come back and take our order which he got wrong, but we couldnt tell him because he was no where to be found after our food came. we order 4 orders of the trio which we ordered with medium rare steak, shrimp, ribs and fries. there was a couple that got seated after us, they orederd their food, ate, had dessert, and paid the bill and left and we STILL dindt get our food yet, and when we finally did, what we got was overly dry well done steak, oily shrimp, and missing ribs and fries. so we asked the bartender if we could speak with a manager because we couldnt find our server. manager come over and we told her what happen, she was helpful and said she would bring it out asap and that she would comp us for the ribs and fries.....which already comes with it so... how is it comp?! grrrrr! I was so frustrated for the lack of thier service and on top of that they treated us as if we were idiots! If i didnt look at the tab i wouldnt have spotted the sneaky gratudity they tried to add.. so be careful! I immediately had that taken care of because it was the worst customer service I have experienced in Vegas. Never again will I come to this Location!! BEWARE!!!
3	I was completely set on giving this place 4 stars until the final few minutes of my experience.  Why?  The only thing truly "wild" here is the pricing.I like the Rainforest Cafe, and have for over 10 years.  But then, I like theme restaurants (I miss thee, Star Trek) because it's goofy and fun to have some crazy atmosphere you normally wouldn't experience in a vast majority of regular dining experiences.  That, and I'm a sucker for their "Mojo Bones" (ribs), and their pun name filled alcoholic beverages.I liked the atmosphere (always love the fish and the rainstorms), the service was polite and friendly and very casual.  Good job all around for our waitress.  The food was good.  Their tomato basil soup is excellent, and I had a pleasant dining experience by their waterfall.  I even had some of my food to go, because it was a respectable (and large) selection of an appetizer, soup, a drink, and my main entree.  For two.And then the meal came to an end.This is admittedly where I get "cheap".  Rainforest Cafe used to be reasonably priced, and while I noticed the prices were slowly climbing (but still reasonable), the prices were actually uncomfortable this time, so my lady and I tried to be careful in what we ordered.  By the time we got out plus tip, it was over $100+.  For two people.  In a chain restaurant designed primarily for families and children.  We didn't even get dessert.  Thank God, as I may have had to take out a loan.I honestly don't mind paying that amount of money for one of the exclusive restaurants on the Strip, but those are always intended as "special occasion" restaurants that are pre-planned for birthdays or some big event.  I wasn't expecting Rainforest Cafe to gouge me (especially in this economy), and it left a bad taste in my mouth in what was an otherwise good dining experience.I always enjoyed going to the Rainforest Cafe, and now I'm going to have to second guess doing it anymore.  I'd rather spend the $100+ on a quality steak or sushi from some featured chef in a fancy dining experience where I can dress up and impress the heck out of my lady for being so "romantic", than a restaurant you can find in most states around the country, and the standard dress is shorts and flip flops.When we walked in, I noticed the restaurant was surprisingly empty, and we had zero wait time to get a table.  I thought we had good luck in picking a quiet time.  I'm starting to think that's not the case for our quick seating anymore.  I'd hate to be a family of four.Unless the restaurant is trying to sabotage itself into a close-down in the near future, it seriously needs to reconsider its pricing structure.
1	First off, This place BLOWS. Second off, this place Really Blows. Have you ever heard of an $11 well mojito -- yeah, me neither. And since they don't list drink prices you don't know until you get the bill. Kids pizza -- $10. By the way, it is a Totinos Frozen pizza that cost them about $1 whole sale. Bottom line, 1 app, 1 pasta dish, 1 kids meal, 2 mojitos -- $80+ post tip. Went to the Bellagio the next night and spent less on 2 adults to their buffet -- which had sushi, King Crab Legs, and Kobe beef among all the traditional staples of a Vegas buffet. The kid got to eat free. Avoid Rain Forest cafe at all cost. You can take the family to much cooler venues in Vegas -- most of which is free.
4	I had an absolutely fantastic meal here.  Rasta Pasta was the name and it was awesome.  Only reasons this isn't getting five stars are the not so huge portions, and the smallish booze menu.  Cool atmosphere.
3	I'm a sucker for Rainforest Cafe. This one, especially, because it gave me a chance to escape the tobacco smoke cloud that is Las Vegas. Service is friendly, and the place is adorable. Yes, it is a bit expensive, but prices are clearly marked on the menu... so I don't understand the shock that people are writing about when they see their bill. I like the Rasta Pasta ($17.99) which is grilled chicken, penne, walnut pesto, broccoli, red peppers and spinach tossed in a garlic Alfredo sauce. I usually get the spinach artichoke dip ($7.99) to start, and a one of their brightly colored drinks in a light up cup because I'm secretly 12 years old.
1	This is the definition of a tourist trap.  If you doubt me, just note the gift shop you are forced to walk through on your way out of the restaurant.  I sort of groaned when a member of my party suggested it for dinner, but we did need to eat so I went along.They have the hostess podium cleverly set back out of view from the front, so you can't see how long the line is until you approach for a seat.About every marketing gimmick you have ever encountered out in the restaurant chain world is alive and well here.  The greeting from our waitress was so obviously scripted, I expected her to check the palm of her hand for the correct wording.  Sample - May I take you on a tour of our menu and some of my favorite items?  Sure, only it just so happens all of her favorite items are on the nice laminated 'specials" menu with bright pictures and names like tower of appetizers and a sparkling dessert volcano (I'm not making this up).  What are the odds that those just happen to be her "favorites"?I searched the menu for something safe.  Really, I just wanted something to fill my stomach and not make me sick, so I opted for the burger.  I am sure they sell lots of those here and it was one of the cheaper items on the menu for around $14.  Our food took a very long time to come out.  We were dining well before rush hour on a Thursday, I think we sat down around 5pm.  A place like this is built for volume and tries to turn the tables quickly so they can get people in and out, so I was surprised that things weren't a bit faster.  When our food did arrive, it came in shifts.  Our server was no where in sight, but two other servers brought the first round.  They had no idea where the food went, so continued to auction it off to the table - who had the quesadillas?  A short time later, more servers arrived with the last of the entrees.  Two of us had ordered the same type of burger, cooked differently, so when that one went up for auction, I asked how it was cooked.  The reply was -I don't know.  So I asked why they didn't have position numbers for the order.  I wasn't really trying to give the servers a hard time, but would expect most any high-volume restaurant to require servers to identify the position number of any orders, if only to avoid confusion like this.  The server apologized and said the food took longer because one of the other burgers was ordered plain.  Our group just looked at each other in puzzlement.  Why would a plain burger take longer?  For all of the service glitches, my burger was surprisingly good.  Not exactly worth $14, but the roll was nice and fresh, the skinny fries were crispy and the burger had decent flavor.  Our original server finally checked in on us and the rest of dinner was fine.  However, on our way out we decided to visit their restrooms to clean up and I am sorry we didn't go out into the casino instead.  They were in a pretty sad state and reminded me more of the facilities you would find in a college bar.  Several stalls were unusable, so I suspect it had been a while since staff had checked on it.  Yuck!
5	This place was amazing! I have never ate nor been in any resteraunt that was so cool. I loved the animals that moved and made noises every 12 minutes and I loved the "rain storm" every half an hour. I wish there was one close to me because I would go almost all the time. The food was a little pricey but who cares when your having so much fun!?!
3	I came here at around midnight and the food was not bad. The decor was as expected and the place was spacious. Question is, where was the service? Other than that, burger was decent but the sampler was gross.
3	Like most other Rainforest Cafe's the food was okay, the service was not great, the prices were too high for what you get but it's cool.  This is the second time I've been to this one and this time I took my son.  He had a good time looking at all the animals and was given a balloon animal.  It's what you expect it to be.
3	Ordered the Cheetah Rita after server promised it was made with lime juice not mix. Don't try to pull mix on someone raised in tequila growing country. It was served in a keepsake glass, so refills were only $6. On our server's recommendation we had a Panama Punch. Yum. Burgers were very good and fries were very very good. Yesterday we had burgers at KGB which were not as good at all. Not cheap but ambiance adds to their overhead. A great place to take kids and those who have never been to Rainforest Cafe,
3	Starting with the good .. I was craving the coconut shrimp, so I made a trek down the strip to visit this place. The shrimp was exactly as I remembered. Crisp, tasty, and with the sweet dipping sauce...??...DELICIOUS. But even better than the shrimp was the Tomato Bisque soup. OMG. If I could have licked that bowl, I would have. The soup is quite filling, so I wish I had ordered just the shrimp a la carte instead of the entree, but I can't hate on two really delicious items.The bad? Look, I know it's Vegas. I know that I shouldn't be surprised when three totally drunk chicks show up to sit at the bar. And I shouldn't be surprised when one of them is wearing a bra for a top and a skirt so short I can not only see her ass cheeks, but the color of her thong up her crack. What I *was* surprised at was that male employees of this establishment weren't even subtle about suddenly needing to be in the general vicinity of the bar to get a look.Really? Have you never seen a chick's ass before? One waiter actually SAT DOWN at a table of male customers and they all proceeded to stare at the train wreck of drunken, ass-hanging, Snookie-lookalike. That's right. Total double-bagger, butter face.Oh, and the Magician who was 'working' the restaurant? Yeah. Giving the other male customers high-fives and fist bumps every time she showed her ass? Very professional.Seriously, people. You live and work in Vegas. You'd think you'd be used to this crap by now. Try being a little professional and less Bevis and Butthead, fer cryin' out loud.
1	I have not been to a lot of Rainforest Cafes, but this one was the worst out of them that I have seen. The food was not horrible, it did take forever for it to arrive though. Prices were quite outrageous, but I guess you can expect that in a tourist area such as this. My biggest complaint was with the staff. We paid for our meal and left a very nice tip (over 20%) and got up to leave (after our waiter took our bill). As we were walking out several people came running after us yelling and making a scene. Some staff member (looked like a cook or bus boy) gets in my face and tells me I better pay my bill before I think about leaving. Of course my friends and I are severely confused since we already paid, but even though we try to convey this they keep treating us very rudely. As we are standing there for at least five minutes in front of the whole restaurant of people looking at us no one can find out waiter to verify that we had paid. Finally the staff member moves aside and says we can go without explaining or apologizing. One of the worst restaurant experiences I have had. I would not recommend it.
2	One of those places where you can make their menu items vegan/vegetarian  by asking for changes.  This is not what I look for in a restaurant.
4	Came here for breakfast. Great place for kids and food was good. A little costly.
4	Love Love Love this place. The atmosphere won me over.  It thunders and I LOVE the sound of rain and thunder.  It's so relaxing here.  You walk in and the first thing you see is a huge fish tank filled with tropical fish, right above your head...and in a tube that goes around the room.  Then you see anima-tron elephants, apes and other creatures that must be fun for kids, because it's fun for me, and I was 23 at the time in 2003. I may always tell everyone I'm older, but I'm just a kid who never had that childhood and never saw  things in life like this- while growing up.  Late bloomer if you will. Garden burger is great here.
2	The food tastes good but the portions are small and the plates are expensive.The atmosphere is "cute". If you have kids it is hard to guess if they would like it or hate it. (I've seen some kids get excited and others become frightened.)I've eaten at the Phoenix and Las Vegas locations.... honestly, I could take it or leave it.
1	Pure Novelty. If you are not a parent, and can't tolerate cheesiness this place isn't for you. The gorillas, elephants and monkeys shrieking, the thunders clapping while you eat- could get on your nerves pretty quickly. Food is about twice as much as you'd like you pay, for the quality, portion, etc. But i guess you've got to pay for the cost of the howling gorilla. Food is standard american fare- and little of everything in between- burgers, salad, some pasta, sandwiches. When i went with a big group of people, we sampled about 8-10 of their offerings. All are very forgettable.
3	This place is definitely for people with children. I wasnt quite aware of that when I went. We had seen this place 2x before in CA. (snooty orange county to be exact) but I never really wanted to eat there.. more like I just wanted a mixed drink.  but the place just seemed so tropical and secluded...like a party I wasnt invited to and I wanted to see what the fuss was all about.To be honest I wasnt impressed. The ambiance is all you're really paying for but they get an extra star for impressing me for about 5 minutes and an extra star for service but 2stars deducted for overpriced food that wasnt that great.  I ordered the Jungle chopped salad, decent, definitely not the worst and not the best salad I ever had. the toppings were adequate but not abundant. My bf ordered a cheeseburger - standard fare (bbq bacon) He said he enjoyed it but wouldnt necessarily come back to order it again. If I had it to do over again I'd have gone to another place there in MGM...a place more suited for adults. If I had a child I'd be down to go again. Simple as that.Note: I did enjoy the lightning show/thunder they had. I did feel like a 5 yr old though gawking at the ceiling..but dont we all when we come to Las Vegas for the 1st time...? Now that I live here its nice every once in a blue moon to feel that way all over again.
1	My girlfriend has been raving about the Rainforest Cafe and her experiences that she has had with them in Chicago, so when we saw one was available at the MGM Grand (which is just a quick walk from the Excalibur where we're staying), I got a bit excited based on that.Being inside the MGM Grand, I expected expensive but the cheapest meal item I found was $15+. That's a bit too much to pay for a salad without a drink. The waiter seemed nice and offered me a margarita or beer. A margarita would have cost $11 to start so I just ordered a Coke (which was $3 I believe.) I ordered the appetizer sampler because it seemed I'd at least get quite a bit of food for my money.Now, I knew that the reason for the expense would be the convenience of being inside the MGM Grand and the 'show' that is put on by being surrounded by a "rainforest" of sorts. The entire thing is animatronic and features a storm that goes off every half hour or so. Honestly, I found the whole thing laughably cheesy and couldn't believe this is what we were paying extra for. The entire thing would have been impressive If I was much younger and living in the 1980's.... MAYBE.As for the quality of service, it was mediocre at best. The table next to us was seated and ordered later, but had their drinks refilled before mine. The waiter often disappeared and it took my girlfriend asking him to get drinks refilled. Food was okay, nothing special and nothing I'd pay extra for.All in all, not impressed.
4	Good food for those gamblers who wants to take a break from giving the casinos their money.  LOL
1	Don't go chasing waterfalls...This place was a huge let-down. Ordered appetizers and they sucked, cheese stix were undercooked and southwest eggrolls were cold. Service sucked...
3	Of course the food is not that great.  It's the rainforest cafe - you're not there for the food.It's not BAD, either, you just have to know what you're getting into.We were there on a recent Saturday evening.  Of all times, we thought this would be an acceptable one for being a bit drunk and a bit rowdy at the rainforest.  It was okay with the staff (kudos to them for not being uptight), but not with a couple of the patrons around us.  There was a portly couple sitting immediately adjacent to our table, and they were VERY serious about their food.  No riffraff tolerated.  Sorry, folks, I can't help that my friend is "that guy."  Okay, maybe I could, but I don't want to!Anyway, I was impressed that the staff didn't bend to the pressure of said portly patrons when they complained that we were too rambunctious.  This is, after all, VEGAS, folks.  Who do you think you're going to run into at a Rainforest cafe in the middle of MGM Grand on a Saturday night?  That's right: drunkards who like animatronic animals.  Get over it.
4	food was good, service was good, atmosphere great!
4	I am shocked that I'm giving this place four stars. Especially based on the recent reviews here. Maybe we just got lucky, but the food was actually pretty good. I think it is a bit pricey though. I had the Tuscan Chicken, a friend of mine who is almost a burger snob actually like the $15 burger and the ribs were pretty decent as well. Since it was a birthday we requested the chocolate lava cake which was pretty good. Now for the bad news. For five people to eat there it was $220 including tip. And that was for only 1 adult beverage. When I say including tip, they automatically at 17% gratuity for ANY size party. Luckily the service was good albeit a little slow. Dinner took just over two hours and we didn't sit around and talk afterwards.
2	I don't know how to rate this.  The kid side of me wants to put 4 stars, but the adult side says 1.5/2.Kid opinion: The big snake hanging down in the gift shop is cool.  The rain falling down and the fake thunderstorms and sparkling stars and atmosphere is neat.  And the desert with sparklers is awesome!Adult side: The food is blah.  The alcoholic beverages were boring or too sweet.Both: Customer service was good.
2	This place is like an over-priced Chili's or Chedders.  Save your money and go somewhere else.
3	Food was good.  My great niece and nephew loved the experience and I did too.  But the Service Sucked!!!!  At 1100 am in the morning. Let me say it again the service Sucked!!!  I've been to other locations and their service is much better.  Maybe it was just a bad morning. The gift shop made it easier. The kids found some cute animals that they had to have..............  It was a wonderful visit with my family in spite of.
5	A must when visiting Las Vegas. Not only is it a super fun atmosphere, with awesome fish tanks and animatronics, but the food is great! Everything we ordered was amazing. I had the pita fajita which I loved and have been looking for something similar locally ever since. My husband ordered a hamburger which was really large and he thought it was very good as well.Service was friendly and on top of drinks but without being overly pushy. The food came quickly and was not badly priced for the portions. The shop attached was cute as well. We will be back for sure.
2	This place is pretty much everything I hate in the food business.  Large, formulaic place that charges way to much for average food.  The decor is supposed to represent a rainforest; the sad thing is that most of the kids eating there will never get closwer to the real thing.  The greeter was indifferent, and the host who escorted us to our table mumbled something about the location of the table that was unintelligble over the noise.  He dropped a comment card on the table when he seated us, and the service did check everything off on the list as we went.  But it felt like they were checking off the list......The only thing that saved this was our server who was really nice and personable.  And efficient.  The food was decidedly insitutional.  Nothing inspiring.  And dinner for 3 can to almost $100 for a couple of burgers and a salad, no alcohol included.  Lot to pay for animated gorillas......
3	Food isn't cheap here, but their portions are huge so you can easily share "one meal". We ordered the Breakfast Pizza which was sooooooooooooooo delicious! Tons of different veggies placed on a crust and eggs on the top layer. It was cut into about 10 slices, and we (2 ppl) couldn't finish it.All Rainforest Cafe's locations have similar vibes. Awesome decor, friendly staff, dark as hell (with intermittent light from fake lightening), and windy breezes. Only thing that I thought was different in this location is that this one at MGM was darker than usual and veryyyy cold!
3	I took my boys here because I had a coupon and thought it was average.  Service was average and my youngest was scared of the rain storms.  But, once he is older, I think he'll really love this place.  Definitely not a place you want to eat at once a month or anything due to the price and average food.  For a special birthday meal for a child I think this place would be really cool.  I was shocked though to see several fish in the tank near the entrance of the restaurant dead or dying.  I don't know if something happened with the pump or something but it was pretty sad.
2	Nice decor and... that's all :-(Service is impersonal and food is just extremely greasy and not savory at all.Disappointing overall
2	Went here for my daughters Birthday ( by her request) in Vegas there's not a lot of kid friendly fun dining places to choose from!!! This place is Not for Locals......Great atmosphere, the Staff & Servers are very pleasant, but way over priced for the food & quality!! On line Menu is way lower than this location the kids menu is $10 plus and meals are $25 plus! Food is OK just OK!
4	I come to the Rainforest Cafe when I want to eat at a place where I feel like I am somewhere else. The food is deelish and it's a little $$ compared to any casino cafe, but the food will not disappoint you. Young ones love it because of the animals moving and the sounds of the forest. The thunder and lightning, not to mention the rain by the bar - this place makes money all year round. The appetiser platter is deelish and good enough to be dinner. Portions are not small so come hungry. Enjoy the little gift shop too. People dress casual in cargo shorts and cool t's, jeans and slippers. The steak was perfect. The staff is friendly. My only feedback is that they seemed rushed and I don't like to be asked how my dinner is going more than three time. Otherwise, I am always satisfied when I leave.
3	Came here as a "cheaper" alternative than buffets and fancy schmancy restaurants on the strip without going to a food court.  It was not cheaper. We found a coupon in the booklet that we took from the taxi for a free appetizer, so we ordered the quesadillas.  They used pita bread instead of tortilla - great choice!  It was super tasty and a great pair with pita bread.  We added a clam chowder for $5.99.  It was expensive, but the soup was good.We also got a rack of ribs (Mojo Bones) that was paired with fries and cole slaw.  We swapped out the cole slaw for veggies, but the veggies tasted a little burnt since it was grilled.  The meat came off the bone easily and it was very flavorful.We ordered a dish that came with fried shrimp, baked scallops, rice, and mango tilapia.  Do not order this.  The scallops were baked in a plate full of cheese that tasted like nacho cheese.  The texture of the scallops were okay, but definitely did not taste good with nacho cheese (the texture of the cheese was like water!).  The fish had tons of spices in it.  It was only good if you ate each bite with a piece of mango.  The rice and grilled veggies were average.  But at almost 30 bucks for this dish, I'd try something else.We told the waitress that we had a birthday at our table.  She brought out a sundae that was half melted.  Really?  Are 2 scoops of ice cream (which they would have charged 2.50 for) that expensive to you?  Needless to say, we didn't eat the sundae and let it melt all the way down.  That was lame of them to give us melted ice cream to celebrate a birthday.On top of that, our waitress took forever to get us our food and we had to ask repetitively for refills on our drinks, etc.  She had 6 or so tables so maybe she was caught up, but definitely took a long time to get everything we wanted here.
1	nothing says "happy hangover!" like two platters of egregiously overcooked eggs and not one but two thunderstorms during breakfast.under no circumstances should you order the eggs benedict, even if you scrap the hollandaise.
3	A good place to take kids and mother if they aren't sacred of the animals. Prices I think are little high but the food is good.
3	Food is way overpriced, but what do you expect...you're in a jungle-ized version of TGIF's...in Vegas.Anyways, my 8 month old daughter loved the atmosphere, which is exactly why we went.  Pictures don't do it justice, it really is a neat place to eat.  Place is really loud with jungle noises and mock thunderstorms.  Perfect for loud ass kids, like mine.If you have kids, this is a "must-go".
3	Great atmosphere, food was comparable to Chilli's or Applebees, very entertaining.
3	GREAT FOR KIDS! The food is not so good. It is REALLY expensive to eat that not so good food. BUT we knew before we went there. Because this place is great for KIDS!! We have an 8 month old who really loved seeing all the fish, animatronic animals, lights, etc. That is why we went there. so if you're going for an awesome meal, don't go here. If you have some kids and are able to enjoy the scenery and eat expensive sludge under an awesome rainforest of chirping speakers, then I would recommend this place!
4	We had a group event here and they were very accommodating and easy to work with. The group was a support group for people with a genetic condition called Neurofibromatosis, which causes tumors, paralysis, deafness, pretty much an unending list of suckiness. We arrived to find our tables were upstairs and the elevator was out, we have people with mobility issues and it was quite the problem. Fortunately, they got right on it and had us seated pretty quickly. Service was great and everyone enjoyed their food, if we come back to Vegas we'd definitely do another group event at this location.
1	Wouldn't go back.  Extremely overpriced food, which didn't even taste good.  Service was slow.  No reason to eat here.
3	Let's start off by saying that I had little to no expectations of the food quality. I was just taking my family there for my little monkey's 4th birthday dinner. I knew he would love the ambiance...turns out I was right. If you go with that in mind then you will have a great time. We went on a Tuesday night and luckily we were smart enough to make a reservation (I think there was about an hour wait). We were taken right in and seated next to one of the huge aquariums. My kids were in awe of the fish and the gorilla beating his chest in the corner. Our server came around and we ordered. The service was a bit on the slow side but I observed he was quadruple sat (for those of you who aren't educated in the service industry....quadruple sat means the server was sat 4 times all at once...that's tough for even the most amazing of servers)..so it was absolutely forgivable (been there...done that). Our food was just so so and overpriced (but what isn't on the Strip?)...but what made it all worth it was the screams of joy from my monkeys. We will definitely be back here for their family birthday dinners.
3	I can't say I'd go back, but I did enjoy my meal here! We chose the RC because it looked neat and everywhere else in MGM was more expensive. There was a long line so we sat at the bar. The service was mediocre as the bar tender didn't seem thrilled to be at work. I felt bad they have to dress like zoo keepers. ha! The menu is a decent size. I had the calypso salad which was a really good salad and a huge portion. I'd absolutely order it again. The boy ordered a chicken sandwich that was juicy and flavorful. Fries were fries. Nothing special overall, but a good meal and good portions. Avoid any of their 'fancy drinks. $16.99 for a mojito is highway robbery. Then they stick you with a lame souvenir glass to lug around. The Mexican stripper card dealer was happy to accept it out on the street. Overall an entertaining tasty meal, but I wouldn't go back because of so many other options around.
1	I've always wanted to eat a hamburger in the jungle. The reason for this desire is solely the irony of the whole idea. Rainforests are being cleared to make way for industrial cattle farms so we in America can enjoy cheap beef. Sorry, must suppress the inner hippie. Coming from San Diego, where we don't have much rain, it was refreshing to dine in a restaurant where the casual conversations with my friends were interrupted every 15-20 minutes by large outbursts of soundboard-manufactured thunderclaps which signal a deluge from strategically positioned misters. You can see that it's raining indoors but you don't actually feel it. How exciting! How authentic!Our party of 10 was given a 45 minute wait time, which for Vegas on a Friday night at 6PM isn't bad. We stood around, looked at some big fish, poked and prodded the overpriced novelty items in the gift shop, and before we knew it (but 20 minutes after we were expecting it) they sat our group. Our waitress further added to the authenticity of the experience. Her accent was a colorful mixture of Rosetta Stone English (Disc 1), Dutch imperialism, and the click language of the San Bushmen people. We put in our drink orders and instructed her how to split the check without issue. Then the 20-minute wait began. This wasn't as horrible as it sounds now because for the first 10 minutes we were occupied with determining which items on the menu would be the least likely to give us Ebola or Gastroenteritis. I knew this was going to be an extended outing when our waters came out filled to the brim and ice-cold but without any ice. Do the math, geniuses reading this. The next 10 minutes were spent putting in our orders, re-confirming the check splits, and ordering refills. This deliberate undertaking was partially due to our waitress's incompetence (and likely inability to pass the CAHSEE), and primarily due to a passing thunderstorm in conjunction with Diddy Kong's screeching serenade from across the restaurant which made it impossible to hear. And then we waited...And waited...And waited some more..... (this ellipses gets an extra two periods to further accentuate the amount of time we had to wait)And then the food came!! YAYYY! And it was still warm! Yayyy! And 90% of the orders were correct!!! YAYY!!! And nobody had to gnaw on their own flesh during the 40 minutes we waited for our food to come out even as we watched tables who were sat and ordered after us received their food. Yayyyy!!!This review is not about the food. The food was good. I think everyone in the group thoroughly enjoyed the flavor/temperature/texture of their meal. This review is about the service. And the almost 20 minutes we waited after our plates were cleared to receive the split checks. I know splitting checks is difficult for a party of 10, especially when people join the group late and people get up and move around when they're bored with the person next to them. I get that. I've been there. Waiting tables is not easy. But any decent waiter/waitress, noob or lifer, with an IQ over 85 can split a check in less time than it takes to watch an episode of Family Guy, even with a DVR skipping over the commercials. Remember what time I said we arrived? Go back and do the math while factoring in a little over 20 minutes to eat...Ya. A three hour tour. A three hour tour.Such a fun Friday!
1	I had very low expectations for this place, but went because I thought my 3 & 5-year-old kids would enjoy it and because it was convenient to our hotel. We had made reservations the same day and were seated about 5-minutes after our arrival.Although the rainforest-themed decor is basically enjoyable and did pique my kids interest, it was really only good for about ten minutes of fun. The kids food menu is completely uninspired and woefully over-priced ($10 for plain pasta and a cup of milk). The grown-up food was similarly expensive and dull. The taste and quality of everything was a step up from a fast food chain, but just barely. My pasta dish had definitely spent a bit of time under a heat lamp before being served. Portion size was on the small side, although I didn't like what I was eating enough to be bothered by this,Perhaps most annoying was the fact that the waiter tried to up-sell us on just about everything ("Are you sure you don't want an appetizer?", "How about a bottle of wine instead of a glass?" and then later "I'm really surprised you didn't just order a bottle."). That said, the service was attentive.On my way out there were two things I couldn't figure out: 1) Why would anyone without kids ever consider eating here?, 2) Even with kids, why would you stand in an hour-plus line of walk-ins waiting for a table?All in all, even with kids, I would not recommend this place.
3	I was really excited to visit this restaurant for lunch on a weekday during my first trip to Vegas. I always wanted to eat at this place.This one was very loud but my major complaint was the time it took to receive the main dish. The appetizer arrived in decent timing. The main dish took forever! Over 20-25 minutes. To me, that was ridiculous. I was starving and considered climbing a tree to munch on some leaves until the order arrived. The only thing  thatstopped me was the thunder.... and the gorillas.. :-PAside from that, the decor, thunder, and the rainforest was fun. I just wish the food would arrive faster.
3	It's a bit pricey for the quality and quantity of the food but It is good and the place is cute with a huge waterfall and a fish tank on one side. I would so let a guy bring me on a date here. lol
3	The Rainforest Cafe goes really hard with the decor and special effects when it comes to making their ambience feel like an actual rainforest! From the sounds to the lighting to the aquariums. The waterfall was a nice touch, however, can get pretty loud when you're seated too close to it. Every 10 minutes or so, a "thunderstorm" sound effect comes on and I noticed a few kids got scared. I felt that the lighting was too dim, I was having a hard time reading the menu... pretty pricy! I had a hard time choosing what to eat and ended up ordering the Maya's Mushroom Ravioli... it was pretty tasty. Pretty good service.
1	For the past few years, my employees and I attend an annual conference at the MGM Grand and I take the dozen or so employees to lunch at the Rainforest cafe--not anymore! The food and service this past week when we dined was awful!! It took nearly an hour to get our tasteless, mediocre and overpriced food. If you are looking for good food and service, go to another restaurant and avoid the Rainforest cafe at the MGM!!!
1	So, we went to Television City at MGM, and they gave us a coupon for a free appetizer at the Rainforest Cafe. Cool, right? I think: Great, my wife and I can split an appetizer and sandwich, escaping lunch for under $20. Great! Well, it was great. We were seated quickly. Our waiter was decent. The food was decent. Note that both were decent, not good. But, we pay, and I feel victorious. Lunch for under twenty bucks! Hooray! And then we got sick. The lunch from Rainforest Cafe cost us at least two days of our stay because we were stuck in our room, afraid to run too far from a bathroom. Skip over this restaurant. I'm a big fan of MGM... but they need to put in something better here.
1	Come here if you want to spend $50+ per head on burnt, bitter steaks, soggy vegetables and weak sour drinks.
4	Two words: Mojo Bones!First off, the decor is amazing.  Definitely the lure and attraction of this place.  It's a very fun, touristy place to be, what with all the fake foliage and fauna surrounding you while you eat.  The food itself is secondary.  Speaking of food, the ribs here (nicknamed "Mojo Bones") are great!  Haven't had a chance to try anything else off the menu, but it has all the typical American items you'd come to expect.  Definitely come here if you're looking for a change of scenery! (wink wink)
2	My daughter had been bothering me for months about going to the Rainforest Cafe, and I'd promised to take her, so when she found out there was one in Las Vegas I couldn't really say no.  I'd been to the one in San Francisco and hadn't been impressed with the food or prices, and knew that the one in Vegas was even more expensive, so I figure we could just go for dessert.  We did so, though my daughter insisted in eating there and was pleased enough with her overpriced child's pasta meal.  All of us shared a "volcano" dessert ($15), a huge contraption of dried brownies, oversweet chocolate fudge and vanilla ice cream. We couldn't finish it between the four of us, and we didn't want to.On the plus side, the jungle decor is fun and the kids liked it. Service was wonderful. Full review at http://www.marga.org/foodblog/2011/08/rainforest-cafe-las-vegas-review
4	Yeah, it's touristy and maybe silly but the burgers were awesome, my wife loved her coconut shrimp, and I heard good things about their pot roast. That plus the service was friendly even for a party of 11. My drink was weak but considering that burger I can let it slide.
3	Vegas is full of places to eat, but I couldn't think of anywhere that would interest my 16 year old brother. I saw that there was a Rainforest Cafe and made reservations for dinner. Do yourself a favor and make reservations (line gets super long and waiting sucks). We got seated near the fountain which was nice. This place is very family friendly which is why I thought it would be a good idea (nothing is more awkward than drunk people talking about their one night stands when your eating with the fam). Food wise-it's just okay. My parents and I split some seafood entree that came with fish, scallops and shrimp and we also got the lettuce wraps. My brother had a pasta dish. Everything tasted okay. It can be a bit pricey for the basic food you get but keep in mind that most people don't go for the food. The environment your eating in is what's fun about this place. Everyone had fun so that's all that really matters.
3	there is a lot of people there, you gonna wait some time before to get your food ! the food and ambiance is good as any other rain forest cafe...
5	Every time we go here is always great... Super busy at the vegas location though, so glad I made a reservation...Our server was great, prompt, and on top of everything.Our food was great too.Kids had a blast.Great for families!
2	The coolest part of Rainforest Cafe is the decorations. They are very elaborate and we enjoyed looking around at all the hidden animals.There was a huge line to be seated, but we made a reservation and got seated right away (definitely recommend doing this!).I ordered a white sangria, which was fantastic, but the pizza I ordered for dinner was less than stellar. I'd had better from take out places. We had a coupon for a free appetizer, which was nice. If you don't have kids, I would pass on this place. The drinks and decor are not enough to compensate for the sub-par food, which was very expensive for what we got.
2	The food is nothing to brag about. I left here and immediately felt sick to my stomach. I went here with a group of people. No one really loved their meal. There was something on my burger and I couldn't tell you what it was. I think it was burnt cheese but I am not sure. The decorations are good service was OK food not so great.
2	We took the kids to Las Vegas and stayed at MGM. The Rainforest Cafe was a place my kids liked to hang out. We had breakfast there and we were NOT impressed. The service wasn't great and the food was so-so. However, the atmosphere was great and kept the kids entertained.
4	We came here for breakfast, it was convenient since it was inside out hotel (MGM). We didn't want the usual food court food so opted for this.We all had real meals instead of breakfast LOL everything was yummy and we got to try their CoronaRita! It was delish!! I'd eat here again If I was in the MGM.
3	The girls and I decided to stop by here for a late lunch since none of us have been there before, and it was in our hotel so didn't have to expose ourselves to the scorching heat outside.Luckily there wasn't a long line, maybe 2 parties before us, so we just looked around the gift store and some of the fish tanks they had. It wasn't long until we were seated.The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special either. We split the spinach and artichoke dip, which I liked because they actually had chunks of artichoke in it, but the chips served with it were SUPER SALTY, beware!I ordered the fish and chips, which weren't bad, but lots of batter! I also got the white peach sangria which was delish but super weak, tasted like juice and I got no buzz/asian glow from it whatsoever.The best thing about Rainforest Cafe is the amazing decor. Tanks filled with exotic fish around the restaurant. The huge mushroom bar in the middle, with the funny stools that make you look like you have an animal butt. Then inside its like you're in an actual rainforest, trees and branches everywhere! There were animatronic animals that moved and even danced to the music. Every now and then the flights would flicker, thunder rumbles, or a meteor shower would happen. If I was 10, this would be THE most awesomest place ever, but since i'm not.. its still pretty coool.I'd say its a fun place to experience once, or maybe for drinks, wouldn't come back due to a craving for their food...it came out to be about $31 for a drink and fish and chips, good portions.I'm more of a beach person anyway..
4	The decor is amazing. We had a great place to sit and felt very special for the night. We had the 'Amazing Appetizer' and everything tasted great. The portions are big. The chocolate volcano dessert was good but too much just for 2 people after main entree!The price is high but probably you have to pay for the ambience and decor!
4	You can not beat the Rainforest.Great for lunch.  Staff is always friendly and the food is ok.The atmosphere is fun and make sure you have a Volcano for desert!
4	the atmosphere was awesome! perfect for kiddos and adults alike!
2	Being 20 years old and never being to the Rainforest Cafe apparently was unacceptable to my boyfriend. So we ate there a few nights ago. Looks-wise it was everything I had imagined...Moving animals, thunderstorms every 10 mins, little water drip drops behind our table and a lot of noise. I'd give it appearance 5 stars but the service and food falls short.Our server was not exactly attentive and fun loving. He seemed so rushed and irritable. He could have been new or swamped so I'm not totally bagging on him for it, but it still rubbed my first RC experience the wrong way. The only thing I thoroughly enjoyed was the Mocha Java shake. YUMMY! I sucked it all down within minutes.I ordered a burger and fries and was not impressed. THEN AGAIN, I work at LBS Burger Joint and The Barrymore, and in my mind no one beats our burgers . My boyfriend had a chicken sandwich, he said it was okay but very messy. The fries are whatever. Not super yummy but not gross. All together a burger, a sandwich and a shake cost me $44.00. It's pretty looking, but there is no way Im going back....
3	Welcome to the jungle baby!  The inside of the Rainforest Cafe looks pretty cool.  They have beautiful  aquariums full of uniquely shaped and colored fish. The inside sounds and looks like what I imagine a real rain forest would look like.  Our waitress was really good.    The Parmesan chicken and steak were just okay.  Eating in the Rainforest once  will be enough for us. The food was overpriced. There's not anything special about the food in the forest.   They need a little something else -- they need a little bit of Vegas in the rain forest to charge what they charge.  They do serve Guinness.
2	If you are there and want to pay for the atmosphere; aka having elephant and monkey noises go off every 10 min, then this is the place for you.  Other than that, food was good, but for the price you are paying, not worth it.  I got a bacon burger with fries because it was the cheapest meal on the menu for $16.50.  It was big, but I would say about 1/2 lbs.  Everything else with seafood or meat was around the $25 range or more.  This was just for lunch, I can't even image how much dinner would be.  Like I said earlier not worth the money unless you want the environment.  I most likely won't be going back to one of these.
1	Opps fell for this tourist trap. I guess it was bound to happen. I saw this place at the MGM and I got mesmerized by the aquariums and the place in general so we decided we would have breakfast here the next morning. What a damn waste of time and money. They have rainstorms and animal noises like every 10 minutes or so. Well it is annoying after a while. The prices are very steep for what you get. we should have had breakfast at Dennys or Coco's, at least we would have gotten a cheap breakfast that tastes good!!!!! I had the breakfast bandit which consists of two eggs, sausage, toast and potatoes all for a whopping $10.49. The only thing that was good was the eggs then again it is hard to screw up over easy. The toast was not even warm and the don't put the butter on it like at other places. They give you cold toast with butter and it does not even melt. The sausage was nasty and the potatoes were disgusting. I could not even eat them. My husband got an omelet and he did not really like his either. He couldn't even finish it. The only good thing is they sat us next to one of the fish tanks and the fish is about all we enjoyed about this crappy place. I am so disappointed because I expected better. Do not be fooled by this place please! Skip it and get a quality cheap breakfast at Dennys or Coco's or anywhere for that matter. It is not only the food and the prices but the service here too. Our waiter looked pissed off half the time and refills were a big inconvenience. Their customer service does not really help their cause much. They gave us this little survey to fill out but the pencil was broken. Guess they don not really want to know what you think. Trust me on this one, don't go.
2	This Rainforest is inside the MGM Grand.  If you have kids that need to be entertained (occupied, distracted) while you wait for dinner, Rainforest Cafe is the place to be.  There are plenty of animatronic animals, live fish tank, fountains, fake plants and canopies of "rainforest" to be looked at.  We went here because I had a $50 gift certificate.But if you are looking for anything other than touristy gimmick...you'll be disappointed.  Eating here is like any of your TGIFriday, Chili or Applebee's...but every entree costs about $5-7more.  4 of us got 4 entrees, 3 soda/iced tea, 1 water and no dessert, our bill came out to be over $100 before tip.  My $50 certificate made the bill more bearable, but I have no desire to go back to another Rainforest Cafe.
5	THE RUMBLE IN THE JUNGLE TURKEY WRAP I HAD IS THE SOLE REASON WHY I GIVE THIS PLACE 5 STARS. Otherwise.....it's overwhelming in there man.
1	The food left way too much to be desired and the sounds of animals along with all the other rain forest noises was extremely annoying.  Kids are about the only people that I can see ever enjoying this place.
2	Gimmicky, glitzy place. No way...in Vegas?...kidding?! But I digress. The food sucks. Nothing special, and overpriced. Of course the decor is novel and the sounds are obnoxious and maybe scary, so it's a theme that loudly announces itself if you're into that. Since I've been, you don't have to. Skip it.
1	I have been to this restaurant 3 times since it openend here in my area years ago.  I tried it for drinks one nite, for appetizers another and then for dinner once while in Vegas.  I hate this place! The wait staff is RUDE ALL THE TIME!  They are SLOW and they dont even look like they give a crap about their jobs. The drinks are SMALL and expensive and not really that good. And the menu... dont even get me started. Its nothing but garbage, greasy, fried, burned ... well... I guess its food.  And the prices are ridiculously high for basically the same crap I can get at McDonalds. The meats are chewy and the fries are greasy and usually burned.  The shrimp is nothing close to fresh and there is nothing unique about this "cafe" except that I am SO over it! The place is literally an obnoxious loud jungle of nothing but gross food and bad staffing. I wont ever go there again, not in my home town or while I am somewhere else. DONT even waste your money on this place, even if your kids beg you just take them somewhere, anywhere but here.
2	Ambiance.  Nothing more. 15-17 bucks for a sandwich  burger or wrap.  Showed up cold, bland and soggy.  Good for kids. Thats it.
3	This place is huge! They have active robot animals that go off around you. I had the Rainforest Pita Quesadillas and enjoyed them. However, my FAVORITE was the Coffee Mocha I had. It was amazing, and I will just walk in for that drink. Not completely sure of the name of it since they don't have a full menu up on their website.
2	Go here for the atmosphere and thats about the only reason to stop here.The food was decent nothing special, the service was average, and I understand its vegas and the food was way over priced for nothing above average food.Overall, if you are with kids this would be a great place to check out because the would love it, other wise not really worth your time.
1	Horrible service, okay food, and crazy expensive even for being on the strip.
4	We sat right beside the animal show and the flowing water made it a chili spot. We ordered the appetizer platter to split...hoping to have room for desert but we were too stuffed. The lava cake desert is huge and excellent (I had it on another visit). There always seems to be a wait but they put you in a line and it seems to go by smoothly as opposed to other places that have mass amounts of people waiting randomly around the entrance.
3	The food is alright.. Its VERY expensive kids love the jungle show...
4	We just split the appetizer platter which was reasonable.  Most of their other food is very over priced.
1	As I was sitting there at the Rainforest Cafe their lightning storm sounds began and I turn around and see a small child with a terrified look in his face. I thought to myself  "Hey buddy I know exactly how you feel". I say that in the sense that I was terrified of the prices, service, and food I just had. This restaurant is probably one of the worst I've been too in a while. The only redeeming quality of this place is the kids might like it but is it worth paying the obscene prices for crappy food? Probably not. After a night of drinking a few friends and I decided on the Rainforest Cafe because the other "Cafe" at the MGM Casino had some horrible reviews. Sadly I didn't bother reading the reviews for the rainforest cafe beforehand. Their burgers where overcooked and dry, their turkey wrap was dry and had no zero dressing. Our food took a good 40 minutes to arrive. The waiters bringing out the food where rude and it seemed to bother them if you asked them for missing items. What a disappointment.
1	I was at MGM Grand for a conference and brought my family with me.  My conference included lunch but my family wanted to meet me here for lunch.  When I arrived they were already seated.  It was probably 20 minutes before the waiter came to the table.  He took our order and disappeared again for another 30 minutes and another 10 minutes after that there was still no food. My tea had been empty for most of the duration of my "meal".  I looked at my watch and realized it had already been an hour and the conference session was starting back up.  So I left after nearly an hour having had no food and only 1 glass of tea.The manager came by after I left and said it was our fault for not letting them know we were in a hurry.  But, honestly, does it really take 30-45 minutes to make food?  The food orders were burgers and fried items.  They don't take long to make.  According to the manager, over 30 minutes is a "normal" waiting time.The bad part is when I walked in I heard the host talking to someone else mentioning how slow business was that day.  If the service is THIS bad on a "slow" day I can't imagine how terrible it must be on a "busy" day.Since I didn't eat I can't evaluate the food however my family told me when food finally arrived it was cold and bland.  Some of it apparently had been sitting under a heat lamp because the plates were warm and the food wasn't.Do yourself a favor and pass on Rainforest Cafe.
2	After a 30-minute wait in line, we were seated. The time passed quickly for my daughter as there was a lot to look at - not so fast for me because I was hungry.I ordered the turkey sandwich that did a number on my stomach a couple hours later. Thankfully, it was quick and painless. I'm even more thankful that the Bellagio has easily accessible bathrooms throughout their hotel.Service was prompt and courteous. The child-friendly vibe was appreciated, but the exorbitant prices were not. Kids meals start at $9.99 and a basic burger will run $15. In my opinion, not worth the trouble when there are other options nearby.
3	This was a pretty good Rainforest Cafe, though it IS pretty hard to screw up breakfast.  I came on a weekday morning and it was pretty empty, which was nice.  Honestly, if you are a tourist in Las Vegas, don't go here... its ALMOST like going to Denny's there... hit up a buffet or something.If you are just a diehard Rainforest Cafe fan and you HAVE to go to them if you are near one... This one is excellent.
2	Have you ever wondered what it might be like to eat mediocre food, while imagining you were living the life as character on the Lost TV show? You did? Awesome, you gotta come here.The staff walk around in Dharma Initiative khakis, the whole jungle themed place goes off every half hour, with lightning flashes, rain downpours and screeching animatronic-animals, and most likely a smoke monster.  Plus one guy on staff wanders the tables muttering numbers into a headset - no, Im not kidding.I only ended up here as I'd hurt my foot and couldn't walk much further, so conceded defeat and sat down to breakfast.  Prices were expectedly high, and the themed nature of the joint predictably led to very mediocre food.  Three orders of benedict, one small 'two egg' style breakfast, four cocktails later (hey dont judge, its vegas man) our group of four had a bill approaching $150 with tax and tip included.The place is loud, and the jungle show every half hour seemed to promptly ignite every toddler into a fit of rage and tears which added nicely to the laid back vibe.  Staff did their best, but even in a 2/3 full breakfast service they struggled.  Oh, and the double charged me too.  Always good to be kicked when down ;)Apparently this location is just one of multiple outlets around the world.  Color me stunned that its a business model that scales outside Vegas - but hey Lost lasted seven season of incomprehensible craziness too so I guess its good.
3	Its a great strip restaurant. Being it was great service, average food, and a great atmosphere. I cant say much about anything else, the food doesnt necessarily stick out and its Over priced. For the food. Easily 5-7$ less at off strip restaurants.
2	Reviewing Rainforest Cafe is bit if a moot point. After all, you can't really have high culinary aspirations on any place that has a animatronic elephants and gorillas, can you? We only picked this place because I worked at the one in Denver when I was a kid, and it was the worst place I ever worked (in how they treated the employees). Also, they never let us try the food, so I have been curious all these years why someone would wait hours in line to pay $20 for crappy pot roast just to eat in a fake rain forest.I had the Rasta Pasta, which is basically a pasta primavera. It was OK, but it needed a bit more refinement in seasoning (ie, some seasoning) and a few more vegetables. I also had a Mai Tai, which was pretty strong for a children's restaurant, but I wasn't with kids, so... woo hoo.The environment is not for anyone with a documented anxiety or seizure disorder. About every 1/2 hour, there is a tropical storm there the animatronic animals make lots of noise and there are lightening flashes. All in all, my curiosity has been sated... so no need to ever eat there again.
2	Really cool Large aquariums around the restaurant with lots of large tropical fish. That is it for the good things. The rest of the visit was a sad experience. The fish in the fish and chips were over breaded and mealy, the chips soggy and the coleslaw was at least edible. Tomato soup was acceptable but the advertised Parmesan cheese was minuscule. The couple at the next table complained about the ribs and had their bill adjusted so there may be something good on the menu but it's not worth the expense to try and find it.Service was OK but not on a par with the rest of the eating places in the MGM Grand. If you enjoy the tropical fish and the cheesy decorations, it is OK for a one time visit but that was it for our one time visit. To many other good choices to make a repeat.
4	My party and I actually had a really great time at this location.  The waitstaff and hosts were friendly, the food was good (well, apparently not everyone loved it, but mine was!) and the drinks (although pricey) were good and came with souvenir glasses.  The best part was watching some patrons get in a fight over god knows what.  C'mon people...this IS, after all, a family establishment.  *sigh*  It was funny, and the stuff quickly removed them, so it's all good.I do recommend the appetizer that has like 5 different things on it.  I have wedding-brain, so I can't remember the name.  I liked everything except for the "chimi-cha-chas".  Mai Tai was delicious.  Pot roast apparently tasted like a TV dinner, according to the husband, so I wouldn't recommend that.  Frankly, who gets pot roast there anyway??  Oh, well.  I did pick him after all ;).Gift shop is really cute and before I could get myself sucked in, I quickly stole away.
4	I've loved this place since I was a kid. Most dishes somehow incorporate the jungle theme. Breakfast is my favorite -- there's always a lot of fruit! Portions are huge, so come hungry!
4	Color me pleasantly surprised!First of all, yes, the food's overpriced. However, the experience I had here with my wife was great. The service couldn't have been better (our server, Gabriela, was terrific), and our food was very good. I had mozzarella sticks, ribs, and fries, and all three surpassed my expectations.The atmosphere is pretty cool; nothing you'd want to deal with every night, but for a sole dinner in Vegas, it works and works well.
2	The place looks cool. The kids will enjoy. $10 for a bowl of kids mac n cheese is too much. And no fruit or veggies on the side?My wife and I shared a pizza. It tasted like a cheap bake at home frozen pizza.Food was overpriced for the quality.Service was good.
2	This was the low point of our trip to Las Vegas. The food was sub par, the prices were too high, and the service was awful. I have been to two different Rain Forest cafe's before and thoroughly enjoyed both of them. This was a really bad experience. Our party of five agreed that no part of this place was up to snuff and it effected the tip. It just did not seem like anyone cared about any aspect of the customers experience. There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas I can't believe this place will be open long with this attitude. I am usually pretty easily entertained but no aspect of this place was enjoyable! Come on people get your act together.
3	The service was very nice. 2 of us shared one meal and she split it on 2 plates for us which was very thoughtful. The portions were big. So even if we each had half of a portion it still looked big and it was plenty! For the portions the prices are ok and it tastes very good and it was served hot. The decor was really nice. Very Rainforest Cafe:)
3	Rainforest Cafe. It is just like any other Rainforest Cafe. The prices are as expected for this restaurant. The food was good but waitstaff was a bit slow but overall friendly. If you're looking for a cool environment and have never been to a place Rainforest Cafe, I'd recommend visiting it at least once. The atmosphere and ambiance is a pretty neat thing to experience while you are enjoying lunch or dinner. In addition to the forest, there are also multiple fish tanks with many unique types of fish.
1	nightmare! the reservation line and hosts are not on the same page, we waited for an hour in line anyway for overpriced, average at best food and elephants that were heard but not scene and "under construction".
3	I actually came here to do some quick shopping at the gift store and was going to stay for dinner but the line was way too long to eat dinner and make it to the club before the guest list closed. Rainforest cafe is definitely a family dinner spot, the restaurant is decorated like a rainforest with a large tank full of exotic fish to wow the children. Their gift shop is pretty cool too but its full of kids stuff with limited items for adults.
2	I was a fan of Rainforest Cafe for such a long time, but this place has gone downhill in terms of food quality.I ordered the Amazon Feast (A combination of Rotisserie Chicken and slow-roasted, St. Louis style pork spare ribs basted with our Smokin' Mojo BBQ sauce served with Safari fries and coleslaw) and what can I say... the chicken was very dry and the ribs were just disappointing. After eating so much good food off the strip, we were really disappointed in eating here. The reason we went in the first place was because of nostalgia and remembering it being better than it really was. So sad. It was funny because we both said it was good (because we wanted to like it) until one point in the dinner, where we just looked at each other and silently agreed and expressed our mutual dissatisfaction. At least that was amusing, lol.Yes... and I guess it's official. No more sparklers on the dessert (even in vegas!) I still think the set up is pretty awesome, even though part of it was closed off for remodeling when we went.  haha. Just not a good night for the Rainforest Cafe!2 stars for the still amazing aquarium and themed style of this place. The food was very average.
1	My gosh, I understand people come here with kids for the atmosphere but can they at least try to make the food taste ok!!!!!Came here 7/14/12 to celebrate my kid's bday. This would be our second time here and I was thinking, maybe I just got a bad batch. Anyway, I ordered the sampler: Egg rolls--tasted like dishwashing liquid, mozzarella sticks--bad breading, chicken strips--tasted like kid cuisine nuggets, soggy, horrible breading, no taste, spinich dip--holy crap it was bad. lumps of unmelted cheese, tasted like paste. The only things I enjoyed were the tortilla chips that they probably got out of a bag. My son then received the bday volcano brownie; we only at the ice cream. Duncan hines box mix was better than this crap. Sorry for being so candid but this is ridiculous. The food is HORRID IMO...on top of that we had a less than enthusiastic server. I will never go back to this place!!!No more sparklers on deserts either & all of the animals do not move...
2	Ick!  We only ended up here because we came to the MGM so late in the evening.  We were headed to Diego's but they close at 10PM and turn into a club.  Our only option at the time was Rainforest Cafe.  We were a group of 8 that included smaller children and teenagers so heading over to CUT was not an option! We had to wait in a roped off line for our seat.  Once we were seated the place didn't seem too crowded at all.  They placed all 8 of us at a makeshift joined table (one round and one square) which made for awkward seating.  While our waitress wasn't bad, she wasn't all that stellar either.  The food took FOREVER to make it to our table and one item came out cold (despite the hot plate).  She was a bit of a smart ass on a couple of issues which is never good.  Sometimes when people know the gratuity is automatically included, the service tends to suffer.  Their prices are also a little surprising as well.  The portion sizes aren't horrible but for the amount of food you get, I expect a little more at that price tag.We also had an issue with dirty silverware which was a little discouraging.At the end, our server was due to receive a $30 tip (mainly because of my liquor purchase).  My bro-in-law ended up having the manager lower it due to the absence of service and cold food.  The waitress was super pissed and her attitude changed immediately.  I think she actually snatched the billfold back from my nephew... I can honestly say that I will most likely never return to this location (or chain again).Oh yeah and can someone PLEASE clean the animated animals?!  The every-30 minute rainstorm is a bit cheesy and the animatronics seem as old as the forest itself.
4	3.5This wasn't our first choice, we came here out on a limb, because the restaurant we went to needed a reservation in order for us to get a good seat.  Not willing to splurge with the no view seating, we left.  After we overextended ourselves on the strip, we had no option but this, and it was late, so we had to make this our last stop.The food was surprisingly good, but the service was very very spotty, I got my tomato basil soup with no spoon, lol.  But the good soup saved my chagrin.  The cheese pizza was good also, too big to finish.  The chicken and beef fajita was decent too,  and the burger (with a fancy name) must be passable because it was all eaten.  In the end, the chef saved the day,  so pls give the overworked chef a raise. The noise in this restaurant was very high!  It's cute for the first half hour, then it got to be bothersome, and then all I wanted was to get the heck out of there.The fish tanks were the best part other than the food,  will come back to look at the fish and maybe get that soup to go next time...
1	Terrible!!! We took our son hoping for a fun meal.... he loved to atmosphere but we could have walked in and had the same experience! The food was horrible, service was slooow! Don't waste your time!
3	I have been here a few times with family visiting with small children.  The kids love the atmosphere.  We have only gone for lunchtime and it was during the week on both visits and we were seated and served right away.  They had a kid's menu and lots of choices on the menu included lots of smoothies.  Both times I got a salad and it was very yummy.  The kids just loved it when the tropical storm hit every 20 or so minutes.  The gift shop has a great selection and does have clearance items from time to time as well.  This is not top notch food but for the environment for the kids - this is perfect.
3	Place was alright. (very much like all the other RCs)Appetizers were delicious! the wings were crispy and flavorful (Not like the Anchor Bar, but still good)And the entrees were...alright.The whole process took wayyyy too long to complete. Apps to forever, Entrees took even longer...wasn't the best experience.
3	Super expensive for super underwhelming food. Kinda stupid decorations too, and lots of rain storm effects. This place could have been really well done but its like a Disney knock off.I ate here with almost 30 people for a business lunch and the servers couldn't really keep up, it was way out of their league
1	Meh. I used to come to Vegas almost twice a month since I was a child and even lived here for a short period of time and I always remembered this cafe coming through the doors of the MGM. To be honest, I never had the chance to check it out and the only reason I did was because almost every place was too packed to get seating to eat. I opted for the bar and got a pasta dish.  Before I even ordered, it was a little alarming that the chef had to come out to explain to a customer why the dish he served was off. Knowing I was short on time, I opted for a pesto pasta and chicken dish.Normally, I am a huge fan of pesto & pasta but the mediocrity of the $20 pasta plate I got was a really mood killer. I could honestly have made a better dish with $3 and the amount of time (~25 minutes) it took for them to serve my dish. Not worth the wait, and not worth the $.
5	We had an excellent server. Tall clean cut white Guy. If you seen him you'd think he was a City COP. My hamburger and frys we're delicious. He never let my drink get below half full and the mozzarella sticks were the best I've ever eaten. Bathrooms where very clean. We went last friday and probably only waited 10 minutes for our seats. We where a relatively small party thou, of 4. If your in Vegas I highly recommend this place. Not to come off as a dick, but I think the influx of bad remarks, people of unrealistic expectations.
3	Is okay,  the cheesy effects are fun. .. It's a laugh. Wait staff nice.  Food was tasty.  Drinks were good (were definitely not made with koolaid like one review said)It's over priced but it served us well. The other eateries were too uptight or too burger,  deli style so this pleased place worked for us.
4	Good food, very cool atmosphere.  Good drinks for a good price
2	$20 for a plate of unsatisfying (borderline disgusting) nachos? $16 for a pina colada with not even a hint of rum? I came here knowing and expecting outrageous prices, but I was also expecting the food to be somewhat good - is that too much to ask? I don't understand why the food and drinks are just..... not good. Are we supposed to be paying for the atmosphere? Sure it's kind of fun to sit around stuffed animals and fake waterfalls, but the "thunderstorm" that comes every 20 minutes drives me nuts. I guess this is more of a kid place. So.... if I had kids and for some reason took them to Vegas, I suppose I would take them here. Otherwise, I see no reason to spend $40 dining here for a plate of nachos and a sugary drink. Better off going to a buffet for that price.
2	After reading some reviews of other folks, we decided to check out the Rainforest Cafe when we arrived to the hotel. It was a long trip and we just wanted to get something in our belly that wasn't a fortune. I've eaten here previously prior to my celiac diagnosis and had decent food so I was confident they would be able to provide me with a meal to suit my needs.We ate at the bar because there was a 20 minute wait for a table in the dining room. The manager was behind the bar and said the chef would come out and make me whatever I wanted after I explained to him about celiac disease and gluten.25 minutes later, the manager was gone and the chef never came out to check on me. So I just decided to order a salad and tell them the obvious, no croutons and no bread.The salad came out with bread on the side of the plate so my sister just took it and ended up eating it. I picked the lettuce off of the salad where the bread had been just in case.The salad was just okay. Nothing to write home about. I didn't end up sick afterwards or feeling sick so I guess that's all that really matters. It is getting tiring of always settling for something just to stay safe.I don't think I could recommend this restaurant for my Pretty Little Celiacs.
5	i loved the atomsophere, food was great and great service
1	The rainforest cafe does not have a dynamite shrimp appetizer. The coupon isn't valid. - TipSo I can't really say that I was all that impressed with the Rainforest Cafe. First off - you can't collect Mlife points from eating here. I think it has to do with the restaurant being actually part of a chain but that isn't really explained that well by their servers when asked. Face it - you are really going for the novelty of the place and not the food or drinks. The animals come "to life" every 20 minutes or so and the animatronics in there are severely outdated. There was next to no booze in my drink that I ordered so I paid extra for a semi-spiked juice. I had fish and chips where the fish batter had no flavor and the fish had been over cooked. The fries with it were just kinda sad, and a little bit cold. My boyfriend had the ravioli which was not bad but really not very high quality at all. It was maybe two notches over Chef Boyardi quality. I'm not going to go back. I don't feel like waiting in line to be seated at a place that has weak food and weenie drinks.
1	The Rainforest Cafe had some of the worst service. My sister and I ordered an appetizer, and it never came. Plus it took forever for us to get are food. Basically the server forgot us. When we got our food, it was OK, but not great. I ordered the turkey wrap, and my sister a burger. In a nut shell, bad service, and the food is way overpriced for what you get. You are basically paying for the novelty.
1	Bad food and pushy waiter.  We hardly finished what we were served. My fish was heavily battered and the french fries seemed to be out of a bag- really fast-food under a plastic tree.
1	I really tried to keep an open mind, I promise.We were with some friends and they suggested Rainforest because they enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant from previous visits. I initially thought the decor was cute but not enough to encourage poor quality food but decided to give this location a try anyway, especially since the other people in the party seemed so keen about it and it'd be my bf's first time. I wish I had either 1. gotten a lot more alcohol to dull my taste buds, or 2. eaten beforehand to escape from having to order food.The host and waitress were both friendly and chatty so they were not the problem. However, when we were ordering, we noticed that the thunderstorm was occurring inside, and when the food finally arrived, the thunderstorm was happening again - you know what that means.. it took 30 minutes for the food to come out. This wouldn't be a problem if the food was actually edible. Oh and fyi, we put in the order for the two appetizers 10 minutes before ordering the rest of the food.1. spinach artichoke dip - i finally see why they called it artiCHOKE. i nearly puked when eating this overly cottage cheesy like dip, that was clearly overbaked (idk why it's baked and not done stove top like other spinach artichoke dips are)2. onion stack - the breading kept falling off the onion so i ended up using a fork and a knife not to be classy but because any other way and everything would've fallen apart3. guac burger - ordered it medium, came out burnt. not medium rare, not medium, not medium well, not even well, it was burnt (like even the cheese on the meat was burnt)4. chicken wrap? i forgot the name - it was a wrap, with fries, was a bit spicy idk why when it didn't say so on the menu, and well this one wasn't too bad i suppose.5. pastalaya - a dish on their NEW menu! looked nothing like the picture first of all, and omg was not lying when it said hot and spicy! the bread (that was hard as a stone) was the only reason why we could eat the chicken soaked in cajun sauce because bf's and my lips were burning from one corner to the other due to this super spicy dish. The skinny?One pro: we got to see 3 thunderstorms before we left and it was sorta entertaining but we sat so far from the animals that it defeated the purpose of eating in a rainforest. Cons: price, food, wait time.
2	Great for kids, but awful for any adults with functioning taste buds. It was my kid's birthday and I thought he'd like it because of the animatronic animals and all. He did. He got a big kick out of them, the sound effects, thunder, and faux jungle decorations. For dinner he got dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets. Surprisingly, they're the same kind that you can get at most grocery stores for a fraction of the price. Everything here is over priced. It's a huge tourist trap. Even after my wife and I split an entree we still paid a fortune.This is a Landry's restaurant. The same company behind the Chart House, Claim Jumper, McCormick and Schmick's, and other  similar spots. As a big corporation, you can see many of the cost-cutting measures they take -- frozen mozzarella sticks, cheap salad dressing, chicken that probably comes from massive feeding/farming plants that documentaries warn us about, rice that is no better than Uncle Ben's, etc. All the ingredients felt and tasted cheap.The service, however, was great. Our waitress was so nice and friendly and added to my kid's birthday dinner experience. I hear they're going to close this place sometime this year. I'm not surprised. At least it will force me to take my kid someplace else for his bday next year.
3	The food here is average at best.  We mostly come here because the kids like all the animals and the thunder storm that happens about every 20 min.  Ok.  I kinda like it too.  I just wish the food was better.  It is pretty pricey for the quality you get.  You are paying for the atmosphere and not so much the food.  The gift shop is full of cute overpriced stuff.  Good luck leaving without anything if you have kids.  We had my sons 2nd birthday party here.  All the children got a kids meal and drink included in the package.  We ordered a ton of apps for the parents.  I wasn't expecting much but the apps were actually pretty good.  Cha Cha the frog came and took pictures with the guests and there was a safari host who did a few magic tricks and face painting.  They gave us our own section on a Saturday which was nice.  I was very happy with the party.  If I was rating just on the party I would give 4 stars but that is not the normal experience here so I will base it on our typical visits.
3	But just like any Vegas restaurant, the prices are much higher than other Rainforest Cafes.  It's a cool atmosphere with the mechanical animals, rainforest sounds, and storms.  It's actually great for kids too.  Food is good and drinks are good, but the price just doesn't match.  BUT the chocolate lava cake is AMAZING!
1	I went with a group of 8 on a Tuesday night. We arrived at an empty restaurant, and were sat 5 minutes later in the corner by the kitchen in a busy pathway. The waitress didn't put 2 of the meals on the bill so they came about 15 minutes later than everyone elses, also forgot an appetizer. Not that it was going well anyway, multiple people felt very sick after eating. Not somewhere I would go again.
3	We had a lot of fun here on our last trip to Vegas. I have a lot of allergies, so I need to be very careful where I eat and once I find a place that doesn't make me ill, it becomes my go-to place. The portions were huge -- I ordered a salad, filled up on it, brought it home and got two more portions out of it. My boyfriend couldn't even finish the burger he ordered. And, unlike most places on the strip, soda refills were free. The service was hit or miss. The first time we went, our server was incredible. She was attentive, friendly, and worth the generous tip we gave her. However, the second day we went in just for a quick appetizer before I had to go to a show. Although the server had a somewhat difficult to understand accent, she was nice enough until she discovered we wouldn't be ordering full meals. Suddenly, the service dropped off and she became visibly annoyed. Not cool, because I still tip well, even when I don't order a lot of food.
4	Cute location at Viva Las Vegas, I didn't din in, I was at the bar the whole time. The decor is lovely, but then again if you have been to one before same concept. But great service.
2	This place is not worth it. It is way over priced just to be sitting down in a fake forest with fish tanks around the restaurant. I was unhappy with the service and the choice selection of the menu. Kids really love this place because of the fake animals and rain forest around them. I will never go back or recommend it to others better off going to Chile's, or Fridays restaurant chains.
4	i love rainforest cafe!  there aren't many left around so i'm glad there's one in the valley.  the southwest eggroll appetizer is the best!! yummmmmmmmm
3	We came here in hopes of having a meal with our 2 kids and surviving all at the same time, with no dirty looks from strangers. All of those things were accomplished at Rainforest Cafe in LV. The food was ok.. what you would expect. Our waitress was nice, and clearly had experience serving families because she was prompt and attentive to our needs. Its really loud in there and every 10 minutes or so they have a "rain storm" and the fake animals  move and make noise. Its really fun for the kids! It was REALLY expensive for what it is, so I don't think we will come back. But if you come to Vegas with kids (I know.. blaspheme!) then this might be good for a little break in fine dining.
3	The restaurant is located inside the MGM Grand.  Been here a few times.  Even bought a polo shirt here once for $15.00.The wait was a bit long each time we've went.  The service was fine each time though, and the restaurant appeared clean.  The ambiance is pretty cool.  It has that nice rainforest atmosphere, and you can even hear the sounds of the animals of the rainforest.  The kids loved it.The food is decent.  Nothing stood out taste or quality wise so I will not recommend any dish.  Hopefully, you will try something you like.I do not know If I'd go back to this location again.  There are so many other more options in Las Vegas to try.  I would probably only go back again if the kids wanted to.
2	My husband and I was so excited to eat here after looking at the cool decorations and set up of the restaurant. The wait wasn't that bad to get a table for 2. We waited for about 30 minutes. Any table is a good table in this restaurant. Each table has a good view of the aquariums and animatronics on the wall. They were very busy when we went so our server was very rushed, but nice. The food on the other hand was a complete disappointment and certainly not worth the steep prices. We ordered the Lava Nachos for an appetizer. It was a hearty portion, but looked like someone sprinkled some cheese on chips and stuck it in the microwave for 30 seconds. Those were $15. We split the turkey wrap as well. Honestly, I would have gotten the same quality wrap at a gas station. That cost $15 as well. Moral of the story, you are paying for the atmosphere, not the food. I've gotten better food at Chili's and for half the price. If you want a cool atmosphere and not too concerned about food, then go for it. But don't expect quality food.
4	Looking for a reasonably priced spot to eat at the MGM Grand, we ended up at the Rainforest Cafe.  The decor has a jungle feel with moving toy animals and animal sounds going off at odd times.  It has a very playful look that I wouldn't have thought it was a legit cafe from afar.  Thinking the cafe was more about its foresty antics, I sat down with low expectations.Service was slow but I didn't mind this time as I was with a good sized group and we enjoyed our conversation.  If I was in a rush, the slowness would've been an issue.I ordered the chicken & ribs combo.  It arrived and looked dry.  Neither the chicken nor the ribs looked appetizing but I was hungry!  To my surprise, both passed the taste test!  The chicken was moist and flavorful.  The ribs, while it looked dry, was tender and fell off the bone.  While my wallet was hurting in Vegas, my tummy was happy this night!Would I eat here again?  I'm not opposed to returning, but I will always opt for a new restaurant whenever traveling (Bachi Burger is one of my few exceptions...)
2	Pros- good spot for a group with kids or teens, place is casual and loudThe anamatronics, fishtanks and design are pretty cool and at least give the place that fun vibe.Cons-food flat out sucks for the price and cost aside its just not great. Not sure how you can screw up fried cheese on an appetizer and chopped chicken salad but they did on my last and hopefully final visit. The kids had ribs and these were literally the worst pork ribs ive ever eaten. It really is appalling how many ppl come here and spend this kind of money (17 for chicken salad)for truly awful food.The wait, again Ive been here a few times over the years and its always busy, which is a sad testament to human kindIn summary if you are in Vegas with kids and you happen to be famished and have no cares about price or taste of food then I guess this is your place. Extra star simply for the entertainment value of surroundings
4	4.5 stars.It's been a long while since we went to this local theme restaurant location (we went to the Downtown Disney location while on vacation this past February)- last went here when we were in the midst of wedding planning (in fact, made the top 2 on our list), in 2005, wow! And this is one of our favorite theme restaurants, which is part of the Landry's family of chain restaurants (Landry's, Claim Jumper, Bubba Gump, Chart House, McCormick & Schmicks, Morton's, Aquarium, She, Golden Nugget, etc.)- so don't forget to use your Landry's Select card to rack up the points. Since the walk is a bit of a stretch inside the casino from the parking garage, with construction (the observation areas for the lions were removed some time ago- that was the last time we were in the MGM), plus add the large influx of tourists for Spring Break, we wondered if the wait for lunch would be horrible. But it really wasn't- about 15 minutes. I also figured that there were so many other choices at the MGM, maybe it wouldn't be as crowded (dinner may have been a different story). (BTW, the A rating is posted behind the hostess podium.) We were seated in a quieter section of the restaurant, behind the mushroom-domed bar, and looking outward to the casino-walking traffic. There were five gorillas (animatronics?) in our little nook. And one of them kept changing position and facing my husband at times.  The atmosphere is pretty much the appeal along with good eats, of course. The jungle theme is a lot of fun. There is a storm every so often. From top to bottom, it is a jungle, through and through. There are colorful birds throughout. There also many aquariums with a good variety and range of bright colorful fish, located in the front and throughout. The servers all wear zoo-like attire/uniform, camel colored pants and button-down collared shirts. The bathrooms are located upstairs, 2nd floor (stairs and elevators- this is where the stroller parking is next to, as well). There is a baby-changing station in the corner of the bathroom, near the handicapped stalls in the back (but not inside the stall).  The prices are a little higher here. We ended up getting our favorite item here, the sampler appetizer ($18; chimi-cha-chas, spinach artichoke dip with tri-colored chips, cheese sticks, & chicken tenders with guacamole, marinara sauce, & coconut curry sauce- we like to share. My favorite is the chimi-cha-chas (kinda similar to the southwest eggrolls @ Benigans). Everything was delicious, but some of the chips were a bit too salty, just scrape it off, if that happens to you too. My husband especially likes the coconut curry sauce, and we were dipping the tenders into it. And since it was Easter, we did splurge by getting dessert, bananas foster, which was pretty big- but we also shared this, too. (The featured dessert, a lava cake is $14.99- this a popular one.) The bill was a little over $28.00. The wait for our food getting to our table was not bad either. I had to feed the baby, while we were waiting. The staff was pretty good as a whole. While in line, there was a lady taking names and party numbers on a list. That's probably why the wait wasn't as long. The hostess greeted us right away; she was giving us an intro as she was seating us but it was hard to hear because of the noise level. The server was nice, and was surprised that we are locals. Guess not many locals visit, maybe because it's inside a casino. He did check on us a few times during our visit. The manager also made his rounds and thanked us for coming down for lunch. Afterward, we went to the store, and browsed. I think that there is a promotion for diners, to save 10% off their purchase. Cute stuff for kids. A fun place with jungle theme & aquariums, good eats for a theme restaurant, clean place (A rating), good staff, baby-changing station in the bathroom- we'll be back again. If there is a holiday, we'll make reservations next time.
3	Well, the atmosphere is fun. I enjoy the fake foliage, fake animals, fake thunderstorm, and fake nature noises. I didn't care much for the fake friendliness of our server though. You can tell when someone is completely faking it.After a tedious 40 minute wait (make reservations to avoid that) we were seated. Eventually. The hostess was confused and we went for a tour of the restaurant. After winding our way through tables for awhile, she finally stopped and called on her headset for help. A minute later she finally got us to a table. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger from fake-happy-waiter. The burger was ordered medium but received well done.  It was an average burger despite being dry.It wasn't awful but not worth a wait nor the price.
1	Not even a 1 poor service terrible food tired decor except for the fish tanks 10.00 for a dried out hot dog my grandson waited for 20 minutes for some ketsup
3	This restaurant located inside the MGM Grand, has a fantastic atmosphere. Lot's of Greenery and of course a little mist now and then....the "animals" come to life every so often. I had the baked half-chicken...which I thought was ok, but was a little over-priced..the bread was "extra" ..but I got a small slice which the waiter said that If I had more he would have to charge me for it...the side of mashed potatoes which came with it was good but a small serving as well....the experience was a five, but all in all a three.....if ya go to the MGM, ya just gotta  go in anyway and get something .......
2	Directly after writing the original review I was contacted by a person to fill-out an guest experience form. Within 24 hours of filling out the online form I received a call from the GM of this location asking about the issues we had.  After the conversation he said he was going to send us some form of compensation.  I did receive yesterday a Landry's $15.00 gift card.
2	The only reason that I am even giving the Rainforest Cafe two stars is because the ambiance is hard to beat. Who doesn't want to eat in a rain forest with trumpeting elephants and hollering chimps!?!Unfortunately, I didn't even get to eat here on my visit. My friend and I attempted to stop by on a Friday afternoon. We were seated relatively quickly and then forgotten about. We sat there for a good fifteen minutes and were never greeted by a waiter. No water, no food, no nothing! We finally just got up and left.Sorry Rainforest...but you lost our business!On a side note, browsing the menu for 15 minutes allowed me ample time to decide that the food is ridiculously overpriced.
2	Salmon Dry/overcooked..Servers are pleasant...but service a bit sloooow. We used to take our kids here years ago..., but I don't think we will return
2	Be advised that this review is based off a first time experience. It didn't go well for my wife and I went.I will give this place a 2.5 star overall rating. I will say that I absolutely loved the Rainforest Cafe theme. I mean they simulate a tropical storm and it has fictitious animals that move and I believe talk and make noise (A cool place to keep kids entertain). I felt this place was a lot different from the other restaurants my wife and I visited in Vegas.The waitress was ok....she wasn't bad but wasn't great either. At times she would disappear for a duration of time before we would see her again. So after we finally found and flagged her down we put in our drink and food orders. Here is where things started to go downhill.After waiting about 30-45 minutes, only filling our stomachs with drinks we began looking around at other tables. Immediately we realized that people who was in the restaurant well before us were just starting to receive their meals. We knew it right there that the kitchen was backed up and it was going to be a long night (1 star demotion).However, we sat and waited patiently, and after waiting another 45 minutes or an hour (Could of been longer but I was so hungry that I was doing whatever I could to take my mind off the super late food and the time) our waitress finally brought out our food.I ordered the "Tastes of the Islands" and when my meal is presented to me I immediately say to the waitress, "I know I ordered this an hour ago, but I'm pretty sure this meal was suppose to come with scallops" (These fools had fries on my plate). But I'm not done yet because not only did they mess that up but my wife's food was cold and when I finally took a bite of my food it was cold as well (2 star demotion). So they make the correction on the scallops which was the only hot item we had (Should of had that the first time) and that wasn't bad.Finally we talked with the manager and he tells us that he'll comp our entire meal, thus the reason I gave them the half a star increase in my overall rating.Hey, I'm not saying not to go to this place. Maybe my wife and I just had bad luck this time around. Your luck might be better and the kitchen might not be running behind.Hopefully your meal is better than ours when we went.
3	My family and I went to eat here last night and thought everything was good. I have went there once before when I was a teenager and wanted to go again. The reason for my 3 Star choice is that the food wasn't that good. It was expensive and I thought the food was going to be delicious. The best tasting thing I are was in the appetizer and I don't even remember what it was called. Lol. The kids loved the theme and decor but no one touched their plate hardly. Service was wonderful but I think that the quality of food should be improved.
2	I'm torn between one and two stars here so will give them the benefit of the doubt. The atmosphere is cute, as everyone has said and my server was friendly and efficient. Those were the only good things about the experience though. I ordered a patron margarita and when the waiter brought it it looked like a glass of water. Unfortunately, it tasted like one too. I don't like to send things back, but this was the worst margarita I have ever had and for $14+ I had to send it back. Then came my salad. It was some kind of a chinese chicken salad. The flavor would've been pretty good if they hadn't put so many crunchy noodles in it. Those were the only thing that I could taste. This isn't a restaurant that I will be returning to.
4	Oh goodness, I was the envy of the table when I ordered the bbq chicken pizza.  When it came to the table it was on a wooden paddle and it was oozing lovely cheese and full of chicken and bbq sauce.  Very delicious, great price, mouthwatering not only to yourself but to others, makes you the star attraction for the moment, and leftovers(!!!).  Rainforest Cafe has a great menu and pricing, you will find something you like.  My primal friend found a meal he enjoyed and was able to substitute the potatoes with veggies.  My gluten intolerant friend was able to find food that was friendly to her tummy.  Sharing is caring and I was able to share my dish with my dinner buddies.  Nice location (MGM Grand), fun location, we didn't have to wait very long for a table, friendly staff, and good food.
2	Love the atmosphere. Food was average.
1	You have got to be kidding me with these prices.  I don't care how many animatronic animals you have, $16 for a burger is ridiculous.
2	The buffet lines were too long, so I ended up here with 5 friends all looking to get rowdy.  Despite the scores of 5- to 8-year-olds, we had a good time.  At the end of our meal, I sent a chocolate volcano dessert to the neighboring table of kids with matching soccer shirts on.  It looked really good and probably should have ordered it for us too.  When it came out and the servers sang happy birthday (would have been a total coincidence if it was one of their birthdays!), the kids went from being completely confused to being stoked to dig in the chocolate tower.I had the bacon burger, which was recommended by our server.  She asked how I wanted it cooked.  I requested medium rare, but it was a little more cooked than medium.  It wasn't impressive, especially for being the best item on the menu.I drank two $16 very weak fruit punches.  Not impressed here either, since they were so weak.  Even as a grown (mostly) adult, I was taken by the atmosphere.  The tropical rain forest motif and salt water aquariums were pretty awesome.
5	I LOVE RAINFOREST CAFE.  My wife and I have a shared passion for this restaurant; call it a guilty pleasure or whatver, but we think this place is awesome. We have made it a personal goal to go to every location in the world and slowly but surely, we are checking ones off our list.  We've been to the one in Vegas, the one at Disney California, both of them at Disney Florida, the one at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, and the one in Atlantic City.  Unfortunately, we were in London together a few years back and I guess just forgot to go, but hey, there's always time!Either way, not much to say about this particular location, other than the fact that it might be bussier than the other locations that I have been to (not a surprise, since it's Vegas).  The food is the same here as at the other locations, and I always order the same thing every time I go anyway (I get the rasta pasta, which is penne pasta with broccoli, red peppers, and grilled chicken, with a pesto and pine nut sauce on top).  Prices are the same (fairly pricey for the quality of the food, but hey you're also paying for the decor, which includes a rainforest that comes alive every 20 minutes or so...AWESOME).I love, love, LOVE this place, and any time I am in a city that has a Rainforest Cafe, I make it a point of going there for dinner.
4	Cheesy atmosphere for the kids but good and varied menu options for breakfast (and lunch).Opted for the eggs benedict (though all their menu choices have themed names). Bacon made crispy to order, eggs benedict poached correctly, and the roasted potato slices were bite sized and well seasoned for a slight kick. Thoroughly impressed by the dish as I've had other good eggs benedicts elsewhere but with underwhelming side potatoes.Service was friendly but food was a bit slow, which wasn't a big deal to me.Atmosphere is very much catered to families with young kids. They have animatronic elephants and leopards, fake thunder storms (hard to carry a conversation), a well done jungle motif, and neat fish tanks. If it strikes your fancy, take a picture next to the plastic stationary gorilla sitting on the bench.Ignoring all that silly themed stuff, 4 stars for the benedict and potatoes alone. They get my vote for breakfast, and though not a breakfast food, their chocolate volcano themed dessert seemed impressive.
2	I don't know what happened to this place. It's gone downhill!!!! I used to enjoy coming here, the food was pretty good. This time it was super salty and not to mention expensive!!! Our waiter was super cool at least.
4	We came to celebrate a friends birthday. They got the brownie dessert. It was huge and really good. We got the volcano nachos. They were really yummy!  The prices were just super high!
4	Don't understand why this place has poor reviews. We stayed in the MGM, and walked past this place all the time. We finally stopped in and ate breakfast here. Their portions are great, prices are right and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint is the noise level.. It was a bit loud, but overall you're having breakfast in a rainforest. what else can you expect?!
3	It was good. Just went for breakfast. Service was meh, lightning show was not exciting.
2	This review for this location is based on the fact that I've been to 3 other locations. Don't go! Skip it! The customer service is horrible (I know it's vegas). The food is 20% higher than other locations (I know it's vegas), and that makes it too expensive as any RF Cafe is a little on the high side.. Long wait, they messed up our order, longer wait to get it replaced... And did I mention the lousy customer service? I would recommend going to RF Cafe but definitely not at this location. We were at Houdini's magic shop afterwards and the guy who worked there had the same basic opinion.I heard from upper management and that was nice. Enough to upgrade them to two stars but still won't go back. I don't think upper managements concerns are shared by local management. Will continue to visit the one in Downtown Disney!
4	First, the wait was crazy. Those reviewers weren't kidding. If you have time to kill like we did, then no problem. We waited in line for who knows how long, 30-45 minutes, but my daughter was content exploring the gift shop and checking out the huge aquariums. Our server was friendly and on top of it but a nearby table wasn't so fortunate. He brought out our drinks and we had a long wait ahead of us. The animals in the "jungle" come to life every 15 minutes with fake lightning.My husband ordered the mahi mahi and tempura shrimp which was good but came out warm...barely. Same with my daughters mac n cheese. I ordered the tri-colored tortellini which was delicious and came out hot! For desert we ordered the volcano which is wayyyyyy bigger than the picture looks but was delicious.After all was said and done we spent $80 for the 3 of us to have a meal, soda, and share a desert. So pricey but it was a fun experience. If it weren't for the warmish food and the wait I would definitely give 5 stars.
2	The only reason I'm giving 2 stars (instead of 1) is due to the excellent customer service provided by the bartender Lori who deserves a kudos for just being awesome :)Outside of that....waited in line for 35 minutes (was told it would be a "20-minute wait").  Eventually the hostess came up and when she found out I was a party of "one" she said, "Oh, do you want to sit in the bar then?" (might have been nice to know that was an option 35 minutes ago!)Prices are ridiculous, but so is everything in Vegas. O_oI did have a coupon for a free Appetizer and got the Spinach Artichoke dip which was not life changing by any stretch of the imagination and the chips that came with it were chewy and stale!I made the mistake of ordering the Macadamia Crusted Tilapia and Coconut Shrimp!  Absolutely tasteless, no flavor.  (Honestly, the Coconut Shrimp appetizer at Ruby Tuesday is MUCH better!)  and I literally could NOT eat my Tilapia (and I LOVE fish!)  I can usually plow through a flavorless meal if I'm really hungry, but the Tilapia was the biggest waste of my tastebuds' time!  Total waste of time and money.The atmosphere is fun though, especially for kids, and the gift shop is great if you have money to burn and like animals! :)
1	I went there for my 21st bday this July 4 2013 and the service was horrible!!!! I don't recommend this place I expected better service for the price you have to pay, I'm glad we walked out and there manager didn't do anything to stop us from leaving that shows that they don't care about service
3	My 8 yr old daughter really wanted to eat at Rainforest after passing by it dozens of times during our many trips to Vegas. We were seated right away but it took 10 minutes for our waiter to notice we were there. He was very nice. Lance, I think. The prices are pretty high. Kids meals are $10 each. Yikes. My daughter ordered popcorn shrimp and fries that were pretty decent. I ordered the quesadilla appetizer (because I refuse to pay $16 to $19 for pasta or a burger). It was pretty good but I would have liked the salsa or part of it to be a little spicier. Oh, and another LV restaurant with $4 sodas.  Also, my feet literally stuck to the floor under my table. Yuck. My daughter really enjoyed looking around at all the animals and thought the thunderstorm was pretty cool. Overall, not a bad experience. I don't think I'll go back, but I won't totally count it out.
2	The food was terrible and the wait I pretty bad if you do not make a reservation. The pictures on the menu look nothing like the food when it comes out and it took a long time. Very pricey for terrible food. My niece di love all the animals which was good and the waiter was nice the two times we saw him, but that's about all the positives there are.
1	This visit to the Rainforest Cafe was a big bomb.. Never again!!! Waiter didn't have a clue and couldn't buy one.. Took forever just to get our drinks and even longer for our food. Assistant Manager had to step in after cause we sat and waited over 45 minutes and the place was practically empty. It took the Assistant Manager a few minutes and then we had our drinks.. The manager actually got involved and brought a refill for drinks.. The food was passable but not the best.. Personally... I won't come back here.. They lost us as customers with some lousy service.. The assistant manager tried his best..but the server needed much more training...
2	Ahhh, the Rainforest Cafe.  It used to be so awesome when it was it's own company way back when, but once it was sold to Landry's, it seemed to just go down hill.  The food quality went down and the prices went up.The interior of the restaurant is pretty cool though and why it got an extra star from me.  It has a replica of the sky with shooting stars, a waterfall, huge trees, and different animals that come to life every so often.  If you have kids, it is a really fun place to take them at least once.  Warning though, some animals are really loud and can scare kids if you are sitting super close, especially the gorillas.  Keep that in mind if you have skiddish kids. The service is pretty all over the place as well.  I have been a couple of times because out of town people always want to go here (UGH!).  Sometimes you get amazing service and sometimes it is simply atrocious!  Though I have bad luck with servers, so this is everywhere nowadays.  The food is hit or miss as well.  Some things are great like the pasta and the appetizers.  And some things are just blah, like the seafood and steaks.  And of course everything is very pricy for what you actually get.  So if you have kids, take them once for fun, but don't set your bar too high.
2	Not exactly the worst food but with the prices, it should've been DEEEEEELICIOUS rather than average. Had their burger & fries, cause everything else was just way too $$$$$$$. Boyfriend ordered me a Green Python drink, and it was just so yummy. Probably the best part of my dining experience. Went home with a free glass with my drink too but besides that, I probably won't be back ever again.
3	Good for kids but don't expect much good food.
1	Very poor customer service, waited 40 minutes for dinner and service table never cleared had to push plates away for room, had to ask for clean dishes, had to get drink replaced food in cups,  manager was very curt when we complained, waiter always had. Smile but everything we asked for was never done, overt priced food cold should I go on?    On top of all that.    Tip was included  that's a joke......i am going on every review site for this one....
2	The only thing this place has going for them is really just their adorable rainforest theme.  The food is just a no-go. It tastes like it was stored in the freezer and microwaved, then served on a platter.  If the prices were cheaper, I wouldn't care so much about the quality of the food though.  The problem is this place charges WAY TOO MUCH for one dish that isn't even good quality.  Their portion sizes aren't very generous either for how much they're charging.The theme in here is the only thing keeping me from giving this place a depressing one star rating.  They have these timed "thunderstorms" and the animals move and the ceiling looks like the night sky with a bunch of pretty stars.  My family definitely regretted trying this place out because none of us were full from the meal we had ordered.  What really ticked us off was the price. We paid so much for dinner and yet we were still hungry afterwards.
3	I went to this place for the kids last night.  Everything is expensive and unhealthy, but the kids enjoyed it.  The food is tasty because it is high in fat, sugar, or salt, or a combination thereof.  It is a treat for them once and a while.  The service was good.
1	Really disappointed. My boyfriend and I were just in Vegas for our vacation and made this our first stop when we arrived. From the moment we go to the restaurant  things just got worse. We stood at the hostess stand for at least 3min before deciding to just seat ourselves. As soon as we do we get stopped and partially acknowledged, but more questioned, by someone on staff walking by. We continue to seat ourselves at the bar, the bartender made eye contact multiple times over a period of 5min before deciding to greet us. Asks what we want, but we have no menus or drink lists..she never gave us her name or made any suggestions..my salad was sloppily put together with browning lettuce and my boyfriends sandwich was bland with cold and overly salty French fries. Our drinks took quite awhile for the amount of guests (or lack there of) the restaurant had. Our bartender/server (Cheryl--which we found out later from our receipt) never checked back with us, when we did see her we had to waive her down before she finished turning her head. She was however very gracious and hospitable to a couple that sat next to us midway through our meal -- she even mad small talk about their visit to the strip The only thing we mildly enjoyed was the restaurants decor and ambiance.
2	Not very good the atmosphere was ok. The food was ok. We had a lot of kids with us and they were not that impressed also. There are better choices in Vegas.
3	Came here for my birthday, was suppose to b for a party of 11 but ended up being 9. I originally called and made the reservation and they told me they weren't going to be able to do separate checks, made the reservation for 6:30pm. Got all ready and wanted to be just a little early just in case, showed up around 6:00. The guy at the podium explained that it wasn't there policy to seat until at least have the party had arrived. Told him no one explained any policy to me. Next guest arrived at 6:45. So I stood their in my heals trying to entertain my 2 year old until we could be seated. By 6:50 finally we had enough people so guy at podium said we could finally go through to the line. We sat waiting for about 20minutes. I was furious. What's the point of having a reservation if you are still going to have to wait. And during all this time tons of walk ins were getting seated. I understand we had a large party but hence the call ahead. We were seated and then no one had taken our drink order. A waitress stopped by and said that she didn't know who our waiter was but she would try and find out, then returned and said she didn't know whose we were but she would take us anyway. Waitress was great, had wonderful attitude, and handled a big party we'll. I believe her name was Staci. The food was amazing. I picked up my bday tab of over 300 dollars, it's about 25 to 30 per person without drinks. After all that I thought they might give me the birthday lava cake for free that we had split with our whole party but there was a charge for that to, don't think I'll be doing a bday again here soon but still a good experience for people who haven't witnessed this fun atmosphere.
5	Naturally, the ambience is cool and there is a thunder storm every half hour that includes flashing lights like lightning and the sound of rain. The spinach artichoke dip was very tasty! There is also a new specialty menu that has incredible steak and lobster and chicken paillard, both of which were worth the price! The total bill for the four of us was $115 without any alcohol or desserts and two of us had salads. It's a little pricey but has a cool vibe and the food was great!
2	Ok, my rating for this restaurant is:Decor - 5 starsFood - 3 starsService - 2 starsI read the other reviews of this restaurant and they are pretty bad. I don't think that the management really care about it because when we got there we had to wait to be seating and the restaurant was packed.I presume that it is why the service was so slow. I don't blame our waitress for the time it took her to attend us, their understaffed!So is the kitchen!This too bad, because it has a lot of potential to be a place where ppl can enjoy and have fun.As long as this is their rating, I don't think I'll eat there again
3	The food is really nothing special. The great thing about this restaurant is the ambience. This fish tanks are gorgeous and awesome .FOOD = nothing to brag about. Still a nice time though.
1	Long line, inattentive staff, over priced and undercooked food. I will never come here again. Came here for my daughters 7th birthday and what a mistake. We ordered the onion rings as an appetizer and they came out totally not what I was expecting for the price. After roughly 15 mins our waiter finally stopped by the table. They were under cooked sog
1	Disgusting. The waiter came by our table often for the sole reason to interrupt our dinner and give us a long-winded speech about clubs and deals and other bullshit that had nothing to do with our dinner, or food. He also knew nothing about the wine, it was like being served by a car salesman who kept forcing us to listen to his sales pitches.The food was lukewarm, and so so so dissapointing. The seafood, though it was NOT specified on the menu, was drowning in some sort of butter/cream goo. The steaks were dry, flavorless, and small. Everything was overpriced, and the wine was terrible. The seasonal "vegetables" were cold, and covered in dry parmesean cheese. The potatoes were bland as well. Four of us sat down for dinner, and nobody's food was warm enough, and everybody was disappointed by the low quality of their meal. Such a bad experience, and it hurt to pay the very steep bill at the end for such terrible food and service.Rainforest Cafe....never, ever again will we dine with you.
4	Our kids love the rainforest cafe. Both of them had their birthday this year. The food is very good and the volcano chocolate dessert is great. Great place for families and fun at that with the animatronic animals.
2	Hi Friends!I'll start with the positive. The restaurant is pretty cool and every 30 min they have an awesome thunderstorm and some of the fake animals move.On the down side, we showed up at about 10 pm and it took over an hour to get some chicken tenders out. The food was not very good and the fries were cold. By the end of it we just wanted to leave and get a yard long margarita. I wouldn't come back.  Other Rainforest Cafes are much better, like the one at Disneyland.
1	The positives: It's decorated like the rainforest. The negatives:1. They sat us by the fountain, which you would think would be cool. However, it was like sitting it was sprinkling the entire time. Our food got wet. We got wet. And it's loud, so you have to talk very loud. 2. Our waiter was horrible. I know it was the end of his shift, and he was probably tired, but he didn't refill our drinks once and let our food sit until it was cold to bring it to us. He also introduced himself and started talking to us during their "thunderstorm", so we didn't hear a word he said.3. It took over 30 minutes to get our food. I'm not sure where the fault lays here, but there were maybe 10 people total in the restaurant while we were there. And some already had food or were leaving. It wasn't busy. Not sure why a burger and a wrap took over 30 minutes to get to our table. 4. The food was bad. As I already state, it was cold. It did, however, come out on a very hot plate. I got a burger, which was cold and had a very hard bun. Hard like I could hardly bite through it. The fries were cold and not very good. My husband got coleslaw with his meal, which came out warm. Weird, since that was actually supposed to be cold! Nothing had flavor, even the guacamole. It all tasted like cardboard.5. The price. I paid as much for my burger as I did at Gordon Ramsay's burGR. They don't even compare. If I'm going to spend that much on a burger, it should be good, or at least warm. We ended up spending $50 on two meals with no drinks (we had water). Horrifying. Overall, there are far better places to spend your money on food in Vegas. Go ANYWHERE else.
1	Food was horrible. If it wasn't for my son this place would have never even been visited very disappointed. You pay for an elephant to move every half hr for like 30 seconds. Definitely was a one in done kind of place.
2	Service was slow and food was mediocre. We ate there because my wife wanted to eat there. The clam chowder was good, but other then that everything else was fair at best. Even the salad was just okay, very little ceaser dressing on it and the chicken was dry. I won't be going back. It is more for kids.
1	This place was a bad decision we made on the night we got here. My wife and I had been flying all day and were hungry and this was all that was open, we were seated next to a fountain that made us wet the entire time. Our waiter was garbage and took over an hour from the time we sat down until we had food.Only about 10 people were there so it wasn't busy. Should have taken it as a sign. Anyway we finally got our food and it had been sitting under heat lamps for a while as everything was dry and cold. Thanks to our garbage waiter our experience was atrocious. I understand this place is aimed at children, but if you are charging the same price as a five star restaurant you're shit better be in a row. Don't eat here go anywhere else.
5	For family entertainment spot on. Loved the thunder storms and my child's curiosity was fun to watch. Loved the macadamia tilapia.
4	this place was decent. The food was good.
1	Terrible food. An over-priced Denny's or a wannabe Cheesecake Factory. Very cheesy concept but it would be fun for young kids. Nothing healthy on the entire menu. Service was VERY slow. I would advise that you try something else while in Vegas. There's no reason to waste a trip to the Rainforest Cafe when there are so many amazing dinning options on The Strip.
4	I order Amazon Feast and a mocha freeze, lots of meet on my plate... Totally worth it for u meat eater out there. But kind of noisy for me with that animal screens and thunder every half hour!
4	Just read other reviews that were anything but good.  I will definitely say that during the last three visits my wife and I have gone to the Rainforest we were treated fantastically.  We have never waited for a table.  The staff has been very friendly and the waiters were knowledgeable of the menu and took care of our table on a regular basis.  We love this place for the atmosphere.  The rainforest decorations, animations and sound affects are one of the reasons we like going here.  We have found the food very good and served in a timely manner.  This is NOT a high end restaurant so don't expect it to be.  It is a kid friendly place.
4	Very pleased with our experience here. It was after a long day and the kids were tired. The store (with the animated animals) and the fish tank distracted them while we were in line. Once inside, all the action and noise was great for toddlers. They were occupied with pointing out animals, watching the storms, etc., that we were able to tolerate the delay in getting our food.It did take an extra long time to get our drinks and food. (Waiter told us it was the first night with upstairs open and they were getting used to it). But overall everything tasted great. I tried a Coronarita (margarita with a mini Corona in it) which was surprisingly refreshing. I enjoyed a steak and shrimp combo and the wife had a cobb salad which she was very happy with.Perfect dinner spot for any family with young kids. Just wish that we had gotten our food sooner, so we could get the kids home to bed.
1	I used to love this place when I was little because I loved the theme and how every 15 minutes, there's a fake thunderstorm, not to mention the huge waterfall. Now that I am older, I can see this place for what it really is... an overpriced theme restaurant with mediocre food and drinks. Our service was good enough but the food was so boring and the prices are too expensive. I ordered a drink, which was watered down. I cannot come back here ever.
5	Great place! I've been to a Rainforest Cafe at Downtown Disney in California, and most recently at the Rainforest Cafe at the MGM Grand in Vegas.  I went for my birthday on 12-28. The large appetizer platter was amazing! The alcoholic drinks were yummy too! The waiter was extremely attentive, and he checked on us often.  I highly recommend this restaurant both at the MGM, or any Rainforest Cafe in general.
2	Took 55 minutes to get our food (ckn sand, ckn strips and hot dog). Waitress was soooooo slow. After she finally came to pick up my credit card, it took her almost 15 minutes to bring it back to me because she was chatting with the table behind us about her personal life. I really expected more from this place. Pure disappointment.
1	Awful food, but at least it's really expensive. Turkey wrap (pre-made and refrigerated), side salad, kid plate and a root beer. Forty bucks before tip. Slow service. Animatronic animals entertained the kids for about ten minutes. Take your kids to McDonalds and then give them $20 each for the M&M store. They will be more entertained and you'll come out ahead.
3	Love the atmosphere and decor. However, the service was slow, and the food was hit or miss. We had shrimp, steak, and chicken; the shrimp was good, but the steak and chicken were dry and bland. The winning dish was the garlic mashed potatoes; they were especially delicious.
1	This place is way too loud.  Way overpriced!!!. Long wait.  Service took forever. Do yourself a favor ---- take 10 extra minutes, walk over to NY NY/Excalibur/Tropicana--Your food choices will be 35% cheaper & 100% better
4	Love the ambiance and nature scenes... the animals come to life when it rains... we actually got a little wet... The food was mediocre the service was excellent so it made up for the rest... But there were still good choices on the menu for a Veg. like me! My business partners enjoyed the drinks.  It was a great afternoon break- the- fast spot during a long convention day...  Side -bar It was very busy and the line was quite long...  They have a gift shop so you could get great stuff while you wait...
1	This place is not worth it... especially in Vegas. Overpriced bad food. Our waitress was nice... but service was sloooooooow. With all the great food options in Vegas, I don't know why people would chose to eat here. No joke, but McDonald's is more worth it. The steak and ribs I had lacked taste and were hard to eat, not tender and juicy like it should be. My friend ordered a side of shrimp that NEVER came... we asked for it... and it still didn't come and we were nearly already done with our meal so we decided to not ask for it again and just forget about getting the shrimp... our meal ended, the shrimp never came... and it was still on our bill!! When we pointed out that we were charged for an item we ordered but never came, they acted like we had lied about it!! The person we told almost scolded at us stating that we needed to tell the "manager" when she had brought us our bill... We DID plan on saying that when our bill came... but well, a "manager" brought us our bill, but dropped it off so fast and walked away that we didn't even have time to ask about it!! She literally dropped off the bill and like ran from our table! How can we address an issue when we didn't even have the chance to ask about it?! Anyways, since the "manager" who gave us our bill ran off... we decided to look at the bill carefully and to flag down the next person we could if we were charged for something that we did not order. The shrimp that never came was finally taken off our bill after several people came by to "verify" that we never got the shrimp we ordered. Terrible!! Who treats their customers like they are liars?!?Bad food, overpriced... treated like liars when we pointed out that we didn't get food we ordered... I have NO plans on coming back here, ever!!
5	Great amount of food for your money. The server named Julie was amazing and extremely friendly. We were even greeted by the manager making her round to each table.
2	The service here is horrible. We couldn't get the attention of our waiter. The calm chowder was extremely salty, they took it back to replace it, but it seems like the just added water to the bowl......regardless, it was still salty! The food wasn't that good either. It seems like the chief had a bad day, so he/she wants to make ours bad too.
4	Four stars for the ambiance, my boys (including husband) loved it. We were seated right next to the waterfall. Thunder and lights flickering happened every half hour, they loved that and were entertained throughout dinner. Our server, Rodney was nice and very attentive. Food was alright, we started with the Awesome appetizer and basically ate everything in the plate. Nothing was spared! The boys all got burgers and I heard no complaints. I got the Pastalaya, it was spicy just the way I like it.
3	Over priced...over priced...over priced. I know, I'm in Vegas, on the strip, in MGM grand. But this food is one step above Denny's. Not worth the incredible prices. This was one I wanted to try and we did. I wanted to love it but I couldn't.  Tip:Go and just order the nachos (f you have 2 people). The portion is so ginormous you will be both beyond full. Cuts down on cost!!! We shared the nachos and 2 waters paid around $15 total. Not bad.
3	So, I have not been at a Rainforest Cafe for many, many, many years.  This one was in the hotel we were staying in (MGM Grand).  There are so many food options in Las Vegas, and I was very hesitant to go here; however, the choice was not mine.  Rainforest Cafe hasn't changed in nearly 20 years since I first went.  The fake animatronic animals, rolling thunderstorms and such.  It seems to be an appropriate place for maybe Walt Disney World; however, it just wasn't really impressive to me anymore.I will state that we had a upbeat, energetic and awesome server.  However, the food again was just a-ok.
2	The only reason my husband and I had dinner here is we had been up and down the Strip, gambling and drinking since 10 AM, and the line for the Avenue Cafe was too long. We didn't wait very long, and our food was at least hot and flavorful when it came out. Husband had a pot roast, I had some type of pasta that was a bit too spicy. The tomato-basil bisque was good. Prices were ridiculous for what you got. VERY loud and yes the waterfall will get you a little wet. I'm thinking if I'd had three less margaritas we could have stood in line at the other cafe. In short, probably really great for kids, but then who brings kids to Sin City? Apparently plenty of people, as we saw the week we were there. Whatever.
1	Food was too blah for the price. The waitress tried up-selling us whenever she came to the table and ignored us for a majority of the time we were there.  I won't go back.
3	a Ladyfriend and i had tickets to see Justin Timberlake's 20/20 Experience Tour at the MGM so we decided to grab something quick to eat as well as start off the night with a few drinks before the show here.the wait to get seated was probably only 20 mins which wasn't too bad (it's Vegas, at the MGM Grand, on a JT Show night). our server was very friendly, quickly explained the different specials and popular items on the menu. she started with a mai tai and i got the mojito and as far as food goes, she got the Taste of the Islands and i ordered the Tribal Salmon. dishes were great given the price!obviously dining at the Rainforest Cafe that night wasn't a major part of our night, and i'm glad that per the convenient location inside the same hotel as the show, the relatively short wait time (we tried looking around at other places like Wolfgang Puck's or Gordon Ramsey's, but the wait there was in the 40mins - 1hour), the tasty food and drink, it was a great way to start a fun night in Vegas.*we were even able order one more drink for the road (served in a 'to go' cup) which i was pleased to find out we were allowed to bring with us into the arena past security! that much alcohol would definitely have cost us about $20 each if we were to buy it at the venue (the little 12oz cups w/ generous pours of jameson + gingerale or hennessy + sprite i ordered were about $12 each).-civilities.
4	This place was great! LOVED the atmosphere, and the food was good. We had the appetizer sampler (spinach and artichoke was delicious) and the Blue Mountain sandwich. I will definitely be coming back. Alexis, our server, was attentive and had great timing.
2	Jimmy is a terrible waiter with an ego trip and he is the reason I am writing this review while still at the table. When he arrived at the table to read the specials, apparently he took issue with our lack of rapt attention. We were looking at the menu (while also listening), and he stopped his routine to scold us, calling "attention, ATTENTION," and waiting until all eyes were on him before continuing to talk. His tone was condescending throughout our visit, even blaming us for spilling a water despite the fact that he set it on the gap between two uneven tables. I pointed out this fact to him and no effort was made to correct the problem in order to prevent further spills. Instead, when he came to take our orders, he "assigned" one of our group to collect menus for him. Not our job, dude. He scolded us again while reading back the orders - we had been correcting a mistake, but it felt like he got irritated at us for interrupting! That's the point  We were in a large group, 9 women at a bachelorette party, and it felt like he jumped to the conclusion that we were a bunch of drunk bitches that he "needed" to teach manners to. In reality, we had just left our hotel and hadn't had a drink yet. We just wanted to eat and enjoy our meal. Instead, we got Jimmy. My chicken tenders were dry and full of gristle, and the buffalo sauce was bitter and tasted nothing like buffalo sauce.
3	There's nothing really special about this location except for the fact that it's inside the MGM Grand Hotel. The restaurant itself is beautiful as usual with all the animals and the thunderstorm and fish tanks, but the food is always mediocre.Our server that night was very funny, kinda pushy on the appetizers and booze but I think that's all eateries. We ate here with our 4yo and she loved it. Definitely not worth the price but we did it for the experience for her, being her first time in Vegas and wanting to do kid friendly things. Can't see us coming back, but nice to try if you're there and don't have a rain forest cafe in your town
1	Service was very good, food fine for what it is... Tourist stop in a casino. But really why? We knew it was a poor choice - but only thing open at 10 am without a line. Prices ridiculous for quality. Skip eating n just buy a T-Shirit. You'll thank us
1	Wonder why they keep the lights low in this establishment? It's because they're serving you rotten food.I had THE most horrible experience at this restaurant, so bad in fact that I will never visit another Rainforest Cafe at any location again in my lifetime. Our party had 4 people in it and we wanted to grab something to eat before watching Love. I ordered a Portobello Mushroom Burger (only maybe 2 vegetarian options on the menu). Our server was nice but the service was extremely slow.Finally we got our food. My burger was lukewarm and my fries cold. It was bland, dry, distasteful,  and even the presentation was horrible. About 1/3 of the way into my burger I felt as if the taste was off. I opened the bun to find that the shredded lettuce they put on my burger was wilted, brown, and rotting. Disgusting! I lost my appetite immediately. I waited and waited and waited for our server to finally come over to check on us. Upon mentioning to him that I was disappointed and dissatisfied with my order he offered to get the manager of the restaurant. I accepted. Another waiting game. Our server returned and told us that "the manager is too busy" to come to our table. Mind you the restaurant wasn't even 1/4 full given that we came during the off season. At this point we wanted to just leave. I asked if I could get the price of my meal deducted from the tab and he walked off to get our bill. 5 minutes later the manager comes to our table.She asked what the problem was, I told her, and  her reply was "our lettuce isn't rotten, the cook checked it, the lettuce wilts when it comes into contact with heat" which is true but it does not cause the lettuce to brown. Browning means that is is old and rotting. I explained this to her and she looked dead at me and said (with a horrible snide attitude) "You didn't realize the lettuce was rotten after already eating half of it?" Never in my life have I had a manager of an establishment sass me while I point out their product is below mediocre. She deducted half of the price of the burger after giving everyone at our table a horrible attitude and experience. No one in my party ever wants to visit another Rainforest Cafe based on the experience the manager gave us. If you want amazing food, excellent service for a decent price go to Gordon Ramsey's BurGR in Planet Hollywood. The difference, literally, is night and day.
2	The most disappointing rainforest I have been to. Service was ok. Food was awful. My meat was stiff. The chicke. We ordered tasted frozen.
5	Today's lunch was brought to you by Rainforest Cafe.There was a bit of a wait when we got there - as there was only one person seating people. But the person (or tour guide) seating people, Patty, was very nice and informs you of everything that goes on and everything around you as she walks you to your table.Our server, Joey, came to our table almost immediately. We had a coupon for a free appetizer with the purchase of an entree. There were four appetizers to choose from, and we decided on the mozzarella sticks. Yum! We ordered (and split) a chicken sandwich as our entree, and I got a strawberry lemonade. The food was surprisingly really good, as I read all the bad reviews during our meal. The service was excellent! Joey was fantastic and friendly, and I would completely recommend him. Overall, it was a great experience!P.S. The ceiling is SOOO beautiful!
4	Thoroughly enjoyed our lunch here. We were looking for somewhere to eat after riding the New York New York Roller-coaster and stumbled upon it. The food was good, service was great and the time between ordering and food arrival was very short. All in all a very pleasant and enjoyable visit.
3	Pretty long wait, but its expected because its Vegas. The Turkey Wrap was good, I think the appetizers were a little greasy (chicken strips, artichoke dip, and egg rolls) and a little pricey. Service was good and the kids love the whole Rain Forest show.
5	Just the look of amazement on my sons face said it all! Great atmosphere but a little pricey for ok food. We will come back anyway.
5	this happened to be our 1st wedding anniv dinner so i wanted it to go perfectly! i've already been to this restaurant a few times in FL and MA so i knew what to expect in going here, but it was my husband's first time and quite honestly, i was soooo worried about what he would think of it. for anyone that doesn't know, it's basically a rainforest setting w/ jungley vines and whatnot all over, fish tanks, a waterfall, many animals (fake) that move and make noise non-stop lol, and thunder/lightning effects throughout ur time there, and plenty more. so it's pretty loud, etc there but it's good food and a fun environment if u ask me.. also, while we were waiting for our food, he actually went around the restaurant doing vid of the whole environment including the moving animals lol.. i thought that was a cute move by him.. so we used the coupon i  got from the television city @ MGM which included priority seating so we weren't waiting long at all & a free chef's appetizer of the day (we got the quesadillas), they were so good, and apparently they do it w/ pita bread... yum! thankfully they weren't consistently cheesy (i  can't eat cheese) so i was able to eat some of the quesadillas too and they were very delish! i got the steak w/ double mash and he got a whole rack of ribs w/ fries underneath lol.. he sooo didn't finish his food lol but oh well.. i wanted to get a dessert, but we were too full lol.. excellent and friendly service tho, the waitress was really busy and whatnot, but she stayed attentive to us throughout our time there and she was very deserving of the tip we gave her.. there's also a gift shop for merchandise at rainforest cafe, all the locations are the same decor and gift shop wise far as i'm concerned so def check it out.. just know u won't be able to whisper lol..  personally, i think it would be great if they gave a portion of their profits to a rainforest cause/charity.. it's only fitting right?
1	Do not waste your time going here.The atmosphere seems cool, but since half of it is open to the hotel, you hardly see any of the "jungle."The Hazelnut Salmon that I had was completely tasteless and it cost more than any other meal I ate in Vegas.The wait to get in was almost 2 hours and the server took over an hour to bring out the food. I was very disappointed and mad that I wasted my time eating here when there are so many other great places to eat for a much cheaper price tag.
1	We had a party of 5 in our group. We wanted to treat ourselves to a good meal and didn't mind spending extra money. The fish & chips we not cooked properly. Yuck! The burger was ordered well done and it was not cooked in the middle and was very bloody. The pot roast was tasteless. I spoke to the manager and it turns out the pot roast isn't cooked there. It comes frozen. Yuck a $20 frozen dinner.  I will never eat at another Rainforest Cafe.
1	Service is awful and management is even worse. this place is not worth the price point. A complete tourist trap. I've lived in Las Vegas for 8 years and have never received such appalling service. That is probably why I have never eaten at Rainforest before. I should have stuck with my intuition. On a Friday night around closing time with a small rush from the club next door my friends and I ordered a few drinks and an appetizer. The drinks came slowly as the bartenders were more focused on closing the bar and the appetizer almost never came. We waited 45 minutes for an appetizer and if we hadn't made three unsuccessful attempts to alert management before finally getting their attention a fourth time then we probably would have never received it. Management was not only unresponsive but upon contact with management (Erika) they seemed to have lack of concern and offered absolutely no resolution. This is just food and beverage. Making me happy is as simple as showing some sympathy and throwing me a concession for my time and satisfaction for which you have frivolously wasted. The lifetime value of this customer was never valuable to the management of this place.
1	I ate. I payed good tip. And I throwed up in the evening and ruined my whole vegas plan.
1	The waitress was prompt with  getting our order and really nice.  However the food took 45 minutes and people that got seated after us were done eating before our food arrived.  The  manager Ericka apologized and gave us 4 dollars off our order. After telling her that is more of an insult than paying full price for waiting a half hour she managed to give us 8 dollars off.  So two starving people waiting about a  half hour extra saved a grand total of 8 dollars.  Pretty much minimum wage. Never eating there again!
2	We stopped by for lunch. After a twenty minute wait we were seated and that's when I noticed the smell. It was a musty smell that was horrible. I had not eaten the whole.day day however so decided to bear with it. Service was good, food was ok but overpriced. The decor is nice, especially for families with kids. I would not, however, eat here again as I feel there are far better choices nearby.
4	I have to say, I have no idea what the others are talking about. I agree with Hannah, there are a few flaws but I still believe this restaurant is really nice. I ordered the Volcanic Cobb Salad, and I was just shocked by the size. On the right and left sides of the bowl it was sliced egg, and the salad had a very nice balsamic vinaigrette. My mom had clam chowder (delicious), and my aunt ordered an appetizer for all of us, which had chicken, something with beans which I believe was an egg roll, spinach dip, guacamole, BBQ sauce, ranch, and marinara sauce. The only problem was the food had a bit of a wait. Overall, great restaurant. My family and I had a wild experience!
5	I personally think this Rainforest Cafe is better than the one located in downtown Disney. It is a little busier, same set up but the portions are much larger than Anaheims in my opinion.
1	We went in with a party of  four adult, 3 kids and 1 baby on 6/4/14. First of all the party was not helped right away, there was no wait as it was 9 PM. We had to ask for a high hair four times, and it finally arrived. We also had to wait for crackers which never arrived. The server was ok' but the other help was not there. The kids food came out at different times. The adult food was not cooked all the way through on the burger. The birthday cupcake was dried out and crunchy. We paid 93.54 for our meal not including tip. It was awful. We had to wait for boxes, refills and napkins after a spill. The staff was so into their conversations and cleaning that  the few tables in the establishment were ignored. The pest part is the guests on the receipt list four, hum? Time of close out was 10:39 and the ticket number is 30035.
1	Overpriced, under seasoned and horrible service.  My kids enjoyed the scenery, but that's about it.  I will never go back, I refuse to pay $15 for a wrap unless freaking Bobby Flay made the wrap.   My mom didn't like her pot roast because it was fatty, the manager saw she didn't eat it and took it away promptly.  Our server did not come by once to see how our meal was, which is why he charges me for her $21 pot roast.  Um no buddy try again.  He took it off 15 minutes later I get my bill.  I pay and quickly leave because it was horrible.  This is your place if you're into gross expensive food and cheap animatronics of jungle animals.  I'll pass.
4	For being a very commercial themed restaurant, this place was actually pretty awesome. We met up with a family friend here for lunch during our time in Vegas. The atmosphere was cool- definitely a crowd pleaser for families with kids. The service and food was excellent! Very attentive and friendly servers, good strong drinks and fresh, quality food for the price. Our server even brought us a complimentary cupcake after learning we were on our honeymoon. Great place to grab some lunch and see the "rainforest" hype.
2	The food was okay. Nothing that I would pay $20 for. But I didn't like the atmosphere. I was really bothered by the aquariums. It looked over crowded with fish. I hope someone is taking care of them because they looked really stressed.
1	Don't come here sober, the waiting time for your food to come to your table is God awful. Too expensive for mediocre food inside the mgm grand. Mai tais are weak. Save your time and money and go to the coffee shop.
1	Went there 2 days ago with a large party.sitting between myself and a friend on the back of the seat was very large 2 inch well feed cockroach .after removing the bug the waitress said "what do expect you are in a jungle".we were not impressed , our meals came , the food was OK ,there was an insincere   apology and we had to fight for a comp.the manager eventually removed 10%.....the waiter Byron who served the 8 children was awesome and the children had a lot of fun.As for the bug"What do you expect for eating in a jungle"
5	Just had a beautiful dinner! I enjoyed their BBQ Wrap with beef and French fries which was very delicious and filling, paired with a juicy sweet Mongoose Mai Tai.  Our server was Brendan who was incredibly friendly, attentive to our needs, and very helpful, always with a genuine smile on his face. The environment is very wild and fun, noisy with loud lightning and wildlife sound effects as well as animatronic gorillas and waterfalls.  My favorite part of the decor was the giant mushroom that housed the bar in the middle of the restaurant with the animal barstools and bubble walls.For my first visit to a Rainforest Cafe this was a delightful adventure!
3	Decided to come here for breakfast. We have always liked the eggs benedict and mimosas.   We had to wait a bit before being seated and the staff seemed cold and short when greeted and seated. Our waitress seemed to warm up and became more friendly when she caught me checking into yelp.  My wife and I both ordered the eggs benedict and a mimosa as usual. The food came out quickly and was hot.  The potatoes that came with the eggs benedict were amazing. However we ordered two mimosas and only one was brought out. My wife also ordered an ice tea and I ordered a tomato juice. We had to ask for straws and my tomato juice had ice in it. I hate that. It waters it down and it tastes like crap. Any good restaurant knows to serve chilled tomato juice in a chilled glass. No ice!   At check out they screwed up the billing and I had to talk to the manager to get it squared away.  Overall we had a good time and my wife loves the atmosphere. They have a simulated thunderstorm every 30 mins and some pretty cool aquariums.
1	Don't eat here if you want good food.  I thought it was expensive for what you get and its too noisy and dark.  Do not ask to sit by the waterfall because you wouldn't be able to hear the person across from you.  Then there was thunder every 10 minutes, it got pretty annoying.  And its dark inside.  What a waste of money.
5	If you get nothing else here, get the Volcano! Service is slow but everything is DELICIOUS.
2	We come here for the kids ONLY.  It's a nice looking family themed place with the utmost lower echelon restaurant cuisine.  I mean it's really bad.  Especially for the price.  So overpriced.  Haha, it's like you wish you could have Deny's deliver to your table rather than order here.  I generally don't like leaving food on the plate and not even pretending that I liked it to the wait staff when they ask if I want a to-go box.  "NOPE." It can stay here.  The appetizers are over fried and generally less quality than Applebees.  The veggie burger is chewy.  The steaks have that freezer flavor.  No matter once a year we always seem to wan't to bring the kids just to see the rain forest atmosphere and animatronic safari animals.  Robo gorillas, elephants and lions & tigers seem to have a robo-battle every 15 minutes or so and then it drip drop rains!  That's the cool part.  Maybe next time we will be smart and just have appetizers.
3	Breakfast was good but the potatoes were over cooked.  The eggs and sausage were good.  The atmosphere is fun. Service was very good.
3	Came here last Saturday night around 10pm. * our food was mediocre:  Guacamole burger. Paella plate.  Kids pizza. Desserts. *The atmosphere was cool.But the best thing about the whole experience was our crazy server, Andy. I'm not gonna explain too much... But....yeah.... He's nuts... In a good way. He made our dinner fun.
1	Don't come here. We came here for my kid's bday. The aquarium at the entrance is absolutely amazing. Thinking it was a good start, eh?The food was average. Nothing special. The restaurant looked old. The mechanical animals looked old and outdated. Needs upgrade.Then the bill came in. We were automatically charged like 40% tip. Really WTF. Our bill was only supposed to be like $250, but our card was charged like $340 for tip. WTHThis tactic is low. And I doubt the tip is actually gonna go to our server.Ridiculously expensive restaurant for ordinary food. Their attraction is outdated, the only good thing about this is, amazing aquariums. That's it.This is a horrible, dark, gloomy place.  I WOULD NOT GO BACK HERE AGAIN.
2	I have eaten here before, numerous times. But it's been several years. Last weekend we decided to give it a try. While I love the atmosphere, I was highly disappointed in the food. Way smaller portions and way more expensive than I remember. We also got duped into buying the glasses our cocktails came in. The menu says you can pay like an extra three or four dollars per cocktail to keep the glass, or you can choose not to. We said we didn't want the glasses, but when our bill came we realized they'd charged us for them anyway. Our waiter made up a lame story about the price that we knew was a fib because we read the menu (which he'd conveniently removed from the table). Finally, rather than arguing over a few dollars, we took the glasses and left. It was $120 plus tip for just my husband and me to eat there (and we are not large people).
1	I truly loathe giving bad reviews but this place is really disappointing. The 1 star is for the staff, who were all nice and fine, but they all seemed pretty mechanical. I've often wondered how breakfast can be effed up but now I know. We were practically forced to eat here since we didn't want the buffet or to wait in the other breakfast cafe line for an eternity. Ordered omelets - mine with bacon, spinach and cheddar (which is lame that it's the only cheese offered for an omelet). It couldn't have been drier or more tasteless. There might have been about 1/2 oz of cheese, maybe one entire piece of bacon chopped up and a few leaves of spinach. The only way I choked it down was with Tabasco and because I am pregnant and hungry! My BF got a ham/sausage/cheddar omelet which was slightly more tasty, but if you read the above, you know that's not saying much. Waste of money and calories. Had a WAY better (truly delicious) and cheaper breakfast the next day at the Delights cafe in the MGM Signature Tower 2. Go there instead.
1	HORRIBLE.  Don't be an idiot like me and ignore the bad reviews because your kids want to go here.  We were told 25 minute wait. Took an hour and a half and then they asked if we would sit at the bar, even though half the tables in the restaurant were empty.  Food was cold when it finally came.  Servers were polite and apologetic, not their fault.  Terribly managed restaurant.  Avoid at all costs.  Only bad place during our four-day stay in Vegas.  McDonalds blows this place away. DO NOT EAT HERE.Update:  Someone from Rainforest corporate messaged me two days ago and asked for my phone number , said they wanted to talk to me.  I replied right away with my number.     They never called me.   Double fail.
1	It was awful and overpriced. My husband is still feeling sick from the mostly fat mojo ribs. The Rasta pasta was bland and mushy Even my 6 year old who would eat any sweet dish or creamy pasta dish found it disgusting. We paid $80 for 2 entrees and 2 beers. Don't waste your money or time.  You can get better food at Denny's.
3	I've had worse meals.  The food is average and expensive.  You pay for the experience!  Took my grandson and he liked it.  I would kinda compare the food to a Red Robin.... Only more expensive.  Fun Atmosphere!  If you have sensitive ears this is not the place for you!
4	I've been here twice because I stayed at the MGM, it was convenient. The rainforest comes to life every 20 minutes or so, thunder and lightning and the animals do their thing!! There's a huge waterfall towards the back, kinda loud tho- u may get wet if u sit near! But the fish tank towards the entrance is even bigger than the waterfall - and the fish are beautiful and colorful !!! The first experience eating there kinda sucked because of the slow service - but then again, I came on Memorial Day Weekend. Recently, I came to Vegas during the week and I must say the service was perfect! I ordered their eggs Benedict and their freshly blended fruit smoothie- forgive me , I completely forget their names on the menu. They were delicious and I'll definitely be coming back, only during the week tho!
4	Made a recommended reservation. Good thing because there was a long wait at 9 on a fri night. Got seated fairly quickly. Took our 6 month old with us. He loved it!! Lots for him to look at and the thunder showers every 20 minutes was cool for him! I got the crab cakes which were good. Came with red garlic mashed and mixed veggies, both of those were just ok. Hubby got a steak that he said was good and cooked to his liking. He seconds my opinion about the sides. Got a Mai tai in a souvenir glass for $16 and $6 refills. Gave me a brand new one in a box.  when we left. Which was nice.  Overall it was good bill was $100 though for just us two!!
4	Went to The Rainforest Cafe on our last night of "girls weekend" . The food was amazing! Our server, Melissa was so sweet. She never rushed us, she suggested some really yummy drinks, and even got our little jokes! The manager came by to apologize for our refills taking so long, but we hadn't even noticed that it was taking too long. She was also real nice and stayed to chat for a while. The only reason this only gets 4 starts and not 5 is due to the rudeness of the girl working in the gift shop. The restaurant had run out of bags and suggested we ask the gift shop for one because we had 3 boxes off leftovers to take with us. When I approached the counter, the girl refused to look up and acknowledge me standing there. Finally I said, "excuse me" and asked if she had a bag showing her all my boxes. To which she snapped, "our bags are for customers" . I again indicated to the boxes. Her rude response was "people who buy things in the store". I then asked if the $100 plus dollars I spent at the restaurant didn't quality me for a bag. To which she said no again. Wow! Were the bags made from gold! ? I asked her name and she just pointed to her name tag and rudely went back to doing the same nothing she was doing when I in. I walked the ten feet to the stage deli Where they were more than happy to get me a bag and did it with a smile!
2	I went here with my daughter, her 4 year old twins, and a friend visiting from AZ with her 5 year old. I've been here before and had a great experience, but apparently things have changed. The cashier in the gift shop was rude and treated us like we were interrupting her. I ended up not buying anything because of her Crappy attitude. There was only a short wait for a table which was a surprise because the other times I've been here (more than 3 years ago) the line was always very long. Once seated though, we had a bit of a wait before we were able to place our order (15 minutes or so, which is a long time with kids that age). Finally placed our order, which was basic stuff, 3 kids meals, a couple of burgers and a soup in a bread bowl.  We did receive our drinks right away, but waited over 1 hour for our food. I would have asked our waitress to check on our order sooner, but We didn't even see her again until then. Once I was able to ask where our food was she scurried back to the kitchen and immediately brought everything out. It had all obviously been sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time, but because the kids were anxious to eat we didn't complain.  The adult food was quite good in spite of having been left sitting for so long, but the kids meals were very disappointing. One plate had 4 French fries on it, another had a giant mound of fries, and the other was somewhere in between. The grilled cheese was 2 super thick slices of bread with one thin little slice of cheese, and the chicken nuggets were just heated up frozen dinosaur nuggets. For $10 a plate it seems like they could have made their own chicken nuggets and threw on another slice of cheese. I don't know what our friend paid for her soup and 1 kids meal, but the bill for me, my daughter and 2 grand kids came to $68 dollars, which was for 2 kids meals, 2 burger meals, 1 soda, 1 iced tea and 2 waters for the kids.  To be fair, my burger was very good, but really, almost $70 for that? Based on this experience we won't be going back. To put us thru the torture of sitting at a table with 3 kids that age for over an hour waiting for sub standard food, and to charge such a ridiculous amount of money for it is inexcusable.
3	Pretty expensive breakfast for what you get. atmosphere was cool. Breakfast potatoes and toast were cold so they were probably sitting out for a bit. Service was good.
1	Should have checked yelp first. This place is definitely a tourist trap.Very limited menu and the food they do serve is sub par. The manager was nice and took my breakfast off our bill. It was absolutely terrible. The best part was the sourdough toast.
5	My friend and I had a coupon and it was to buy one entree and get a free appetizer. So we just bought an entree :)We ordered the blue mountain chicken burger with garlic mashed potatoes $16.99 and the spinach and artichoke dip came free.Since it was just the two of us ladies we had a good fill for the food.Spinich and artichoke dip was great, felt like there was a very good balance of chip to dip ratio.The chicken burger was very flavorful that if you eat that first it makes your mashed potatoes seem bland and not as garlicy haha. Still the food was satisfying and of course the decor was enjoyable especially during the 'rainy' parts.For what we paid I think the food was great and went above expectations. Yes I eat out at $$$$ restaurants, but I pay for that kind of food. For food that is average pricing, I was expecting average, but thankfully it was above that.
4	I wanted to update my review for one reason, most of the reviews that are negative do so because of price. I want to clarify that if you are looking for a place where the food is just as valuable as the price don't come here. It is expensive. On the other hand, if you are looking for a place to take kids for special occasions and don't mind spending a little extra for the fun and atmosphere, then this is your place.
3	Food was decent but pricey, the restaurant itself was pretty awesome. I don't remember the exact entree I got but I do remember it being pretty good. Nice place to check out at least once.
5	This is a FUN, over-the-top, LOUD, chain restaurant. You have to expect to pay too much for your food when you are eating on the strip and paying for the ambiance. It's a great place to bring kids or large parties. There is a thunder storm inside the restaurant every 30 minutes. The animals move and make noises when you least expect it. There are many large fish tanks with lots of cool fish. Overall, it's your traditional "American" food items that are predictable and taste good. But that's not why you would choose to eat here. It's an "experience" that is worth trying out. Even if you decide to pass on eating here, the gift shop outside of it was so fun for my little boy, we all ended up getting something.
2	Reduced menu as compared to other Rain Forest Cafes. Also more expensive. Long waits and cold food. Id pass on this one.
1	30 minutes to sit down, and over an hour to even get food! I had to ask several times to get a side of Ranch or a refill on my drink. It was over priced, and the food just wasn't worth it. I had fish and chips. The fries were cold, and the fish was rubbery! There was also only a single piece of fish. However it made me feel very ill after. Save your money. It was gross overpriced food. The service was terrible.
3	Best salmon ever!  Burger just average. Wait tome excessive though at over 40 minutes from seating to service and the place is 25% full at best at noon. Ordered rice side with burger but got fries. Close but no cigar here.
5	I love that aquarium (themed)  they have at the entrance. Came to celebrate one of my really good friend Anthony's birthday brunch. To start off our server was very polite. I ordered the spinach and artichoke dip with chips (food coma) (hands down) I really recommend for you to try it when you visit the rainforest Cafe. For my main entree I Had the avocado burger.! Yummy! I asked for a medium well & that's exactly what I got! A juicy burger. It also comes with steak fries. Pretty effin good if you ask me. Ah forgetting the best part! (Uh-oh) to drink I had the mango mojito super delish! I ended up drinking 3 ;)
2	A bit much for adults, but great for the young ones.  Lots of animated animals and large fish tanks.  Food is amusement park fare to match the ambiance.  A bit pricey if you don't appreciate the showmanship of the place.  Fine for families but not for a date in my view.  Service was very slow.
1	Just ate here last night. When we got to the place it took about 10-15 min to get seated. Once seated the waiter rushed through the specials.  When we ordered the food took over 20 min to be brought to us. I ordered the Cobb salad and that shit ruined my vacation! I got food poisoning!!!! Vomit and diarrhea at 2am!! I would never go back and most definitely wouldn't recommend this place unless u want to hurl a $19.00 salad at 2am.
1	Service was shit. The Rainforest Cafe seems to have a vendetta against hungry people, we waited over 40 minutes for food. I watched a family get their meals, finish them, and eat dessert all before we got our food. In addition, the mojito did not have any alcohol in it. Our waitress tried to claim it was "light rum"...what!? The one in California is much much better. I wouldn't recommend this place. The food also tasted like microwaved frozen dinners and I had a turkey club. DO NOT GO HERE!
4	Wonderful place for kids and adults. Love the food, love the experience.
5	It was my first time at a Rainforest Cafe, so even as an adult, I was thrilled by the atmosphere and novelty of the place. The food and booze were delicious, and the service was fantastic. It was very busy, but our food was still out to us in a reasonable amount of time. Probably not the place to go if you're looking for somewhere quiet, but that wasn't an issue for us. A little pricier than the average restaurant, but I felt it was worth it. I would definitely go back.
2	Okay I get it... This is a really fun place for kids, that's why we came here. But the prices they charge you do not match the quality of the food at all. If you're fine overpaying for substandard food to make your kids happy eating at a cool place, then you'll be happy here. Simulated thunder showers are every 30 minutes and the aquariums are a nice touch. Make sure you've packed some Immodium.
3	Good drinks, went for breakfast.  I think the oil the use is from Jiffy Lube.  We sent the potatoes back they just said.  Sorry we will talk to the cook.  I say pass on this place.
4	The Rainforest Cafe was a fun dining experiencing.  It's set up like a rain forest and even has thunder and lighting.  There is an aquarium and many animated animals.  We were expecting a cafe sized meal, but they are actually more like a restaurant.  We went there since we had a coupon for a free appetizer and used it on some quesadillas.  They were delicious and were a pretty large portion.  We should have ordered just that and one entree to share.  Instead, my boyfriend and I had two separate entrees and didn't finish either.  He got a pasta dish and I got a shrimp salad.  The salad was yummy with mangoes and strawberries.  It still remained yummy hours later (which was pretty impressive), except for the fact that a lot of the juice dripped out and got all over the box and bag.They have a store right next to the cafe filled with lots of colorful souvenirs and furry animals.  I bought a cute little monkey hand puppet because it was too adorable.
3	If you've never been to one of Rainforest Cafe's chain restaurants, then you will be in for a very unique experience!  This is a very themed restaurant, complete with indoor waterfalls, large animal displays, and a thunderstorm every 30 minutes.  It is great for families with children, but other than that, your money would be better spent elsewhere in MGM Grand or on the Strip.The food was mediocre.  For the appetizer, we had the mozzarella sticks, which were not thoroughly cooked.  Not much on the menu sounded appealing, so I got a bacon burger with mushrooms, while my friends got an avocado burger and the rasta pasta.  We all agreed that its as nothing special, especially for the price.  For dessert we had the Sparkling Volcano!  It was a really fun dish, but you definitely need at least 3 people actively eating this dessert to finish it!I would like to commend the service at Rainforest Cafe!  Our server, Holly, was EXTREMELY attentive, understanding, and friendly.  She cracked jokes with us and we loved her!  She also made excellent recommendations throughout the meal to ensure we had an enjoyable time.
1	If you like to go through an entire meal without utensils, have your personal space invaded by your server, and be pressured into ordering dessert, rainforest cafe in the mgm grand might be for you. We weren't expecting much from this place but the service we received was horrendous. The trouble began when our server Mike sat down at the table with us to take our order. He got a little close and periodically kept touching my friend during our visit. We both ordered appetizers for our meal: the quesadillas and spinach and artichoke dip which were subpar. We were never given forks or knives and had to ask for napkins that we finally ended up receiving after him telling us he was "a dick for forgetting napkins and straws", keep in mind there are children around. This didn't stop him from commenting on how his "ass" was in our faces when he was taking the couple next to our's order.Mike loved playing the blame game. I ordered a refill of my drink and when he forgot about it he blamed the bartenders and said that he wasn't sure if there was vodka in it. When the table next to our's food arrived 35 minutes later he told them that the rainforest cafe gets their kitchen staff from McDonald's - which is both insulting to his fellow employees and the intelligence of the customers. Before we started eating we knew we wanted to share the coveted sparkling volcano dessert. Not having mentioned this we were a little surprised when Mike aggressively said "here's a subliminal message" and slammed the sign for the dessert on our table. We ended up ordering it and of course once it arrived it was pretty bad. Mike seemed very frazzled the entire time even though his section didn't appear very busy. I strongly suggest that this establishment do some drug testing on their employees.
1	A terrible experience!!!We waited 30 minutes to be seated- no problem, they were busy.We waited 45 minutes (with 2 small children) for our food- unacceptable!Our burger came out cold...not room temperature, cold- unacceptable!When we asked to have the burger removed from our bill since it was inedible, the manager said she was sorry, but these things happen- unacceptable! (She did remove the charge.)The prices were outrageous! $10 for a chicken nugget kid's meal? $16 for a basic burger?- unacceptable!The highchair doesn't pull up to the table because of a poor design- stupid! How can you expect a little one to eat without making a terrible mess if she can barely reach her food?!?Bottom line, the atmosphere was awesome for little ones, but it isn't amazing enough to make up for everything else. Go somewhere else!
3	The food was good! We usually make it a must stop for breakfast every time we come to Vegas. We did wait a while for our meal, but definitely worth it.
3	We have been coming to this location every time we are in Vegas. This year I have to say I have no desire to be back the food is crap for the prices they charge. Ordered a steak: it was so stiff you had to chew it a long time it was hard to eat it. Any steak that comes with butter on top you know it will be bad. My husband ordered chicken with mashed potatoes & broccoli: the chicken was covered in cheese, broccoli was covered with cheese also. Mashed potatoes & fries & the ribs were Delicious.Almost $100 for 2 lunch plates & 2 drinks.
3	Located inside of the MGM Casino. Theme is cool if you've never been before with fake thunderstorms and animals talking every half hour or so. Came for lunch on a Monday so it wasn't busy at all. Decent food for it being a chain restaurant. Service was also good. Kid friendly.
