1	Terrible shop! What a complete waste of time!I got a flyer in the mail about their new Flamingo location, and as I was needing an oil change I figured I'd check them out. Mistake! I was the only car anywhere in "line" yet it took almost 5 minutes before one of the three "mechanics" put out his cigarette and came over to my car (all three guys were less than 20 feet away, eating and smoking and looking at me the entire wait). When he did finally saunter over, I told him I had the flyer for a $9.95 Oil Change (to celebrate their Grand Opening). He told me to pop my hood and then proceeded to tell me my car takes "special oil" and it would cost $29.99 to get an oil change. I've been getting oil changes on this vehicle for 80k miles now, so I'm pretty sure if it needed "special oil" I would have figured that out by now! These people were inconsiderate liars. Save your money and go someplace else!
1	Found coupons in an insert. Thought it was a pretty good deal. Walked in and was asked to take a seat right away, was not greeted. Sat for about 10 min or so while the gentleman talked on the phone. Informed the man we needed and oil change and smog, he then said S**t and walked out of the waiting area. He finally wrote us up and took our keys. After about another 10 min, someone elves walked in the waiting area and said the smog tech was off and he couldn't service us, wouldn't even perform the oil change. Never going back. Oh the also have a sign that says to take your valuables out of the car before service and they are not liable if anything is stolen.
1	Horrible!  Some jackass who wasn't even in a uniform was rude and dismissive , and the owner had a negative and unapologetic attitude. I called for a smog test and told them I had to leave work early, and was told it would be no problem.  When I arrived, I am told the only smog tech is doing a "drive around" and he would be gone for the day. I called another location to ask for the owner, and was transferred to him.The owner said that a "drive around" could take all day, and that the smog tech could potentially be busy for the following day.No explanation or apology provided as to why service had been promised but could not be provided for today, or for any other day in the foreseeable future.
