4	YEA! No longer have to trek to the Rue Saint-Marc chain four metro stops away! My dose of Polish pastry taste boost is available just a few blocks over through this immaculate chain. WOW! Super friendly, prompt service! I get a greeting from the baker the moment I enter, even though he was occupied with another. I could sense that this guy really cares about making his customers 100% satisfied. That alone makes me want to come back here. The woman at the counter was just as full to the brim with positivity and helpfulness. She was able to recommend me, without hesitation, five pastries that could vary between average good to absolutely heavenly depending on how much I enjoy certain fruits, chocolate, and almonds. I took the apricot ponki and the almond chausson. Oh, and as it was a humid day and I was feeling like the ice cream in my fridge just wouldn't do, I ordered a mango ice-cream to wet my palate before digging into these Polish goodies. Mango ice cream, exactly what I expected and wanted. It was cold enough on this 27 degree day, but not too cold to give me a brain freeze. An adequate amount of icing sugar was on the ponki to give it an enhanced appetizing look. I'm no expert in Polish pastries, but the apricot filling wasn't my cup of tea but it was, no doubt, refreshing to try a new Polish pastry. The almond chausson also came with icing sugar. This pastry was more flavourful. Not a bad choice at all. I realized that the pastries here are as cheap as those Chinese buns you get in Chinatown or in Harmonie, but the Polish ones are a much better investment. That's it. My trips to Chinese bakeries are discontinued. I'm coming to Wawel every time I want a combination of personalized service, pastries, and an exploration into the deeper realms of fine Polish baking.
3	Came here for my lunch break because it was close by and new! Decided to get perogies to go and eat at the office. When I got to my desk and opened it it looked delicious, charred onions, little bits of pork, perogies, sour cream and saurkraut. Yum. But, when I took a bite of the saurkraut it tasted rancid. Like sickeningly rancid. Perogies were ok, was not convinced on the cheese. But the saurkraut just ruined the meals for me. And I know, one can argue that it was saurkraut and tastes funny, but I can tell the difference between saurkraut and rancid food and this was it. Other then that it was fine, price was right. Wish they would improve the cheese in the perogie and get better saurkraut, or just not sell saurkraut at all.
5	I am not quite sure how Polish this place is but the breads are excellent and so is the pastry, they do have a girl who speaks excellent German and is very friendly.
4	We were looking for a French boulangerie which were everywhere except where the parking spaces were so, due to the parking difficulties and our growing hunger, stopped here for an afternoon snack. I am glad we did.When we entered we saw an impressive assortment of baked goods; mostly sweets. But first I wanted something hot. I asked if they had something hot - like knishes or perogies (I knew it was eastern european  but at the time didn't know it was Polish). No to knishes, yes to perogies. So we ordered a plate of perogies to share and a coffee for me and cappuccino for her. We sat at one of the tables near the front window (only a couple tables in this mostly take-out place) and it was soon brought over. Also a small chocolate with our coffees.The perogies (cheese and potato I think) were just what I was looking for. Served piping hot with sauteed onions and little crispy bacon bits. More than a bit oily but very tasty. The small chocolate, served free with the coffee, was another matter. It was definitely stale, and we didn't eat them. Surprising and very likely not typical.Coffee and cappuccino were both decent.We also ordered Ponkis, which are like a Polish form of donut - but without the hole. Also, way lighter than an American donut and less sweet. Mine was prune-filled and hers was apricot and dusted with a blizzard of powdered sugar. Think Dunkin Donuts jelly-filled but 43 times better. After trying these, you'll never want to eat a Dunkin Donut again I promise.All the baked goods looked amazing and I would have loved to try them. Layered pastries with apple, apricot, poppyseed, etc., rum cakes, streudels; could have come here every day for a month and tried something new each time. But I didn't think they would survive the journey back to the hotel and be in decent shape next morning so we passed. But we did order another plate of perogies and more ponkis which did make a nice breakfast the next morning.The counter-person was very helpful. Her English was very good and patiently and completely answered our many questions. And when it came time to order the perogies for take-out she advised that it would be cheaper to just buy the bag rather than the take-out order but we explained were were staying in a hotel with only a microwave so of course that made sense. But it was nice for her to suggest it.
