5	While visiting my family in Scottsdale, I came across this new salon. The decor was beautiful and the place looked clean. I was offered something to drink, my hair got shampooed and I was in and out in a short time. The stylist took her time with me and my hair style looked great. I chose the Ibiza which had curls at the bottom. I got so many compliments. Will definitely go back next time I visit!
5	I went in yesterday to check out Vanity Blowout Bar since I noticed it recently opened nearby and I had a holiday party to attend.  I have been to many of the other local businesses with this type of concept and this was truly unique.  The decor and ambiance is very warm and inviting and you could tell the stylists were taking their time with each individual vs. some of the "factory" type feels you can get.  My stylist listened to what I wanted and did a great job with my "loose curls".  I was truly 100% pleased with the final look and will definitely be going back there very soon!
5	I came here to get my hair done before going out for my birthday, and I had a great experience! The salon was fairly busy, and so there was a bit of a wait, but the owner and staff were very nice about it and engaging. They even had mini cupcakes and fruit to snack on while waiting :). The salon itself offers a modern decor that is clean but has enough personality to offer some style as well. The owner informed me that the salon is still in soft-opening phases, and that the grand opening will be mid-December. They offer blow outs, up-do's, hair treatments, and soon they will add esthetics. When I went, I had an appointment with Marliss, who is amazing and definitely worth requesting ahead of time!  So go check it out and get yourself done up!
5	Had a great blow out with Marliss. She is a really nice person and you can tell she really cares about her clients. Lovely place, lovely decor and really close to my place. I really like it a lot. Thank you.
5	Great place!  Fantastic stylists, very warm and welcoming owner, makes you feel appreciated for coming in.  We went in as a party of three before going on a trip and it was so much fun.  Everyone loved their hair!  Thank you Vanity Blowout Bar!
5	I came here after purchasing a Groupon.  I wanted to check it out and scheduled an appointment online, which was nice and convenient.  My appt was with Lindsay, who was amazing.  I had the best service and she was nice and sweet and just did a great job. My blow out lasted for 2 days, which is insane, considering I can't get my hair to keep curl for an hour, let alone 2 days. There was no pressure to purchase any products, although I did and am in LOVE with my Morroccan Hairspray, both the smell and the way it feels in my hair. The salon is clean and has modern/fashion inspired decor, which I liked. Great experience and will definitely be going back. again and again.
4	I went in with a groupon deal and boy will I be back ! Ali managed to give my hair some body and it actually stayed like that for HOURS ! Will definitely go back again :)
5	I made an appointment with Vanity Blowout Bar on Friday afternoon for an appointment the following Saturday. The Yelp reviews were very positive and consistent -- unlike many other blowout bars in areas -- and so I was hopeful Vanity could be a great alternative to Drybar at the Scottsdale Quarters. Drybar won my heart 2 years ago and since then I've seen countless blowout salons pop up around the Valley. None of those salons grabbed my attention -- some even seemed downright tacky -- and so I was super stressed when Drybar was (of course) booked solid on Saturday. I really needed someone to do a quick undo for a wedding that evening and my main stylist (Ling at Jo Paris) was out of town. Ugh. Shame on me for scheduling last minute, right? Hey, I thought I could learn to French braid off YouTube -- obviously not. Vanity Blowout Bar is about to give Drybar a run for the money! This place has everything Drybar lacks and I can't wait to go back. If you've given up on finding a good blowout bar in Scottsdale -- look no further! Vanity will save you. Vanity is truly a 45 minute escape (or longer because they offer a range of services). The owner, Stacy, greeting me warmly as I walked in a few minutes before my 1PM appointment for an updo. Here's the rundown:- warm and inviting: salon features pale rose paint, beautiful tile, and a serene atmosphere. It's very, very spa-like. - Stacy actually works at the salon! I love when the owner is there to greet and help clients. It makes me feel reassured. - I was offered a range of beverages: coffee, tea, soda, etc. They also had yummy cookies out front (not that I should be eating cookies but hey...)- It was so, so quiet. And peaceful - Booking was easy (confirmation email, reminder email, and optional text reminder)- They offer makeup and nail services- No charge for use of hot styling tools- No upsell on products or services- All stylists are licensed (not always the case at establishments that charge extra for curling and flat irons...)- EASY parking - Affordable- FANTASTIC stylingMy stylist Nicole did an absolute perfect (and I mean perfect) job on my hair. She was friendly, skilled, quick, and kind. I showed her a few pictures and it took her 25 minutes to replicate the look (a side swept French braid pulled into a messy bun). I was glowing when I walked out the door. The owner Stacy was also super honest. I booked a full updo for $65 because I didn't want to assume the look I wanted was "easy." I don't know what it takes to do these things. When I was finished, Stacy said she would only charge me for the casual undo at $35. I didn't even have to ask or mention it!!! That is true customer service.Will certainly return. In fact, I cannot WAIT to find an excuse to go back. Thank you Stacy and Nicole!!
5	I never knew this place existed until I found a Groupon. I've been going to The Drybar for the past several months, and driving 30 miles out of my way for a great blowout.  When I found out about the Vanity Blowout bar I couldn't wait to try it, since it's so much closer.  I was a little nervous, thinking nothing could be better than the Drybar.  I was wrong.  I went to the Vanity Blowout Bar today, and Kylie did an awesome job!  The salon is adorable and they are super friendly.  I will be back for sure!
4	I bought a Living Social deal here which is a great way to try a new business. I have tried almost all of the blow dry businesses and Drybar always ends up my go to. I read all of the good Yelp reviews so I thought I would give this place a try.I made my apt online and experienced a little snafu on the day of my appt. I received an email that my apt was cancelled. I called up, really irritated, and the girl I spoke with didn't know what happened but that they still had my appt on file. When I got there, I asked if they anted to see the email I received. The girl said no, that's okay. As I was checked in, they asked for all of my information again. I asked why they didn't already have it when I registered online? She said that their system crashed earlier and lost the information. That's why I received that email earlier. It was just really weird that she didn't mention that up front and before she asked me for all of my information again. Anyway, my deal included the blowout and deep conditioning. I thought the girl did a fantastic job on my hair. It is 2 days later and my hair looks really great still. What makes this place different from Drybar is that they sell boutique clothes and accessories. I think this is a really great addition to the north Scottsdale blowdry game.
5	Very easy to make an appointment.  The salon is gorgeous!  Nicole did a great job and created exactly the style I was looking for.  Everyone was friendly and personable I would definitely go back to get ready for a special occasion.
5	I was in desperate need to have my hair done last minute. I went to my trusty Yelp.. And read reviews on this place...I called and explained my issue, and they got me in right away. Ok first let me say.. I was a tad bit taken back by a review... When the first sentence begins with "I have nothing against piercings or tattoos" then goes on to bash all the girls who work there along with the rest of the establishment.... Your comment is Void. Yes these girls had tattoos and piercings.. But SCARY? Are you KIDDING ME? They were GORGEOUS! I kid you not... Every single girl was smiling.. Enjoying their job and their clients..I was promptly greeted along with every other person who walked in. I loved the products! In fact I asked what she was using and purchased the whole lot! I had an idea in my head on how I wanted my hair to look for the evening.. We are all human and not mind readers.. Unless you have a super power :) and I VOICED what I was thinking as my hair was being done.. And after it was done I wanted a few things different.. And I voiced it.. And she made it happen! These are professionals.. It's ok to tell them nicely if you want something different. Of course we were talking and laughing the whole time... I didn't need to TRY to ask nicely. These girls make you feel as if you are old friends. I never understand when I read reviews about "not being happy with the look" lol well did u tell them? Anyways.. I'm extremely in love with this place! It makes me proud that they DO hire girls with tattoos and piercings and allow them to express their individuality with out prejudice. Another thing which impressed me.. Was the impeccable service.. I felt VIP :) even the owner was very active in the business. She made sure I was comfortable, enjoying myself and was happy with my service.  Yeah I came back 2 days later for a massage and facial. Dear gawd I'm addicted now! But ... The prices are so awesome I CAN feed my addiction!
5	I don't know what happened to my previous review. But i will try to post it again. I think it will give another aspect of this place, and can help consumers like myself =) so i'll try this again ........      I was in desperate need to have my hair done last minute. I went to my trusty Yelp.. And read reviews on this place...I called and explained my issue, and they got me in right away. Ok first let me say.. I was a tad bit taken back by a review... When the first sentence begins with "I have nothing against piercings or tattoos" then goes on to bash all the girls who work there along with the rest of the establishment.... Your comment is Void. Yes these girls had tattoos and piercings.. But SCARY? Are you KIDDING ME? They were GORGEOUS! I kid you not... Every single girl was smiling.. Enjoying their job and their clients..I was promptly greeted along with every other person who walked in. I loved the products! In fact I asked what she was using and purchased the whole lot! I had an idea in my head on how I wanted my hair to look for the evening.. We are all human and not mind readers.. Unless you have a super power :) and I VOICED what I was thinking as my hair was being done.. And after it was done I wanted a few things different.. And I voiced it.. And she made it happen! These are professionals.. It's ok to tell them nicely if you want something different. Of course we were talking and laughing the whole time... I didn't need to TRY to ask nicely. These girls make you feel as if you are old friends. I never understand when I read reviews about "not being happy with the look" lol well did u tell them? Anyways.. I'm extremely in love with this place! It makes me proud that they DO hire girls with tattoos and piercings and allow them to express their individuality with out prejudice. Another thing which impressed me.. Was the impeccable service.. I felt VIP :) even the owner was very active in the business. She made sure I was comfortable, enjoying myself and was happy with my service.  Yeah I came back 2 days later for a massage and facial. Dear gawd I'm addicted now! But ... The prices are so awesome I CAN feed my addiction!******** leave my comment up ******+++
5	I've been here a couple times for a blowout. Once was before an event and the other for a big date night.  Both times they went the extra mile to make sure I was happy with my  hair.I've also had several massages with Beverly. She is amazing!! I definitely plan to see her again!The salon also sends out emails with specials from time to time which is great!
5	I want to take time to  acknowledge  amazing customer service  and kindness.My girlfriends son was becoming a Bar Mitzvah  two weeks ago and of course she had plans of doing her hair to look amazing for the big day. Just days before the event her  hairdresser was hospitalized and was unsure if she could meet her to get it done.  The plan was to do a style and shape at 7am to last all day.  With much fear and stress I suggested a backup plan so she called your salon and asked for help. She  spoke to a very sweet girl and explained her predicament  and  knowing you don't open until 9am told her she would call the manager to  get her advice.  It took less then 10 minutes for Lindsey to call her back and tell her for an additional fee she would be happy to have Kylie meet her at your shop at  7am.  I only found out  a few days later that Kylie drove all the way from Chandler  to meet her.The result....she looked so beautiful and was so pleased with how it turned out.  She got so many fabulous  complements on how great her hair looked.Thank you Kylie for saving the day and making  my girl so happy!!!!!Keep up the good work, she has told everyone how terrific  you were.
5	I've not patroned Vanity for its stylists specifically, but I can say with confidence that these fine professionals know what they are doing! I've personally recommended Vanity to a close working friend and she was simply amazed with the incredible service and outcome of her blowout. In my interactions with the team, I can tell there is a genuine passion for what they come to work for each day - not to style, but change lives. As a frequent secret shopper (not here, of course :) ), I can tell genuine passion from "all the rest".I visit Vanity, however, for Beverly their beyond-words-amazing Massage Therapist (for lack of a more awesome title!). Beverly's the "real deal". I've tried them all - the mom & pop's at the mall, the guys who come out of nowhere for a free 10-minute, and even Massage Envy for a spell. I can say that Beverly does much more than help overall stress, tension, and circulation; she knows exactly what needs to be done for each visit. Her Signature Massage will leave you wanting to fall asleep and I have - and I'm a horrible snorer! In the 3 visits I've had with her, she's done more good than 3 years worth of Massage Envy! She is a perfect addition to the Vanity team and, ladies, let's be honest who wouldn't want a massage and blowout all in the same day! Make a day of it!
5	I purchased a 1 month unlimited blow out package in December and I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed my experience.  Ever have that fantasy of what it would be like to have your hair done by a professional everyday?  I got to live it!  I was going through some personal challenges, I just opened a business and I was feeling stressed and tired.  I needed to put myself first and when I saw the opportunity through Vanity Blowout Bar, I took it.  I caught up on daily emails while I enjoyed the pampering through the awesome staff.  I experienced each and every person who works at Vanity.  25+ appointments will allow that :) Every stylist was fantastic!  The ambiance is clean and welcoming.  The prices are SO reasonable for North Scottsdale too!  The owner Stacy has that welcoming personality that makes me smile.  I had the opportunity to get to know her and I am certain you are in good hands with a business owner  who truly cares about her guests and a good experience.  This place will continue to be enjoyed by me and I will always have a great place to buy awesome birthday presents for my employees, friends and family!  Thank you for the hospitality Vanity Blowout Bar staff.  Keep up the great service!  I am grateful for you!
5	I went to Vanity after buying a groupon for a blowout. I believe my blowout was with Ariella. I have bought a lot of groupons for blowouts in the past, and I think this will be the first time I will come back sans groupon. The salon itself is really pretty. There are tvs, magazines galore. What is making me book a second appointment is how well my hair turned out. My hair usually never holds curl....NEVER! After my blowout with Ariella my hair held curl for two days! I am so impressed. I'll be back again.
4	I've been here twice for wash & blowout, my first visit with Lindsey was FANTASTIC, she listened to exactly what I wanted and made is so!  It lasted even after sleeping on it without looking messy.  Unfortunately she wasn't available the next time and I didn't have the same luck but I will try again!  It's so nice to have your hair done, very relaxing.
5	Love love love Vanity!  Go at least once a week for a blowout....all the girls are amazing--the owners fantastic.  One of the best blowout bars in all of Scottsdale! 5 stars and more!! xo
5	Thank you Lindsey for the amazing blow out and makeup!   My daughter had senior portraits and has crazy curly hair that she never styles.  I had been begging her for a week to let them blow her hair out and apply some light makeup rather than have me flat iron her hair.  I read all your reviews and she finally said yes. Lindsey was able to get her an appt asap, and was fast as well with the hair and makeup.  My daughter felt awesome for her pictures plus the whole family could not stop staring at her, beautiful job! We will be back!
1	Owners are really nice and the place is cute, but it doesn't make up for the unexperienced stylists. My first visit was a disaster. My hair turned out nothing like the picture I picked out. It was flat and part of my hair was curly while other parts were straight. If I had time to go home and wash it, I would have. NOT GOOD!My second visit was a little better. The only thing I didn't like was that she sprayed my hair with hairspray while it was damp then round brushed it to style it (DAMAGING). Hairspray, can you believe it?!?!? She should have been using a thermal protectant. The ends turned out really frizzy and dry. I pretty much had to do back-to-back deep conditioning treatments after my visit to Vanity. Sad to say, I will not be returning. Like EVER!
3	I enjoyed coming here for my bachelorette party make up. The girl doing my make up was very friendly and listened to me when I told her what I like and don't like. The make up looked great, however it didn't last long. About an hour into the evening I felt it "melting" off my face... And I was in an air conditioned apartment. Slightly disappointed about that for the $45 I paid, but other than that it was good.
2	I was super excited to give this place a try in lieu of Drybar and was disappointed.  My stylist was very nice, however, my hair was completely flat 3 hours later.  I told her I wanted volume and it was anything but.  I had to scramble to restyle myself.   Was hoping to find a gem and support local business, but I guess I will have to stick to my usual.
5	When I traveled to Arizona I went to VBB for a keratin treatment and blowout. I had an amazing time. The staff was very friendly and professional. The atmosphere was great!My hair turned out great!The keratin treatment lasted for 6months, I had unfrizzy hair. I live in AL so HUMIDITY!!!! I will be going to VBB next week as I will be in AZ and am looking forward to get my hair cut and colored and pampered!I also had an aromatherapy massage, that was the most relaxing 30min EVER!Highly recommend VBB !
1	Kylie is fantastic!! Her wash is excellent and her blow dry/styling is one of the best I've seen! Highly recommend
5	Jackie was amazing!! She did the perfect blow out and makeup for the photo shoot I was going to.  Not only did she have to deal with my face going through some crazy peeling but she made it look great along with my hair! Thank so much Jackie!
3	I had a hair emergency on a Monday, which is a terrible day to have one as most salons are closed. I was very fortunate to find a salon like this that was open. It was a really far drive, but worth it. Arianna (I hope I spelled that right) was my stylist. A very sweet, personable girl that I liked from the start. She did a good blowout.I suppose the three stars are because 1) they barely ask you how you want your hair. I showed them a photo, but she didn't really come close to the look I showed her. And 2) I asked to be turned around to face the mirror and she said that her cord wouldn't reach. A few minutes later I turned around to see my hair and her cord WAS long enough. Not cool. The blowout was reasonable for the price. It wasn't what my stylist does to my hair, but it was a good blowout and I was grateful to get it done; my hair needed it! So, I'd say that, yes, they do blowouts that are good, but you really need to be vocal and let them know you want to see what they're doing. Other than that the salon is really pretty and they have a lot of cool thing for sale. They also had very cool videos and music playing; the vibe was awesome.
5	Now THIS place knows their stuff!!! Kylie is excellent with color. Owner and staff very personable and friendly....thank you also for helping us help the two ladies!!!
5	Always a great wash, blowout and style! Highly recommend anyone at Vanity Blowout Bar!
5	I was lucky enough to have Lindsay do my blowout and makeup application for a holiday party I was going to.  I couldn't have asked for a better outcome!  I received so many compliments on my hair and makeup.  I have already made another appointment on New Year's Eve!  Thank you, Lindsey!
5	The luxurious services you dream of! The friendly staff greets you with a smile and offers you a beverage. I personally love the espresso. They listen to what you want and your desired look and skillfully achieve it! Their blowouts are relaxing and quick. Their stylists are professional and poised and I always leave looking and feeling like a queen!
1	I will never be going back to this place. We booked the whole salon for a bachelorette party which was around $400 and we were supposed to have it for 2 hours. We got there a little early so they started early we were in an out in one hour and everyones hair ended falling out within the hour. They stylist seemed unexperienced and not very friendly. Most of the girls didn't like their hair and told the stylist after they had finished but once everyones hair was done the stylist disappeared in the back. We all paid what we were had too and only tipped the girls about $2-4 each since our hair was worth the money and they wouldn't fix it. When we gave the owner the money her response was "thats all you're tipping?"... it was very rude! My sister later called to complain an hour after left seeing how everyone hair was flat at that point. There response was "we will give you 1 or 2 free blow outs" which was a nice gesture, yes. But, seeing how 11 girls got their hair done and all paid equal amount how were we going to split one or two blowouts? VERY POOR customer service!We were all very upset with this whole ordeal and none of us will ever be returning.
