5	Solid dealers, courteous management, attentive and attractive waitresses, comfortable chairs, plenty of tables (26); and is far enough from the pits as to not be distracted, but close enough that you still feel part of the overall casino experience. With other poker rooms taking a cavalier attitude regarding the game's integrity, as well as, a general lack of appreciation for their players; Wynn's poker room quickly becoming my favorite place to play.
4	Comfortable, clean with available management. Problem , for me, is there is not any  limit poker. If you wish to play only no limit you can't beat this room.
5	In my opinion this room is easily in the top 3 if not the best poker room in Vegas for mid stakes action. 2/5-5/10 runs daily, there's an optional button straddle which most people don't take advantage of and the buy ins for every game are quite deep(usually 200-300 BBs). Very good floormen and service as well.It's also pretty awesome that the parking is only a few seconds away from the poker room itself.
5	Been here quite a few times. When considering overall atmosphere, service and action. Along with the Aria and Venetian, they make in my opinion the top 3 poker rooms in Vegas.
4	I don't really rate poker rooms. Obviously, you will have your tight and loose players. The drunker they are the more action you will get like everywhere else. the room itself is nice and there is always a game going on. On busy nights, you may have to wait a while just to get in a game, but that's pretty much anywhere you go on the strip.
5	My favorite poker room in Vegas, I like the fact that valet is just around the corner, talk about convenience. It's a very masculine decorated poker room but I enjoy the atmosphere, the dealers are nice and friendly. Kem cards & Paulson chips are the best combination when it comes to a great poker game, some people might think I'm crazy, it's just chips and cards right? If you play poker a lot like I do, you'll know that having the best cards & chips in the industry makes a world of difference. I'd give this place 10 stars if I could.
4	Probably my 2nd favorite poker room in Las Vegas. A little on the smaller side, but when the games are good here, they are great. It can be hit or miss though, so either you have to have friends here letting you know about the games, or have connections with the staff to know when those particular players arrived.At first I thought their poker chips looked and felt like wsop tournament chips, but I've grown accustomed to them and like how they feel. The tables are nice and the overall ambiance of the place is elegant. The 2/5 NL is $200-1500 max buy in which is nice, and the 5/10 NL is uncapped! They also have higher stakes PLO running when other places don't.I also like the fact that self parking lot is literally right next to the poker room, so that I don't have to walk through the whole casino to get to the poker area. They do the standard $2 dollar a hour poker comp that you can use for the room service, Asian restaurant, and pizza place and deli.
5	Wynn has a promotion, till Sept. 230, on $4-8 L. You get $50 back for 10 hours of play; check out the details. I like the ability to "relax" by moving to limit once in a while. Agree' the top 3 rooms are Wynn, Aria and V. Bellagio, even with their attitude still has a lot of games going and some good managers. Go from 10AM to 6
5	This poker room is another place that I like to play NLH when I am in town.  Depending on the crowd, it can be easy pickings or one has to really grind things out.  The staff offer great service as well.
1	On Wednesday, January 8th I was playing poker at the Wynn Poker Room and I got up to have dinner at the buffet (where I spent $344.17 for dinner) with some friends.  I came back about an hour-and-a-half later and they had picked up my chips and my jacket that was hanging on the back of my seat.Christopher Dannevik, the shift manager, asked for my ID and I showed him my driver's license.  We went over to the cashier where I was to get my money back.  Christopher asked my to sign a receipt form, which I did, and then he said he would not give me my money back unless he could make and keep a copy of my driver's license.  With all of the identity theft going on I don't like having unnecessary copies of my driver's license floating around and I did not allow this.Christopher acknowledged that it was my money but said that they would not give me it back unless they photocopied my driver's license, which I would not allow him to do.  In my book, this is theft, plain and simple.  Interestingly, they then gave me my jacket back--making it difficult to argue that they had any doubt that they money and jacket belonged to me.  I pointed out that the same dealers were in the poker room and even several of the same players were still playing at the table--all of whom could identify me. They also have numerous cameras so they were literally a dozen ways they could have verified my identity, if needed, though Christopher never disputed that it was my money.  As of this writing they still will not give me back my money.If you don't mind the poker room unnecessarily photocopying personal information or you don't mind having your money stolen, then by all means, go play at the Wynn Poker Room.  Otherwise consider other, better choices, like the Bellagio Poker Room.
5	Great room, Great drink service and lots of action. This room is intimate, comfortable seats and management was very fair and didn't get too involved. Only thing is be cautious of the sharks,,,,,,
4	This is a really nice poker room which has taken a back seat to Venetian and Aria.  The atmosphere is great and I've come to find more fishies here but I can only speak to the lower limit/nl and low 200 and under tournies that they have.They spread a lot of high limit games such as 5-10nl.  If you're there during a tournament series you'll find more action. My advice is to call in advance to see what games they have.  I'm a sucker for their drinks - they make the best complimentary strawberry julius and I have no shame in ordering a fruity drink!
3	The room is not very spacious and seems to be dying overall.  Mostly regs.  They do run some decent tourney series now and then.
4	My overall experience in this room has been positive. although I'm surprised that the poker room of such a big-name hotel on the strip seemed so disappointing. I guess I expected more (since it is THE Wynn), but it felt smaller than what I expected and there are hardly any games that run (compared to places like Aria or the Venetian).
