3	The La Havana Cigar bar couldn't be in a better setting in the whole city of Vegas.  Placed in the heart of Montelago Village in Lake Las Vegas this cigar bar offer a fantastic selection of cigars.  They also have a full bar and plasma screen tv's for your viewing pleasure.  If your in the area check the place out.
3	Stopped in at La Havana Cigar Bar for a quick drink. We had seen it before but wasn't sure if it was even open. Nice cigar lounge setting with a couple plasma TVs and a small bar.  The drinks are a pretty steep priced but the atmosphere out ways that if you are shopping for a cigar I guess.Friendly staff!
5	I hadn't been out to Lake Las Vegas in over a year.  My husband and I decided to make the trek out to see what, if anything, was open.  We were more than pleasantly surprised!  La Havana was our second stop of the evening.  We brought our dogs with us.  I loved that every restaurant we went to was very dog friendly.  Specifically at La Havana, our waiter/bartender/manager was very sweet to our dogs!  Big plus in a dog lover's book!We aren't huge cigar aficionados.  However, after hanging out here, we want to go back and try more cigars!  Our waiter was extremely helpful.  He took us into the humidor and asked us 2-3 questions then gave us a perfect cigar!  We sat outside, ordered amaretto on the rocks, listened to a jazz pianist and just chilled with our dogs.  We liked the cigar so much we almost bought a second one to share!  I took a picture of the cigar we had so we'll know exactly what to get the next time we come.     Without a doubt, we will be back!
4	In Montelago Village (Lake Las Vegas).  It is a nice place to listen to live  music, have an adult beverage and of course indulge in the most beloved activity of Che and the bourgeoisie- a nice puff on an expensive cigar.The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable.
4	The BF and I were at Brews Best  Festival and saw a man handrolling cigars outside of the cigar bar and I knew I wanted one. Never had a handrolled fresh one and thought it was rather cool so the BF and I decided to get a big torpedo and split. It was nice, a bit spicy, great draw. I don't know if this is a special event type thing they do or if he's there all the time though. Some of our friends got some and highly enjoyed it too. I didn't look at their regular selection much or drink at the bar inside so I can't comment much on that but $9 for a handrolled cigar is pretty boss.
4	I am never really out here except for the Best Brews Fest and each year I look forward to walking around with also a cigar. So far, they have a handroller during the March ones, but I've seen him absent from the time I came in November, it was really cold and a bit windy though. If you like a bit spicy you will like the regular ones, I prefer a bit less hot so I go with the candy cane wraps. It seems this is always there though in their humidor if he isn't doing it fresh. For $7- 10 for those are pretty good.As for the regular humidor, it's small, but fairly decent. I find they lean a bit more towards that spicy profile , but there's some items for people like me who prefer a medium bodied, balanced, creamy smoke. I'm a fan of making it part of my festivities every year.
