5	Great new bookstore! Friendly, cluttered in all the right ways! Found Waldo on the shelves, and a great selection of children's and YA books. Some rare finds in the Religion section, too.
5	It was so sad seeing Plaza Books close, but they were handing out hope in a little business card-- a new used bookstore was opening, almost immediately adding to the shamefully small amount of book places in Vegas. I finally made it in, and could immediately tell it was a spiritual successor to Plaza, although not a copy. They have a cute kids/YA section, some fun sections that show the owner is a reader herself, and very clearly marked genre shelves. The general fiction section was HUGE, and if I didn't have to head to work I could have easily spent half my day there. The sci-fi section in the back wasn't massive yet, but had interesting and respectable choices and you can tell it was growing at a good clip. The romance section in the back looked well-stocked, but it didn't take over the place like it can in a lot of bookshops. A quick look showed that the non-fiction section was also shaping up nicely, and they had what my favorite used bookstore always do- vintage books nestled in next to newer ones. The classic literature section reminded me of Plaza as well, I think some of the books found their new home here. :)I made my selections and the very nice owner knew about the author and told me some interesting facts. I'll bring in some of my nicer books to hopefully trade next time, I REALLY want this place to succeed! It's cozy, crammed with books but well-organized, brightly lit and fun to dig around in. It's tucked into a strip mall next to a guitar shop, so make sure you don't pass it up!
5	Amazing, kid friendly, great selection, great price, super comfortable chair to fall asleep in, amazing customer service....in short.  I could live here.
5	With the demise of Plaza Books and On The Road Books, this store is an island in the illiterate sea that is East Las Vegas. The store shows a lot of promise, having inherited Plaza's customer base and much of its inventory, but time will tell if it has wings enough to fly. I would like to see a greater selection of poetry and classic literature, but that will hopefully come as more trading customers come in.Speaking of which, Books or Books has a very fair trade policy. Bring them some poetry for me, will ya?
5	I'm happy that I found this beautiful store close to home.  I was getting tired of having to drive to the west side to get books.  They have great selection, great price and the lady working the front desk was pretty nice.  I will definitely be back!
4	It's a nice little shop that isn't as commercialized and sanitized as, say, B&N, but neither is it such a jumble that you can't find anything.  It's a nice blend of the two extremes.  The prices on the books are pretty much right and they've got a good variety of them. The owner is very nice too.They have a nice little kids' section complete with a comfy chair to sit in while you read a book to your kid.  Their selection of kids' books is pretty impressive with everything from really old books to some of the latest.  Their vintage books selection is small, but it is a fairly new store as of this posting.  I was impressed with what they had, both the quality and the vintage of them (some pretty old books). They didn't want an arm and a leg for them either like some stores do.They have the books organized by genre fairly well, certainly better than many small book stores do.  I was impressed by the number of gardening books they have as well as historical novels.  They have quite a few romance novels, but not an entire corner of the place like some places do.  Their sci fi and fantasy section is a bit small, but I aim to help them with that.  I'm an incorrigible collector of sci fi and fantasy books and plan on thinning out my collection bit by bit in the near future.  The owner said she'd be interested in buying a few of my books if she is lacking in their genre.  She warned me that she doesn't pay a lot for them, but that's understandable considering how reasonable her prices on her current books are. We're not talking Goodwill level pricing, but we are talking better quality than you you usually find there.One of my 'have to' stops when I visit St. George, Utah is a little, very jumbled book store near downtown for their amazing variety of used books, especially classics.  Books or Books looks like it is on it's way to being another 'must stop' store, this time for when I am in South Las Vegas/Henderson.
5	We stumbled across this establishment because we were interested in checking out the guitar shop in the same mall - and the restaurant previously known as SuperMex (now Jalisco Cantino).As a burgeoning online used bookseller myself - I have to say that this is the best used bookstore in Vegas (IMHO). Love the staff, attitude and selection (my personal habit is vintage cookbooks of which they have plenty). Welcoming and friendly - it's everything a used bookstore should aspire to be!
