1	Quality Bumper installed window tinting on my truck about 7 years ago.  I was told the tint had a "lifetime" warranty and to bring the truck back if I had any issues.  My window tinting is starting to bubble on two of the windows - i'm not upset about this as it has been 7 years but I wanted to get it fixed since the tint has a "lifetime" warranty.I called Quality Bumper today to set up an appointment to have them look at the tint and also to have purchase a new bed liner and have it installed.  The guy I spoke with indicated I probably had some brand of tint they don't install anymore (Diamond) and that my warranty was through the manufacturer so I need to call them to have it fixed "if they are still in business."  I asked him if he would look up my receipt to verify this was the type of tint I had and he was unwilling to do so.  He said because I had it installed a long time ago it had to be Diamond brand tinting.I am very disappointed that the company does not stand behind its products and installation - especially when they say the product has a "lifetime" warranty.  I guess I misunderstood that "lifetime" really means the lifetime of them selling the product....I am also angry that the guy I spoke with was unwilling to type my phone number in to the computer system to verify I even had this product.  If you are looking for a good shop that is friendly and will help you out when you have any issues this is NOT the place to go. And to think I was going to spend more money here..........
5	I purchased a rear step bumper for my 2003 f150 supercrew the complete assembly. The quality of the bumper is as good or better than the OEM. I was pleasently surprised and the price was reasonable.  Thanks Quality!
5	Last August I purchased a newly used car without tinted windows, so I picked up a groupon for it since I live just minutes away from Quality Bumper. The shop was small, simple and clean. The gentlemen who helped me were friendly and answered my questions, while not being too pushy or sales-y.With my groupon I was able to get the mid-level tinting and paid the remaining balance. All in all I paid about $150 for $210 worth of work/services.Having tinted windows in a sunny place like Arizona really makes a difference, so I'm glad I didn't drag my feet on getting this done. I thought the guys at Quality Bumper did a good job, they treated me (and my car) with respect, and I saved some money so I have no reason no to give them 5 stars.
