5	I have been consistently going to Nicole for a few years now and I would highly recommend Healthy Skin by Nicole to anyone! Since I started getting treatments from Nicole, I constantly receive compliments on how great my skin looks! It literally gives off a glow and feels as smooth as baby's skin. I am 26 years old and I primarily go to Nicole to prevent aging, reduce breakouts, and keep that radiant skin or "glow" people tell me I have. She always recommends what is best for your skin and modifies her treatments based on what she feels your skin needs at the moment. I also leave her boutique spa feeling pampered and relaxed because her treatments are always so soothing and calming!Nicole is incredibly talented at what she does! I have known many of her other clients and they range from all ages, have different skin types, and are both male and female. Whether you are a man or a woman, old or young, have troublesome skin or "good" skin, you should definitely go see Nicole! On top of all the great things I mentioned above, she has an open range of hours that works for me and for most 9-5'ers. She is flexible and tries to make it as convenient for me to come in for my appointments. AND...She has awesome prices!!!I refuse to go to anyone else! I drive all the way from Chandler just to see her!
5	Awesome job! My skin feels soft and it removed redness. I would suggest her to anyone who wants to take care of their skin.
5	Nicole is great!  I am constantly getting compliments on my skin and its glow.  She works wonders and has me hooked for life!
1	It is obvious this person had her friend write reviews.  It is also obvious that Nicole had to rest up a whole new name and business because the service was so poor from the last one she attempted to run.  FYI check out Healthy Skin Boutique in Yelp.  Same person so you can expect the same poor performance.I speak from experience - months of trying to get service on something that was already paid for.  BUYER be WARNED - if you purchase something through Living Social or Amazon Social you will have lost your money and/or your sanity dealing with this unprofessional business owner.  DO  NOT waist your time and DO NOT loose your money.  The person is very experienced in delaying your appointment until after the refund time expires.During the months, YES MONTHS I tried to make appointment to only have them postponed with unfulfilled promises of callbacks and reschedules.  Yes I was given a lot of excuses that at first I believed, like I said, Nicole is very experienced with many sad stories about why and how she can accept your money but can not perform the service for month and month and can not return calls when promised.  If I was the only person that had a poor experience with this business and this person I would just forget about the $120 I was scammed out of but when I called Living Social the customer serve person expressed the idea there were a lot of complaints.  Also - tracking the business movements shows multiple failed and closed websites, business names, etc.  Take my advice - RUN FAR RUN FAST from Nicole.
