5	It hurts me deeply that this is the closest Trader Joe's to my house.  But if this wasn't there, I'd have to go all the way to Metrocenter so... I'll take it.There are so many reviews about Trader Joe's in other locations, so by now you most likely know all about their amazing selection of "Joe's" brand merchandise - ranging from pasta sauce to liquid soap.  If there is a Joe's brand for something - get it.  It will always be good.  And while their produce section is smaller than some of the other stores, it's not my main reason for going there so I can pick something up if it looks good and it's a fun extra.  They used to have almost no meat selection, but it's gotten better after their recent expansion.  It's no AJ's, but they have some nice basic and pre-prepared options.While in general I could talk forever about other great things from Trader Joe's, sticking with just this location let me say that I've never had anything but outstanding service.  The check out is always fast and friendly.  They even recognized my big blue cooler bag for what it was and happily packed the groceries right into it vs. using a paper sack.  It's not just being a bit granola (not that there's anything wrong with that) but it also keeps the goodies cold on their 20 minute drive back to the house.  But why can't there be one closer to my house?  Huh?  Why?  Why???  Your distribution center is less than 10 minutes from my house, but I can't buy anything there.  Why not?  Can't we make that a small satellite store?  Huh?  Please?  Downtown Phoenix maybe?? Something!!! Sigh.... letting go of the dream for now...  Maybe if I just keep calling the corporate office until they recognize my voice...
4	Ahh, Trader Hoe's - how I LUV thee.  You are a cheaper version of Whole Foods and have (almost) everything I could ask for, and even grew for me over the last year.  You always have my cheap, easy-to-make foods, and a decent selection of wine.  And when you're feeling like slumming it, $2 buck chuck is $3 buck chuck in this neck of the country.Another case in point to not having everything.  I inquired about low-fat tortilla chips and they told me - "Oh, you must have seen that in California.  They eat different things in California."  Huh?  Can a brother get some low-fat TJ's tortilla chips in this town?  I'm not asking for freaking foie gras.Now you would be perfect if you had a fresh deli, bakery, hot foods and butcher block - but then you wouldn't be cheap, huh?  You would be Whole Foods.
4	I've always liked Trader Joe's, but hardly ever went, telling myself I couldn't possibly get everything I needed there. After all, each time I've been, I've gotten the impression it's like a half-market. Perhaps I'm wrong, but I still get that impression. Regardless, I went this past weekend because I wanted to look for my all-time favorite nut mix. Ironically, they didn't have the World Mix variety. I figured while I was there, I'd pick up some milk and look around. I began at the cheeses. I picked up a blend o fontino and asiago. Yum. Then I opted to try Trade Joe's chicken apple sausage. Of course, yams (or sweet potatoes) are a must. I also wandered the aisles, was tempted by a couple items but opted to spend $$ on wine and spirits, instead of garlic olive oil and coffee. Yeah, maybe my priorities are a bit skewed.Anyway, I was disappointed with their beer selection. I wanted something for the holidays, for the "winter" I pretend is coming, to whet my whistle. I walked away empty-handed. Instead, I picked up 2 reasonably priced bottles of red wine - both intriguing blends. Why not, I thought. Check out was easy. The cashier was super friendly. She double bagged. Good for her! I walked out feeling victorious, like I had gotten a really good deal. To prove my point, I compared price points between what I spent at Trader Joe's and what I spent at Fry's. Come to find out, everything was less expensive at TJ's. I swear it. Even their baby spinach salad didn't break $2. The skim milk, the yams, the chicken sausage... all less at TJ's. This tells me I need to shop here more often. The only downside is the crowd. It's always cramped and I feel like I'm in every body's way. I damn sure know everybody is in my way. I don't like dodging people or obstacles. I don't like getting bumped into by carts and huge lady purses. There was even one point after picking up my spinach that I was trapped by two carts. The drivers were oblivious. I stood there, trying to figure out my best route of escape. Finally one lady looked up at me and moved her cart an inch out of the way. That's when I made a run for it.
5	Trader Joe's is awesome. A great selection of independent, organic and healthy choices.From Trader Joe's own brand of products, to organic produce and meats, specialty items, micro brew beer and wine, to the packaged and frozen food, to flowers and vitamins, it is the perfect place for the health conscious and thrifty.The staff is always friendly and helpful.If you have never been to Trader Joe's, it is a must see.This location is great, really crowded on the weekends and evenings, but what you lose in time you save in price.
4	At this location, it's easy to tumble in, buy healthy anything and everything, and tumble out....So why four stars and not five?---They use to have Ben and (you know)ice creme, Chunky Monkey---No more....:(But they have fruit, juices, nuts, eggs, cereal, sodas, wines, meats, on, and on, and on...even recycled bags! (though I wouldn't eat the bags....)It's a bit pricey...Why so pricey?---I guess for the privilege of buying something healthy?...vs...something fabricated by DOW chemicals and produce shot full of altered chromosomal waste!
5	There are certain items that I always buy at Trader Joe's.  My most favorite is their orange flavored chicken.  You buy it in the frozen food section.  It is low in calories and is so easy and fast to make.  I serve it over rice and I have a great dinner.  My husband loves it too.  I also love their ready made salads, especially the reduced fat Greek salad.  It is about 125 calories total, even with the dressing and it takes great.
5	I love Trader Joe's and this is one of my favorites in town - Far bigger than the Gilbert location.I love that I can always find something new and yummy to try - and that is sometimes very hard as a vegetarian.  I love the produce, the sauces, the soy selections.I also love that I can find animal product free & cruelty free household products, which means that I don't have to go all over town to get what I need.Go here.  Get some meatless meatballs and some whole wheat pasta.   Have a tasty dinner.
4	First of all, everyone shopping here needs to slow their roll.Okay.  You are groovy and 'green'.  You buy Jicama milkshakes and no-pesticide turnips.  Your NHW20 Hybrid Prius awaits your herbal carriage and will rip you home to your grass and mud 15 story energy insulated highrise hut at a full 110 horsepower; "We can do it" Rosie the Riveter tats blazing with your arms out the open windows to conserve the 1,986/miles per gallon gas tank .  So turn it down a molecule, Janis Joplin.So, now that my little beef (erm, pardon the pun) is outta the way, I must say that I very much enjoy the inventory of TJ's.  First and foremost, I never leave here without restocking the $3 buck Chuck - Shiraz and Cab for mid-week meals when you don't feel like busting out the $15-$25 dollar vino.  The rest of the wine selection is surprisingly so-so and seems to have faltered in the last few years.  A once proud beer selection (and they allow you to mix-n-match sixers) has also decreased in quality, though they DO stock a nifty amount of Oak Creek Brews, which any proud Arizonan will stock up on without nary a glance at the Guinness or what have you.The produce is not as expensive as the organic section of Safeway, so its a good place to stock up on a few extra 'healthier' (*cough*) veggies (my fiancee thinks so, anyway) at no extra charge.  Their meat selection is pretty decent for a store whose clientele are poster-children for the PETA Militia. TJ's is a nice place to supplement you grocery stash, but I just don't think I could do 100% of my shopping here -- and this from someone who eats-in very healthily about 95% of the week.  We have staples here that we almost always pick up -- that wine I mentioned before, edamame, veggies, a variety of fish, beer, and a couple of snacks like popcorn or cookies -- but that's primarily it for TJ's.  My fiancee likes the plant/flower selection too, and I suspect that any female would, especially if she wears a cute lilac bandana, wears overalls to paint, and says stuff like "eww meat".
4	Trader Joe's is great, because it's really affordable.  They make a lot of their own products, which are always fantastic.I have two issues with TJ's:  1)  You can't go there looking for something specific, because they may not have it2)  Their produce is very often wack!  I went looking to buy a zucchini once, and I had the option of buying 7 zucchini that were pre-wrapped, or a bag of baby zucchini.  ???That said, they have great (cheap!) wine selection, lots of fun prepacked meals to try, interesting vegetarian products (Trader Joe's chickenless chicken nuggets, anyone?), and lots of cheese.  I go to Trader Joe's about once a month to stock up on wine, or if I'm bored and looking for some new ideas.Oh, the staff are all really friendly, too.  At least, my cashier was.
5	Joe.... I love your nuts.Also... I love your cheese.Nuts.... Mmmm. Raw nuts. In my mouth. So firm and tasty.I don't even feel funny saying that, and I am a very hetero guy.I do the bulk of my shopping here, though for veggies I'm starting to hit up the Phoenix Public Market.But for everything else... I eat from Joes.The refrigerator case Greek olive medley... wonderful. The cheese selection, especially the choice of feta, is wonderful. There is an incredible Israeli sheep milk feta, and the low fat Trader Joes brand is no slacker, either. I also love their fresh Mozzarella in salt water. Their hard cheeses and brie are great, and I love goat cheese - they have a wide selection.I also love their organic tofu, their Greek yogurt, and mmm... nuts. Good balsalmic in a mother fucking spray bottle? I am all over it. Their olive oil is excellent. Their wine selection is great, as are the prices. Dr. Bronner's soap? Yay! Free range, organic eggs... Bring it on. Joe, I eat your eggs with abandon!They have new products all the time. I am addicted. Addicted. Is there a 12 step program for Trader Joes? I hope not. It's one addition I plan on continuing to feed.
5	As a bachelor, I have to agree with Abu: TJ's is paradise.  It's seriously the reason I picked the Biltmore neighborhood two years ago when I moved from LA.  It made my move seamless.  I can honestly say that for the last 8 years I have been going to TJ's weekly (first in LA, and now in PHX), and perhaps a little sadly, I tend to buy the same things each and every week.  If TJ's closed, I would die. Food:-- TJ's hummus: all of them are awesome, even the white bean hummus-- TJ's whole wheat pita bread, and the mini pitas.  Just dip these guys in the hummus (see above)-- TJ's dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).  Don't buy the more expensive canned dolmas they have from Greece.  Trust me.  TJ's is in a jar, you get a few more dolmas in there and they are firmer and don't have that old canned taste.  I think the Greek ones have been sitting on a shelf somewhere for years.-- TJ's nuts, all of them.-- TJ's frozen fish and shrimp.  They have excellent sea food and it's all been extremely good in my experience.  Their raw peeled shrimp makes for an easy meal of your choice.  I like to saute with garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice.  -- TJ's Greek yogurt.  They have a "brand" name, but stick with TJ's.  I have tried them both and still think that the house brand rulesHousehold Items:-- Dr. Bronner's magic soap!  This stuff is great and will make you smell good (if you don't already smell good)-- STAY AWAY FROM THEIR PAPER TOWELS.  In the last few years they seem to be carrying more household stuff, but their paper towels are worthless and actually smell kind of strange.  If you spill something and reach for a TJ's towel, the spill will get worse.  These towels repel all moisture.  Go to Target and get the real thing or use a washable dish rag.-- Desert Essence face wash.  For a bachelor, this stuff is great.  It's a simple face wash that does what it says and doesn't leave you smelling like an orchardDrinks:-- Their juices are all amazing, especially their unpasteurized orange juice, but it's not cheap.-- Water is essential but I am a filterer at home so just buy their sparkling mineral water.  It's the best deal in town.-- Beer: They have the large bottles of Chimay, Arrogant Bastard Ale, and the usual suspects of trendy breweries such as Stone, Stella, Guinness, and some of the Japanese brands.  These are great, but my recommendation is for the Simpler Times lager.  It's only $2.99 for a 6-pack!  That's 50 cents a beer.  At first I was afraid, I was petrified...but seriously, I even served this beer to a female guest the other night and she was totally impressed.  Pour it in a pint glass and Simpler Times will stack up to the best brews.-- Wine: You have to be careful with TJ's wine.  Yes, they have some cheap wines, but you will have a serious time trying to swallow some of them.  Stick to the above $6 bottles at a minimum, and if you want to be safe, aim for the $11 plus bottles.  Also remember that southern hemisphere wines can be a bit younger because of the grow season.  For Chilean wines and Argentinian wines my price rubric can be cut in half because these countries have such low labor costs that even their cheap wines seem to be palatable somehow.  Also, those Bota boxes are convenient, but I think they taste about as good as two-buck chuck.  Someone told me they are inconsistent so I might give it another try. Other Hints:--  If you take your own bag they will give you a raffle ticket and every week they draw a name for a $25 dollar gift certificate (don't hold me to that price, but it sounds right).  I've been playing this bag game for years at this TJ's and my prior TJ's and have never won.  It makes you realize that if you can't win a simple raffle at the local TJ's you probably shouldn't waste your money on lottery tickets where the odds are really against you.Flowers and Plants:-- I've purchased all manner of TJ's flowers and plants over the years and find that they aren't very durable.  The flowers seem to die much quicker than the flowers you buy at the local florist and the plants are hit or miss.  If you have to buy flowers in a rush, go for it, but if you need them to stay perky for more than an day, you might go elsewhere.That's my two cents.
5	Serious mochi craving that wasn't quenched at AJ's, so, off to TJ's!  They have an amazing produce section, with imported fruits you may not find at your regular grocery store.  Cheeses from everywhere!I like the white cheese puffs, TJ's brand, to snack on.  I also like that they have cookies from everywhere.  I had a butter cookie craving along with the mochi craving and found everything here.Hummus?  Arik would be happy to know there are several flavors to choose from.It smells like Nag Champa.  Hippies man the cash registers.  Paper bags!  My cat loves playing in them.Many organic products to choose from, too.I feel good when I shop here.
4	As a vegetarian and sporadic health nut, I just love TJ's. They have a nice array of inexpensive fresh produce, including my beloved broccolini, for 40% of what Safeway charges. Huge selection of frozen veggie-friendly dinners, good for my on-the-go household. Greek yogurt, cheap. Nice beer selection with lots of cheapo wine. I try to buy all my supplements here too, as they seem to be a lot less expensive. Yes, I'm all about saving cash on groceries and whatnot.The downside? It's not one-stop-shopping; a trip always requires supplementation with another trip to a "regular" grocery store. This particular TJ's is teeny-tiny-small, and always chock-full of obnoxious and/or oblivious people who wield carts like weapons. My favorite is the woman who thinks it's an awesome time to teach little Jimmy how to push his own wee cart and comparison shop, and lets the little bastard cruise all over the store willy-nilly. I'm all for giving your kid responsibility, but a) you still have to, you know, keep an eye on the kid and b) a super-crowded claustrophobic nightmare like this place after work is not, repeat, NOT the time to do so.
4	Trader Joe's is the ultimate place to buy delicious, healthful, and sometimes organic foods. If you are someone who doesn't like cooking but also doesn't like eating out all the time, you gotta go to TJs. The frozen pizzas are great, the hummus is delicious (excluding the spicy pepper) and they have awesome naan. Besides frozen foods, there are a lot of cold prepared meals that are easy to heat up.On the down side, their produce is mostly pre-packed and can tend to be overpriced, although there are still some bargains.The wine department is great for any time you are looking for a fun bottle under $10 to try. They are always changing selections and the staff is generally quite knowledgeable.I also love that I can randomly grab beautiful flowers on my way out the door...and the flowers are always something interesting and exciting.
5	I go here pretty much once a week.  It is sort of a particular store- not very good for produce- most of it is packaged in way too much plastic and you have to buy in larger quantities.  However, they have 19cent bananas and i often buy bell peppers there.  I won't buy strawberries there as they are almost always have gone off or picked while green and never ripen properly.  The things that I love about Trader Joe's:Cheese!  They have the best prices on cheese that I have seen (except for Costco, of course)Yogurt!  Ohmygod the organic vanilla yogurt is the best yogurt I have ever had.  I often eat it for dessert with some fruit- absolutely heavenly.Red Thai Curry sauce, dried fruits, salmon roulade, raspberry creme brulee, etc etcThey have so many unique products that are just wonderful, I would cry cry cry if I couldn't go to Trader Joes anymore.They also have nice succulents in cute pots outside and their flowers are gorgeous and super cheap.  I always look forward to spring when they have daffodils- something like 10 for $2?  Can't beat that.
4	I really like this place, but ever since Fresh and Easy popped up behind me, it takes a lot to get me to drive the extra five minutes. Things are a pretty good price, and I love the samplers.. but F&E has great samplers too, and it's cheaper. The tortellini is an item I always grab, along with the pesto. Very very good and at a great price. I wish they had a sales section like my handy dandy F&E.. Ooo.. and I like their honey wheat pretzels..yum! And I think they are only a dollar fifty or so.. Oh, and I'm baffled at how they keep that kettle corn from going stale, but it is certainly delish!
4	i like this location - whenever i'm in the neighborhood i try to stop by. i like that it is in an older complex. i feel good about buying fresh, healthy stuffs for me, my husband and our dogs here. i like the prices a lot. i like that the people are nice and their eggs are the best tasting in all the land. i don't like that pomegranate seeds are hard to come by. i get sad when they're out of cheese curds. and i get frustrated when it is super busy. but otherwise, i really like this trader joe's.
4	I practically live here!! I`m in every week! I spend less money here and walk out with more items than the regular grocery store chains! Not to mention, better quality food and organic! You can`t beat their fresh flowers and assorted orchids and plants either! I love Trader Joes! Great selection of wine and beer, and I`m all about the wine! Also get plenty of meal ideas from their demos. I would be lost without my Trader Joes!!
5	This is MY store. Not yours, or your neighbors, or her mom's, but MINE. I love shopping at Trader Joe's. They carry plenty of bagged meals for two people that you can just heat up and eat. They aren't full of awful chemicals like at the grocery store, either. The people who work here are very friendly, and I don't get stressed out shopping here like I do at Safeway or Fry's, plus most things are cheaper. They seem to constantly run out of the Thai Chicken Noodle Salad though... not sure why they don't order more. Every time they get it in, people buy 5 or 6 boxes of it.
4	Really cool place.  So many yummy things to find there!
5	If you live close, you should shop here. Just a fun place. Staff is very friendly and they really seem to enjoy working at Trader Joe's. Great selection of food.
5	-Good selection.-Convenient parking.-Friendly employees, helpful.-Unique food items.-Good prices, but it adds up if you're not careful.
5	Post sweat session at the LA Fitness next door, this Trader Joe's just starts calling my name, tempting me to stroll through the aisles and pick up some scrumptious yet healthy treats. I almost always give in, and I never regret my choice.Safeway may have those name brand products that TJ's just hasn't quite replicated yet, but I still enjoy going to TJ's more because of their variety and fresh spin on easy to prepare meals. It's a huge plus that they are so affordable, I never feel ripped off by their prices.Their frozen seafood section is AWESOME! Frozen bags of sea creatures (huge scallops, shrimp, langosta tails) at half the price of Safeway? I'm soooo in! The seasoned frozen ahi tuna & salmon fillets are ridiculously flavorful, juicy and high quality. Their snack section is also so much fun to peruse through. There's always some new dip or chip to try out. And I love how they have a sample station & wine tastings too!My Horse Dog adores their peanut butter dog treats. I highly recommend these for other doggie owners as they are decently nutritious and inexpensive. The bottom line - their employee's are just so friendly and always cognizant of check-out line lengths & open up more registers instantly if lines get to long. Keep up the good work TJ's, you make grocery shopping fun (which is hard to do in my book).
3	TJ's is just ok. I'm not entirely sure what people get so worked up about, its a grocery store. I went here last night with list in hand intent on doing my whole weeks worth of shopping here (I generally shop Target for non perishables and household items & Sprouts for all produce, meats things like that) The hubs and I are starting a 7 Day Detox diet and I needed to buy mass amounts of organic products, I knew TJ's would be the place for this so off I went. I was able to purchase most of what I needed, but will have to go to another store for the 5 lingering items on my list, so that's kind of annoying. Things that turned me off and kept me from giving 4 stars: -An employing addressed me as a SIR!!!!! I was wearing a freaken dress with tights and pearls for F's sake, not to mention I hardly look like a man. -I was standing in line when a cashier approached me and asked if I would like to go over to his line, sure I said....He then looked and acted highly annoyed as he rang up my very full cart. Like throwing my items across the counter. I started bagging my stuff up just to get out of there quicker and save him from having a melt down. -The parking lot is dark as hell. I had the closest spot to the store and could barely see to get my keys in the door! Its super scary and unsafe feeling.
4	Trader Joe's is the best. My favorite grocery store, and place to buy wine and organic food. Not a massive selection like Whole Foods, but more affordable pricing. I love that they always have sampling and end caps that feature all the new products. A HUGE parking lot, but gets SUPER busy every night and on weekend. Really friendly employees, the best out of the Trader Joe's I've been to. Overall great place, just don't mind everyone in their sweaty gym outfits from the yoga place or gym next door!
5	Trader Joe's is a constant winner in a sea of shady grocery stores.This Trader Joe's location is tucked away in the Town & Country shopping plaza located in Central Phoenix. The parking lot is pretty action packed, as the parking lot is used for people going to the next door gym.The thing I love about Trader Joe's is the great selection and quality of the food. I'm not sure who is in charge of determining the price of the items there, but I would like to by him/her a beer from the Roosevelt.The store is always very clean and bright, and the employees are really great, and treat customers well, and I have seen some really cool exchanges between regulars and employees- it's that kind of place. I've also noticed the same people shopping there, so there are definitely regulars here.This store is basically perfect, and could only get better if they sold something to help me with my game, because this store is packed with beautiful women, so help me out Trader Joe's and work on that.
4	TJ's is a nice grocery store... clean and convenient.  It's unfortunate that a Whole Foods is so inconveniently located and not all that local, but in the mean time I find everything I need between here and the Safeway on Camelback and 32nd Street.  I enjoy the fact that the produce is fresh, there's a good variety of organics, the prices are reasonable, and they have a decent cheese and wine selection.  The pre-cooked items are pretty tasty as well if you're looking for short cuts when you're too tired, lazy, or just not feeling as though you want to spend the time on cooking.  They seem to pride themselves on quality and informing you, as the consumer, on what you're paying for.The employees have been, for the most part, friendly and helpful.  Check out system is effective and they do a drawing for those who bring their own bags in and raffle gift cards - never won, but hey... there's always a chance!
5	Seriously, what's not to love about Trader Joes? I'm obsessed with so many of their store's products, the prices are CHEAP, the produce is fresh and I always end up with a gorgeous bouquet of flowers on my dining room table after a quick stop. The Trader Joe's pizza dough is wonderful, the wine is cheap and there's just enough stuff in the store to make anything you want but avoid getting overwhelmed. Plus, who doesn't love being recognized and rewarded for using a reusable grocery bag? I just know one day they'll pull my ticket from the fish bowl! ;)
4	I have nothin' to barter...nothin' to trade with ya' Joe, 'cept for my hard earned cash.... While usually finding everything I need between Phoenix Public Market and Sprouts, I stop in at ol' Joe's on occasion. It's always sooo crowded in here, filled with tons of LA Fitness goers, fresh from a workout. Grabbing a cart is usually a waste of time and an annoyance when trying to maneuver through the throngs of people milling about in each aisle, I opt for basket I can carry. The quality of their food here is awesome. Fresh vegetables, lovely meats and cheeses. Their hummus comes in every flavor from plain/original to guacamole (Yes, guacamole hummus!) and their tzaziki  rocks, when I am not up to making my own. My favorite reason to go to Trader Joe's (other than their luscious mini peanut butter cups) is to pick up premade appetizers for gatherings, mini quiche, onion tarts, cocktail wieners in puffed pastry, meatballs. Hell...a few apps and a couple bottles of 2 Buck Chuck and I have a party!
4	The mission statement of Trader Joe's at one time (at least unofficially) was to bring good things to the lifestyles of schoolteachers. That is, to the lives of the educated, discerning yet underpaid. At TJ's you can get things like good table wines, Italian-made pasta, gourmet sauces, and interesting cheese at prices that allow the masses to see how the other half lives. And that's why I've loved the place.It pains me sometimes to think that it's kinda been painted with a wide "health food grocery" brush. In another review I'll go into just WHY I don't want honorable, egalitarian spirit of TJ's corrupted by elitist sneer of effete health-nuts.So yes, I am a fan. I've always gotten a fair deal at TJ's even back when I was struggling to make rent on my studio apartment. I felt they were in my corner, and I still do today. Even though I could easily be an elitist, effete health-nut.
1	overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one. I prefer a Sprouts, Safeway, or Frys.
3	I've been a fan of Trader Joe's for nearly 10 years, but I'm really starting to go off them. 5 out of the last 8 TJ's own brand items I've bought have either gone in the trash, or returned to the store.Quite simply, they make even the basics way to funky.  If you want to buy even basic bread you're out of luck, there's nothing basic and straightforward in taste, only in name. Here's my summary:TJs yoghurt - bad, it just tastes sour with no redeeming features.TJs Pizza's - while I wouldn't kick em out of bed if they farted, they certainly won't be invited back for dinner.  (but I do reckon that the 4 pack of frozen naan is awesome)TJs Sauces - Take away the label and put it to a blind tasted test - you won't be amazed.TJ's curry sauces - frozen ones are sometimes made in india and taste good, the jars of simmer sauces feel "hollow" on flavor. that's they only way I can describe it.TJ Cakes - frozen cakes don't seem nearly as good since I found a few local french bakeries.Cereals - okay, a redeeming feature, nothing wrong here.Cheese - limited selection, expensive, upper middle of the road.TJs Beer - some like the simpler times beer - personally I'll upgrade to malt liquor from Circle K given the choice.TJs Munchies (tortillas, etc) - yep, they're  tasty, the longboard style chips are really good for maximizing the nacho cheese load when dipping.TJs Wine - 2 buck chuck has been know to cause systemic yeast infection (why argue? you know I'm right...) Spend your cheap-ass money elsewhere or you'll end up spending more than you save on monistat and live yoghurt.  The rest of the wine selection is not a problemTJs coffee - some family members like it, but personally I'd rather  go to McDonalds. (That hardly makes me a coffee snob does it?) I just don't like the flavors, at all.TJ Frozen Vegetable and Frozen Fruit - perfect! The frozen mango and petit pois are the main reason I keep coming back.TJs Staff -  Those guys rock! They're helpful, knowledgeable and always give my 3 year old a ballon and a toddler sized shopping cart. What more could you ask for?Overall - specific items of TJ's own brands are a strong hit or a strong miss. You may like some, but you won't like all. It's not a reason to stay away if you get a few duds in your basket, especially since they take back items with no questions asked. If you have a bad experience then don't be a hater, just be more discriminating next time when you make your grocery list.
5	Oh Trader Joe's, you make me feel like a better person than I actually am.  Thanks for the big organic selection.  Thanks for making those chopped salads and hummus flavors in the refrigerated section taste so damn good.  And for carrying delicious swiss dark chocolate with 30% whole hazelnuts.  And for carrying weird crap like Mochi and real cornichons and tangerine juice.  You're the best.  :)
2	I've been to this location a few times now, and I guess it's time for me to write a review of this place.  Honestly, of all the grocery stores big and small here in the Valley, Trader Joes is probably my least favorite.  Over the years, I've tried to like them..trust me, I've TRIED. I just can't get into the Trader Joe's scene.It's not one particular thing that turns me off about Trader Joe's, but maybe its a variety of small things that irk me. For starters, I find thier food selection odd.  Mostly prepackaged stuff, with no deli, meat counter,  and very little name brand stuff.  I know I know, I don't need to buy every single thing name brand, but there are some things name brand that I prefer over others.  Plus, when I buy lunch meat, I want to go to a Deli Counter and get it, which they do not have.  Just prepackaged meats n cheeses.I tend to buy mostly sandwiches here during lunch hour.  Their fair priced, and right there.  The first few times I went here, I was getting a Tuna Sandwich on whitebread.  I liked it, and started buying it on a regular basis.  Then, they stopped making it.  Why?  I dunno, but I haven't seen it in like 3 weeks.  Just when I start liking something, it vanishes.  Now all they have are tuna wraps, but they arent as good as the sandwiches.As for grocery shopping on a weekly basis, I will probably never be a regular here.  The reason I frequent this Trader Joe's is because its A) close to my office, B) there's a decent sandwhich selection readily available, and C) thier staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	I had heard about Trader Joe's back in Texas where it does not exist (yet). SO, having come out to Phoenix and finding it I was all too excited to check it out. I am very pleased with it. This particular location has that outpost/trader store look and feel. They are basically a mini version of Whole Foods or Sprouts minus all the fancy extras and a lower cost. I love the options. The sparkling mineral water for $.99. The Olive Oil for $4.99. The curry simmer sauce for $2.29. The ground turkey for $3. Organic foods at average prices. I am  not sure how they do it, but it seems to be working and I think it is wonderful. I cannot wait till this store hits Texas. I know it will be a hit. Hell it would almost be worth living in Phoenix just to have Trader Joe's and Total Wine. LOL
4	A Trader Joe's with a good parking lot, what a gold mine!  All the great things about Trader Joe's are to be found here.  The gym next door helps bring in some good looking customers.
5	Love Trader Joe's! A strong chain with a local grocery store feel. Their variety of stocked goods caters to many dietary needs like gluten-free, low sodium, low-fat, low carb, lactose free, etc. I love to go there for fresh fruits and veggies as well. This place attracts a wide range people from different lifestyles, backgrounds, ethnicities, creeds, and eccentricities. Just go with it, it's part of the experience and the $2 wine and $3-buck Chuck really help. :) YOU MUST TRY: 1. Mochi! If you've never had it the time has come!! Mochi is overlooked by everyone who's never had exposure to Asian candy and dessert. Ask one of the employees about their Mochi Ice Cream! You'll be glad you did! 2. Gluten-Free Granola. If you have a sensitivity to gluten, but have a hard time finding snack items that taste good, look no further. Even though I'm not celiac or gluten sensitive I find this treat hard to resist. 3. Fat-Free Greek Yogurt. Obviously this won't be an option for my lactose-free and vegan friends, but with a little bit of Stevia you can have quite a healthy, weight-concious, and satisfying meal (It takes me half a container to fill me up [blush], you may need less). 4. Dried Mango slices with Chili. For people not familiar with Central and South American treats, this is gonna sound weird...maybe even blasphemous, but you must sample at least once; I'm sure glad I did! (There are other dried fruits with chili on them too which I also recommend :) 5. CHEESE! I love cheese, and there is a surprisingly diverse selection of good ones here. I almost have to avoid the area of the store completely or I'll come home with tons of it.
4	Love their Cream Top milk and I think Trader Joes is the only place in the Valley to get it.  Makes great cheeses at home !
5	What's not to love about Trader Joe's? Everyone who works there is really pleasant and their produce and other items are great and reasonably priced. Their Salad mixes are awesome and are what I'm currently hooked on.
3	The staff are great and always very available and helpful.They have good prices on cheese and my "go to" place for odd ingredients. They have good prices on flowers.Suggestion: Go to Trader's Joe's on a Wednesday between 10:00am and 2:00pm and you can take advantage of the fresh produce outside at the farmer's market, then go in and shop for your other products.
5	Everyone loves Trader Joe's. And if you don't, there is something wrong with you. How a larger chain grocery store manages to keep a local vibe is beyond me. Good for you TJ. I was especially excited for my move to AZ knowing there's a Trader Joe's there. Utah doesn't carry them but from what I hear, that's about to change. Now, I am 5 minutes from TJ and I love it. The produce is always fresh and holy CHEAP! Asian Pears for 99 cents a piece?! I'll take a whole cartload please. I can't believe how amazing the produce quality is along with the amazing prices. Two Asian Pears at Whole Foods would have cost me my first born and my left foot. What I love more than anything about Trader Joe's is that they carry things you would never ever ever find at an ordinary grocery store. I HATE shopping at Fry's or anywhere comparable to Fry's because... "Why?..." I think to myself.  The quality of selection, produce, price point and lets mention their ALWAYS upbeat employees puts Trader Joe's at the top of my list. I heart you Trader Joe's and I'm glad you're right up  the street from me.
3	Sorry to say after years of shopping at TJ's I was disappointed in the latest two salads we purchased.  The lettuce was bad and since it was late at night and we were hungry we didn't save to take back but just picked out the bad lettuce.  The use by date was 11/2 so it was already bad when we bought it on 11/1 as we ate them right away.Will make sure I check dates next time.
1	Bought an apple pie and it went moldy in two days. Brie was expensive and the worst tasting I've ever had.
5	We love, love, love Trader Joe's. And more so, this location. (Have you ever been to the PV location? Not so good.) Parking here is great and the employees are usually really friendly. We do 98% of our grocery shopping here (the other 2% split between the occasional Costco or Target item). Here's a breakdown of why we're here 2-3 times weekly:Fresh flowers and basil plants - quality and price can't be beat.Cheese selection - they have a ridiculously good amount of varying cheeses. The fresh mozzarella in water, goat cheese, parmigianno-regianno blend, whole milk ricotta, blueberry vanilla goat cheese (um, spread this on a graham cracker and tell me it isn't the best 'cheesecake' you've ever had), mexican shredded blend, gruyere and sharp cheddar, gloucester chive and cheddar....are just a few in our regular rotation. Staples - eggs, milk, cheese, bread, yogurt, peanut butter and jelly, tofu, frozen fruits and vegetables, hummus, pasta and grains, condiments, baking items, Clif bars, bacon, canned goods, pizza dough, crackers, instant oatmeal, frozen hash browns....to name more than a few. Produce - love their bagged salads (and kale!), and they have a good selection of organic produce that's not wildly expensive. Much of the produce is pricier than say, Sprouts. However, I'd rather just pick it up at TJ's and not spend my time and gas running to Sprouts to save the difference. The only qualm I have with their produce is nearly everything is packaged. If they got rid of their packaging they'd be going green and saving their consumers money. I also wouldn't have to deal with 2 out of my 5 apples being badly bruised due to the fact I couldn't individually select them.Alcohol - we don't really purchase any alcohol here but good ol' 2 (okay, 3) buck Chuck. And also, I like their $5 Blanc de Blanc champagne. We purchase all of our other alcohol at Total Wine down the street. ....the only thing that's sometimes a bummer is more often than not, if you go later in the evening, they're out of a lot of items. Sometimes they're fully stocked, and sometimes they're out of half a dozen things on my list. It's pretty hit or miss at night, so we've just learned to go earlier in the day. I think part of the reason we are able to grocery shop here almost exclusively is we have just tailored our eating habits to what we can buy here. We rarely eat processed foods to bring home, and we do majority of our own cooking. It took us a while to get comfortable only shopping at TJ's (we used to do the Safeway, Sprouts, Costco AND Target runs), but now it's easier to make the one stop a couple of times a week rather than spend an entire day running around to stock up. Plus, my three year old loves the mini carts, samples (she knows they're in the back), and stickers she gets at the registers.
5	This location feels like the perfect spot for a TJs.  It just fits the area, we have been to the one at Arrowhead and it feels a little out of place up there.  But at Camelback and 20th its just the right fit.  I always like to buy one new thing when doing a large grocery shop and am always pleased!  Here are a few of our Favs: Peanut Butter Cream CheeseFresh Motz Cheese Balls Chocolate Jo JosGarlic Herb Pizza DoughThese are just to name a few.  Trader Joes knows how to do a unique, fun, healthy market.
5	Who doesn't love trader joes?
5	You have to love Trader Joes, they have so much to choose from.                   However, you  do have to read the labels because, a lot of the food items are from China.     I am not digging that. I think they have gotten a little bit better than they used to be with that.    A lot of their fish at one time was from China. You get to fill out a coupon for your chance in a raffel for each bag you bring in when shopping. Which is  always a  good incentive.  Food is fresh and good. Everything is a good price ,including the  Vino.  Sometimes  they even have fabulous samples!
5	I really dig this place.  They have a lot to offer for such a small wittle store.  I am definitely in love with the low prices on flowers and plants, as I like to give my lady love pretty things from time to time.  The food is quite swell, with their vast selection of fresh and frozen goods, produce, meats, cheeses, wine (they have local wines!!), personal hygiene items, snacks, desserts, and so on.  The staff is always always ALWAYS very friendly and helpful, and just have a general sense of rad...like they enjoy their job.  I feel this review is short, but ain't it sweet?  Keep up the greatness guys!
5	Been a Trader Joes fan since the 80s!   This location is fan flipping tastic.Mainly because everyone who works here are super cool ...and will bend over backwards to answer your questions... or walk you to where your object of desire happens to be.   LOVE shopping here!
5	Just moved into the area and went to this location. It was so busy but staff was very helpful as I'm not used to this store and couldn't find the things I usually get. One time I went to another store and there was a demo of waffles with pomegranate seeds and yoghurt on it.  At this store there was a  sample with Belgian waffles, strawberries, and whipped cream...delicious!  So I bought the waffles and they were so cheap! I also love their Mediterranean feast meal. They have so many different items and prices are very reasonable. I find that I go to Trader Joe's a lot because of the variety of products and the atmosphere. I highly recommend Trader Joe's.
5	I love TJ's. It's pretty much my go-to grocery stop. I end up picking up a few things elsewhere but I'm attached to some Trader Joe's standbys that I just can't do without, and they're a great place to grab a sandwich or salad or whatever if you're running errands on your lunch break. I confess: I have eaten an entire party sushi plate from Trader Joe's in one sitting. No shame. Their chocolate spread is better than Nutella, imo, and I love their various nut butters. The wines are well priced and there's a good selection range depending on what you're purchasing for. I honestly think their cheese section has the best prices in town. I always have a current Trader Joe's addiction, right now it's the Wasabi Seaweed snacks. Spicy, light, perfect! Although now I'm thinking about their whoopie pies and coffee cake... and fruit floes... clearly, I need to make Trader Joe's run this weekend.
4	I love getting my Pirate Booty from here (the puffs people) and the ready made pizzas, pretty much everything that they have ready made is really good. The store can get pretty crowded, especially during the dinner hour rush. Employees are friendly and I recommend you take advantage of the samples throughout the store. Come hungry!
5	Love this place. Always great, interesting and new healthy things to try.  Impeccably clean and staff is always friendly.
4	I was not feeling very well when I was at this TJ's. However, the staff was exceptionally friendly and helped me find everything I needed!The prices are average for TJ's, but it is all quality ingredients.
5	I love this Trader Joe's. The location could not be any better given that it is located right next to LA Fitness where I end up after a hard workout.The staff is exceptional friendly (Kat, Jade ,Andrea, Kamal,Betty ,Joey Lance............ 5 Stars to all of you!!)Best selection of cheeses and wines and the TV dinners are also awesome.Betty keep up the good work serving those dishes and Kat thanks for the wine.I 'll be back for more.Colton Bauer
5	Only real food left in this country is trader joe unless you run your own farm
4	I've always been a big fan of TJ's and I really enjoy this particular location. They do tastings of wines and treats quite frequently and they always have fresh coffee out. I look forward to getting the "Fearless Flyer" in the mail so I can see what new goods they are carrying each week. They have some great seasonings and spices that you can't find in any other stores. I also love the fact that the servings sizes are always small, so it works perfectly for single gals or couples. Their produce section can be lacking variety, but whatever they carry is always fresh and in season. They also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley. I can't do all my shopping here due to the lack of toiletries and cleaning products, but if I am looking strictly for week night meals this is the perfect place.
5	This is my favorite TJ. I love this TJ, bcs it is larger, has a better selection,  and looks cleaner. Love the hummus and wine collection they have here .
5	I know, I know...  Fans of Trader Joe's can be a bit extreme.  I get it.  But this 5 star rating is based purely on this store's amazing customer service.  I felt like a "regular" on my second visit.  By this time, many of the store's assocates know me and my wife.  They always trust their opinions and they make going to the grocery store a good experience.Plus, the food, wine, beer, and produce is incredable.
5	Dear Trader Joes in my 'hood,I love you. Love is a strong word but I love you. No one will ever beat you in the grocery department. EVER. Shortest review I have ever written, because love simply says it all. Love,Me :)
5	If you have not been to Trader Joes then you are missing out.  The reason why I say that is because everything at their store is awesome.  First the employees are amazing.  They are always asking you if you need help or just saying hi and welcome to Trader Joes.  Second the store is not that big and you can be in & out of the store in 15 minutes.  Last but not least the prices on everything in the store are excellent.    So, if you are looking for a grocery store.  You should totally go to Trader Joes.    My favorites that I get at Trader Joes is the sugar free chocolate, hummus and the instant coffee.  Happy Yelping.
3	Like another Yelper said, "a Trader Joe's is a Trader Joe's", however this location is a little on the dark side and laid out kinda funky. Instead of walking into the produce department right when you walk in the door, BAM! You walk into a display of some sort or someone handling out samples. Produce is just a quick turn to the right.I wasn't looking for really anything in particular, just a cold drink and a snack. Cold drinks? Where are the freaking cold drinks? I asked one of the employees (crew members?) and he told me they had water in produce. Meh...not really what I wanted but I got a water anyway. Grabbed some pita chips and the olive hummus and I was good to go. (The hummus was awesome, btw.)I came in on a weekday, mid-morning, so check out was pretty quick. There were a lot of people working, not a lot of people shopping.
5	Even before I moved to this CenPho neighborhood I've been an enthusiastic customer of this store - most of the times that I happened to be in the area I'd come in and shop. The foods, wines, and household goods are high-quality and very reasonably priced. They have a good variety of specialty items, including gluten-free foods. I especially like their well-prepared cold foods such as salads and wraps. The whole store has a brightness and comfortable feel about it that I like, and this is because the spaciousness of the store and the visual appeal of the merchandise, as well as the very friendly and helpful staff working there.
5	Clean, had some pretty good prices and a lot of the goods. And like the variety of not norm grocery items, plus the friendly staff was helpful.
5	What's not to love at Trader's! 5 Stars all around! It is always friendly and clean at this location.  Trader's has a great selection in produce, meat, dairy, nuts and don't forget about the snacks. Everything is priced just right and no other store can ever beat that.  My weekly spot to food shop :)
5	Everyone I have encountered working here is friendly and helpful.  They were very busy this evening but made sure all registers were open and everything was well stocked.  Great soup sample, which we ended up buying.  Holiday Joe Joes have arrived!!!!
5	Probably my favorite grocery store. I used to be a Safeway shopper but see no reason to ever return there after discovering TJ's. Also, my food choices have recently become better and TJ's tends to cater to the health oriented crowd with their wide array of vegetarian and organic offerings. The staff at this store is friendly and there is a good positive energy as soon as you walk through the doors. This store is often crowded but the line tends to move fast.
4	I don't live close to a Trader Joe's, so any time I get near one I have to go in and look around.  They also have a few items I can't find anywhere else, such as their garlic olive oil that is very reasonably priced, and their Simply Almonds, Cashews, and Mango Trek Mix.  Love that stuff.  South Chandler/Ocotillo/Fulton Ranch really needs a TJ's.  This one was similar to all the others, but the aisles seemed to be a little bit wider, which was nice.  Always fun to shop at Trader Joe's.
2	Love TJ's as we have been loyal customers since 1988 in SoCal. Their private label items are unique and well thought out.Hummus always a fav, yet they have a new line of Smooth and Creamy ClassicHummus. This was so unlike their normal offerings.  Has a very weird taste profile not akin to anything hummus like.Hoping someone in their product development group takes a closer look at this item.
5	They just have the nicest staff of any grocery store I've ever been to. Always kind, and helpful, and smiling. It's pretty darn pleasant. I've memorized the entire store of course. They do bring seasonal items, which are a delight to the seasoned trader joe people like myself. For you veggie people out there : Great prices on non-dairy milks, also offer delicious vanilla soy ice-cream, gluten free chocolate cupcakes, gf tortillas & bread, earth balance, a super spinach salad (in cold case), and GF minestrone soup (seasonal but there now and soooo good!).Enjoy.
5	Very nice staff! It's always packed in here & I'm not surprised! Quality food! Lots of options! I absolutely love the vegan options as well as the GMO-free foods (all Trader Joe's brand is GMO-free). I have to say the prices are greats as well! Love TJ's!!
5	This TJs location seems bigger/better than others. The layout of the store is wider and seems as though it has more inventory.I did try a new Grab-n-Go salad the other day and am hooked! Try the Spicy Lemon Chicken w/Morrocan couscous. Believe there was some quinoa in there also for more substance and protein. :)Friendly associates and unique/healthy food are always comforting to me. I still don't know why they ring that bell. Anyone? Is it a congratulatory jingle for bringing in your own bags bc your eco-friendly? Is it because you were the 100th customer and get some sort of prize? Maybe next time, I should ask.
5	They carry such a great selection of healthy foods, and always have a sampling table of something great!The prices are awesome too!
4	Always nice visiting a trader joes no matter what state or city you find yourself, nice workers ready to answer questions.Stores are always clean and spacious.Picked up a Arizona grocery bag for $1, value!Got a few snacks and crackers for my ride home.
4	Been a fan of TJ's since my first visit back in ABQ. This place is more than just a grocery store, you can find great deals on fresh flowers, laundry detergent and stuff for your four legged friends! I usually stock up on regional beer and coffee and the wife likes getting her spices, chips and cookies as well. This location was quaint and very clean! Smaller than the one back in ABQ but everything we wanted or needed was here as well.
5	Since the positives outweigh the negatives by a considerable amount, I'll get it out of the way and say that if Trader Joe's had a more extensive meat department it would be a one-stop-shop for me. The store brand quality never disappoints, the staff is knowledgeable and friendly, and prices are very affordable. That you're greeted by their beautiful selection of flowers, herbs, and other types of foliage and later welcomed to try one of their delicious concoctions cooking in the back is just icing on this mindful preparation of grocery and household offerings. The store is always clean and while it's usually crowded at the times I visit, I'm rarely bothered. A friendly place like Trader Joe's seems to attract friendly patrons. If my bright blue insulated tote happens to bump into your bright blue insulated tote while I'm deliberating over the vast cheese or nuts selections, we'll probably exchange smiles instead of middle fingers.The folks who work here are approachable and extremely helpful. While I don't regularly drink wine, I find it a nice touch that a personable sommelier is available in the event I need a crash course on pairing and someone can recommend a high fiber cereal.Some of my favorite products:-Salsa Authentica-Cowboy Cavier-Vegan trail mix cookies-All-in-one facial cleanser-Cruciferous crunch-Coconut cashews-TJ's brand almond milk-Spinach and fontina chicken sausage-Spicy peanut vinaigrette-Roasted red pepper soup
4	I come here for the olive oil but I always find a few more necessities...like The best Vitamin C powder, cheap bananas and dark chocolate covered almonds with sea salt!  Those are SO yummy!!!  The staff is always very helpful!
5	I am a person in the customer service industry, so I always have very high hopes for stores and other business and am usually left felt something was lacking.NOT in this case!!! I was in quite a rush, boss was sick, and I went to go get them something to feel better. (because who likes a cranky boss? lol)  I was kind of lost when I walked into the store.  I saw this young woman rushing through, believe her name was "Amber" pretty sure she was a assistant manager, (not positive) and just asked her a simple question.  Not only did she answer it she walked me to the location, asked what else we should get, walked me there, and gave me some other GREAT ideas!!! THEN she even asked me, "You look like your in a hurry, can I help you ring out to make this even quicker for you."  I was stunned, pretty sure my mouth dropped open a little. I have never EVER been asked at a grocery store if they can speedy check me out.  She was quick and efficient.  This very attractive young lady deserves all the credit in the world!!!  I am eternally great full to her, mostly because the boss was very happy, lol.  I will recommend this location to everyone I encounter. OUTSTANDING SERVICE!!! Ms whoever you are, thank you again!
5	Great place for groceries. It is affordable which is a major plus (like their .19 cent bananas) and always convenient. I definitely recommend stopping in for a quick lunch. Pick up a salad or a ready made wrap and lunch is as good as done. Plus they have silverware and napkins right by the exit so you are all set!
5	Love this store...can't get enough of it. I have been going to Trader Joe's for years. This store always makes me happy. From great recepies idea to great selections of groceries. Staff is really friendly as well. Thumbs up Trader Joe on Camelback Rd!
5	Clean, great selection, and super friendly service. Just the kind of things you would expect at a Trader Joe's.
4	If you have been to Trader Joe's before, you know the experience should be consistent EVERY SINGLE TIME you go. This particular TJ's was organized, the staff was friendly, their products were in line with the expectations that I would have for any TJ's. Their produce was fresh and I COULDN'T leave without getting some Cookie Butter - OH SNAP! Trader Joe's is definitely a cool place with a variety of options and when there is one close, I would definitely choose it over the "mega supermarket" chains. Oh yeah, and they are always willing to open something so you can try it out before you buy it... how cool is that!
5	Can we just sit down for a minute and talk about Cookie Butter?  Are you seated?  Ok.  If you have yet to try this delicious invention, please direct yourselves to the nearest Trader Joes and buy yourself a bottle.  It will not break the bank, for less than $10 you can get a bottle of this delicious concoction (like a spreadable gingerbread / cinnamon butter), a box of graham crackers and some apples.  Don't do this type of thing all the time, 'cause diabetes, but next time you have a party and need a suggestion for what to bring, this is for sure a party pleaser.  On top of this, TJ always has great stuff to eat and drink.  A decent selection of beer (although every time I go I wish it was a tad more diverse) and wine, and fresh produce (most of it with organic options).The staff is almost annoyingly friendly (not quite to Oregano's standards, but you get the picture)... and their stores are always clean and tidy.  Even if all you do is walk in and buy a bottle of Cookie Butter (stay away from the cocoa swirl, it's too much cocoa and not enough cookie butter) you won't regret it.
5	I love Trader Joes. I do all my shopping between here and Sprouts on Indian School. This is the only place I don't feel like a bother asking questions to the staff. They are so friendly and at the checkout they ask questions and we always have a nice conversation. I love that they always have new items as well!
5	The best trader joes I've ever been to! Everyone is so helpful and friendly! Plus I've had to instances come up where I either forgot my wallet or had car issues, not only did they let me hold my cart of food in the back BUT they also let me use their phones and helped me as I waited for AAA-- fantastic people! On the foodie side, they're always willing to discuss what you are looking for and make recommendations.  PLUS the flowers are always BEAUTIFUL!
4	Wonderful TJ's in the same strip mall as Whole Foods.  Wow.  So I got my staples here for my trip to Sedona:  water, a great country vegetable salad with grains, tofu, sesame oil to cook it in, and some veggies for stir fry.  So happy I found this store.
5	Great location! It's the perfect walk from our place to grab some lunch. Everyone is always so nice and the food is always great!
4	Traders is a fun store. While it does not have everything i need when i go shopping, it does have some really great specialty items and loads of bachelor food. I am a loyal fan and always will be.
4	Stopped in for some emergency supplies. (Emergency as in there was only butter in my fridge and I had one roll of toilet paper.) The employees were lovely as always, colorful, fresh fruit and vegetables greeted me and I scored in the free coffee & food that was available to sample. Trader Joe's never fails to delight and, of course, I purchased more beer and wine that is humanly necessary. Trader Joe's doesn't need a review. Of course a visit here is wonderful. This is a definite favorite of mine!
5	This is the best Trader Joe's I've ever been too and it's crowded for a reason!I've been here a couple of times this past week, addicted much? From their fresh flowers, produce, meat, snacks to drinks I don't think I've gotten something here I didn't quite like. Hell, even the frozen meals are ... what's that term again? Bomb (dot) com!This location is packed, so you may have trouble going through the aisles but it's all worth it. TJ's has great prices and great products. I love their little sample stations and I was graced with being able to try their Spiced Chevre and Gluten Free Blueberry Muffins which were so amazing I grabbed the Chevre ASAP!The workers here are so incredibly amazing and helpful. Whenever I'm staring into the products neatly, lining the shelves I'm approached and given recommendations if need be. The cashiers are awesome as well!Definitely will be coming here for all my cheap grocery needs and fantastic customer service. Don't forget to bring your eco friendly bag! :-)
5	Love love love this Trader Joe's. Their flowers are amazing and CHEAP! They have these little chocolate covered banana bites ("Gone Bananas" try them!) amongst other goodies that are so yummy. Besides the great prices and unique finds, the customer service is superb. I'm pretty sure there is not one unfriendly employee! They are always quick and eager to help. So glad I work in the plaza :) see you soon Trader joe's!
5	I love this TJ's. Staff is awesome and always greets you with a smile. They all take pride in their food and have some great suggestions for recipes. It's also convenient as it's a great place to grab some food after my workouts since la fitness is right next door!
5	I can't say enough amazing things about this Trader Joes. The other day I went to the store to get my groceries done, which I really enjoy. After spending over an hour picking up everything I needed, finally I made it to the friendly register personnel. She was amazing. All my groceries bagged and what do you know... My debit card does not go through . I don't have back up card. After she tried couple of times and no luck, she asks for the manager to help her. They tried every possible option but no luck. It was a debit card from Chase and I had this problem before. So I decide to call them. Long story short, they couldn't do anything because their system were down. Horrible, I couldn't use my own money. Enough about awful Chase, I am writing this review about my all time favorite grocery store. I apologized to them and told them my hideous bank can not do anything since their systems were down. I felt bad that they will have to put all of the groceries back. They said no need to apologize and said they were sorry I had to go trough the hassle. Not only that they showed sympathy but the manager would not let me leave the store without packing some dinner on Trader Joe's. How amazing are they?I was bit embarrassed  of the whole situation even though it was clearly my banks fault, I must say Trader Joe's took that away and made me feel comfortable and safe. Thank you Trader Joe's for being you, for being simply the best!!!
5	This is my stop on the way home 1-2 times per week.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  We love the natural selections and variety that can be changed up every week or so.  Hope that they get the TJ's Coconut Water in again soon!
3	I love Trader Joe's and always choose to visit a Trader Joe's in addition to your generic grocery stores. Entering a Trader Joe's is like going on a little vacation. They have unique products at a reasonable price. I always find something new and delicious! Sadly, this is not my favorite Trader Joe's location because of their parking. Not only is their parking lot always very crowded, but the customers going in and out of the spots don't seem to pay much attention. I almost got hit and hit someone all in one visit. I will continue to visit Trader Joe's, but just not this location!
5	A basic, super busy Trader Joe's that has everything you look for in a Trader Joe's and then some.Parking lot is a bit of a nightmare because of the Whole "Paycheck" Foods and the 24 Hour Fitness next door, in addition to the tons of other shops in this plaza, but midday on a Friday was fairly manageable.I just ran in for some milk and juice, but got side-tracked by the pre-made foods and ended up bringing home several yummy wraps for lunches. At under $4, they make the perfect (cheap) lunch!I was also side-tracked several times by the abundance of holiday items they have displayed at the front of the store, especially the dark chocolate caramels. Caramels . . . my personal Achilles heal. I managed to withstand the temptation this trip, but I'm still thinking about them several hours later so I see a return trip in my future, especially since these kind of treats are usually gone once the holidays are over.Aisles are a bit small but not any more that usual and two carts can easily pass without incident. Managed to bypass the cheese and wine sections with no damage (a feat in itself) and found an open check stand with no problems. Cashier was friendly and quick and I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.I love Trader Joe's and each visit reminds me why. Great food, great prices, unique items . . . this T.J.'s has it all!
4	The parking for this location can be a madhouse because it's located in a very busy strip mall and largely due to the construction surrounding it. But in TJ fashion, it won't disappoint with all the usual goodies that make you feel so adult and domesticated shopping here. Staff is always awesomely happy and helpful.
5	Due to the fact that my boyfriend is a chef I am often given a list if unusual items to locate, this time it was a certain type of goats milk. I called several different grocery stores and none carried the item I was looking for except Trader Joe's!! They also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie. Thanks Trader Joe's you saved the day!
