5	I initially went to Jill for her prices but now see her on a regular basis for her amazing skill and the heart she puts into her job. Not only is Jill a very down to earth person but an excellent massage therapist! I admit that I am addicted to massages and due to my addiction have been to many hotel and shopping mall spa's all over town. I can honestly say Jill is the best massage therapist I have ever had! She is extremely accessible and truly listens to your needs and requests. I have recommend Jill to everyone I know and every time someone visits her for the first time all they can say is "wow."
5	I got my first professional massage ever yesterday by Jill.  It was perfect! I had been having lower back pain and was completely stressed out.  I finally relaxed and I feel much better...even my back pain has gone down.  I'd recommend Jill to anyone who asked about a massage therapist! Thanks Jill!
5	I am writing this review because I took my boyfriend to Jill for a massage.  It was a bit of a trek for us and he was totally unaware of where we were going or what we were doing since this was a surprise birthday present.  As soon as we walked in Jill's front door, she greeted us so warmly.  We forgot about the drive and that gorgeous, relaxing spa smell wafted out.  She gets five stars because when the massage was over, I asked my boyfriend how he really liked it (he's a brutally honest dude) and he said that it was the best massage he's ever had and that he definitely wants to continue going to Jill.  He certainly isn't one to pamper himself either.  Success!!!  Thank you so much Jill for making this gift a memorable one!
5	I have been to numerous massage therapists, and Jill beats them by a mile. I have been seeing Jill for the last year an a half, and each time I've gone to someone else due to schedule conflicts or whatnot, I'm disappointed each time. She has extremely reasonable prices and an easy location to get to. She is very friendly and professional as well. I am always referring her for massages, and I cannot rave about her enough! I work in a high stress position, and I tend to get a lot of knots in my shoulders and back. She definitely gets them all out. No one else comes close!
5	Love Jill and all she stands for.  Her Business name says it all "Be Well", she lives and stands for making sure we lead a healthy and happy life.  I highly recommend her to anyone looking for the Best in West Massage Therapist.  Thanks Jill!!!
5	I have dealt with horrible back pain for most of my life, mostly due to a head tilt resulting from a severe vision impairment. My joints are also super wonky... I'm a total mess. Jill knows how to make my body forget about all of that. You may look at this petite woman and think that she couldn't possibly have the strength to give you some serious deep tissue work. Think again. Jill has some impressive strength and knows how to use it. Her techniques are custom to your needs, but for me, she successfully combines relaxation with intense deep tissue massage to give my body everything it needs to have full range of motion, relieve joint pain, and walk out of there with posture my mama would be proud of. I should also mention that Jill is extremely professional, courteous and her facilities are clean and comfortable. She can speak anatomy like a med student. Her smile will brighten your day. I can't say enough good things about the massage experience I get with Be Well Professional Therapy. I make sure I see Jill every time I visit Las Vegas (which is a few times per month for work) and I feel so fortunate to have found her!
5	I was so impressed very professional and relaxing!  I was referred by my sister and I tell all my friends that they should go to BE WELL.
5	Never in my time as a Yelper have I ever found a business (whether it would be a store, restaurant, monkey spanking service or what have you) rated at a full 5 stars in every review, NEVER. If that's the case, she's got to be good, right? The answer is: YES SIR.I've been having severe back pains and was in dire need of some help to alleviate it so I told my husband about my findings and we booked appointments with Jill the following weekend.Jill has a nice setup, decor and all. The moment that you walk in, to the moment you walk out, you're in a comfortable, professional environment and she's uber friendly!This may sound a bit cliche but dammit, it's true: "It's nothing like you've ever had before". She customizes your massage to whatever your needs are. That, coupled with the fact that she is knowledgeable, educates you, listens to what is going on with you and takes the time to show that she really cares about getting you on your way to "Be Well" is something that sets Jill apart. Such an awesome name! After my massage, I felt so damn relaxed, more than I have ever felt after a massage. There is not another place out here that could ever change my mind about going to them, Jill @Be Well is where I'm going to from now on. My husband and I continued talking about our experience hours afterwards! We really likey!To all the massaginists (Glee reference) in Las Vegas, Jill has set the bar pretty high, you guys are pretty much screwed as far as I'm concerned lol.
4	Having moved here from Ohio, I was looking for a good massage therapist. After reading on Yelp about Jill I gave her a try. She did a wonderful 90 min. massage. Her knowledge about stretching muscles daily was very helpful; holding a stretch for 40 seconds was new to me. I now go for a massage every three weeks, always looking forward to an excellent experience. I highly recommend Jill to anyone for a great relaxing massage.
5	Jill. Be Well Professional Therapy. So much to say.  I found Jill after I learned I was pregnant with my first child. Prenatal massage rose to the top of my priority list and I wanted to patronize a "someone" rather than a corporation which, in Las Vegas, is sometimes hard to do. Destiny lead me to Jill who happened to be only a few miles from my home. My first enounter with her showed me that she was truly a professional, and that she took her craft seriously. I called to schedule a massage with her prematurely (before the end of my first trimester) and she actually refused to see me priror to getting my doctor's clearance. Done. And my confidence in her rose exponentially. When I was finally able to see her, I scheduled a 60 minute massage and left there happier than I thought possible. She is, without a doubt, the best massage therapist I've encountered in both Nevada and California in the 15 years I've been getting massages. At the beginning of each visit, she asked me about my aches, and actually listened to my answers. She attended not only to my achy prego needs , but also to my baby during each visit. I saw her twice a month throughout my pregnancy, and then once a week for 90 minute massages during my last trimester (oh how I needed it!).  And I ultimately gave birth to a beautiful baby girl who defies the decription "good baby." My child is truly happy and incredibly content, she sleeps well and fusses only if she's truly hungry or wet. And she's been smiling since the day she was born. And I brag about her in order to brag about Jill. I truly beleve in the power of positve energy, and Jill brought that to my pregnancy. And to my daughter. as she prepared to enter this crazy and chaotic world.  And I will never be able to thank Jill enough for all that she contributed to my pregnancy. She is amazing.
5	It is said in an ancient Vedic myth that ten gurus from all over the Indus Valley used to inhabit a cave deep within the strata of the frigid Himalayas. These beacons of wisdom, by their oceanic depths of compassion, would sit in constant meditation to cultivate the fervor of loving kindness in all sentient beings across the earth. Utterly dedicated in their pursuit, they sat perfectly unperturbed in stillness fueled by a cosmic love of all creation. Each one eventually passed on and the last remaining guru continued his passionate samadhi. Then the dissipating master whispered these final words as his soul left towards the embrace of the Universe: "Jill Kerner is amazeballs."It is a quiet secret among the Las Vegas locale that these benevolent gurus have reincarnated and live on as her ten fingers, still dispensing their boundless love.Abridged: the best massage I ever had in my life.
5	I have had some very good and not-so-good massages over the years...Jill's massage was for sure, in the "very good" catagory. It was both a relaxing and problem-fixing massage which meant that by the time I left, I was pretty spaced out with some knott-free muscles. BTW, I always know a massage was good if I am spaced out by the end.Me and my girlfriend chose the 60 minute massage. If I had to do it over again, I would have gone with the 90 minute massage. If you are like me, you can be a bit hesitant to book a longer massage on your first visit because you're not sure how it will be. My advice is to do it!Lastly, Jill's pricing is very reasonable. Both me and my girlfriend found it to be a great value which in Vegas, can be hard to come by!
5	I started going to Jill because I'd been having tension headaches every day for over a month and I'd been to 3 chiropractors and 6 massage therapists with little to no improvement. As soon as she started working on me I breathed a sigh of relief because I could immediately tell Jill was making progress where others had failed. Sure enough, after my session, my headaches vanished!I've been seeing her weekly since. :)She's worked her magic on my sciatica and a more recent lower back injury that had me barely able to walk. After my session with Jill I could not believe the improvement! Almost 100% pain free! Aside from being an excellent therapist for injuries/pain etc. Jill also gives the most relaxing massage ever! I swear I've never been so relaxed in my life. I'm pretty sure her hands have magical powers.Jill is the best massage therapist I've ever been to and that's saying something! I've been to at least 20 different massage therapists in 5 different states.Whether you're wanting to work on something specific or you just want an unbelievably relaxing massage...I can't recommend Jill enough!
5	I have referred Jill to most of my family and friends. She is awesome at what she does and has done her research!! No matter what issue I'm having, whether it be asthma or anxiety, ect, Jill has got a remedy for it!! Her massages are top notch and I can never get enough!! So usually I'll schedule a 90 min. session. I just recently purchased hour long massages for practically the whole family. I'm sure they'll also be very pleased! Personally, I've been seeing Jill for a few years now and I wouldn't switch up therapists for anyone else :) I would have checked in at her location yesterday, but for her safety I decided to bookmark this page, and write my review later...
5	I've had numerous massages of different modalities in various cities over the years and Jill really is exceptional.  I don't have any major body issues, but I work long hours on my feet and I get tweaks here and there.  Jill is a professional, so she's going to have you fill out a health questionnaire and ask about various areas of your body.  Only all natural and/or organic products are used.  Lying on a heated massage table during winter was so soothing.  During my treatments, Jill would use various hot compresses to get my knots to loosen up.  I liked the way she'd incorporate a bit of reflexology into the treatments too.  Sessions were overall relaxing but she's not afraid to go deeper into problem areas.  Afterwards, I'd sleep like a baby and felt able to move much easier the next day.  If you can afford to go with the 90 minute massage, it is well worth it.
5	I have chronic back pain along with other issues relating to an autoimmune disorder (reactive arthritis). For years I visited countless doctors, tried all kinds of treatments (both Western and other), and I have found that one of the few things that gives me some relief is massage. I have tried many massage therapists in the Las Vegas area, and Jill is without a doubt the best! Unlike other therapists, it is obvious that Jill really cares about her clients and her work. She listens to (and remembers!) my specific issues, and tailors the massage accordingly. Jill is a natural healer who radiates positive energy. With very little guidance from me, she consistently and intuitively finds the roots of my pain, sometimes in places I wasn't even expecting! A truly great massage can be an almost spiritual experience, and Jill pulls this off. During our sessions I find myself perceiving my body in new ways, with a greater awareness of its' complex connections and origins of pain. I feel lucky to have found Jill and only wish I had sooner!
5	As everyone knows in Vegas it's hard to find someone you can trust and someone who is amazing at what they do! Jill has it all! From my very first appointment I was impressed! She is amazing, knows what she is talking about and is very nice!! It's always a calming experience! I would recommend her to anyone looking for a wonderful masseuse!!
5	Jill is an amazing masseuse and a super kind person (which also gets you pretty far in my book)!  I found her on Yelp and thought, "Who gets 5/5 starts on all of their reviews!?"  Now I know why.  Jill is very good at what she does and takes her job very seriously.  I try to see Jill for a 60min massage plus 30min reflexology about once a month.  I frequently have a sore back due to the awkward positions I find myself in as a midwife.  Her prices are extremely reasonable.  She also offers a military discount, which I appreciate.  I can't say enough good things!
5	My husband and I have been going to Jill Kerner, LMT for about 16 months.  And we absolutely love the unique and splendid combination of therapeutic treatments that she offers. My personal favorite is the integrated reflexology therapy. My husband swears that she heals and/or dramatically lessens his migraine pain.  Jill also offers a plethora of therapeutic massage menu, i.e., fork-tuning therapy; reiki, animal-assisted therapy (with her adorable dogs) and so much more!I also must mention how REASONABLE her prices are!! We both receive a veteran's discount and we mostly book 75-minutes sessions with her, since it's such an amazing bargain! Jill also has a great sense of humor, an incredible memory with a caring and nurturing attitude. We always get our couples' massage on the same day (back-to-back) and the 3 of us would have a lot of fun chatting during our entire massage session (one person would sit in the massage room while the other person receives the treatment and vice versa).
5	I have been going to Jill for approximately 6 months now.  Jill is an amazing masseuse who listens to her client's needs and tailors each session to fit the needs of the client.  I have a myriad of issues and Jill's treatments have help each and every one we have addressed.  I will be leaving the area very soon and being treated by Jill will be the one thing about Las Vegas I will miss the most.
5	Jill was the first person to give me a massage that was unforgettable. I work in a high energy environment that takes a lot out of me and to where I can't get out of bed in the mornings but Jill fixes that problem for me in a matter of just 90 mins. I highly recommend her to anyone and everyone! :) Thank you Jill!
5	Wow, wow, wow.I've had many massages and received work from about 6 different massage therapists. I stopped going to my local one in the DC area because the therapist quit, and she was really good. I went to a groupon deal a few months later (in DC) and I don't know what I was thinking since groupon is for failing businesses so that sucked. Altogether, I stopped receiving massages because I'm very picky and particular with my masseuse. I was out in Vegas for a week so I wanted to get a good massage to treat myself. As always, I did my research and I got it down to Be Well Professional Therapy, and another place. I contemplated the pros and cons and eventually decided to go with this one, since the masseuse seemed more 'booked' and 'unavailable'. I called about two weeks out and Jill was unavailable except for one day during the week, which didn't work for me. I read on her website that she does work late hours for an extra surcharge, so I took that offer. One of the best decisions of my life.I just mentioned to her that I had a lot of tension from working on the computer a lot, and boy did she know where to release the tension I had... I had knots in my neck and upper back, and she took care of those spots and knew I had tension just by feeling those areas. She kept massaging the area until the areas were more relaxed. Also, I can tell she has plenty of experience by her technique and movement of her hands.I thought I wouldn't find any better when my other masseuse quit but I'm very thankful to have visited Jill! I'll definitely be back on my next visit for sure, even if the cab ride from my hotel is $110 round trip. (maybe I'll rent a car instead? I digress..)I actually had a very unfortunate time getting to the location, but it's because my phone died along the way, and the taxi driver had no GPS, which was a nightmare. (just my luck) Not to mention the traffic from EDC weekend. I arrived late, but she did give me a few extra minutes towards the end in which I always appreciate, especially for a new client!For the people reading this, be sure to plan 3-5 weeks in advance if you want a preferred time!I hate Jill for spoiling me... how can I ever get another massage again from a different masseuse?  =X
5	Jill is absolutely amazing. I travel a lot on business and I've had quite a few massages due to some minor back issues and nobody comes close to Jill. I'm very in tune with my own body and can usually tell within 5 minutes if the person knows what she\he is doing or not. She has a VERY good feel for the body, I didn't have to say a word as she very quickly figured out all the spots that needed attentionThis experience with Jill made me want to move to Vegas, just to have her aroundVERY highly recommended, I wish there was a way to give more than 5 stars here...
5	So I have been in to see Jill on three occasions now, and so feel very comfortable in saying that she is an exceptional Massage Therapist. I have been living in Las Vegas for 10 months and have seen others in my quest to find a regular Therapist to manage the tightness I experience in my thoracic spine, and none have come anywhere near close to Jill. She is just that good! Do yourself a favor and book an appointment to see her now. Just don't try to weasel in and get my now-regular spot!
