5	Moving is a pain, but moving in the South Side, with its narrow, two-way streets that can only fit one car at a time and nightmarish parking? That's a special kind of hell, my friends. But thanks to Two Men And A Truck, I don't feel compelled to set myself on fire when I have to move apartments. I can't praise this company enough for its professionalism, punctuality and affordability. I've used them twice for work -- the first time, I moved out of four studio apartments into four new apartments four blocks away and the second time, I moved out of a one bedroom and into a storage unit eight blocks. Both times, I received a confirmation call the day before and another 30 minutes prior to the truck's arrival. Every employee, from the dispatchers to the movers themselves, are top notch. Rates are decent -- $90/hr with a two hour minimum, plus a fuel surcharge. I can't vouch for the quality of their out of state moves, but for a local job, there's no one better.
1	This was a nightmare.  They moved me on October 16.  Sent 2 men.  Not enough help.They broke a mirrored chest.  Had a company repair glass. Chest was destressed glass. Used regular glass and when I complained they sent me a check for $80.00.  Chipped 2 pieces of furniture and  chipped a piece of glass for my dining room table.  Also put a huge hole in the wall when they were building my bed.  I found all of this out after they left.  Company did nothing about it.  They are the worst moving company.  Do not use them.  Trust me.
5	I just completed a move from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia, and because my company was paying for relocation, I decided to hire a moving service. After getting quotes from every company I could find in the Pittsburgh region, I settled on Two Men and A Truck because of how absurdly friendly and punctual Penny the secretary was.When the movers showed up, they were right on time, super professional, fast, and most importantly, friendly. I'm a pretty easy customer to please, but these guys were awesome. They'd help me move stuff that they weren't even tasked with moving, which was a huge help for me, getting some of my more important living stuff in my own car for transport.They were right on time at the storage facility the next morning and got all my cheap IKEA furniture transported without so much as a dent or chip. I did notice a little weathering on one of my bikes, but considering I just moved all my crap 300 miles in a day, I think that is a decent price to pay.I don't know what Roberta T. is talking about. These guys were nothing but professional and very easy to work with for me. It might depend on who you get, but Andrew and Drew were great guys.
5	Moved from Pittsburgh to Richmond, VA.When they came and visually inspected the place, they gave me a quote that was cheaper than what I got on the phone! That saved me a few bucks. A big reason why I went with "Two Men" is because I was moving out of town and most other companies put your stuff along side other people's stuff. And they wanted to load a few days before my actual move-in date. Which meant that I would have to stay in a hotel for a few days! No thanks. Two Men moved my stuff on Wednesday morning and unloaded early on Thursday morning. The guys move fast and they were really professional. I recommend Shane and Shawn. You don't have to tip. But I sure did because they did such a thorough and clean job. Thanks guys.
1	This company tried to charge me 4000 bucks to do a very small move from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia. What a rip off! Got another company to do it for 1200. Weigh your options!
3	The crew was very easy to work with, but not very efficient.   First, they wear their boots into and out of the old house and new house w/o the use of coverings, tracking dirt everywhere.  Secondly, they got lost for about an hour trying to find my new location--despite the fact that it was an inter-Pittsburgh metro area move.  They only removed 15 minutes from the bill.  This on top of the fact that the estimate provided over the phone was off by 3.5 hours.   Further, they were unable to reinstall certain pieces of furniture they had taken apart during the move.  Great guys, and I would give them another shot, but not at all what I was expecting.
5	I was prepared to write a negative review because the estimator told me it would take 3 men 4-5 hours to move my stuff from a studio to a small house for nearly $700.The first thing the movers told me is that they would NOT take 4 hours to move me. They appeared within 20 minutes of the time they gave a courtesy call. When they showed up I went to greet them and each guy introduced himself to me before entering my building. All of my items were well cared for from start to finish. And my complicated Queen size bed was disassembled and reassembled in an efficient manner. They turned the dread I had about moving into a dream. They finished a little under 3 hours and $200 below the estimate I was given. This was the best move I have ever had.
5	We hired this company to move some furniture from our storage area to our new office at Edgewood Towne Center.  The movers were punctual, careful, and thorough.  None of our furniture was damaged and the final cost of the job was within the price we were quoted.  The gentlemen that came to do the move carefully wrapped all of our antiques and fine furniture and handled everything as carefully as they would have handled their own stuff.  I would use this service again in a heartbeat!
