4	My husband and I went there for date night and were pleasantly surprised. I went there a week ago and they were completely booked so they sent me to their other location on Indian School and 107th.... I SHOULD'VE JUST RESCHEDULED!  Anyway, the Dysart location was great. We had a room together and both agree that it was the best $35 spent. We now hope to make this a regular date night spot.
1	This morning on December 29th, 2013 I decided to call in to make an appointment for me and my boyfriend to get a massage at Coco Reflexology on Dysart Rd. I visited the website and used the phone number that is listed as the Dysart Location, 623-535-5855 to call in and make an appointment. The man I spoke with on the phone had a heavy Asian accent and he asked me multiple times for my name and the time of my appointment, and he repeated that I wanted an appointment for 6pm for two people. I also stated that I wanted a male and a female masseuse, and he said "Ok, ok".  He did not ask for a call back number.  When I arrived at 6pm for our appointment, a man was sitting at a reception desk (he had the same voice that I heard on the phone). He told me that I had made an appointment for the wrong location, and that I had called the Indian School location (which I know for certain I did not). He stated that they were busy, and to go to that location. I asked him if they would have room for us since it was already our appointment time, and he said that they would. I knew it was a bad idea to go over there, based on this first interaction but I really wanted my massage and had waited all day for it. We drive to the Indian School location and when we walk in there is nobody at the desk. A lady comes out and she immediately starts arguing with me about who I had called, that I had called the wrong location this morning, and telling me that they had called me earlier (I had never given anyone a call back number, nor did I receive a phone call about anything today). She kept arguing with me and did not understand what I was saying, nor did she understand the trouble I was going through and my frustration so I said "nevermind" and me and my boyfriend walked out to the car and she FOLLOWED US out to the car, demanding that we come back in, and asking why we were leaving. It was a comical scene, but extremely unprofessional and I am highly frustrated with this experience and very disappointed I ended up not getting a massage that was much needed. My question to this business is why do you make appointments over the phone if you cannot understand your clients or respond to them appropriately, and why do you have a massage business if you are only going to stress out your potential client even more than they already were before they attempted to come to your establishment? I am glad I saved $50 before wasting it on a place that is clearly not managed properly and illegitimate.Have a lovely day.
5	As good as it gets for reflexology. I had a GREAT massage here by Peter. The prices are fair and it is definitely worth upgrading to the table massage for $35. The other thing I like is that they give you the full 60 minutes!!
4	My experience was good not overpriced.great massage.the Asian women put me to sleep. I wear steel toed boots 5 days a week. this foot massage was great. non sexual ,real massage
4	No reason why this place shouldn't be 4 stars. They are so nice but come off a little pushy since they don't really speak English. If you are an avid massage go'er then you shouldn't have an issue. Just let them do their thing.
