5	ordered by phone. the customer service rep was very knowledgeable and helpful. as for the food, well, dominos has always been my favorite. im glad they're now in my area.
1	Received a very burnt pizza on top and bottom. The pizza was inedible. When I called to complain, the employee told me that is how Domino's makes their pizzas. I guess it's back to Pizza Hut and Papa John's for my family and I. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Hopefully I can save you your $20, cause I know I won't get mine back.
1	Have given this place several tries, every single time we order we either get the wrong order or our pizza is completely burnt. Tried them again tonight, once again the pizza was burnt, the sandwich that we ordered was burnt, the sandwich was try overcooked Philly cheesesteak. Will never order from them again worst Domino's EVER!!!
5	Always on time always good!!! I order from here at least once a week!!! I've never got a bad pizza!! Keep up the good work;)
1	omg i order a pizza ,wings and the bread bites at 5:50 and didn't receive my order til 730, when i tried to call them they wont pick up there phone,and when i went in there the manger had such a nasty attitude. I feel bad for the drivers,they lose tip because of this manger. Never again will i order from them if this manger is working . By the way her name is Latoya so dont order from her ,it doesn't matter she doesn't answer the phone to get orders.
5	Fast, Friendly and always HOT! Love the speedy delivery and great pizza. Always arrives ahead of the promised time and kids like to watch the online tracker to know when the pizza is on its way.
2	Yuck - I was at the grocery store when I decided I would order Dominos for dinner. Since I ordered it there I decided to wait for it and what a mistake! The employees were running around like chicken with their heads cut off and more importantly - they were not washing their hands! Employees were using hand sanitizer in place of washing their hands after handling money or phone orders. This to me is a big no no and the health department needs to pay this place a visit so they are reminded the rules of food safety!
5	Fast and Hot! Love the lunch time special and the online ordering ability.
1	Never again. And I was a good customer. I ordered one called complained got another even more greasy. Quick service but bad product or cook
1	Drove out from our resort and Stopped in to order pizza. Ordered two thin crust, one pepperoni and ham and the other plain cheese. Didn't check our order and came back. We get to our room and the cheese pizza had NO CHEESE. We called and spoke to a supervisor and she offered to give us credit for another meal. We were starving and had bread and marinara sauce instead of cheese pizza. She offered to correct the order. We asked if they could deliver it since they messed up the order. ....NOPE! We drove all the way back to pick it up.  Whoever owns this Dominos....... you need to check your employees.
1	Just moved in from Cali and thought we would order some quick pizza. BF ordered cheese pizza and he came back with burnt and pizza with tomato sauce only!!!! Wow! Never again!
4	It's pizza. Get it delivered or preorder and pick it up. Personally I've never had a problem here as some other people have posted. Delivery: Every time we call to order they recognize our phone number and are able to pull up our address and info fast with no problems. They always recommend daily deals which are awesome and delivery is fast. Takes no more than 20-30 minutes to get our hot pizzas.Pick up: I always call in advance to place my order before I come to pick it up. Takes about 15 mins or so.Inside the store is nice n clean. Decor is simple. All the employees are friendly and welcoming. My pizza is nice and hot every time. If you want something quick to go or delivered to your home this is an easy route. Can't go wrong with pizza lol
5	I stopped ordering from every other pizza place in this area. Domino's on Blue Diamond has never gotten our order wrong, and it's always hot and fresh!
5	Gotta love pizza.  They make their pizzas from fresh dough here unlike most other pizza places.I always get great service here so I have no complaints lol The store is clean and nicely decorated.
1	Just when I think I will give them another try,  they make the same mistake again. I order pasta always with extra sauce. And every time,  they forget the sauce altogether. They ask me if I want a credit, but why would I want a credit when I'm hungry now ?
1	How do you run out of pineapple? How do you wait 20 minutes to contact us and tell us you have no pineapple when your 'tracker' told us it was in the oven. And to top it off you offer nothing in return for wasting my time? Point taken! Give me my refund. And how about you go find some pineapple!
1	I've ordered from this store numerous times and have had nothing but problems. The first time we ordered they forgot toppings, on Halloween it took them over 2 hours to get out pizza to us (we live 7 miles from this store) the phone at the store was busy for the entire night and we called over 40 times. When the pizza did get to us it was cold and the delivery boy was rude and disrespectful when we commented about it. I ended up contacting corporate over the situation when I couldn't reach the store to complain and they said they would credit me $25 to give them a second chance (in reality it is their third chance) and when I called today to order a pizza using the credit, I find out that no such credit was ever credited to my account. It has been a miserable experience with this store in general since I moved to this side of town.
1	Ordered online on my phone in store. 50% off pizza. They ran out of gluten free pizza & laughed in my face. That's not funny! You should apologize & cancel my order like I wanted.  Jokes on me?  Nope. Called the district manager Cali & he gave us a $15 credit under our number. Went to a different location instead, Forte Apache & Tropicana. You're a high volume store, how do you run out of GF crust? Lol okay,  crap happens but don't make me feel like garbage because you dislike your job.
5	On days when it gets to late to cook we come to this Dominos for pizza. Pizza is always cooked on time. One day without asking, they gave me an extra pizza because  they made a hand tossed instead of the pan pizza I ordered.
