4	Before trying Froyona I had never had frozen yogurt before and since then I've spent a considerable amount of time mourning those lost years. This place caught my attention because I was driving by and there was a line!  You've got the standard flavors like vanilla and chocolate and then you've got flavors like root beer float, cake batter, cookies n' cream. What's really cool is that the flavors don't stay the same, almost every time I go in there are different flavors and they offer samples. Now, let's get to the toppings! There are several different sauces to choose from like caramel, hot fudge and butterscotch. Just a few of the toppings are brownie bites, cream cheese bites, reese's pieces, m & m's, frosted animal cookies, white chocolate, dark chocolate. There must be at least thirty different topping and they are all delicious! The shop itself is really nice too with comfortable chairs, natural lighting and the staff are helpful and polite.The ONLY reason I didn't give this place five stars is the serving sizes. There is only huge and ginormous. I'm sure this has to do with the fact that this stuff is sold by weight so they encourage you to indulge. Usually, I do, and then I kick myself for putting to much in my cup. I've gotten pretty good at keeping tabs on how much I'm putting in it but those cups fill up fast and if your not careful you will dread that scale. My total usually tallies around $12 and that's for me and my son (don't just assume it was for me...). I wish they had a smaller cup for when I want to have just a taste and I won't have to worry about packing on the pounds on either scale....
4	I am a loyal customer and love the place! The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is that it is pretty pricey but it's clean so I love it!
5	Way better than Sweetie Peas!! I love this place! Great service! My favorite is the Hawaiian Sherbet! I can't find it any other place !!
4	Really enjoy the store.  Temperature of the yogurt is colder than some of the yogurt stores I have frequented.  As I must watch my sugar intake,  I think they don't have a selection of sugar-free flavors.  I don't care for S-F  strawberry-banana, as it tastes too sweet.  Would love to see S-F cookies and cream, chocolate or tart vanilla.  Would then rate the store 5-Stars.
5	I hope they never get rid of the Yellow Cake Batter yogurt because it is heaven! This establishment is really clean and I love the presentation of their toppings. There are more toppings to choose from at Froyona than at Sweetie Peaz and Yogurt Jungle. I also like that they do the reward program and your 10th yogurt is free! You don't have to use those stupid punch cards either they use your phone number. I am now a die hard loyal pregnant fan of Froyona.
5	Great selection of flavors, great selection of toppings, friendly service, and close to home...yep, five stars for me!
5	Excellent flavors and great toppings. Yellow cake batter and see salted caramel are the best! Very friendly staff. It's our go to place!
