4	Found a Living Social deal for the Ugly Sweater Run for only $15.  Plus the run gave us a santa hat, a mustache, a beer glass and a deal at the Sports Authority.  What I really liked was that the run started at 11am, not the conventional 8am call time.  Everyone dressed up so nicely and festive.  Red and green everywhere.  I wasn't a huge fan of the course though.  I think U turns slow me down.  We did two.  Then end was super nice.  An open area with beer, hot chocolate and drunk people.  Good times!  Definitely doing this again next year!
3	I decided to do the Ugly Sweater Run with a friend after seeing it on livingsocial.com for $15. This was a killer deal, because everyone that entered received 2 free drinks (as well as a cheap Santa hat that didn't fit, a mustache and a glass). And while it was an ok way yo spend an hour or so downtown, I really doubt I'd do it again.I was one of the few people that wore an ugly sweater that was not Christmassy at all. I was disappointed to see numerous people dressed in cute festive gear, rather then an ugly sweater!! All of the adorable dogs dressed up were super cute though.The actual run was very laid back, almost too laid back if you really had any interest in running. Despite being told when we registered that walkers should stay to the right, so runners could pass on the left, there were numerous people walking (and even pushing strollers) in the path of the runners. For those that didn't want to do the entire 5k, it was easy to cut the course and end early.The finish line party area was pretty cool, though I definitely could have done without the fake 'snow' that was blasted at me as I crossed the finish line. The beer lines were crazy long but we were able to get free hot chocolate to sip while waiting.. I enjoyed watching the costume contest... but overall, I doubt this is an event I'd do again unless there was another special deal on it via livingsocial.com or groupon..
5	As part of the Yelp Helps Week, I volunteered at the Ugly Sweater Run and I was very impressed with how much fun everyone was having.  It is a run but it's not timed.  It starts at 11, not the 8 or 9 start times that some people are accustomed to.  Some people ran, but most simply walked the 5K having lots of laughs as they went along.I was impressed at how well everything came off and it was a fun event.  I think I'll volunteer again next year and then walk the 5K.  Anyone have an ugly sweater they want to get rid of?
4	A very family friendly, but severely ugly event. For full disclosure, I did not run in the event, I didn't even walk or stroll. I was merely a spectator who enjoys people watching and the great outdoors of Sunset Park, Ha! This was a fun event, but nothing really got started until 10:30am. With the race starting at 11am people just mostly were meandering around, sipping coffee from Grouchy John's, sampling grilled cheese sandwiches from the StripChezze food truck, and playing cornhole to pass the time. I guess the one question/complaint I heard from people is, "where's the starting line?", I had been there since 8am and hadn't noticed the starting line myself, then again I wasn't running, so it didn't affect me a much as other people. Last year this event was held in downtown Las Vegas on Fremont street, this year Sunset Park was it's destination and the crowd seemed to enjoy this, mostly because of the ample parking and more "outdoorsy" vibe. I'll be here next year to pass out more, "Cold Weather Kits", (yelp life gloves, yelpstick, and yelp bottle openers), if you didn't get to attend this year, definitely worth a try next year.. At least to hang in the beer garden and take funny pictures.
