1	TERRIBLE AND RUDE SERVICE!!The star rating on Qype and Google are deceiving as most of the ratings are over three years old and this establishment has had a change of management for the worse.We stopped off here after a day of exploring (and tasting) much that Edinburgh has to offer.  The front of the restaurant has smaller tables which looked like a nice area to get drinks and appetizers while there is a full restaurant in the lower level.  We sat down and informed the waiter that we were just interested in wine and a light bite and would not be ordering a full dinner.  He literally sulked and told us we must order a full meal.  We thought he was joking and informed him we would love to try a full meal another night, but that we were not hungry enough right now.  He then asked us to leave.  Seriously?!?  At this point it became obvious he was not joking and so we left.  How is the food?  No idea, as we could not get past Cerberus the waiter from the underworld, but while we were waiting, we were given prepackaged "italian" breadsticks.  A good restaurant would provide fresh bread IMHO!!There are much better choices in the area.
2	The Patio Restaurant is definitely not the best restaurant in Edinburgh. It doesn't look much on the outside, and to be honest, it is isn't up to much inside either. Situated in Hanover Street, The Patio Restaurant is in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh and so it should be hot spot for people going for lunch and dinner, but its not - because it is awful!The inside of The Patio Restaurant is really drab and dull and could definitely do with a revamp. I came here for lunch one day and I was really disappointed with my whole experience. This is an Italian restaurant, serving pizzas and pastas, but not that well. I ordered a peperoni pizza which hardly had any topping or cheese, and it was literally dripping in grease - it is something which I would only normally eat on my way home for a night out, not for a nice lunch. The prices were very reasonable here though, with most main courses costing under six pounds. The staff were friendly enough and the portion sizes were fairly decent. There are much better Italian restaurants in Edinburgh which are more deserving of your custom.
