5	This place looks amazing inside... my therapist was fabulous and the prices are very reasonable. Oh yeah... I'm coming back for sure.
1	This place has the WORST service ever! First off, they managed to mess up the appointment two times. When the massage was first booked, they messed up and they called back to fix the mix up (They accidently put one of us under a facialist instead of a masseuse). When we went there, we were told that I wasn't booked. So my BF gave up his spot so that I could go in his place. That's not all...My masseuse was 35 minutes LATE! 35 minutes....is a ridiculous amount to wait. Just as we were about to walk out...they said she would be just ONE more minute. Fine, so I just did it anyway.  In the end...she also shorted me 5 minutes of my massage. Stay away from this place! Even though the massage was decent...the service was absolutely horrid!
4	This is a great place for an affordable massage. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice and relaxing. My favorite part was when they wrapped hot, damp towels on my feet...soooo relaxing! So, if you are looking for a decent, inexpensive massage, this is the place for you.
5	this is the best place i have found in az for an affordable and quality massage. it is easily one of the top 3 massages i have gotten in my lifetime, even comparable to a massage i got at the Beverly Hills hotel priced at $360!i purchased a groupon for a $30 one hour massage, but even without a groupon, this place still has really great prices.my therapist, corla, was fantastic. it was a heavenly experience, and it's been almost a week and my back still feels relaxed and not tense.will definitely be returning -- thanks, corla!
4	The atmosphere here is great.  Sheets are wonderful, they have heating pads which is nice and you sometimes don't get at the cheaper places.  Canceling and rescheduling is okay with them.. I try not to do this but it happens.My only complaint is the revolving door of staff.  Each time I find a therapist I REALLY like they are gone the next time I book.  That being said I've yet to have a bad massage at this place.
2	I booked a 90 massage and was assigned XXX.  She was very nice - but talked NON STOP the whole 90 minutes.  I heard about how she just broke up with her boyfriend and had to move out of her house and she couldnt find a place to live because he last 2 roommates were drug addicts and didnt pay rent so she had evictions on her credit but finally she found someone that was willing to rent to her.  She literally told me her whole life story.  Every time I stopped talking she would start telling me another story.  I asked for a deep tissues massage and she did give a good massage- but I was 90 minutes of relaxation - but I left there even more stressed after hearing her life stories of drugs, roomates, breakups, car problems, apt and money issues.  I would give Massage Haven another try - but request someone other than her.  I have since learned that she has left Massage Haven, and at her request (via the email I posted above) I have remvoed her name so that it does not continue to effect her relationship in the field.
3	I agree with the rest of the reviews that the front desk service sucks and is unprofessional.  I called to make an apt and the girl sounded super annoyed when she said the last apt was at 6.  So you close at 7 and want to get out on time but that's not my problem.  I'm assuming the same girl checked me in and she spent the entire time gossiping to her friend who was just hanging out.  Again, unprofessional.  On to the massage, Kristen was awesome!!!!  Her massage is a 5!  She did an amazing job on my back and my gazillion knots.  She was super sweet, professional and applied perfect pressure.  I prob got shorted at least 5 min but it didn't even matter cuz she rocked it.  The front desk girl was still clueless as I had one of those groupon now things which she didn't redeem properly.  She forgot to offer water as well and didn't notice the cups were out.  Anyways, 1 for service but 5 on the actual massage so 3 it is.
1	Sure the price is low but the quality of the massage was so bad that I would have been better off sitting at home. I asked for a medium pressure with a lot of kneading massage. I got a lot of painful pinching (she kept thinking my bones were knots) and  forearm rubs, but not much kneading and no relaxation. My back hurt the next day. Overall, a fail - save your money and go someplace else.
5	I had a horrible headache today, I wanted to just stop somewhere and have them massage my neck and back.  The front desk was nice and professional and easy to deal with, I got an appointment for just 45 mins later. I was taken back on time from Kristin. All I can say is it was the MOST AMAZING massage I have even received in all my life. I got the 1 hour intro $35 massage. I requested the deep tissue with the hot stone add on for $10 more. From  the start I could tell she had a great touch! She had the best pressure for deep tissue. The hot stones were an amazing addition.  Kristin really knows her stuff!!! I cannot say enough about her or her massage therapy skills. This was by far the best massage I have ever had! With those prices and that service I will be back FOR SURE!!!
3	This was my second visit here and the BEST massage I've EVER had! Jean (French guy) was amazing!! I would definitely come back just to have him massage me again, but if he wasn't available I probably wouldn't be back. He was running late, the lady before me didn't leave the room until 5:45, I had a 5:30 appointment, no big deal, I wasn't in a rush. By the time I talked to him about what I was hoping to get out of the massage and he gave me time to undress and get under the sheets some time had passed. I laid on the bed for a few min after the massage just trying to enjoy the feeling, by the time I got dressed and walked out it was a couple min after 7. Instead of asking how my massage was or inquiring if I wanted to set another appointment the girl at the desk in a very snippy tone asked if I paid for an extra half hour. No, he was late getting started and I took my time getting dressed. Maybe an extra 5-10 min TOPS was added but definitely no more than that. She was unbelievably rude, it was if she was yelling at me. Both times the front desk girls were very unprofessional.
3	I keep coming back here as the $35 dollar a month price-tag for members is a pretty sweet deal.  This includes a 50 minute massage.  As I've been going here once a month for over a year now, I am pretty familiar with the set-up.  I would recommend trying to get a room that is near the back and well-insulated.  If you get the room near the front you will hear the annoying chatter at the front desk.   I also have been with several massage therapists and recently settled on Kristen.  She gives a good massage--mind you, not the best massage I've ever had, but reliable.  I try to get her every time I go. I like her because I don't feel awkward asking her to focus on specific areas.  What I don't love is that if we start a few minutes late we finish at 50 after the hour regardless.  I would still like to get my full 50 minutes, especially because often when we start late it is not due to my lateness.Corla is also great if Kristen is not available.  Another issue here is that there is a lot of turnover.  A man I really liked was no longer working there the next time I requested him.  If you want more pressure point work, Bruce is also good but he doesn't really integrate more Swedish techniques.
1	7 months after I wrote this review, I received the following email.  I have now redacted the name of the Massage person.  I am only doing this because she does not work there any longer.  I knew at the time of the reivew that they were a new establishment and was hoping that management would contact me regarding this.  THEY DID NOT.  I am not in the business of trying to ruin someones career or have a bad reputation follow them around.  So I have now removed the name of the masseuse that I saw there.  I am posting the email that I just received from her:"Hi Stephanie,I am so sorry that your experience with me was so dis tastful.  I was out of line to ruin the massage by talking and going on and on while you were trying to relax.  Though it hurts my feeling and is so embarrassing, I am grateful to have your honesty.  But could  I ask that you please consider a few things. I have not worked at Massage haven in over 6 months, this hurts my reputation in the massage field as well as me personally.  The owners are really nice and it is a new business, so if you could consider them as well, I know if you talk to Susan or Cerey about your experience, they would do anything to make it right for you.  So I'm asking you, please take this down.   I understand your frustration, but please understand how much damage this can do to me.  If I could change the past, I would, but all I can do is so sorry again for the bad experience and I hope you go back there and get a wonderful relaxing massage.Sincerely,  XXX"
4	I went to massage haven after having a very stressful week. I was greeted by a very nice woman at the front desk, filled out paperwork, and then was greeted by my massage therapist named Helen. I had never had an "grownup" massage before and was a bit nervous. Helen gave me the run down about the process and I felt at ease. I opted for a swedish massage just because I've heard deep-tissue hurts and I wanted my first experience to be relaxing. Helen worked on loosening knots on my back and just made sure I was relaxed. She was very professional and I loved my massage. I plan on going back again!
2	While having my tires serviced, I decided to check out Massage Haven I strolled over there and was told there was an opening right now. PERFECT. They gave me a health history to fill out. I handed it in then I was told there was not an opening....huh?Was it the $25 special I asked about? Was it something on my medical history? Was it suddenly inconvenient? Did one of the five people behind the front desk dislike me for some reason? Iam sure Iam taking this way too personal but.....I don't understand what changed in 4 minutes. Probably won't be rushing back there since the only friendly face was the poor receptionist who had to tell me the appointment was no longer available. Maybe someone called who was going to pay full price?
5	$25 Massages all September, sign me up! Had a massage here 2 weeks ago.  I actually found the staff to be professional and inviting.  My massage therapist was great, she did say she was brand new at this location, but had been a massage therapist for 5 years.  I asked for a relaxing massage and that is what I got...all 50 minutes of it!
5	I had a massage here a couple weeks ago and it was wonderful. The staff was very professional and kind and I felt very comfortable. The time flew by and I felt so much better afterwards.  Can't wait to go again.
5	I love it here. The receptionists are always super friendly (I'm a talker) so its really nice not to be scrubbed off. I started going here about a year ago from a group on discount. Totally worth it. I am a member so I usually go once or twice a month. All the therapist are friendly and give great massages.  I think the onlY bad massage is the one where I didnt speak up and say if I liked or didn't like something which is on me. Really how can I expect someone to know what in feeling? I always recommend this location because I love it so much. I would go every week if I could.
5	Love Massage Haven!  Every therapist is excellent! So glad they are in the Grayhawk shopping center! Reasonable prices, lovely atmosphere and great customer service!
5	best massage in scottsdale best deal in town great great great new summer special $25 cannot beat that!!! thankx massage haven you are heavenly!
