3	Eclectic doesn't begin to describe....While this can be a fun store to look in, I very rarely see anything that I'd actually put in my house.  If it's cool enough that I might even think about it - then it is far too expensive.  Other things are a little too "out there".  Ya know those chairs that look like a woman's high heeled platform shoes?  They'll have them in SEVERAL colors.  A few times, years ago, they had the chair that looks like a giant hand, but it's been quite awhile since I saw that there.  From big stuff to clocks and candle holders - they do have quite a variety.  And it's always fun to look at, and might give you ideas.  But so far I haven't found anything that inspired me to plunk my money down.  Perhaps my house just isn't quite eclectic enough.  Definitely fun to look through though, so in combination with all the other fun furniture finds on Bell, it's definitely worth stopping by.
3	You can be in and out pretty quickly because a lot of the stuff is not that impressive, but once in a while you can get lucky and find exactly what you are looking for at a reasonable price.  The owners are nice.  Unpretentious.
4	Drove by and decided to take a look. I did find two lamps that went with my master bedroom set quite nicely. Although i assumed that the price that was tagged were for both lamps, they were for each lamp. Pricey yes, but i really did want them. I will return again, but please lower your prices so i can buy more!!!!
4	We stumbled upon this place after checking out the used furniture store next door. They have a lot of great stuff! They're super helpful and friendly. We bought 5 pieces around 11am and they delivered them at 4pm the same day! Great prices too. Will definitely go back!
4	This is a fun little place in Phoenix.  I went to visit my aunt and we were out and about looking at some furniture stores nearby and just kind of stumbled in to this place.  We ended up spending a long time having so much fun looking at all the crazy stuff in there.When you first walk in, there is a display of windchimes and I instantly fell in love with this peacock one (see photo).  I snatched it up right away and was trying to figure out the best way to hold it and still walk around without it breaking when the lady at the counter offered to keep it up at the counter while we browsed.  So nice.They have all these hilarious tin and wood signs that my aunt, mom, and I stood in front of laughing like idiots for about 10 minutes.  They have interesting furniture, little knick knacks, and some pretty cool wall art.  After we had fun looking at all the stuff and I mentioned I would have to be careful with my peacock because I was flying back to Vegas, the lady at the front wrapped it up for me in so much bubble wrap that there was no way it would break in my suitcase.  And the best part?  They were having a sale, so it was 20% off on top of all the fun and great customer service.
