5	Delicious and healthy. Always fresh and a million options to choose from. AND breakfast served all day. Everyone leaves happy!
5	100 % Very good and healthy
5	Kept forgetting to try this place and I am so happy we finally did! They list calories and have wheat and white pita. A ton of different options as well. So delicious and amazing! I can't wait to come back .
3	So I had Pita Pit tonight for dinner and it was so-so. Its definitely a subway-esque fast food joint.  I got the chicken souvlaki and was really disappointed by the quality of the chicken, it very spongy and some pieces seemed discolored.  The vegetables tasted fresh though and the pita itself was good I just couldn't stomach that meat.  If for some reason I find myself back at Pita Pit I'd definitely go the veggie route.
5	Good healthy food and great service. Priced just right too. They also have a freestyle machine. The owner and staff are extremely friendly.
5	I usually dont give 5 stars.  I have been to Pita Pit on Maryland pkwy numerous times in the last 2 weeks.  The staff is always extremely nice, friendly and they go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience.  The place is also spotless not a spec anywhere.  Now on to the food.  You order what Pita you want and then you choose either white or wheat pita.  After that you can watch them cook your meat on the flat top .  Next you pick what you want to add and the list is endless.  I have to say i am partial to the Dagwood.  Awesome pita.  Also they are open to midnight on the weekends. Keep it up guys lovin your food.
5	First off, this place is SPOTLESS. Definitely the cleanest restaurant I've seen in a long time. The owner was there and let us use two coupons at once, score! You chose your meat, wheat or white pita, and a plethora of yummy toppings. The meat is cooked fresh right in front of you after you order. Food was delicious. I had a gyro and my husband had the Philly cheesesteak. The coolest part for me was the drink machine - they have one of those touch screen drink dispensers with about 100 different choices. Loved it. We definitely will be back.
5	So happy to finally have a Pita Pit in the area!! Friendly, quick service. Ingredients are always fresh and tasty. I always drive by and see hardly any cars, come on people you have to go to Pita Pit!! The falafel is my personal favorite, and who doesn't love the fun soda machine?
5	I live two blocks from this restaurant, and love the fact that they deliver! Vegas has very little option for food delivery unless you're willing to settle for pizza or chinese.......not the healthiest choices. Pita pit is amazing because it is so diverse, offering a ton of ways to customize your pita, and it's healthy and satisfying.
5	Great atmosphere. Delicious options. Quick service. Everything you need for a healthy quick bite to eat for lunch it dinner.
2	Jeesh, does anywhere deliver after 9p on a Saturday night in Las Vegas? I was visiting a girlfriend, we didn't want pizza or Chinese, so our options were limited. We Yelp-ed and finally stumbled upon the Pita Pit at 9:15. The website said that they delivered until 10p, so we thought we were all set.Ordering online was a real process- it seems as though they have a few different websites and not all of them lead to online orders. After 10 very frustrating minutes trying to navigate them online, we finally called the store, who told us that they didn't take telephone orders, only online ones. Ok, back to the website! We FINALLY got to the right one, placed our order, entered all of the information, and clicked "complete my order" at 9:38, only to get an error message saying that they were no longer taking orders for delivery. What?!?! It isn't 10pm yet!!We called Pita Pit and a very nice employee named Paul apologized for the glitch and said that was an issue that someone else had reported- the website cutting off orders before 10p. He took our order over the telephone and said that he would make sure we got our food and look into the website issue.Our order arrived shortly, and we were starving. My friend got the Chicken Slouvakki (sp), and I got the Chicken Crave. We also got an order of pita and hummus to share. The pita was just average. Barely warm and kind of tough. The worst for me was my Chicken Crave. It was FULL of onions- the first bite I took was ALL onion! I definitely didn't expect that. I ended up having to unwrap it and try to pick out some of the onions because they were so overwhelming. It also didn't have much sauce on it, so it was a bit dry.Between the headache ordering and the extra oniony pita.. I don't know if I'm inclined to try Pita Pit again.
5	I just tried this place on saturday. I already returned back on monday. Lol. This place has really good soft pitas that are steamed to perfection.  The toppings are fresh. The chicken meat was awesome. Did I mention....There guacamole is the bomb. Plus add artichoke! ! Needless to say. Don't forget your rewards card. I went only twice. Next time I go I get a free pita!! fist bump!! The customer service was polite. Props to the pita family.  My son and I enjoyed it very much!!
5	The food was great. You can customize your pita with lots of toppings including guacamole, roasted peppers, artichokes, and lots more (at no extra charge). I will definitely be back!
4	Used them quite a few time for delivery. Great selection of sandwiches and pretty decent smoothies. The price is also fairly decent for what you get. The biggest perk of this place to me is delivery service as its typically our first choice when ordering out. I would recommend them.
5	Love this place for a quick and healthy lunch. Their ingredients always look nice and fresh. My fav is the spicy black bean pita. I probably come here about twice a week before work. Definitely give this place a try.
5	Attentive and warm staff, great selection of healthy pitas and dairy free options on their delicious smoothies without breaking the bank - Pita Pit just knocked Subway off the sandwich throne.
4	I've been going to Pita Pit since I was a kid in SD and a weekly regular in college in Sacramento so to finally see this in Vegas makes me so excited. The chicken crave is my go to pita and was delicious as always. Service lacked a little, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.
4	We are from Israel, and I have an obsession with my falafel and hummus. Well I went here and after seeing the menu, realized it's more of a wrap/sandwich style place and not a Mediterranean establishment. Upon seeing that, as normal I began to walk out, when the man working nicely offered a sample and reassured me to give them a try because it was tasty. Well I must say, to that guy; you saved my opinion of the place! I ended up ordering and taking it togo.. I must say, good falafel; but extraordinary staff!!
5	I came here for lunch in search of something new and healthier than a burger and fries. This place was great! You order your choice of meat first then move to the end of the counter to customize your pita while they cook the meat on a grill in front of you. I saw the comparison to Subway in other reviews and in my opinion the only comparison is perhaps the business model (the concept of customizing your food). The quality however is not comparable. I don't have anything against Subway, but based on my experience with both restaurants, Pita Pit exceeds in quality of ingredients, customer service, and cleanliness. I like it, I'll be back.
4	If you haven't tried this place you need to! Food is healthy and fresh. They give you a TON of options / veggies without up charging you. Staff is always amazing and friendly. Always a clean environment.
4	Food is amazing and there are so many choices! Mango tango smoothie was perfect  will definitely be back
1	The hours say they're open until 10pm. The sign on the door says they're open until 10pm, yet when I showed up at 9:45 the doors were locked and the "open" sign was off. When I knocked on the door, out of the three employees inside, only one looked at me and only did so from behind the swinging doors with a smirky grin on his face that basically said, "yeah right, lady. I'm not opening the doors for you." Extremely disappointed, since this WAS one of my favorite places by my office for lunch.
4	So I got a coupon in the mail.  I really wanted to try this place when they first opened.  But when I saw that a pita was almost $8.00, I refused to go there.  I hate spending that kind of money on a sandwich, I'm not sure I'm going to like. So anywhooo!  I went there, and I got a chicken pita, and got my hubby the Philly steak pita.  It's like subway sandwich, they have so many toppings, and sauces, it was so hard to choose what topping to put on it.  Our pita's were so big, she couldn't hardly close it.  All I know is it's worth the $8.00!  We loved our pita's there big enough for 2 people, or eat half for lunch and half for dinner. As long as there here, Subway sandwich won't ever see me again!
4	Nice lite lunch, walked in was told hello and thank you for coming. Very nice ;),Was helped on what I wanted , got the run down on what people like and what I may like - went with a steak pita.Helped me with toppings.Only thing is the drink size, but that's very small . good guy there helped me and I will try to get back.
5	This place is soooooo good! Fresh delicious healthy food with fast and friendly service. I love pita pit and would highly recommend it to everyone!!!
5	I'm so glad there's another option for healthy eating, today I tried the chicken souvlaki (Mediterranean seasoned chicken) and it was deeeeLicious! Great customer service and the restaurant was nice & clean,  yup I'll be back =)
1	Never again!  This place was disgusting. I specifically stopped by here to get fresh and healthy food. By was I wrong because there is nothing fresh about this place. We ordered a chicken salad wrap, gyro wrap, falafel wrap, and hummus. All the meats and falafel a were pulled out of a freezer and cooked frozen. Was disgusting. Never going back. How do u advertise a place as fresh food when everything comes from a freezer I can make my own frozen food don't wanna pay for it
5	There are so many choices of where to eat when you live in Las Vegas. One day my friend and I were cruising around tryna find something new. Stopped in at Pita Pit, the first thing I noticed was how clean it was which is always a huge thing for me. The staff was friendly and engaging, the food was both fulfilling and didn't leave us feeling terrible after. You gotta stop by Pita Pit and give it a shot. PS try the Gyro!
4	Looking for something delicious and healthy to eat? This is your place! Just think Subway, but with a pita. Here's how it goes..1. You go to the register and order the meat you like. They have lots of options, even vegetarian options. I've had the chicken souvlaki, which is Mediterranean seasoned chicken and falafel, which is ground chickpeas/spices rolled into fritters and deep fried. Both have been so flavorful. 2. Then you head to the vegetable station while your meat cooks. You have the option of a wheat or white pita. They pack your pita full with whatever veggies and sauce you like. 3. Once the meat is cooked, they roll it all up and you're done!! The employees are super nice and help you if you're undecided or if you're new to the place. They have a rewards card where it's a point for every dollar you spend. If you register the card online, you get 45 extra bonus points! Obviously, you redeem your points for food. You get fresh and healthy food for a great price. I'm definitely a fan!
3	Had pita pit for the first time.  Pretty good.  Basically a subway with a pita pocket.  Pick your toppings for the pita.  Grilled your meat selection.  Nice selection of sauces and toppings. I had the classic Beef gyro pretty good.  Didnt blow me away though with flavor.  The mystery meat was that processed meat slices, or whatever it was.  Nothing special.  Probably wouldn't go back without some kind of discount or coupon.  7.50 for a gyro and only 4 little mystery meat slices.
1	Basically a Subway with a pita. Ill take subway,  more meat and cheaper.  4 tiny slices of gyro mystery meat. Meat was flavorless and mushy.  And paul the owner is commenting saying its premium meat...  yeah right.  How do you get perfectly rectangular gyro meat?  Looked like the slices you buy at a grocery store.  They say they grill it,  no sear, no flavor.  Won't be back ever.  Paul the owner thinks his pitas are the greatest thing ever.  I made a better sandwich for lunch,  and didn't cost me 8 dollars.
4	This place is great with good prices to boot.  Went in for a pick up of lamb wrap, garlic feta fries and grape leaves and everything was amazing.  Everything was hot, freshly prepaid and super tasty. My family on my mother's side is Greek and this is the closest thing I've had in vegas that can come close to home cooking.
5	This is a great place for fast, fresh food.  It is one of my regular hangouts.  I take friends and family to eat here because it's quick, casual, friendly and healthy.  The staff is friendly, polite and accommodating.  I love that they are open late (10PM) because I can still pick up a healthy meal on my way home after working late.  They have a great rewards program for your mobile phone and they often give away coupons.  It's a great dining experience.  Please dine here if you like positive experiences.
5	Customer service is friendly. I ordered the spicy black bean pita. I got to chose all of my fillings spinach, hummus, beans, peppers, etc... Great price, very delicious & very clean. Highly recommend this place.
3	Not authentic Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern food, but pretty good nonetheless.The staff was also very friendly and helpful.
