5	I always have a great time here.  I sleep like I am in my own bed.  The pool is immaculate.  The lady that runs the place is the kindest most intelligent woman you could ever meet.  Lots of parking but the place is kind of hard to find at night.
5	We went to the RRR for Thanksgiving with no reservations and it was absolutely perfect. I recommend the Pasadena-style ribeye, but my gf had the vegetarian dish and was also very good. The guest room was nice and clean -- definitely nicer than what I've experienced on the Strip.This is by far the nicest legitimately haunted place in Las Vegas. My gf and I both saw the ghost dog separately, but it was friendly and quieter than most real dogs, and much less creepy than we were led to believe.The staff at the Robertsmith Ranch Resort is unsurpassed in their hospitality and friendliness. This is truly the only 5-star pet-friendly resort in Las Vegas.
5	BEST Happy Hour in Vegas Baby!  Bartender makes a killer Martini that's sooooo Fabulicious!  :-)
5	GREAT Place! I too arrived on short notice and found my surroundings calm, clean, and welcoming. The hostess is a superb hugger, and the host, in addition to preparing a bounteous breakfast that tide one over for an entire day, provides hours and hours of entertainment.While most hotels and resorts merely present you with show options, the RRR actually pays for your shows and meals out, which I found most inviting. But, this might be due to the fact that it was my first time there. I might have to pay for myself next time :-(One of the biggest perks this resort has to offer is, Drever, the pet therapist. Drever holds degrees in numerous forms of pet therapy, is highly regarded all over the world, and can lay on his back while you scratch his belly in such a way as to elicit loud giggles. I highly recommend spending time with Drever!
5	Got an internet deal on a room and decided to have a fun weekend in NV. Room was tight but PRICE WAS RIGHT!  Spent minimal time in room, sleep, shower and off to another museum or restarurant or shopping. Will be back. Love the metal Teddy Robertsmith Ranch Resort artwork in the lobby.
