4	Saw an ad stating that there was going to be a massive blowout sale here, so my brother's girlfriend and I trekked allllllllllllllllllllllllll the way up St.Laurent, blistered, hungry and tired and... it was totally worth it.Situated on the second floor of a rather shabby looking building, there was a ton of vinyl to look through, lots of giggle-inducing covers and all sorts of classics.There was even a Crown Heights Collective album! HELL YEAH!The sad part was although there were lots of records I couldn't wait to get my grubby paws on, most of them were scratched beyond worth. I ended up with 5 albums and 2 singles for a mere 8bucks. I didn't notice until I returned home that I was over charged, but 8 bucks is not bad to begin with.Will definitely return. Really glad to find a spot like this in Montreal.
4	This is, as Grant so wisely put it, a wonderland and trip down memorylanes of sweet old sounds and epic hairdo's and eagle/rainbow/lighting inspired artworks. You can spend hours here flipping through the inexpensive awesome vintage records. Unless you are violently allergic to cats, in which case you can spend maybe ten minutes before needing to clear the cute kitty controlled area. There are also some lovely bits of secondhand stereo equipment for sale in the front, record players as well as speakers and receivers, and some amazing art by local visionary artist Chris Dyer out front.
2	Death of Vinyl indeed. It's not for everyone and I am one of those people whom it is certainly not for. Unless you are a fan of old, scratchy electronic and jazz recordings you've never heard of  circa 1970, this place is not for you. If you're looking for the latest Tame Impala record; head to 33. I went here in hope of finding some dusky jewel of psychedelic rock; all I found was dust, some really ugly wall art made by, I assume, one of the owners/workers, for sale for ridiculous prices. I'm sorry your cartoon pig drawn on cardboard nailed to wood is not worth 500$.
4	Record shopping in Montreal is pretty limited. Under these conditions, this is a fine place. You gotta be in a mode to devote a good amount of time to digging. The prices are ok.
