4	Not to be confused with "Hash House A-Go-Go." The Hash House is that typical off the strip Vegas dilemma. The restaurant is an unsuspecting caught in the middle of a strip mall location.  The service is great, friendly and fast as I think the people who work there own it. The decor is almost random I guess this is some sort of Midwest motif? Even the plates don't match the cups and that's cool. The bottom line is the food is so good. As the name indicates it's all about their Hash. Before this visit I wasn't aware of how many varieties of hash there are. The Hash is the specialty and it's authentic. Not like the stuff I'm used to- from the can.  The Ingredients are super fresh and you get the sense that it's made from scratch per your order. This goes for everything from the coffee to the bacon as well.  Don't sleep on this place, because it closes at 2:00 PM... Get it don't sleep...Breakfast... Don't sleep, Um? Forget it... Hash House will be one of your favorite Breakfast spots.
4	i ate hash house two days in a row this weekend.... i had to get my fix before i went back to l.a..... i give it 4 stars because my local friends that frequent the joint, dont like the service they receive from one of the ladies there, and ive only ordered one thing.... the party hash with fruit.... also the place is very plain in decor and took a while for the food... but  my friends say thats cuz everything is so "freshly made"...... if you like HASH, this is the best place to go because there were so many to choose from.... typically places just have corned beef hash, but this place has chicken hash, roast beef hash, and some others....  the food was good and not greasy like typical breakfast food, which i love........ also the fruit i ordered as a side was nice and fresh and not precut and old looking....also, the HOMEMADE jam here for your bread is awesome!
2	This place is nothing to write home about.  Hidden away in a corner of the shopping mall near Decatur and Sahara, one would almost miss it if they weren't already trying to track it down.  As the restaurant is only open till 2pm, if you take too long to find it, you won't make it in time.When we entered the restaurant, we found our table and the waitress dropped off the menu's without asking us if we'd like something to drink.  This would be understandable if it was slammed in the restaurant.  We were one of two or three tables occupied, however, so this with the fact that it took her another 10-15 minutes to return diminished our hopes of an enjoyable meal.I am one to believe that a restaurant should not be entirely judged on one particular meal alone.  Much like Lotus of Siam, where it is said the Northern Menu is what the restaurant is best known for, the Hash here is supposed to be excellent.  I, however, am not a big fan of hash so I chose to not eat it (as well it was lunch).  The food that we did order (the Peasant Lunch was my choice) was decent but again, a bowl of chili, plain toast and a small cup of strawberries and banana's did not seem to be worth $6.99.Between the two Hash House moniker's, I would recommend A-Go-Go.  Forget about the looks of either place...at A-Go-Go, the food is better all around (I don't have to limit myself to one particular type of food) and the portions are huge.  If I want a small, decently cooked home-made meal, I'll go to the 50's Diner on Jones near the 215 or Black Bear Diner on Jones and Tropicana.  Both are much more appropriate choices with better service and decent food.
3	i've tried this place 3 times - i want to like this place, no, actually, i want to luv this place - like the maple tree, jamm's, Lou's, etc, i have a soft spot in my heart for local diner/breakfast spots and i want them to not only succeed but to have GREAT FOOD.Big surprise, the hash house specialty - HASH.  They also have homemade breads and jellies.  I get the combo hash ( several meats mixed together ) and some rye bread.  The rye bread is good, the jelly - eh, ok but honestly,  ain't big on jellies to begin with - i prefer the bread for sopping up the tidbits.the hash - boring for me - the portions are very "controlled" a definite no-no for me at a diner type place.   the cost - damn i forget - definitely under $10 including the coffee.Overall, the food is ok but give me maple tree, black bear, jamms and if hash is your thing, i think a go-go is much more creative.
5	Small & Cozy Midwestern Diner feel, SEAT YOURSELF. CLEAN-NOBoothes-All tablesHave a TV & Counter bar tooVery friendly & attentive. MID-Western FOLK!! Felt like eating in MOM's kitchenHearty portions, Lots of variety on the MENU, Fresh fruits, over 30 flavors of HOMEMADE Jam,Fresh breads and THE BEST HASH!! You could order Toast & JAM & have a GREAT meal & GeT FULL!!Homemade JAMS toGO!!!!Top BREAKFAST Spot!!! Great FOOD , Atmosphere & service .If you are looking for some place you can eat EVERY day & have something NEW & delicious THIS IS IT!! VERY REASONABLY PRICED TOO!! Most everything us under $10!!!
5	Ok, so this is not blah blah a go go..... this place is about food, not fancy presentation nor fantastic service but your basic "diner' type service w/ great food.I had the house hash (of course) or hash house?  This was some good hash, peppers n onions diced up, hash browns, eggs over medium and toast. Add ketchup and Tabasco, then walla.... a masterpiece...They have a daily selection of jams, I tried the Jalepeno (spicy n sweet, very interesting...) and the strawberry (yummy, like fresh strawberries)If you want no nonsense, good breakfast, then this is it!I plan on trying blah blah a go go next, just to experience the whole a go go thing...... but not to compare....til next time, good eating a go go!
3	I don't know which came first, this place or Hash House A Go Go but I made the mistake of coming here thinking it was the latter.  Food wasn't spectacular, got one of the hashes that wasn't too flavorful.  The hash browns came out a bit raw, I like my hash browns with a crisp.  Nothing special but good portions.  There are better breakfast places out there
5	Hash House deserves 5 stars. NOT "BLAH BLAH A GO GO"! Great food. Working class people. Seat yourself (thanks Scott). The story is short.^^^vvv The story is long.Hash House is an unpretentious, salt-of-the-earth, honest, honorable restaurant run by good people who truly care to serve the best food.For those of you not from the Midwest or Southeast (think Mayberry RFD a'la Andy, Barney, Opie, and Aunt Bee and even Floyd the Barber), keep driving up Sahara to that place Cali C. refers to as "Blah Blah A Go Go". Trust me, that "Blah Blah A Go Go" place is more your speed. For those of us that appreciate grits and what I call "honest" coffee, this is the place for us. Truly a small-town environment with small town values and small town prices and small town quality worthy of all who appreciate such things.Details: Corned Beef hash comes with 2 eggs any style (scrambled for me) and two sides, I chose (wonder of all wonders) GRITS and whole wheat toast. Toast gets you a choice of home-made jellies. I ordered orange juice for like a buck eighty, lovely waitress with honorable spirit brings me a 15.2 ounce bottle of Dole 100% Juice. I about fell out of my chair. Half the price and twice the quantity and absolutely nothing but juice than you get just about anywhere else. On my way home, I stopped into Rebel (the gas station) and bought a similar juice for almost the same price. Wow. And "honest" coffee. Let me say that again for the third time: "honest" coffee. Thirteen bucks plus tip, and in my case that meant 20% because the people at this restaurant are trying very, very hard! Nobody's perfect, and sure I had to wait a little longer than I thought was reasonable, but they all tried very, very hard to do the best they could and half of the restaurant experiences I've had over the last several years here in Las Vegas can't say the same!Great food. Honest Coffee (there, four times, get it?), Honorable, unpretentious, caring people running a homestyle business.
1	Dear Hash House,Yes I went to you by accident thinking you were that other hash house.. But I still ended up staying and not mentioning it or causing some awkward public scene. You probably knew I was looking for the other hash house and maybe that's why I got the cold service from you.The waitress (owner?) seemed like a real nice down to earth lady with the other customers who were most likely regulars. But she gave us about 60 seconds worth of attention the whole time and we just quietly ate our food and left.The food was simple, I had eggs, waffle, and a bacon. It wasn't all that flavorful, but edible and decent.Sorry for making the mistake,Ed
5	...                    . ,  -  -- -     ,.      . . .       , '         _  _         ',             _  | | |     j       /  '          `  \       t        f   |  t   j     f      |                   |     j        t   |   T       j        \               /       t        Y |    |          ',       `  -     -'       ,'           |  |   U             '   ~  -  -  ~  '                LJDo you know a place where you can get a home-made hash, served with a home-made spicy ketchup or a home-made habanero sauce, or a home-made chipotle sauce; served with toast, served with a choice of at least 20 home-made jams, with flavors like watermelon, habanero, apple, strawberry, jalapeno, peach?Well, now you do - it's Hash House (not to ever be confused with the Hash House A-Go-Go chain) To see it is to believe it - so check out the photos link above.'nuff said. Must haves:Super HashMonte Cristo Meatloaf Stuffed french toast (4 pieces) with cream cheese and topped with fresh made berry compote.
3	This is complicated.  I was there last week for a late breakfast.  First of all their portions are huge.  I took my Dad, he has gotton the pancakes, huge and delicious.  I decided to go with the cornbeef hash.  It was really boring, not too bad of taste but just not very memorable and I think it may have been sitting.  The service is excellent and I did see they have fried chicken and waffles yummy, which is what I am going to try next time.  I liked it here, but I think I'll like it more once I order something that really gets my eye.  I recomend it but stay away from the corned beef hash, not nasty but just not worth it.
3	My friend recommended Hash House. I only realized it was the other Hash House afterwards. This place isn't bad, but nothing spectacular. I came here with the expectation that this place had enormous portions. When the food came, I was a bit disappointed in the size. The food itself is not bad. I got the CHICKEN HASH and it was pretty good. It came with two eggs and I got to choose two sides. I got the toast and fresh fruit with it. The fruit was strawberries and bananas. They have a variety of homemade jams and jellys. I tried the watermelon, apple jalepeno and peach. The peach jam was delicious!! There were real chunks of fresh fruit in there. The watermelon was a bit too sweet, tasted like a watermelon  jolly rancher. The apple jalepeno was interesting, but it was good. There wasn't much spice to it, but it was balanced pretty well. Service was good. A lot of locals come here, and the servers all knew them well. Overall, this place is a decent breakfast place.
4	This place probably gets mistaken for the Hash House A Go Go a lot.  However, when we called to make reservations, the person who answered the phone specifically asked us TWICE if we were sure we weren't looking for Hash House a Go Go. I ordered a Spanish omelet.  It was pretty good.  Had a little bit of butter flavor, which I generally don't like, but the overall flavor of the omelet was decent.  The olives and jalapenos in there were very good.  I shared the omelet and was still full.  It came with a choice of 2 sides; I went with cottage cheese and hash browns. The hash browns were standard; I enjoyed them.  I thought the portions were pretty good.  The coffee was also decent.  It was good enough that I could drink it black.  There were also free refills on the coffee, which I certainly took advantage of.  They had several homemade sauces that I thought were notable.  The habanero sauce had a good flavor, and was kind of sweet and interesting.  The chipotle had a usual smoky flavor (I like the habanero sauce better).  They also had a really interesting spicy ketchup, but by the time I tried it I had so many hot sauces that my mouth was on fire, and I couldn't really notice the spiciness of the ketchup.My friends ordered the corned beef hash and enjoyed it.This place also has an impressive variety of homemade jam, desserts, and dog treats for sale.  I didn't get a chance to try all of it, but I thought it was rather neat.I really like the cozy, quirky, homemade mom and pop feel here.  The prices were like a Denny's ($7-$9 for an omelet), but the food was more unique. We came in a group of 10 people, and I thought service was reasonably fast, friendly, and they definitely kept the coffee coming.
5	We love this place!!! We try to tell everyone about this restaurant. The hashes are each delicious, hearty and completely homemade. Mary, the owner, creates her own jams and jellies from scratch- a score of varieties like green apple-jalepeno, tomato, cherry, apple butter, even habanero! The eggs are always cooked to perfection. You gotta check this place out!
1	Short story: come here for slow, crappy service and sub-par food.Long story: Not knowing any better, I figured we would give Hash House a try given the 1 hr wait at the HHAGG. Big mistake. Walking through the door, I get the feeling this is my kind of place--  homey, seat yourself, etc. (In reality, it was actually like stopping for breakfast at my ex-mother-in-law's house after I ran over her cat. But I really don't have an ex-mother-in-law nor did I run over her cat.)But back to breakfast-- after we seat ourselves, we wait 5 minutes before we are handed menus. (Were we supposed to grab them ourselves, I wonder? Possible faux pas which I will own.) But I think the icy stare from the owner/waitress was unnecessary and you could have asked for our beverage order...or just greeted us...anything. Coffee seems to take forever to arrive, and while we are waiting to order, I realize that the folks at two other tables have been/are still waiting for their food. (I thought folks were wrapping up their meal, but the fatigue on their faces was not from being overstuffed, it was from malnourishment.)Now, based on other reviews, you might think that we were here on a particularly busy morning or something. Something, anything rational to explain the long wait for food. No, I think it has to do with a kitchen staff (actually I only saw 1 guy) who is not a short order cook. It looked like he was preparing 1 plate at a time...and slowly.I order the corned beef hash, my wife picks the salmon and eggs. (She admitted she was delusional.) While the hash may be made to order, it was unremarkable. My wife's salmon was overcooked beyond recognition and yet, her eggs and home fries were cold. We tell our server and ask her to take it off the bill (because my wife will kill someone if she has to wait for something else to come out of the kitchen). So we get the bill, and surprise, she didn't charge for the salmon. (Reflecting back, I did say that the salmon was overcooked and we didn't want it... I did not say that we don't want to pay for the cold eggs and home fries...what was I thinking.)OK, so I realize this is your livelihood and you can't just give away food the same way you do at a buffet (or Denny's) but do you see how it might be a bit offensive to charge for the barely edible food on the plate that was not sent back? Like we go around sending food back so we can get a meal comped... Lesson learned-- never eat here again. Even if the HHAGG has an hour wait. P.S. I hear HHAGG has a second location in Imperial Palace... I would go to the strip before going back to the craptastic Hash House.
4	We DID mistake this place as HHAGG. Clearly we've never been there. We realized that 1/2 way through our meal. Anyway, what we had was good. Pancakes, hashbrowns, and bacon were all good. My wife's veggie hash was reported as good although you'd have to tie me down to eat that crap. We'd go again buy don't live in LV and probably never will.
5	I like this place. Everything is homemade and fresh. You can pick you own hash meats. Even the jellies/jams are homemade and good.Also: Anyone who mistakes this place for Hash House a Go Go is an idiot as that place is in Imperial Palace on the strip while this place is a little mom and pop Hash place in a little plaza corner.
5	What a funny little find in Vegas. We decided to forego much of the standard "Vegas" experience in favor of a look into the real Vegas, where the locals go for good food.We stumbled across this place and I'm so glad we did. The strip mall location and decor aren't anything to write home about, but I had a killer omelet and some MUCH needed strong dark roast coffee. I love that they give you the option of regular and STRONG coffee, and it's not the usual swill you get at most diners. I'll be back on my next Vegas trip, this is a great find.
2	First of all I KNOW ITS NOT HASH HOUSE A GO GO so sending me messages that say "your review is wrong because you went to someplace that you didn't know where you were" or something won't change my review...Basically Decent food ... Bad service.We sat down the restaurant was maybe 40% full. It took 15minutes for someone to show up and take our drink order (no fountain drinks.. only $1.40 cans of soda???)It took another 15-20 mins for us to get the attention of our waitress. I finally had to send my son to search for her. She took our orders and dissapeared again.When they brought the food (finally) it was really good. Everyone loved the homemade jellies. I had the super hash which has everything. It was a little dry but good.So after being ignored for an hour and getting the absolute minimum service (the bus-lady helped us more.. she brought my forgotten toast) I tipped $7 on a $52 bill. The waitress looked at the tip line on the ticket and scowled... I don't want to get into a "how much to tip" battle, but if you give crappy service and then scowl at a ~15% tip then I'm done with you.We won't be back
5	Mary is the king of breakfast. She has the HASH that will bring back memories. Her food is always fresh and well portioned. The major deal maker for this ultimate vegas breakfast is the Homemade Jelly, Apple butter is out of control. You can even purchase most of all the jellys to go in a nice mason Jar.Over all 10 out of 10Must trybetter than any other Vegas brakfast joint.A local Gem
5	Man, despite the service deserving three stars or less (it's quite awful), I gotta hand it to this House for their awesome Hash. They've got homemade anything and everything. Loaves of bread, choco-chip cookies, coffee just the strength you like it, and jams and jellies you've certainly never tasted before.Clearly this is beyond just hashing. Turkey hash, ham hash, roast beef hash, choices galore. Everything tastes just the way momma dreamed she could make it, if she lived on a farm.I'd go again. It's different, tasty, and cheap!
1	Wanting to try somewhere new, my friend and I decided to give this place a try.  He had heard good things about this place.We met here at noon on a Saturday for breakfast.   I was STARVING!  I checked out the menu online and it looked good.We sat down and got our drink order immediately.  About five minutes later we got our order taken.  I decided try their Superhash on recommendation of the bus boy.   For two sides that are included, I chose the hash browns and cottage cheese.  My friend ordered the superhash as well with hash browns and fruit.THIRTY minutes later, we finally get our food.  What the heck?  Other people were seated after us and got their food in less than FIVE minutes.The food was disappointing.  The serving size was very small and miserable and our food was COLD!  Why oh why me?  I felt robbed having to pay for the food.  We left afterwards in search of a decent meal.I wanted to like this place based on other yelpers' reviews, but I have to disagree with them on this one.  Poor service and food.  I'd rather skip a meal than eat here again.
4	We just went back for our second visit. The hash dishes are really good. The Party Hash consists of too many ingredients to remember, and is very flavorful. Our server was very friendly on both ocassions. The only thing keeping us from giving 5 stars is that we were overlooked both times when we first were seated. You seat yourself, and can be ignored (there are two rooms, and it is difficult to see us where we chose to sit). We will definitely be returning for the breakfast!
2	Came here on a recommendation from a friend, ordered the party hash with fresh fruit and toast.The lady that sat and served me was pretty curt and uninterested, whereas she was chummin it with who I assume were some locals.  No biggie, as long as the food's good I can take or leave sociability to be honest.Good, however, is not the word I finally chose to describe the food I consumed.  The party hash consists of everything in the super hash, with mushrooms and jalapenos to boot.  While I was eating, I found myself thinking, "if the party hash is this bland, how the hell must the super hash taste (without mushrooms and jalapenos)??"  After the hype (which could barely be qualified as "hype," maybe better described as mild promotion) it was a let-down.Fresh fruit was some pitiful watermelon cuts and banana slices.  The jelly was VERY good (IMO the best thing about the place).  It was THE only aspect of our entire interaction that the server displayed any modicum of enthusiasm (not that I need some f*in Carrot-Top server, but she was definitely a downer).  In this though, she came to the table with a tray of jelly options and offered it to me for the toast.  It was impressive and delicious =DAgain, that really is the only good thing about the place.  It's called Hash House and I tried what was supposed to be one of the sig dishes, and yet I think my Pops enjoyed his biscuits and gravy much more than I enjoyed my meal.If you're starving, and you're there, go ahead, but I'd probably try something OTHER than one of their hash dishes, and DON'T SKIP the toast and jelly
1	This looks like a small "mom and pop shop" that has a good feel but u Soon realize the lack of concern they have for their customers... No room to support a Sunday morning rush... Let's talk about the service... Let's just say the check came faster than the food did--literally waited for two hours. Also, who serves canned soda...? "Mom and Pop" capability but a "hole-in-the-wall" reality...
4	Oh yeah!What a great find. Not Hash House A Go Go but completely off the strip and local.The hash was delicious and the jams were a nice touch.I'll be back.
4	For a girl who's trying to maintain her size 4, this place's corned beef hash makes it down right hard.  Their corned beef hash is the best in town.  It's homemade.  Their jams are also homemade and very yummy.  I've been going here for years and the owners are just the sweetest things.  It's a cozy family restaurant and you can taste the love in their corned beef and homemade jams.  I do agree with some of the other reviewers regarding service.  It's a hit or miss.  It really depends if they are busy or not.  But don't let it discourage you from going.  This is place is a total find.But if I only had $20 and I had to choose a breakfast spot.... sorry Hash House, I truly like your corned beef hash but that darn Cracked House, um I mean Cracked Eggs wins.
5	If you're in Vegas visiting from Manitoba or Michigan, this probably isn't the Hash House you're looking for.  Hash House a Go Go is another 2 miles up on Sahara, turn right when you start getting the smell of wasted food and rosemary branches from the ridiculously large servings they shovel at you there.With that out of the way, this place is great.  I'm here almost every Sunday for breakfast.  This is the kind of place I would want to hang out if I lived in a small town.  It's almost out of place in the strip mall, and would seem a lot more at home on Main Street in some city famous for the world's largest collection of rubber bands, or the track team winning the class AA title for the last 4 years running.None of the glasses, coffee mugs, forks, knives, plates...anything matches.  You can tell it's all a mishmash group of utensils and china that has been picked up when prices are good.  I think it's great.The food is outstanding.  It's hard to decide many Sundays what the best thing to get is.  I usually stick with the Party Hash, which is a mix of the Corned Beef/Turkey/Roast Beef/something else Hash.  It's by far the best hash I've ever had.  I've been eating it on a regular basis for six years.  When I'm up for something different, the triple decker sandwiches never disappoint.  I won't go line by line of the menu, I'll just say.  I've been coming here forever and have never left disappointed.Two of my favorites that would suggest to all first timers.#1: The Sausage Patty.  The Homemade sausage is perfect.  For people like myself that don't enjoy sweets and would much rather follow up a steak dinner with another steak than a piece of chocolate cake, this is as close to heaven as you get.  Even if you just like sausage a little bit, get the sausage.#2: Homemade Jelly.  She always does something special, but my favorite has been the Sangria Jelly.  At the same time she did Sangria there was a Tequila Sunrise Jelly as well.  Both were awesome, both will be missed.  The basics are always awesome as well, Strawberry is my go to jelly.  I would probably inject it into my vein, given the chance.  Get toast, just to try the jelly.Short story:  This place is great.  The service is what I would expect out of a diner-like establishment.  Sometimes is gets a little busy with theafter church/baseball tournament crowd.  However, Darlene is always great, and always fun to talk to.  Same with Mary, the owner, always friendly and available to help.If you're hungry for great breakfast and have an extra $10/head make the trip to the corner of Sahara and Decatur.  You'll be glad you did.
2	Once was enough for me. Over all mediocre.
5	FAVORITE: Corned Beef Hash w/ over medium eggs w/ hasbrowns slathered w/ HABANERO KETCHUP ok so i dont want to look like a pig so this is usually breakfast and tomorrows lunch or something, but this place is amazing...our friend introduced us to this place a while back and we have craved ever since, we always try to make it a point to stop here whenever we are in town. My boyfriend and i LOVE IT!!! the habanero ketchup is to die for it gives everything that great kick and the corned beef has isn't like any other. I went to original pancake house and got the corned beef has there but it was served like in a patty?!? this place is a cute family owned place and their service isn't bad for one waitress and one busboy. They are relatively attentive considering both times i've been there hasn't been a wait. okay so this review may be all over the place, but i just can't express how great i think this place is!!!!
3	I had the corned beef and hash, and it was pretty good, not amazing though... because it was a little dry.My friends had the eggs and bacon breakfast and said it tasted like eggs and bacon (which is always a good sign).Things that are awesome are the home made jellies in all different flavors (and I mean ALL DIFFERENT flavors like Sangria, Mandarin, Habanero, etc.), so you've got to try them out.  Also, their home made chipotle sauce is amazingThe spicy ketchup is more sweet than spicy, but that may have just been the batch that we got.The juices come in a plastic bottle, so I am not so much a fan--I prefer fresh squeezed orange juice, or at least concentrate in a glass... If the orange juice was better and the hash was less dry, this would be a five star; the jellies and home made sauces are the life savors for this place.It's a little out of the way, but worth it to avoid the mess of the strip on Sunday morning.
4	When Friend #1 said he usually goes to Denny's for breakfast when he's in Vegas, I knew I had to lead us all into the light!Parking was easy and free in the strip mall lot, and we seated ourselves when we walked in.  We were greeted with menus by our friendly server and coffee (regular or bold!), decaf and waters came out fast. Our food landed in front of us within 10 minutes of ordering - yay!Me: Angus Top Sirloin & Eggs ($10.95) - served with cottage cheese and an english muffin (my choice of 2 sides), my steak was perfectly rare next to the scrambled eggs.  This is what I needed!Friend #1: Corned Beef Hash ($7.95) - served w/hash browns and an english muffin, this potatoey, oniony hash had crispy bits of meat in it.  It was not as meaty as we expected - they could stand to bump up the ratio of meat to potatoes & onions.Biscuits & Gravy ($7.25) - served w/2 eggs and nicely crisped bacon, these b&gs were yummy!  Still crispy edged yet fluffy under the gravy.To share: Blueberry Pancakes, short stack ($3.50) - super blueberry-y, not overly sweet, really good!After the food came out, our efficient server brought a tray of house made jams and jellies for us.  They sparkled like multi-colored gems!We tried:Apple Butter - super cinnamony, we all wanted to eat this with a spoonPineapple Jam - sticky and chunky, like pie filling, this was tasty but overly sweet.We loved the casual diner atmosphere, and the food and service made us happy. So yes I'm a fan!
4	I like corned beef hash, and breakfest in general, so I had to try this place out. On saturday's I like to eat a hearty meal after hitting the weights in the morning, and I go to Aloha Kitchen in the same plaza. I've seen this place before, but never tried it, but finally I did this past saturday.I had the traditional corned beef hash, two eggs over easy, and you get two sides. I chose their country potatos and toast. Since I haven't been there before, I guess I made the right choice with their toast because their jelly/jams seem to be their main draw. They have a huge selection that they bring for you to choose from. I had apple butter, rasberry and peach. They were all good!The corned beef hash looks different, redish and chopped into ultra small bits. I like mine to be a bit meatier, but this was both different and good. I'll try and post a picture of it so you can check it out. My current favorite for corned beef hash is Weiss Deli in Henderson...and it still remains tops.I like this place and it seems to be family run. A few people came in and mistook it for Hash House A Go Go. It's also next to a Smoke Shop, and some even thought they could score some good hashish in here...they too were wrong (j/k!)
3	If your a visitor, this place is off the strip.... way, way off the strip. Have a rental, no problem? Need a taxi, it's gonna be pricey!  That being said, after driving out of our way to visit the place before it closed, I can honestly say "Whats the big deal"?  I really didnt find anything done exceptionally well.   I guess if you compare this place to (gasp) Dennys or even an IHOP, you may think its THE PLACE to go, but I just really didnt get it.  Maybe because it was the end of the day (arrived after 1pm) the staff was tired, the cook didnt give extra effort, or whatever reason it just was overpriced and bland.
4	like others before us-we were trying to go to hash house a go go!!! but who knew we had to specify between 3 different places (now that there is one on the strip)....but anyways-it was TINY!!! and the staff was very homely...buuutttttttt think about it-why are you going there?? for a good breakfast and they didn't disappoint....i ALWAYS order my hash browns extra crispy and this was the first time in my entire life that they were actually cooked to crispyness....prices were great...i mean-who doesn't love paying 'normal' prices for stuff in vegas!!! idk if i would go back but you won't leave disappointed!
4	Service was a little slow. Sat there about 8 minutes before they asked what we wanted to drink. After that though, it flew! Food was ready quickly and came out pipping hot.The Sage Chicken and Waffles were worth the trip from the Strip. Wife and MIL shared a hash skillet that they oo'd and ahh'd over. The kid ate a chocolate-chip pancake and smiled the whole time.Pricey, but delicious.
4	I like this place because it is like going to a friends and eating good food.  They have friendly service.  It is a simple no fuss mom and pop joint.  Nice quiet place for breakfast.I always get the corned beef hash.  I like the corned beef hash because it has to be homemade.  This is easily the best corned beef hash I have ever had in Vegas.  They usually do a good job on basting my egg too. The breakfast comes with plenty of food. This is a nice little breakfast spot.
4	We went here on accident thinking it was the Hash House a Go Go but the food was pretty good anyways. We didn't order anything special, but the service was attentive and better than expected.
3	I thought this place was okay. Service was pretty slow (at least for our table) and the food was mediocre. We ordered the Party Hash ($8.95) to share. It had corned beef, ham, roast beef, chicken, jalapenos, mushrooms, onions, and peppers served with 2 eggs, toast, and potatoes. It was good, but nothing I'd actually come back for. My boyfriend has actually been here before and he raved about the homemade jams they make. We saw the waitress go around to 2 other tables offering them jam from the tray she was holding for their, but she never came to us with it, so we had to go up to her and ask for some and she made the busboy bring some over to us. The selection was pretty awesome. They had apple butter, apple-jalapeno, habanero, strawberry, peach, watermelon, blueberry, raspberry, and grape. I went with the apple butter and Donald got watermelon. The apple butter was very tasty and the watermelon was interesting, but a little too sweet. I'd definitely come back here just to sample some of their other flavors.
5	THIS IS NOT HASH HOUSE A GO-GO! it is BETTER! #1 reason, no wait no big crowds, we were in & out of there in about 30 mins for our party of 2, we wanted somewhere fast but not fast food because we had an appmt soon. But it's also a small mom & pop place where you can bring the kids and have a nice family Sunday brunch. Can't wait to go back and try their famous home made jams/jellys and their party hash everyone raves about. Oh and they also mix their own ketchup, chipotle or habanero flavored, perfect for the ketchup+Tabasco combo lover like me!
5	Not "a go go" I repeat, not "a go go." That would just be disrespectful to this little gem in the rough.No, it's not fancy. No, their dishes don't match. And no, you won't have to take out a second mortgage to eat breakfast or lunch here. Good food is what I'm all about and this place hits the nail on the head. When in doubt, just go to Hash House (how many times do I have to tell you it's not a go go?). Sometimes you just need a little hash in your life. This place hashes like a professional hasher. Awesome flavor, great texture, and more importantly it feels like your getting a home cooked meal. Hash House is everything a chain restaurant isn't, which is why I like it so much. If you're looking for a basic breakfast they do that exceptionally well. Want something a little fancier like a Monty Cristo? Yep. They do that well. Personally, I'm more of a pancake and egg kind of fella. Mary, the owner, was featured for her pancakes on The Cooking Channel, so she has street cred. I can vouch for those tasty hot cakes, they're off the hook. Their homemade jams are superb. Generally 10+ choices and usually a few unique flavors. Hash House is definitely a "regulars" joint. Become one, you won't regret it.
3	Mary's Hash House looks to have a fan base of regulars who stroll in the door every morning. They tend to sit in the main dining area, watch FOX News, and participate in friendly chit chat.The food is hearty and the array of homemade jams are enticing. My experience was middle of the road. The Roasted Turkey and Avocado Omelet was fluffy and filled with chunks of white meat. Sandwiched in the fold was a white cheese. I am not sure what it was, probably Swiss because it was mild. Besides the two ingredients listed above, three slices of avocado adorned the top. Other than that, it was a bare of anything else. This observation is not a criticism. It is more of a complement, the omelet needed nothing else. Due to how juicy and well seasoned the poultry was the egg dish did not fall flat. All omelets and hash dishes come with two side dishes. Healthy options include cottage cheese and fruit. I got the grits and wheat toast. The former was magnificent with a little butter. The latter had way too much butter. I wish I knew so I could order it dry. The ample amounts of butter made the toast soggy. The two jams I tried were ok. The mixed berry was loose and runny. The sangria just does not translate well to jelly.I sat in the quiet back room and dined alone. My choice to be by myself meant I didn't get checked up on and the check was dropped with my food.
3	Food is okay. Service is pretty terrible. Took the server about 10 minutes even take our order and then took about 30-40 minutes for our food to arrive. They only had two servers and two cooks with a full house. Water cup stayed empty the whole time and finally got the side of ranch that we asked for twice after 3/4 of the meal was already finished. The special spicy ketchup was pretty gross. It was really sweet and definitely not what my taste buds were expecting. The steak was overcooked. They have a variety of jams and jellies, which I thought was cool. That may have been the only thing I really liked about here. I would bump this place up to 4 stars if it wasn't for the really slow service. Perhaps I was just extra impatient that day considering I was hungover and needed food pronto.
4	I fell in love with this place on my last visit to Vegas. The food was great servers were friendly and it had a great home type feeling. I love the fact that they make pretty much everything from scratch. And that includes their own blend of coffee and jam! If you want to scape Denny's and ihop this place is awesome. The only thing that can use some improvement is to get more staff. Wait for food and service is more than I'm use to.
4	Not only are the jellies good on toast, but I even put some on my Chicken hash after I ran out of Ketchup (To-Go). Only tried the Strawberry and Pineapple, but both were solid on the sourdough and full of flavor and pieces of the actual fruit. The Hash was tasty as well with shredded white meat chicken mixed in with onions, peppers and home fried potatoes. I should have gotten a different side, but I didn't know what kind of potatoes was orginally included, so I got double Home Fries basically. Will order fruit next time as the meal is pretty filling as it is and doesn't need two orders of potatoes. Eggs were cooked to my well done scrambled standards as well. Only $8 bucks, so a decent deal and if you dine-in you can try a bunch more of flavors of those jellies.  Its also pretty comical also about how the tourists don't realize what they are doing and wander in here. Probably 20% of their business! Classic.
3	Nothing special, wanted to go to "A GO GO" but mistakingly ended up here, there even was a sign on the place "saying it was recently filmed on some show", I wanted to try "Hash House A GO GO" because I saw it on Dives, Diners, etc... anywho, the place wasnt too bad but for what you get, it's is mediocre.. kinda on the expensive side. the only positive is they have a few different flavors of Ketchup and sauces which helps spice up the flavor.. other than that.. Dennys is more the theme
5	We went to Hash House (not A Go Go) on purpose because it was the only restaurant in Las Vegas mentioned in Michael & Jane Stern's Roadfood book.  We had great service, delicious food (hash of course) and got to meet Mary herself!  She's such a neat person and even brought out her copy of the Savoire magazine that the restaurant was featured in recently.  We remarked afterward that you don't get to meet Bobby Flay, Emeril or Wolfgang Puck when you go their places.  We'll definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas.
5	The hash was delicious, my bacon and cheese omelets was yummy which I personalized by adding the country gravy on top. Server was a nice older lady but her priorities were definitely on the customers that appeared to be regulars. She brought out a tray full of a variety of homemade jams. We tried the strawberry, cherry and apple butter. YUM! They had 2 flavors of coffee regular and bold, and also offered flavored creamer!! They had vanilla, hazelnut and half and half creamers in the bowl she brought. On our way out I saw the display of the different jams for sale and without question i bought the apple butter. Came in a small mason jar maybe 8 ounces for $8, pretty expensive and I never spend that much on jams so you know it was good :) Apparently the owner Mary was on the tv show chopped the night before which I was unaware about. very cool though, will definitely be back and become a regular with the extra treatment haha
3	It was inexpensive and good. Their juices come in a bottle so be ready for that, otherwise not bad. Not a smoke-filled atmosphere so that was nice.The waitress was the only one in the place, so she was swamped, but we didn't feel totally neglected. There was a little wait for the food and my 8 year old did ask for the TV to be turned on, and she said the boss didn't want it on, which was kind of odd.The jelly was so good. I got a jar of the mixed berry to take home.
5	This is where you go if you want amazing made from scratch food. The food is affordable. It cost the same for Mary's corn beef and hash with two eggs a side and toast, as it would if I bought it a my local diner. Except, the stuff at my local diner comes from a can. This place is a diamond in the rough. It's like going to a friend's house to eat. Mismatched plates and furniture, only adds to the charm. Homemade jams and jellies  are so wonderful. I'm definitely going to have to mail order some.
1	So my friend wanted to come to this place because it the chef was on Food Networks' Chopped.  Sure, breakfast.  What can go wrong?This is clearly a locals place, but I have to wonder, has this place gone downhill since being on tv?We went on a Saturday, a bit after the brunch rush, it wasn't even lunch time yet.  They were not busy, and it was "seat yourself"A server came pretty quickly to take our order, but man did we wait FOREVER for our food.It was 30 minutes (no exaggeration, I timed it) after she took our order, and we were STILL waiting for our food.  We looked around, first off they were NOT busy, the place was not full, but there were people that were already seated before us that were also still waiting for their food.  We also never saw our server again.  No one came to check in on us, no one came to check on drinks, or to tell us sorry it's taking so long, but the food is on it's way.We didn't order anything complicated, a Ham hash and a corned beef hash.  That's it, we didn't even substitute anything.  Seriously - all this stuff should have been prepped and ready to just throw together.I don't know what they were doing in the kitchen but come on, this was completely unacceptable. The food at least came out piping hot, so at least we had that. I'm only giving it 2 stars because the food was decent, but nothing to write home about.It wasn't too bad for the price, but when Egg and I is not too far away, I will never come here again.
4	Actually found this place by accident last week, was actually trying to go to the Hash House a Go Go that is off the strip, but being the unobservant person I am I read the name wrong ended up here.We decided to give it a shot since we were all starving, initially I regretted the decision because it took forver for our order to be taken and the food to come, but once it did it was SO delicious and fresh! I really liked that if what you wanted was not already a combo on the menu they were willing to create a combo for you (i.e. instead of the 4 pancakes by themselves you could get 2 with whatever side). The waitress was really nice and continued to check on us throughout the meal. Everyone was pleased with their meal and while the portion size was not as large as HHGG the quality was much better.
4	This Sunday morning was mothers day, so we knew if we went out for breakfast it would be busy, and choosing the right place may be key in the amount of wait time we would endure.  Our timing was just right, as we walked in a table came up and we sat down, only to see the crowds begin.Because they were busy, it took a while for the server to come take our order and it took even longer for the food to come.  I got a typical breakfast with scrabbled eggs, bacon and toast.  The best part of the meal was home made jams.  They bring around a tray of several different selections and let you choose, but you get only one choice. I got a mixed berry and it reminded me of the jams my grandmother had made, rich in color, berry flavor and texture was just right.  The jams and the price was just about the only thing special here, I would go back, but choose a less busier morning.
4	We saw this place on Food Network's Chopped and had to check it out.First time we went, I had the corned beef hash. Oh my goodness. I'll never be able to eat the canned stuff again. I was quite yummy, and there was so much of it!The second time, I had the waffle. Was definitely not disappointed. I also tried one of their homemade jellies. Will definitely be ordering some off their website for the holidays.The chef, Mary, even came out to talk with us. Very nice little local place to hit up when you want a break from the Strip and the insane food prices.
1	Mary's hash house, not to be confused with hash house a go go, is terrible.  This place has the worst service I've ever seen.   I would love to tell you our servers name but she never said hello or introduced herself, she just said "drinks?"  We ordered two iced tea. About 10 minute minutes later she came over, put our drinks down in front of us and just looked at us with a pen and pad.  No suggestions, no "what are you having," she just looked us.  I had to ask her if she was ready, to which she responded with a shrug, as if I was wasting her time.  Mind you there where only 3 other tables with people at them in the whole place.  I should have know at that point that a breakfast joint with 6 other people in it on a Saturday morning was not the place to be.  Food took about 10 minutes, the check was dropped with the food and the server never returned.  We sat there with empty glasses for the rest of the meal.  I had the corned beef hash, my friend had the roast beef hash.  Both were ok, not great by any means but not bad either.  I read a few other reviews that said the hash was great compared to the canned stuff they are used to.  That right there should tell you everything you need to know about the food.  Back to service, the next time I saw our server she went up to the bar counter where they had what looked like cinnamon buns in glass presentation cases.  She opened up the glass presentation cases, and squeezed the buns with her bare hands to check the freshness.  Well I would say after that I had enough.  I wanted to try the "homemade deserts" but no one ever came back to check on us or to see if we needed anything else.  Also, after seeing how the handle the food out front where everyone can see imagine what's going on behind closed doors in the kitchen. I took our check to the unattended register, and stood waiting for someone to show up and cash me out, I should have just left, but being a bartender here l in town I wouldn't do that.  Our server showed up to cash me out, and just like at the table 30 minutes earlier she never said a word.  Not a "how was everything," not a "thank you," no "come back again," nothing.  So I can assure you I will never return Mary's hash house!!!
4	Soooooooo good and so fresh.. Love this place!  Great homemade food with a ton of healthy, YUMMO options on their menu.  Because everything is fresh to order do NOT expect to get in and out in a heart beat..
4	Fantastic country breakfast. Love the homemade jam. Do not make the mistake of going to hash house a-go-go. This place is WAY better!
1	So I read a few reviews before deciding to come here. A fan of chopped I figure it'd be worth a try. As we entered on Friday at 1pm, we were surprised by the lack of crowd. Three table of patrons.  We read the sign after dumbly standing there for a minute or two without anyone greeting us and we seated ourselves. Looking around we saw many tables with dishes not bused. We sat. And sat. And sat. No one came to greet us. The one and only server finally came and took order from a nearby table. Did not acknowledge us. We are a table of 7... Luckily I had time on my hands so I read more reviews. On one of them a reviewer mentioned "the egg and I"  nearby. We walked out without a goodbye.  We were famished. Luckily the egg and I seemed close by. Keep in mind this was a spur of the moment decision. Triggered by the lack of service at our original destination. We arrive at egg and was greeted by a smiley hostess. The place was crowded. We informed her we wouldn't mind two tables of four. She smiled and said she has just the space for us. They pushed two tables together and made us a space by the booths.  Service was prompt. Our waitress introduced herself as Jackie. The food was delicious. bottom line is the reviews seem to give the food good remarks. However we were turned off by the lack of service and never made it to the food part.  Even if the food was five star worthy, the overall experience would have netted 3 stars at best. Being a small business owner myself, my constructive criticism for the owner would be to over staff part timers so short staffing does not ruin the reputation of the establishment. The difference at your competitor was night and day. As a result we are a loyal egg and I customer at the moment
5	Who knows how to pack a punch ? Hash Hous- Ago-go does. Definitely gets a WOW factor when you bring out of towners here. The portions are ENORMOUS. We all thinking, more = bland. Not the case here at Hash House. It is delicious. My favorite dish is the biscuits and gravy. Does not disappointment any time at all. The serving size to price ratio is great. I often go for their lemonade with a watermelon slice garnish. Everything is good. Everything is worth the try. Service is usually pretty good here, but please mind that since they are so loved by the community... there may be wait between service. It's not outrageous, so bring good company, good read and you're set to start you're day just right!
3	Average French toast and good eggs and turkey bacon
4	Asked my cab dirver where can i get a good breakfast and he said the Hash house. I said ok. it was very good.massive size. the meat they brought was so big i could not finish it. If you need meat on your bones the first thing in the AM. HASH house if for you.Visited November 2010
4	Best hash. I've never seen a selection quite like it. I had the roast lamb hash, very good I wish there was one back east. Great selection of home made jellies too.
5	We were looking for an off the strip place for breakfast. We got lucky and found this place.   Great homemade breakfast!   Don't miss it if you are in Vegas.
5	I'm so excited to come back! It's been too long.
2	This place was a sore disappointment. After hearing about it on the Food Network and reading about it in Saveur magazine, you know this that this place makes the best hash in all of Vegas. When we finally got here due to confusion from the cab driver (he thought we wanted to go to Hash A Go Go), The place was hot and under staffed. We followed the sign and sat ourselves. There was no option to add bacon onto any dish, and I never got my toast that I thought came with my hash. It was just one lady that morning doing everything though, so maybe she forgot.The hash themselves tasted like decent hash, nothing spectacular though, and I never tried any of their special jams since I had no toast.
1	NOT WORTHY. It Claims As Seen On Food Network Chopped. I Think They Got CHOPPED ON ROUND 1. Awful Service and Dry Food. I Believe They Serve You Left Overs From The Previous Day. They Just Have good Jelly But Not Good Food. Sorry But I Wont Waste my Money Or Time Again. The Place Smells Really Bad Like Old People Smell and The Decor In The. Restaurant is Like Old and Smelly Like Old Wood type. If You Want Good Food This Is not Your STOP.
4	One of my most favorite breakfast spots in Vegas. Its never crazy crowded and I like that you can seat yourself. The staff is always so friendly and they never so busy that they forget you just walked in. I highly recommend the biscuits and gravy. Its usually on English muffins but the gravy itself it awesome!! I'm from Nashville so I'm pretty picky when it comes to gravy but this place got it right. Delicious!! The hash is amazing. I haven't had one I didn't like. The best part about this place is its small and cozy feeling and most important the food is great and doesn't break the bank to eat here.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 82/100Imagine entering your adorable grandma's kitchen; drapes on the windows, old pictures hung on the walls, homemade jams and sauces, fresh cut fruits, television in the background. It's definitely a cute place to start off the day with family but first, make sure you find it. Hash House lies along Decatur (cross street Sahara), just a couple of shops away from Aloha kitchen. It took my mom and me some time to find. Take note, if you're taking Sahara from the West, be sure to turn right before you hit Decatur. When we got there, Mary had us pick our own seats since there weren't a lot of customers. We ordered the Super Hash (ham, roast beef, poached chicken etc) with hash browns, 2 eggs and 2 whole wheat bread. Hash House's homemade ketchup was a nice added touch and their selection of jams was quite a variety! Breakfast was decent but not special otherwise. My mom and I love to experiment with new recipes every so often and ladies, what they have on their menu is not something you can't put together. I applaud the staff for keeping the restaurant in check and orderly, but I also believe that a restaurant should deserve more recognition if it offers something new, unique and exotic. This place may be a nice change from Denny's or IHOP although it's not one to repeat a lot.
3	As far as breakfast joints go,this one is pretty tasty. They are tucked away in the southwest corner of Sahara/Decatur and it takes a keen eye to find them. Once you set your sights on the place, get ready to grub. The food is great and the portions are generous. It's a more laid back atmosphere and the service isn't speedy quick, so don't plan on a quick in and out. I got chicken fried steak and eggs with home fries and savored every bite. I was able to subsitute a pancake (she brought me two) for the toast. One of the best hotcakes I've had in Vegas. Not to be confused with the "a go-go", this place is unique unto itself, featuring homemade jellies. I was a little confused by the Christmas coffee mugs in September, though, and one of my co-workers was a little surprised when they cleaned the table and wiped it off right into his lap. Not quite sure what happened there, but it was good for a laugh and not bad enough to keep us from coming back.
4	While there's no super innovative fusion dishes everything was made/executed with "love".  Proper crunch/golden-brown crisped edges on home fries with seemingly freshly chopped veggies (ie not pre-processed in some faraway Sysco factory).Properly cooked/crispy bacon chunks topped my Mary's Bendict along with soft (again) well-executed poached eggs and (yes, again) seemingly in-house made gravy.Friends' omelettes and hashes were all super-well received.  Fruit (bananas and strawberries) was even seemingly fresh cut.Service was great.  Perfect getaway from the sometimes zombie/mass-prepared food of the Strip.  Driving through/around Asia-town also allows for banh-mi or dumplings pick up.
5	I love this place so much!!! It's just a shame it's a little far from where I live. Great Food at a reasonable price, Great and friendly service, love the atmosphere of it all! I usually get the chicken hash, and for jellies; watermelon and passion fruit. So looking forward to coming back in the early mornings!!!
5	Love this place Have enjoyed Mary's wonderful homemade style cooking for years .Always look forward to her daily specials And the seasonal Hatch chilli creations If your eating solo you can sit at the bar counteAlways  love to support the individual business owner Enjoy !!
1	Don't do it. I know, I know- the chef has been on Chopped. That's awesome, but the restaurant is not. The jelly selection is impressive (if not a little overwhelming), but the food is just...no. I ordered the corned beef hash and it had no flavor. I expected more than what looked like canned hash and tasted even worse. Could have been an off day, but I generally give places two tries because everyone can have a bad day; unfortunately for this establishment though, I'm not feeling that generous.
5	It was my first time to try this fabulous restaurant. My cousin and I were deciding if it was open since it is a hidden gem!! The turkey hash was excellent! The homemade jellies were amazing! Especially the watermelon and jalapeno! My lovely cousin who is a Las Vegas resident bought me 2jars to take back to Hawaii. MARY the owner is so friendly she gave me a hug!! What a gracious lady!!!
4	**Summary**       - Homemade Jams - After you order, they bring a tray over with homemade jams inside jello shot cups. We each got two. From strawberry to pineapple to even jalapeno, these jams add a personal touch to your meal. They also sell the jams too.       - Decor - The place is a mom and pop brunch place. You get what you get.**Ordered**       - $8.95 Party Hash - Corn beef, ham, roasted, beef, chicken in a hash. I had to get a hash since the place is called Hash House, but it wasn't anything special.       - $8.50 Tuna Melt - Probably one of the best tuna melts I've had. The cheese was perfectly melted and the bread was amply buttered. I'm talking AMPLY. I wouldn't be surprised if Paula Deen were in the back.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice brunch place with a small town feel.
5	Delicious!  A wonderful restaurant with everything you want in a classic breakfast place!
5	Items selected:CoffeeBiscuit with Housemade Jam (Strawberry, Apple Butter)Monte CristoCarrot CakePart of the local dining scene since 1994, long before San Diego import "Hash House A Go-Go" splashed down with gluttonous portions at no less than three separate spots, Mary's Hash House on Decatur had always been a place I intended to go and yet for whatever reason it was not until I realized the owner hailed from my home state of Ohio that I finally committed to an early morning visit, a 6:05 am arrival finding a pair of regulars already present amidst the cozy confines as Mary and one other tended both kitchen and front of house in the most pleasant of manners.  Perhaps the most homey of places I've found since relocating to Sin City with aged wood furniture beneath sturdy tables and papered walls decorated by assorted knick-knacks dotting the two rooms it was with hot coffee, medium or dark, plus a menu of farm fresh favorites that I was greeted and although nearly all of the hashes and griddled favorites sounded good it was to traditional favorites that I turned, the meal kicked off by a rustic slice of carrot cake with tangy cream cheese layered on just that morning as I awaited my main course.  Truly 'home-style' with everything made in-house and to order including breads, jams, and jellies it would be perhaps twenty minutes and three coffee top-offs before my primary plate would arrive but proving the adage that good things come to those who wait it was with stunning results when the Monte Cristo was delivered; a true golden fried version with ham, turkey, and Swiss sealed inside ready to be gilded by maple syrup for a perfect sweet meets savory bite trumping any version of the classic sandwich that I've found in Las Vegas to date - a golden buttermilk biscuit with two of nearly a dozen types of jam offered as an alternative to homefries or potatoes no less impressive and briefly making me long for the Midwest...though certainly not for the February weather.
5	Hash House (not to be confused with Hash House A Go Go) is simply incredible. This is my kind of place. I tried the chicken and waffles with grits and entered breakfast heaven. For added appeal, the large selection of homemade jams (I tried the watermelon) will keep me coming back for more.
5	Yes this place is absolutely our "Must Have Breakfast" spot whenever we are in Vegas!! We always order the Corn Beef Hash, best i've ever had! I must say though, since Yelp, this hole in the wall spot has become extremely popular (or shall I say crowded). The last time we were here, the waitress was a bit overwhelmed with customers however, she did handle it like a champ :)
2	Not impressed... The food was sub par and the service was terrible! They seem understaffed and for a crowded restaurant on a Sunday morning 2 chicks weren't cutting it... I won't go back, breakfast was "eh" at best..
5	Oh my goodness! I fell in love here! This place was not only affordable, but was DELICIOUS! The hash is home made! Also they make their own jams as well. I am a huge home made fan. Anything home made is always better. The portions were nice & big. Our server was very pleasant. It was pretty mellow when we went but I was very pleased. If you are in Vegas and looking for a great breakfast place that will cost you less than $25-30, for two people go here! I believe you won't be let down. I will be going there again when I visit Vegas.
1	Horrendous. First time for both my friend and I. We had high hopes, had heard good things even from my non-yelp friends. Wasn't expecting a mid west style diner, when we walked in, the first thing I noticed was a giant big screen tv hanging over the bar replaying CNN or Fox (I can't even remember what it was, as I can't stand watching either) and a couple old dudes hanging around watching it. We seat ourselves, and we are roughly "greeted" by a woman and before I can finish my sentence of ordering coffee, she has already left our table. We noticed right away she was the only one serving the entire restaurant. So she comes back to finish our order, and before two words can get out of my mouth, she leaves to go answer the telephone. We finally place our order, San Diego Omelet with a side of grits and Monte Cristo with Sweet Potato fries. They both come out, they look decent, but one bite into the Monte Cristo and I was done, it was disgusting. Inedible and I don't know how but my fries were sour. I never leave a fry untouched. Never. I couldn't eat them. The San Diego Omelet was nothing special. The only thing this place has going for them is they don't use instant grits.
2	Service can make or break a place, and my experience here was lack there of. From the moment I entered, I waited a few minutes to be told , "can't you read seat your self. I sat myself and the older lady waitress with dark hair plopped down the menu on my table. Really??? Walked away and came back she said "so u ready to order" placed my order , only waited a few minutes for my monte cristo to arrive , she served it and walked away, no conversation at all. I could only eat half so after sitting for 5 minutes while she placed silverware on the other tables she glanced at me rolled her eyes and went back into the kitchen. 5-10 minutes pass as I'm just sitting there starring at the walls thinking any minute now she will offer me a box. Nope , didn't  happen she came back still nothing. I said can I please have a box and my check, very politely and she sighed, plopped my box and the check. Really!!!? Not once did she ask me how was everything or if i needed anything. There was no service. It made me feel like why did I even come here ! Not once did I complain or was I a hard time. I really don't get how severs who don't give a little service have jobs.Now the reason I didn't give 1 star only was the food was pretty good 3-4 stars for tasty food.0 for not having human decency in service!
4	Another great find on Yelp!! I would have never know this place existed. I have eaten here twice and it has been consistently good. This is a real Hash House with several different kinds of hash!! Omelets, pancakes, waffles oh and did I almost forget the JELLY, they make about 20 different flavors and you can try as many as you want with your breakfast!! Would have been 5 stars but the biscuits and gravy could use a little work.
5	Tired of the long lines and crowded brunches, we visited a local family breakfast place called Mary's Hash House. Their menu includes super tasty and vast omelettes, hashes, waffles and eggs but the real treat of this place is their homemade jam. Take a look at my blog post about my trip to Las Vegas and this delish breakfast place! http://lagamio.com/2014/04/24/las-vegas/
4	They were featured on the food network and were voted one of the best places to have breakfast in Las Vegas by Rachael Ray.My wife and I had one the best meals in a long time. Everything is homemade including the jellies. We will be back to have their lunch specials
5	Didn't want to eat in a casino. So I didn't. This was so nice.Lovely staff. Homemade jellies. I had the jalapeno jelly and raspberry.Wow.Really good bottomless filter coffee.I am so lonely.This was respite.OK, sure, there's a TV on. Somebody said that. That's fine. You're not there to eat the TV.-Ron
5	I love going to Mary's Hash House, not to be confused with the mediocrity of the chain Hash House a Go-Go. This is a little Vegas Gem that I enjoy seeing busy and like to tell people about.    It's a no frills kind of joint (none of the coffee mugs match, which gives it extra charm to me) with excellent food! I go for the Corned Beef Hash, which is really something special in this world! They also make a killer Monte Cristo that is my second go-to. Upon straying from the hash, everything else I've tried has been quite tasty. Don't skip on the sides either. The grits are so so delicious, as well as the homemade jams!
5	Hands down, and I mean that, hands down the best breakfast in town. I love the cozy, miss matched decor and friendly vibe. It feels like you are eating a home cooked meal at a friend's house. The food, particularly the corned beef hash and the monte cristo sandwich, are fantastic. Truth be told, I'm a regular. I've becoming here for roughly 10 years. The food has never suffered once and the prices have remained affordable. Mary, the owner, is usually around ensuring everyone is enjoying their meal. Which is something you just don't see too often anymore. Love this place.
4	It was my first time to eat hash.  The word "hash" in reference to food made me uneasy, but I must say, I really enjoyed it.  Very moist and flavorful.  The homemade jams were also very tasty.  Attentive and friendly service...all in all...Enjoyable!
5	Amazing hash! If you are looking for a friendly local breakfast or brunch diner then search no further. This place serves excellent food at reasonable prices. They are head and shoulders above that hash house a no no chain.
5	This place is about as good of a breakfast place as you'll find...anywhere! The lamb hash was delicious! The cinnamon rolls and sausage patty were exceptional! Highly recommend ditching the strip and getting with Hash House!
5	Just amazing food! Mary's cooking skills are so great. Every kind of hash you want, homemade even. She even bakes amazing pastries.  Fried chicken and waffles are a must. AMAZING meatloaf. Better than grandma! Homemade jams, ketchup, and sauces. Very old school look. Want fancy, don't go to Mary's, but you want wonderful food, great service, and things homemade, Mary's is your place to go!!!!
2	I wasn't sure what to expect when I walked in but if it's been around for 20 something years? or so I thought to myself it has it has to be good? It was a Sunday morning and there a bunch of open tables. We were told to pick a table so we did. After that it took a good 20 minutes before the lady came back to get our order and I was a bit annoyed because other tables who came in after us was getting their order taken. However, they had a different server so I'm not sure why our server was slow. We ordered and the kids menu is very minimal. I ordered the original corned beef and hash with over medium eggs. My eggs came out sunny side up and runny all over the place. My corned beef hash was like burnt hash browns. The flavor was lacking and it was just overly crispy except for my eggs. On the plus side she asked if I wanted all of the peppers and onions and she was able to omit those. Overall I did not enjoy the food at all. Cool that they have homemade jelly but it didn't balance out that I had burnt food. Service was mediocre at best but it is what it is. I definitely would not come back when there are so many other breakfast places that are awesome.
5	MUST TRY THIS PLACE. You are likely to meet Mary in person; she's absolutely delightful. Make sure you try a good selection of her homemade jam recipes. The best part, though, is the hash! The Party Hash is fantastic! This is just the perfect place. Great service, great prices, great coffee, GREAT FOOD. Anyone living near here or just visiting, you HAVE to come try it.
5	Always delicious, good home cooked meals. The staff always makes you feel welcome. Good customer service.
4	This place is an awesome mom and pop establishment. Everything was home made and delicious. The hashes are phenomenal,  I had traditional and my wife had lamb. Both were great. They have a selection of home made jams/jellies to die for. Would've given them five stars but when we asked the other waitress for napkins she  told our waitress to get it for us and just stood their while we waited for it and they weren't even busy.   Go eat here the food is good
5	The bombest food in vegas. The price is right and the people are so nice. Five stars fosho!
2	If I could give this place 2 1/2 stars, I would. The food itself is actually quite good. I had a ham steak with eggs, home fries and grits. The grits weren't good, but everything else was pretty tasty. The portions were pretty good for being around $10. Other people in my party ordered pancakes which were pretty good despite not coming with any other sides. The reason this place received the rating it did is because the service that we received was just terrible. For the place being half full, we expected our food to be ready within 10-12 minutes, which is standard for the industry. Really, cooking the food we ordered shouldn't have taken more than 5-7 minutes, but we did not receive our food until 35 minutes after we placed our order. Our water glasses were never refilled and our waitress never checked up on us while we were waiting for our food. Overall, it was a disappointing experience. Hoping to find a better breakfast place off the strip next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Waited about 10 minutes to be asked about our drinks. My sister got an iced coffee and she said it tasted like the jack in the box syrup coffee. Was never asked about refills or if she wanted water also. The server was the only one for the whole restaurant. We ordered and then waited another 30 minutes for the food. In the mean time she was walking around little ramekins of jelly because there wasn't any on the tables. We weren't asked about refills or wanting anything else in the mean time. I ordered a Belgian waffle that came out cold and hard. The batter used for the waffle was plain and flavorless. My sister ordered French toast, sticky bun style. It was also cold and hard. Tasted more like a cinnamon roll than French toast. Hash browns were very plain and nothing special. We chose this place because we wanted to get off the strip for breakfast food. Now I'm hungry and disappointed.
5	Seriously serious home cookin. Everything is a amazing. Usually a choice of 4 or more homemade jellies to choose from. Homemade sausage. What?! Yeppers homemade breakfast sausage. Everything to order. Been bringing my family here for years. Happy 20 years anniversary!!
5	Without a doubt the best breakfast in Vegas. I've lived here for 3 years and have tried Just about every breakfast spot in town.  Mary's menu is original and pretty extensive but what I like the most is that everything is always cooked perfectly.  We found out about the place when we saw an episode of chopped on food network and Mary was a contestant.  Her chicken is the absolute best and I don't really like chicken but my wife ordered it one day and I tried it and now I order it almost every time.  Best Chili in town too. Everything is made from scratch.  She makes her own extensive selection of jelly and unique ketchup.  She even makes homemade doggy treats.  This is a must go to breakfast spot in Vegas
5	Great place offering a delicious, hearty breakfast at a reasonable price.  And those fresh homemade jellies were amazing.  Plus, the staff was very pleasant, attentive and welcoming.  We felt like we were locals.  This is my favorite breakfast joint in Las Vegas.
5	Try their apple butter jam. Homemade and very delicious!Very affordable and hearty portions. Delicious food. Away from the busy strip. If you have a car this is def the place to have breakfast at.
1	Should've just stopped at McDonald's. SLOW service and unfriendly waitress. Any request was answered with a sour look. Took so long for the food to come and it was not anything special. The table next to us was sitting with dirty plates and old food the entire time we were here. Will not go back.
2	I have been to the Hash House before and LOVED it. The food is soooo good but sadly this time I am only giving it 2 stars, and they are lucky to get those. We came in on Sunday 8/17 around 11:30am. It was past the breakfast rush and before the lunch rush. I don't know if it was just our server but my goodness the service was TERRIBLE. We seated ourselves as the sign requests. There were MANY empty tables yet the first thing our server told us was how busy it was. We looked around very confused, but whatever maybe they were short staffed. NOPE I counted three servers in a very small restaurant should be plenty.  It took us about 10 mins just to get coffee, which we desperately needed. Once we got the coffee I had to wait another 5 mins for the milk for the coffee. I finally gave up and went to the counter to get the milk. My server appeared to have forgotten. Since we knew this was already off to a bad start we all figured out what we wanted quickly and ordered as soon as we could get our servers attention. Getting a refill on coffee was literally like pulling teeth. We noticed the two (yes only two) other tables that were occupied commenting on how long it was taking, that they were just going to leave and so on. We were hungry so we stayed. After waiting a significant time one of my friends asked our server if our food would be out soon. Honest to goodness she looked like she either didn't know what we were talking about or was put off by us asking. She replied, "Oh, I don't know. I will go see." I am sorry...what?????After she "went to go see" our food was brought out not 5 mins later. It wasn't super hot so maybe it had been sitting there...I don't know. Anyways, the food was just as good as I remembered. The jams are sooo good. The apple and raspberry jams are amazing. I am super bummed to give the Hash House a bad review, but dang that service was NO GOOD. Get it together guys, great food is well...great, but terrible service can kill a restaurant.
4	EVERYTHING including the grits (I'm very picky when it comes to grits) was delish!!! This will be in our regular rotation!!!
3	I don't see what the hype is about this place. While the food was good, it wasn't great, and it's breakfast, how can you mess that up? We tried two different hash dishes, eggs Mary and chicken fried steak and eggs. Hash was alright, nothing special. Eggs Mary was good but I've had better chicken fried steak and it was small. Our waitress was really good though and their homemade jellies are a nice touch. At least I can say I tried the place but for me, it's not worth the trek off the strip.
3	Not bad as diner food goes. Had eggs over easy & rye toast. Just wish the toast was browner than I received.Not bad at all.
5	I absolutely love the personal service I get when I eat here.  I've been going for years and have some allergy issues and they are very careful with me.   It's like a small town diner homemade goodies waitress knows me by name.  Love the variety of hash they serve as well as the jellies which Mary personally makes.   This is the place to go when hunger strikes.
4	I'm not a morning person or a breakfast person, but I can be persuaded to do a lot if my first stop is at Hash House. Not to be confused with HAGG, up the road, this place actually has good food and service.Besides the hashes (just get the party hash that combines everything, watch out for the jalapenos, and you're good to go), there are omelets and my favorite dish, Mary's Eggs- which is Mary's take on eggs benedict. Two poached eggs on biscuits, topped with gravy and the best crispy bacon  you've ever had.Everything is sided with homemade grits (simply perfect with butter) and a bowl of fresh fruit.Their lunch options include soups, salads, and sandwiches. Monday's cream of mushroom is my personal favorite, but they're actually all pretty solid. Only open til 2PM, so run in and grab your order to go if you need to.
5	We love this place so much we keep bring more and more of our friends because all the food here is home made and I can't get that anywhere else. It is the best food in town for a real Foodie like me!!!'
3	Nice friendly service. . .Warning, eat the sticky bun at your own risk, it is sweet and I'm sure fattening.  Enough for two people.  The smoky bacon was my favorite ....mmmmmm. grits were just o.k.Tried the watermelon and apple jelly. . .reminds me of Aunt Bee from Mayberry.  This will hold me until dinner. Note: it's located in a shopping center.
4	If you are looking for some CBH, this is the spot!Right down the street from the HHAGG, this hidden gem is tucked away in a strip mall at Decatur and Sahara.This place is a small slice of Americana and the owner, Mary (featured on FoodNetwork's Chopped) is awesome! A must try if you have the chance for multiple trips is the Party Hash. Also, check out the homemade jams.Be warned that the food doesn't always come out as quick as some people would like it, but it is well worth it.
4	I would've given 5 stars, but my waitress lead me astray. First, let me start by saying that this will not be my typical, critical review but hey I am a critical person (that's why i Yelp for Help, lol). Anyhow, at first I was stuck between the choice of the salmon hash and the lobster and spinach omelet. I asked the waitress which one was better and she told me that she prefers the hash. Maybe, i shoulda went with my gut (especially because I was starving), but i heeded her advice and was severely disappointed. My salmon hash was chunks of salmon fillet spread over home fries. Maybe I was expecting something different but I was not too happy with the meal.After notifying the waitress, i switched to the lobster and spinach omelet, which was like a party in my belly! It was delicious!!! I enjoyed my meal and would def return, but next time im not asking for advice!
5	Place is old school..with great service and awesome food..and homemade jelly  and homemade cinnamon rolls!
4	Great family diner.  Everything is fresh and homemade.  Can't leave without trying the homemade jelly. Love the owner Mary is awesome. Great variety of different hashes. Sage sausage is made to order hand patted patty. Just enough sage and thyme.  Can't get enough of this place.
5	The sausage patty breakfast is delicious. Watermelon jam was delicious. There's nothing "Vegas" about the place, in fact I felt like I was back in Effingham, Illinois. The service was perfect. If you think it takes too long to get your food you're probably used to eating out of a bag in your car.
5	Literally the best cinnamon roll I've ever eaten. The service was great and the food was amazing. I'm coming back every time I visit Las Vegas!
3	...as with Mr Mama's, friendly little local place with incredibly average food...thought I would find refuge in the home made condiments they use, but even those were poorly executed...ouch...
5	We sit at the bar and drink coffee and eat some good homemade hash. Never had a bad meal here. It is small so if they are busy then you will wait.great weekday place to grab a meal
5	Hands down, by far Mary's Hash House is the most original "Mom & Pop Shop" I've ever been to.We were greeted by the owner Mary who had a big smile on her face while carrying out a fresh batch of Cinnamon Rolls.I ordered their holiday special S'mores Coffee and blueberry Oatmeal-which was actually blueberry flavored Oatmeal!  Their menu had a huge selection of Hashes, homemade low carb bread, pumpkin french toast, stuffed meatloaf ect....OMG!EVERYTHING is homemade-even their Jellies, which they bring out in 20+ different flavors on a sterling silver platter to you.Seems that all the servers have worked here 10+ years, which doesn't surprise me since the feeling of family really resonates here.Super excited to be a regular returning customer and happy I found a true home style meal in Vegas!
5	The Beat homemade everything is right here. You have to try all the hashes that are here they are the best hashes anywhere
1	I really don't write reviews here, but I have to let my voice be heard on how rude I was treated by "Mary".  Myself and 2 other co-workers ordered some food here.  He ordered a sandwich with fries, the other the San Diego omelette with hash, and myself tuna melt with fries.  When he got back we were all surprised to see that we all didn't get sides!!!! Not one of us.  Now I understand that if it said sides are extra on the menu but no it says "comes with your choice or sides!!! And to make it even more "wtf" my sandwich and my buddies omelette are in one box!!!!! Really "Mary"?!?!So I called and "Mary" answered it ( the reason I put quotations on this is because she said she was Mary the owner but you never know). So I told her that we didn't get any sides.  She replied that's how we ordered it......yes Mary all 3 of us decided we all don't want sides so that we can keep our figures.....OH NO!!! We are hungry boys working morning till night!!! I told her no we ordered 2 fries and one hash.  Her response was, "no you didn't". I also told her that even both my main order and my buddies main order were in the same box. Her response, "that's how you wanted it". Yes of course Mary we wanted our food together so that we can recreate the scene from Lady and the Tramp!!! So then she just cut me short and ask, "so what do you want"......Excuse me?!?! I told her well cutting your attitude to a customer would be nice.  To which she replied again, "that's how you wanted it, so what do you want?"  After that I asked her for her name and she said, "Mary, the owner.  Well Mary the owner.  Thank you for no sides even though you gave us a bottle of ketchup!!!! And thank your for your gracious attitude Mary! You remind me of the character "Mom" from Futurama.  Look it up Mary.....I will definitely not come here anymore. And will let everyone know about your attitude.  Like I said I don't do reviews unless it's super awesome service, or someone treated me bad.  You fell on that Mary.  Best of luck to you and your business....(also check out my pics on here on how our food was presented along with their menu)
5	I LOVE this place!!!I am soooo impressed with the quality of food!So fresh, the turkey hash was delicious!Eggs were good, toast good, hash browns good, and the combination of all of that on the plate with the Smokin' Habanero Sauce made it AMAZING!!!!
