5	I opened the door to Chocolate Heaven today, and it's hard to believe that I walked out.This little chocolate boutique holds some of the most treasured items that many women can only dream of.  It's local, made in Montreal by the owners, and amazing customer service (I gave her my wishlist and I got all the suggestions and info I needed!) I honestly appreciate handmade things a lot more than mass manufactured. This store is amazing as for the presentation on the truffles. When purchasing finer gourmet truffles, I would like them to look great too, so Briimstone does not disappoint!Here is some fun facts:- They make their own truffles with many different combinations and I think there is a truffle for everyone here.- Peanut Butter Lovers - Drop what you're doing, march to the boutique - Handmade Peanut Butter Cups, and Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge. (comes in personal consumption sizes)- They make their own desserts, turkish delights, and greek shortbread, chocolate barks, - They carry some amazing looking gourmet chocolate bars (I can't remember all the names, but there were some organic ones in there)- They make pretty little gift packs- They have a line of chocolates in their from Seattle that have these awesome packagingVerdicts on the Truffles I Tried:Mint Truffle with White chocolate outside and dark chocolate inside - Hands down one of my favouritesNutella Truffle: Purely amazingDark Chocolate and Maple: It was good but for my tastes, a bit too rich and sweet (I know what you're thinking, it's supposed to be)In addition to this a bite of their rice crispy chocolate bar: YUMStill waiting to be consumed:Coconut White Chocolate TruffleCoconut Handmade MarshmallowMint Chocolate Squareand when I got home I realized that I didn't mention that I was going to purchase the handmade salted caramel bar. So now I have to go back and tried more! :D They don't have a website, but you can find them on FB.
4	Briimstone is a small neighbourhood shop that's packed with chocolate goodies that are sure to please any chocolate lover. From homemade truffles and fudge, to chocolate bars and macarons, you would be hard-pressed not to find something that you like. For all you fans of peanut butter: Briimstone's PB cup seems to be quite elusive so you'd better call ahead to see if they have any in stock. Rumour has it that it's a highly sought-after item and they have a hard time keeping it in stock. Sadly, there were none left for me, so I went with the next best thing: a mini peanut butter fudge cupcake. I enjoyed this with my coffee this morning and found it to be a perfectly balanced blend of chocolate and peanut butter. I normally expect fudge to be overly sweet but in this case, it was simply perfect. My teeth didn't start screaming after the first bite, which is usually a good indicator of how sweet something is. I give it a 3/5 on the sweetness scale. I picked up a few random truffles as well:Razzmatazz (Dark chocolate/raspberry): The shell was nice and crunchy, and then all of a sudden, an explosion of sweet tartness that is beyond AH-mazing. It was definitely more sour than what I'm used to but this is not a bad thing. This one's definitely got some zing to it!Lime: I found this to be underwhelming. You really don't taste the lime and the overall flavour was bland. Orange: Same as the Lime. I also found this to be bland and have had a better experience with other chocolate brands such as Lindt, where you can really taste the citrus.Pomegranate: The shell was thick and had a good consistency. The taste of pomegranate was light and unassuming. I'm still debating on whether or not I would prefer a more powerful pomegranate taste or leave this one as-is. Will have to try again!Mate latte: Awesome. You could really taste the coffee flavour that is consistent with a latte.Almond spice something: This was OK but I'm not a big fan of spice with my chocolate so I'm probably not the best to judge this one. I'm not sure what spice they used but it seemed to taste more than the chocolate did. Overall, I liked this shop, but I think I still prefer Suite 88. To be fair, they were low on stock when I went, so I think I'll have to go back and do some more taste testing :-)
5	Owned by twin sisters, one evil twin, one presumably not ; )My kids LOVE this place for it's wonderful, personalized service and delicious homemade chocolates and fudge. The macarons are Excellent! We have indulged in Laduree macarons in Paris, and we think these are just the best! The "turtles" are also great- You gotta go!
