5	This is a beautiful new yoga studio right in the downtown Phoenix area.  I took my first class there last night after finding their website on the net.  This place is just what I have been looking for. I have been practicing at another studio that is now (due to a recent move) farther from my home.  I have tried lots of different studios in the last 9 months with the purpose of finding a place to practice that is closer to home.  I think this is it!..The energy of the place is very inviting.  The staff is super-friendly......and the class last night was just what I needed.  They have the cutest stuff in the boutique (I am obsessed with yoga tshirts).....It is a green business, so most of the items in the boutique are earth-friendly as well.  The prices can't be beat.  I look forward to taking more classes in the next couple of weeks....(they have a 2 week for $25 new student special)
5	I loved this place and was glad it was my first yoga experience. I went to the 7am fundamentals class that was instructed by Todd.. I got there early and the place was empty, filled out my forms praying that another person would show up for class no one did.. so I got a private class with Todd which is amazing since private sessions are always so expensive but scary as hell feeling completely out of shape and being the only one there.. However, Todd made the class very relaxing and I felt perfectly comfortable even with my legs shaking and feet slipping all over the place.. By the end of the session end with him having me test some harder poses and a nice breathing/meditation at the end.. He gave me a hug when I said I found the studio at Yelp :) I am going to be sore, can already feel it but can't wait to go back for another class.. I would highly recommend this studio its beautiful and the people are very caring about their students..
5	This studio is hip, clean and altogether great looking.  There's a nice selection of goods and the staff is both friendly and helpful.  The studio is large and comfortable with a mirrored front wall and a rustic brick side wall.  There are private rooms for independent or small-group practice and massage is supposedly going to be added in the immediate future.I'm relatively new to Yoga, having only taken classes intermittently and never in a real studio.  UY made me feel comfortable from my first class and left me wanting to return.  There are all levels offered and even the beginner classes leave me feeling refreshed and invigorated (and, yes, sore the next day!).  There are a lot of options in Yoga studios but Urban Yoga should definitely be on your list.
5	After years of wanting to give yoga a try, I finally signed up for a class at Urban Yoga (after reading about it on Yelp). Their website was very helpful- listing class schedules, providing detailed descriptions of each class and bios for all instructors. I was able to sign up online and with my ASU ID even qualified for a student discount. Urban Yoga is located on the first floor of a large building at Central and Lexington, and there is a small parking garage located right next to the studio, offering free parking. The studio is incredibly chic! It has a loftish feel with super-high ceilings and exposed air ducts. The paint inside is both soothing and exciting at the same time. The boutique is stocked with yoga-wear, mats, books and other delicious smelling products. Another huge plus are the free lockers in the bathrooms to store purses, workout bags, etc... My instructor for my Yoga Fundamentals class was Kristina. If this is your first experience with yoga, I would 100% recommend that you sign up for one of Kristina's classes. She was really helpful in helping us master the poses and was very attentive to our needs. She also challenged us to experiment with the new poses in order for each of us to find the right sensations. Her class is incredibly relaxing, yet I still felt that I had experienced a great workout. Upon leaving the studio, I thought to myself that I hadn't felt that relaxed or stress free in a very long time. What a wonderful experience!
5	Beautiful studio in the heart of uptown Phoenix. The staff is super friendly and so dedicated to this venue. You'll love the beautiful changing rooms, the gorgeous studios and the talented staff. Try and get a class with Danielle if you can! I've also heard great things about the Kundalini...I need to try!
5	L dragged me to try yoga at Urban Yoga this week.  We took Urban Flow on Monday and Urban Zen on Wednesday.  LOVED IT!  This is my first experience to try yoga outside of LA Fitness.  It is top notch here.  Urban Flow was hard but it push me to go a little more, but since it was my first class with them.  The instructor came by quite a bit to modify the moves for me.  L and I was sore so we came back on Wed for the Urban Zen, it was a nice change from the Flow class.  I love you can read the description and sign up for class online.  YEAH, YEAH, and a HELL YEAH for this place!!!
5	I know what you are thinking looking at my photo - dude, you're fat. You can't do yoga. Not only that but I am as flexible as a board. Nevertheless, I took advantage of the Groupon recently that provided one month unlimited yoga and a 60 minute Swedish massage for $50 - so I am definitely going to get as much as I can from the place. One thing I really like is that it is conveniently located next to the light rail. The Osborne stop is right there in front of the studio. My first visit I thought it was difficult to find - the studio is on the side of the Lexington One building, but I couldn't see that from the street. There is a parking garage next to the studio which makes parking convenient if you drive. The studio is very clean and peaceful. I like the boutique, although they do not have many fat boy clothes. The locker rooms are very nice and clean. I love the sinks. A locker is available to store your items while in class. The rooms where the classes are held are nice and spacious. I started with the Slow Flow class and have also went to the Zen class. Both instructors were excellent and even though I looked like Kung-Fu Panda, I didn't feel uncomfortable. It was interesting to see that the students were all ages, both men and women. A very good mix and all have been friendly. The staff is friendly and helpful. If you do not have a yoga mat, you can rent one for $2.If you live in Central Phoenix, this would be an ideal location. The problem for me is that I live way out in Queen Creek, so I doubt I go on the weekends, but it isn't too bad coming from work. Definitely give this place a try if you live in town. Don't worry if you have never tried yoga - I have found the staff and instructors very helpful in working with newbies.
5	I purchased a month's worth of unlimited yoga from a groupon. First of all, let me applaud Urban Yoga for this brilliant marketing idea. As soon as I walked in their for my first day, I was hooked. The setting is beautiful and spacious. They have an extensive store, complete locker room (with fantastic showers!), and firm but patient instructors. I had recently recovered from a foot injury and the instructor personally showed me how to move into poses without stressing my weakened foot muscles. Absolutely worth the monthly pass price. I can't wait to go back again!
4	UPDATE:Since my last review, the folks at Urban Yoga and I have had a couple of in-depth conversations about my experiences. It is nice to see a local business committed to customer communication.They listened to my concerns and made several suggestions for things I could do to make my time spent at their business less frustrating. As it stands, I would not recommend any of the Urban/Power/Candlelight Flow classes to a beginner, whether you are new to yoga altogether or just new to the vinyasa style. They recommend Slow Flow and they offer it a couple of times a week (more are planned to be scheduled). The Core class and Zen class are still going to be in my regular rotation -- they give a good workout regardless of your level. And as I mentioned before the boutique is really fabulous--even if you don't do yoga!ORIGINAL REVIEW (***) I am blown away by all of the positive reviews of this place, really. I have been practicing yoga off and on for nearly 13 years. I am comfortable with many poses and even know the Sanskrit names for some of them. But somehow I still get lost in UY's "flow" classes and the instructors seem totally ok with that. I tried 2 different "urban flow" classes and a "candlelight flow". They often didn't demonstrate a sequence at all and one explained it away saying she didn't want students to think we need to look like she does... Isn't the whole reason I am getting instruction is so that my form can get as close to perfect as possible? I've taken a lot of Bikram, and the instructors don't perform the poses, but they make up for that by giving explicit, descriptive, and consistent direction. Here, they say "now do your own vinyasa and let's meet back in downward dog" and you are supposed to divine from that "move from plank, to chaturanga dandasana, to cobra, to d dog." I mean, I gathered that... But they can't say something like, "now let's do the vinyasa flow together once"? I was never asked how long I have been doing yoga, or if I had any injuries or anything--questions I have been asked at every other studio I have been to. My friend is new to yoga, he struggled for the whole hour, only getting help from the teacher once... She said if anyone got lost, to watch the girls in the front of the room--who were all doing different things, and who we only had one view of (the back) since they line the class up with the mirrors on the side instead of the front. This was the second flow class I brought him to, and it was just as confusing to him as the first. He didnt know what "do your vinyasa" meant, if it was supposed to be the same each time... And he was left to flounder in a class that is supposedly great for all levels. If an instructor or series is not actually explained for beginners, it should be listed clearly as recommended for intermediate or advanced.We did not receive any recommendations on how to modify, how to use the props... just "do your own vinyasa and watch someone else." She finally came by and handed him a block--nearly 50 minutes into the class.After my first couple of classes, I thought maybe this studio is just ideally suited to experienced yogis, but I am experienced and I still felt lost and unimportant to my instructors. What I think now, is that Urban is designed with their own regulars in mind. If you are willing to tough out enough classes to learn all the shorthand-speak that is used in lieu of actual direction, you might be able to get a good practice from them. If you already know all the common vinyasa flow sequences, you may also do alright, I don't know. I have done years of hatha, Bikram, and even taken kundalini, ashtanga and vinyasa classes before and I've always done ok. And here I did ok. But not great. I didn't feel good when I got out of class, I felt inadequate and exhausted from trying to catch up for over an hour.Two classes, urban core and urban zen, were both taught with instructors that demonstrated both full and modified poses, so I am giving them a star for that. I enjoyed those classes and the instructors. I got a workout and felt pushed in all the best ways. Plus, the space itself--both studios, lockerrooms, and retail, is all really gorgeous and well-maintained.  Between the space and the location they get another star, you can't beat being right at the lightrail or free parking fir convenience.Maybe vinyasa just isn't really my thing, after all. Maybe the last time I took a vinyasa class and liked it, I just had a particularly energized and helpful instructor and I got the wrong impression.  I get a way better workout, feel much more focused, and receive more instructor engagement at the Bikram studi
5	I found my happy place.
4	I, too, hate to see a great deal pass me by.  Therefore, I am also one of the many people to take advantage of the Groupon.  I signed up on Memorial Day and have been three times this week.  It has been a while since I have practiced yoga regularly, and I wanted to use this opportunity as a jump start to get back into it.My first interaction with Urban Yoga was online; there is a ton of information available (class schedules, class descriptions, instructor bios and pics, and even new student FAQs).  I found everything I needed from the website and the other Yelp reviews letting me know where to park.The staff is very helpful and welcoming.  The boutique is super-cute with a ton of unique products.  I have tried three different classes (Urban Zen, Urban Flow, and Slow Flow).  So far I have enjoyed each one and look forward to going back as many days as I can to get full use of the unlimited month.  I enjoy how each instructor has a different style, that mixes things up and I feel I can learn different things from each one .The locker rooms are nice and clean.  Magazine and book exchange = cool!  I hate tossing magazines.  Complimentary tea, very nice!  I rented a "hand towel" once for a $1, personally, I would have considered it a "washcloth" not a "hand towel," but hey, it was better than nothing.  Now I know to bring my own towel.I'll be sure to update my review with any new information once my month is over.  The massage is scheduled for a few weeks out, looking forward to it!!  For right now I am loving the calm energy I get from the classes and the drive home with my yummy VitaCoco!!  It's my new favorite thing!!
5	When I first moved to the Valley in 2005 I struggled to find a yoga studio that met my needs.  After many years of being forced to take yoga at corporate gyms, health clubs, and elitist studios, I was thrilled and elated to find Urban Yoga a convenient half mile away from my home.  The first day I set foot at Urban I felt so welcomed, and the instructor took so much personal interest in my to help grow my yoga practice.  I took two classes in a row that day (which is just about one year ago to the day) and have taken hundreds of classes there since.  I even signed up for teacher training at Urban and am now certified to teach.  Urban is like a home to me-- the community atmosphere at Urban cannot be matched by any other yoga studio.  These folks really care about their customers and the focus is 100% on the practice of yoga-- not about what clothes you're wearing (though the boutique there is very cute) or how hot your bod is.  You can be yourself at Urban and you will make friends.Central Phoenix is budding with yoga studios now but don't be fooled.  Urban is the real deal.  It's beautiful studio filled with wonderful people and I highly recommend it over any others.  Namaste!
4	Love! Urban Yoga is an excellent find here in Central Phoenix.  I used to drive all the way to Scottsdale and Paradise Valley for my yoga classes. I loved the studio and teachers but was never thrilled about the drive. When my favorite yogini left the state of AZ, I was left to find a new place to train my mind, body , and spirit. I tried two other studios in close proximity to where I live. I never felt the comfort, challenge, or connection I had before. I found Urban Yoga and it is exactly what I am looking for. I looked at the studios website URBANYOGAPHX.COM before going over for a class. It has detailed descriptions of all of the classes and teachers.It tells you all about the studio and what it has to offer. As soon as I walked in to Urban Yoga, I felt comfortable. I was greeted by a friendly girl at the front desk. She was very engaging and showed me around the studio before the start of class. The over all vibe at the studio just feels comfortable.  Its esthetically pleasing and kept clean. The class was excellent. Lindsey was the teacher and she had a great energy and knowledge of yoga. I like that the class is one hour. It is just the right amount of time. I also had a class with Megan and it was very challenging. I loved it. I enjoy the variety of teachers and styles that Urban Yoga offers. I am full of gratitude to have found Urban Yoga. NAMASTE.
5	I freakin' love this place. When I pressed the star rating and saw, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I nodded my head in agreement. It was 24 Hour Fitness that got me into yoga in the first place. I evolved, from a Tuesday night Vinyasa Flow class with Debra, to three days a week at Urban, and I'm loving every second of it, downward facing dog poses and all. I love the instructors. I love how said instructors make sure everyone is on the same page, and assist you to nail the perfect pose. I love the Urban Flow and High Noon classes. I love it all. There aren't yoga snobs like there are at other studios. The place is beautiful, offers free covered parking at One Lexington, and is literally within 50 feet of the Central / Osborn light rail station. Also being 17, its 5 bucks a class until my birthday in May. Urban Yoga is fantastic.
5	Teachers are friendly, knowledgable and patient. Great atmosphere. Private lot. Go at night during candle light flow and melt your stress away.
4	Thanks to Groupon, I have found another great yoga studio at which to practice.  The space is really well designed, and the merchandising is incredibly well done.  The bathrooms/locker area are super clean, well-maintained, and it is nice to have a spot to tuck your stuff away... instead of just tossing it all on the floor, as I do at other studios.I have attended a few classes and really enjoyed each one.  I'm not used to the lack of music, but I'm getting used to it... the classes move a little bit more slowly, but that seems to allow for more adjustments to be made - which I love! I also had a massage, which was so relaxing.  I wish that was something that I could regularly splurge on... because it was fantastic.After my month is up, I probably won't continue regularly, since the studio isn't super close to my house... but I definitely have some feel-good vibes for this spot.
5	Urban Yoga is a great mix of what every yogi/yogini is looking for at one time or another:  Great Instructors (Kate, Katie, Kat, Mary Bruce,etc.), great products, calming environment, massage therapist on-site, awesome location, and so much more.  In fact, I'm attending Kate's class today at 4:30pm!I often read reviews of someone that is "trying yoga for the first-time" and can empathize with them.  It is daunting to go to a new place, feel as though you are starting at the beginning and all the while, your mind CANNOT turn off (Did I lock my car?  I'm hungry.  I like her outfit.).  Urban Yoga is a great place for a newbie or yoga practitioner with years of experience.  I've only been practicing intentionally for about 3 years and continue to learn and experience it.  Yoga is a practice, not a perfect.  The most important part of it?  Show Up, Be Present, Do The Work.
3	Lovely studio with fresh instructors and late classes which is a necessity for me.First week for newbies is $25.  I tried 4 of their classes and enjoyed them all.
5	I love this place. I came here because of the amazing Groupon purchased last spring and I just bought another package a few weeks ago. I took my first month of yoga in the summer because I am a school teacher and wanted to give it some real time (and get my $50 worth!). I went for 4 weeks taking 3-4 classes a week (all Slow Flow) and I LOVED it. I also had a massage and it was fabulous. I am not new to yoga but my practice has either been on my own (Rodney Yee Dvd's) or some random classes at gyms and one 10 class package at a studio back east.  It had been awhile since I practiced and I would say yoga had never before been a "regular" part of my routine. I wanted to try the more beginner level classes. I like them so much I haven't even thought of going to a "harder" one :)I am a runner, so my yoga practice is more of a calming, restorative balance to the high intensity of my "normal" workouts. Every instructor that I've gone to at Urban Yoga has been phenomenal. Every single one introduces herself and asks about experience/injuries at the start of classes. I love the chilled-out vibe of the whole studio and I love the teaching styles of the instructors. As an athlete in a sport that is composed of constant "judgments" (clocks, races, paces, etc) it is so refreshing to counterbalance that with the positive, calming, flow of the classes taught at Urban Yoga. I decided to try Danielle's Urban Zen class this afternoon because there was no Slow Flow at 4:30pm and it was AWESOME. I have never felt more relaxed and the gentle stretching was exactly what my overworked body needed from all the miles of pounding the pavement from running. I am seeing & feeling such positive changes since beginning to practice (somewhat regularly) at Urban Yoga. I highly recommend!
4	Urban is a great studio! Classes are always available so it's easy to get a yoga class around your busy schedule.
5	This studio is a slice of heaven for me! Urban has everything you want in a yoga studio- friendly and active staff, awesome boutique with fantastic sales, and an overall zen feeling with the decor and music. This instructors are superb and you can always find one that fits exactly what you are looking to get out of your practice. I highly recommend you use their new student deal and try as many classes as you can in that period. This helps find the instructor and class you enjoy the most. They always have a different monthly deal on memberships so make sure you ask about that. As for the boutique side of things, its amazing. Such a great place to get small gifts for anyone on your list and also treat yourself to some new yoga gear. Marisa, the owner, is also the buyer and travels to buy things that are fair-traded and unique. Try Urban, trust me you wont be let down.
5	One of my favorite yoga studios!  No pressure, just the freedom to enjoy your practice,...and they offer massage!!  Massage & yoga go hand in hand!  Check them out, you won't regret it! :o)
1	pretentious, stuffy and more geared toward retail than the practice of yoga. Went once, will never go again
4	Very cool vibe in this warehouse like studio hidden under a condominium building.  I did the two week trial and sampled many of the classes they offer. My favorite is taught Wednesday around 4pm with an instructor named Danielle, her class is nothing like I have ever experienced. Not only will you chill out with this yin class you will be offered vibration and sound therapy using a singling bowl and mallet placed on your chest.  Some folks are not into this technique but for those that are, you will not be disappointed.
4	I'm a total yoga noob, attending my first class about a year and a half ago. I viewed it as a great workout and break from my more typical training, involving mostly lifting a lot of heavy shit (i.e. weights) and some running. While I enjoyed it, nothing really resonated with me at the time. Spending the last year or so doing some pretty intense self reflection and major work on staying 'present' when faced with...well, life I guess, I decided it was time to bring yoga back into my world. Enter Urban Yoga. The location is perfect, (within walking distance from my building) the space is gorgeous and has a very calming feel to it. The staff seem to be genuine and all very helpful, and each class I've attended has felt incredibly comfortable, even for a fairly reserved person such as myself.  The only time I felt uncomfortable was last night when I attended my first Ashtanga class. Actually, uncomfortable is an understatement. Prior to this I had only experienced the Urban Flow class and Core Vinyasa Flow. I immediately thought I was in over my head with all the Sanskrit Asana call outs, all with little to no explanation and I had a little bit of a panic attack moment. I'm dead serious when I say that I was just about to freak out, grab my mat and get the hell out of there when I accepted that my fear and feelings of inferiority were just that, mine. No one was laughing at the doofus in the corner all doe eyed and scared shitless. I took a deep breath (or many) and kept up the best I could. I'm glad I stayed because I left feeling great psychically and mentally and like I had taken a huge step to overcome an issue that has haunted me probably since birth, or at least chip away at a part of it. Studio Yoga is not cheap folks...anywhere, including Urban Yoga But the benefits I have personally received from continuing to make the effort to get up and go far outweigh the cost. Six months ago I would have walked right out of there and never come back out of feeling foolish and being embarrassed. Six months ago I would have been embarrassed to admit that I felt foolish and embarrassed. (sounds funny, but trust me, being that self aware is pure hell) Not yesterday. Not tomorrow either. I highly recommend Urban Yoga.
5	While struggling to maintain balance in my life, a daily practice is helped immensely by a beautiful space, knowledgeable staff and stimulating curriculum.I've got some experience in yoga, ayurveda and have travelled a bit in Asia. I had the fortune to spend some time in Mysore studying ashtanga, at an ashram in Pune as well as vipassana in Chiang Mai.In my travels through the States and around the world I have had the fortune to study under amazing teachers in humble rooms and exotic locales. These experiences have made me quite particular in my choice of studios.Urban Yoga meets or exceeds all my expectations.It is hard to get over how beautiful it is. One continually notes the nuanced attention: from the door handles to the floors in the locker rooms. But as beauty can be a thin surface, the honest appreciation comes through while coming to class every day: the classes available seven days a week many from 6:30 AM to 8:00 PM. Online scheduling, teacher summaries (and what excellent, passionate teachers!).My favorite part? The little lending library that reminds me of all the libraries I would see in ex-pat cafes while travelling in India.Pricing is quite reasonable also. Tip: they seem to offer some kind of package special every month.
4	I've been hearing good things about Urban Yoga for almost a year now from a few of my friends, so I finally made it over there to try it out!  As a teacher, I enjoy a fabulous two week break at Christmas, which coincides very nicely with their awesome two week, $25, unlimited yoga introductory package. Done, I signed up to give it a try!To start, I like that they offer classes at several different hours of the day to accommodate various work schedules (as early as 6:30 in the morning and as late as 7:30 in the evening).  I also really like that their class schedule online is updated regularly and is accurate, though I wish it wasn't a flash site so I could check times on my iphone.  The studio is very modern and spacious, and I really like that they provide an array of items for students to use to assist them in their practice (blocks, blankets, bolsters, and sand bags).  As someone who used to take yoga at the gym, this is a nice perk.  I also appreciate that their classes are all offered for different levels, as opposed to "generic" classes that are more "one size fits all."  I think this really allows everyone to grow.  It also is giving me something to work towards.  So far, I have been very happy with the instructors I have come across, and really appreciate their hands-on approach, offering a block where appropriate, modifying a pose for maximum benefit, or helping to deepen a stretch.Overall, a wonderful yoga studio experience, and especially with their great new student special, I would recommend anyone give them a try!
5	I love you.
5	Great experience with really strong instructors. Studio is very nice. Easy access on Central right off the rail line.
5	I'm obsessed.  Plain and simple, I love Urban Yoga.  They offer a wide range of classes (beginners-experts, kids yoga, gong yoga, candlelight yoga) with all types of instructors.  I signed up for two weeks of unlimited yoga for a measly twenty five bucks.  I feel great! I really enjoy the Astonga class or any other classes taught by Danielle Godfrey.  I feel like she really gets it...what I mean by that is that she knows how to teach and knows how to come over and adjust you in just the right way for awesome things to happen.   The classes start early in the morning and go through til around 7:30pm.  In addition to yoga classes, they also have a ton of yoga gear (clothes, mats, etc.), books for trading, jewelry, and more.  I look forward to each class and have noticed changes in my body already!  The space is super chill and clean and I highly recommend you try it out for yourself as soon as possible.  Namaste.
5	This place is great. I had a Groupon 1 month unlimited classes. There are many classes available for all levels. The place is clean and very modern. I enjoy the Foundations class, Jenny Brown is a great instructor. Everyone should try this place, you we will be hooked.
5	Did the new member trial and now a regular.  As a beginner appreciate the instructors.    Great April special going on now!
5	Love the yoga, love the instructors. The studio has an amazing feel to it, open windows & high ceilings with beautiful (yes, beautiful) duct work. I've seen on their website they are going to be offering a 300 hr yoga training, I am seriously considering taking this course to add onto my 200 hr, all of the teachers here seem very knowledgable & unique.
2	It was an ok studio.
5	I've been attending Urban Yoga for several years. And although I've seen instructors come and go, the studio always calls me back. It's a beautiful, warm space, and I've always felt wonderfully welcomed. My class choices shift, depending on whether I'm injured, tired, wanting a more vigorous practice . . .  and the schedule provides according to my needs. I'm a huge fan of Emily's classes. She is keen on serving the needs of her students and provides excellent instruction based on those needs. Tara provides a powerful and satisfying practice, and Danielle's Zen and Slow Flow classes provide for those times when the body asks for something quieter. Regardless of the class I take, by the time that I'm settled into savasana, I am more connected, calm, and centered than before I walked in the studio doors.
5	LOVE the physical attributes of this studio...by far one of the most beautiful studios I've been to...the high ceilings, the floor to ceiling windows and the industrial design make it an interesting and peaceful place to do yoga.  My favorite instructor is....well, maybe I shouldn't say because then there will be a waiting list for my class!!!  Decent prices, especially if you buy in a package and really awesome boutique in the front where you can buy some spectacular handmade jewelry and lovely yoga accoutrements.
4	I started up at Urban Yoga in mid-July and took advantage of the 2 weeks for $25 for the new students.  After that, one can receive a small discount on a 6 or 12-month package, so I purchased a six month package.   I live in downtown Phoenix and did my research. This was the cheapest and closest yoga studio which has numerous classes throughout the day to fit a lot of different schedules.  The weekend schedules are kind of lacking though. I have enjoyed the classes I have attended. I prefer all-level flow, urban flow, slow flow, and some of the workshops. Zen yoga is not my thing, but the instructors who teach it do a great job.  Most of the instructors introduce themselves and attempt to learn everyone's names, but not all.  Most everyone is rather friendly and helps you with poses in a nice way.  This is one major difference between fitness center yoga and studio yoga - they truly help you get the poses correct.  Most instructors have great music that isn't too loud but just right for the course. However, there are a few instructors that either have the music way too loud or don't speak loud enough, so I cannot hear what they're saying. I know a friend of mine who goes here too said the same thing, so it isn't just my hearing. I really enjoy almost every class I have attended.  The studio itself is clean and nice with decent-priced clothing and accessories and yoga mats.  The large room in front is nice, though they often open the doors even in hot weather. I currently have about six mosquito bites from a variety of classes I have attended in the last four days.   The studio does not offer hot yoga or any other types of classes. This wasn't a problem for me, since hot yoga would be too hot for me, and they keep the main yoga room around 80-85 (from when I've peeked at the thermostat), which is plenty warm for me. The parking is great - free parking in the Lexington One garage right next to the studio or free street marking at meters after 5pm or weekends/holidays.  I was initially worried about how many spots would be open, but I always find a spot.  The workshops I have attended have been good so far. I went to a workshop where we focused on back bends and techniques in which to improve and a fall-themed workshop. What I really enjoy about this studio is each instructor brings his/her unique qualities to each class taught.  None of them are the same. Some have music, some don't.  Even with the same instructors, I never have the same exact class. Also, there is filtered water available if one brings a water bottle to fill.  There is a charge for towels, so bring a towel if you expect to sweat (I often do!)  The studio also has massages available, starting at $50 per hour, I think. One of the massage therapists comes into some of the classes and helps adjust and provide some mini-massages.  There are two foundations classes per week. I had been to yoga for many years, but these are still helpful for review.
4	I travel for work all the time so I am always visiting new studios.  I went to two classes at Urban yoga - both candlelight flow classes.  Fantastic space, great teachers, friendly students.  I highy recommend this place for locals and travelers!
5	I was stranded in Phoenix for several days due to Hurricane Sandy and I thought to myself, "Well, I might as well do a bunch of yoga." So that's what I did. The first class I took made me far less stressed about being stranded. The teacher was kind and also highly talented. After class, I asked to fill my water bottle and the front desk staff person gave me a bottle for free. These two instances show how much of a community that has obviously been built at Urban Yoga. It is clear these people really care and also live the yoga sutras on and off the map. Aside from the mushy stuff, this is an excellent studio. I took three classes from three different teachers and was impressed by all three. I have been doing yoga for 20 years now and am fairly picky but in every possible way, Urban Yoga was just wonderful.
4	Great studio, but I wish there was a longer package duration.  I travel significantly and finishing a 50 session package within one year was tough.  I now have to spend $25 to extend the package I already paid $500 for...I will follow-up with management and update this review...hopefully
5	Talk about customer service -- they emailed me and offered to extend my expired sessions for one year.  Definitely helps, since otherwise those would have gone to waste.  Awesome!
3	Commercialized yoga--notwithstanding the fact that all western yoga is commercialized. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. The studio was very nice and included a locker room with showers. I thought all the teachers were solid. Standard big-city prices. Check their website, but I think it was ~$12-15 per class with all sorts of package deals etc.
2	I agree with what was recently mentioned . . . there are a few instructors that have the music way too loud and the class can't hear them.  Meh.  A yoga studio should be a peaceful place.  If I want to hear yelling and loud music then I'll go to a rock concert.
5	I fell in love with this place from the start...the ambiance is excellent and all the instructors are lovely beings. The owners travel asia alot and ship alot of cool stuff into the boutique so you will find some items for sale you probably could only find somewhere deep online. I HIGHLY recommend Sierra Campbells Zen Flow candlelight yoga! You will leave feeling so blissfull!! Also a class that is just as good as the zen candlelight flow is Emily Hornings Urban Flow(abit more challenging) and her zen yoga(total relaxation restorative class). Both instructors are my favorite in the entire Phoenix area, and you will instantly fall in love! Worth every penny! Go gogogogogogo nowwwww! ~
5	This is a fabulous place!  I loved the atmosphere from the moment I walked in.  The staff, instructors and and the message therapist are all great.  I always leave my classes or my massage feeling relaxed and refreshed.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone interested yoga!
5	Urban is the best yoga studio in the Valley, and is essentially my second home. I have been practicing yoga in Arizona since 2008 and have tried almost every studio and know most of the well-known teachers. Urban has the best physical practice spaces of any studio, the most experienced and knowledgeable teachers, and the warmest sense of community. There is simply no reason to go anywhere else!
5	Great space with a variety of classes. Danielle and Molly's classes never disappoint and thoughtful modifications are provided so that all levels may practice without feeling intimidated.  Wendy also gives fabulous massages. I truly enjoy the studio being so close to home and work. Also, the studio's selection of clothing, jewelry, etc. is fantastic for yourself or if you need a gift for someone.
5	Try to catch Emily's class -you will not be disappointed. She's amazing.  Gorgeous downtown studio.  Free Garage parking. Friendly staff. Great monthly deals...Update to original post just to say that Hamid and Kate are additional instructors that I would highly recommend! Namaste:)
3	After a day of driving from LA to PHX, I needed a good unwind and stretch. Sunday morning flow sounded like a great idea, and this place seemed like the right place to go.The class was described as a level 2-3, which sounded more intimidating than it turned out to be. It was slower paced than I'm used to, and not super hard IMO. The instructor was a sub and although he suggested modifications, didn't seem to do much hands-on adjusting with the students which I usually like. Either way, the class was good for the $10 student admission fee I paid. But if this was located in LA, I probably wouldn't go since there are much better (and more challenging) classes at home. Call me a LA yoga snob (#dontcare).
5	Today I went to my first yoga class everIt was the one hour and fifteen minute slow flow class with Danielle GodfreyI had never done yoga before today and I honestly did not know what to expectUpon my arrival the front desk girl was very nice and helpfulI told her it was my first timeand she gave me the run down as far as prices, mat rentals, and bathroomsThe mens bathroom is very nice; lockers are provided free of charge and the layout is just very niceShe also wasn't pushy on me signing up for a membershipI told her that yoga was just something I would like to do every now and then so I will probably pay the $10 student drop in rate whenever I want to go againI am very athletic and I play volleyball religiouslybut yoga was just something differentIt was like a total connect between the mind and the bodyThe inhaling and exhaling were both very exhilarating Danielle was very great in instructing and she didn't go too fast or too slowI was able to catch on to things pretty easily and when she noticed that I, or other new people, were trying to figure a pose she would help us individually or slowly demonstrate the entire pose overThe studio itself is very nice and it was pretty warm but I'm sure that was just my body stretching all around like a pretzelSeveral of us were really sweating so it made the yoga workout a much more captivating experienceIn my mind I kept picturing Bradley Cooper in Failure to Launch doing yogaAll in all, my experience at today's yoga class was very educational and necessary for my bodyI will continue to be a regular drop in student and hopefully work my way up and down in classesNamaste!
5	I decided earlier this year that I wanted to try adding yoga to my exercise regime since I've done so much HIIT training and thought the flexibility would be a great addition to my routine during the week. The only other time I had tried yoga was a free class at Lululemon and another free class at my apartment complex and they left a little to be desired. Let me tell you though, going to an actual studio is WAY different and I believe you get so much more out of it! It took me several months to actually get up the courage to finally signup for my first class but since I have, I can't imagine not going now. Signup is easy and you can chose to register for classes on their website or just show up and check in at the front. Parking is super easy and the location is in a very nice building. They have a great 2 week trial program for newbies and it allows you to try unlimited classes for $25. I've also paid full price for one month at $119 and scored an awesome deal last month for a $59 special for a full month!During my trial I had the pleasure of going to Sebastian Dimond Foundation's class and Emily Stooks Slow Flow and Zen Yoga classes. Sebastian is super supportive and always gives you positive reinforcement. Emily is exactly the type of yoga teacher I've always thought would be cool to have. She's so friendly, welcoming and has a great spirit. Their classes were excellent introductions and while I had zero idea about any of the moves, let alone their names, the teachers were always great in making you feel welcome in their class, that no one is perfect in their practice, and you are okay at any level. It's such a supportive environment and I LOVE their encouragement. Something else that I found different in a yoga studio is the instructor's help in modifying your position. I love that they walk around and make adjustments as necessary and help you get better and exaggerate the stretch a bit more than you would on your own. I did make it to one of Danielle Godfrey's slow flow class one Saturday morning just starting out but I thought it was a bit too fast for me and I haven't been back. She used the gong that day, which I found very intriguing, so I'm not sure if maybe I was actually in the more advanced gong class that day but I'm pretty sure I was at the 11am slow flow. Anyways, I do think I would be ready now after having two months under my belt. :)Other classes I have enjoyed are Jenn Chiarelli All Flow classes at noon during the week. She has a great energy and really encourages you to try new poses and she dives more into the meditation side of things. Definitely something I welcome as I increase my own meditation practice. I'm still working on my crow pose and it's so exciting to give new poses a try and see just how incredible your body can be and how much you can progress. Overall, I've only experienced one teacher I didn't care for but I think everyone has their own preference on instructors and the flow. The location is beautiful and I've enjoyed classes in both rooms, though I do prefer the bigger front room with the mirrors so I can check my poses from time to time and spread out more from other students. Their class schedules are great and I feel like I can catch a class at any time given my schedule. If you haven't tried yoga before, this is the perfect place to start and from what I've seen, it's also a great place to grow your practice. It's a place where you can come, slow down your mind and just work on one thing at a time.
5	Let's just say I'm not an experienced yogi; however it doesn't matter at Urban Yoga.  The instructors are awesome and they welcome any level of experience.  I have only attended the candlelight class, but it's perfect after a long work day.  I love the class and feel immediately calm and amazing.  I love the guitarists too.  I will definitely be coming more often. Love this place!
5	What a classy Yoga studio right in the heart of (mid) downtown Phoenix!  Wonderful choices of classes all throughout the day (some simultaneously - yes there are two very zen like rooms) and some very challenging and loving instructors. If you try it out you will not be sorry.
5	I was debating between 4 stars and 5 stars, but since this is my yoga place and I chose it over all of the others in Phoenix, I guess I think it's as good as it gets (haha, I really think about these things... wow). The girls that work at the front desk are always friendly. They have lots and lots of classes of all different types at all different times (I think upwards of 6 classes per day). There are definitely some teachers I like far FAR better than others (Danielle Godfrey... amazing, funny, challenging... I don't leave her classes without being challenged and without laughing... and Emily Stooks... Oh my god, can a yoga teacher get better than Emily? She ALWAYS provides individual attention, greeting each student, asking each students needs, adjusting, supporting, and pushing (just hard enough). Emily has one of those soothing voices that just make her seem completely sincere. I have never had the pleasure of practicing with a teacher better than Emily (and I have gone to A LOT of classes). Of course, there are other teachers that I don't care for or am neutral towards, but Urban, as a whole, is a great studio. They have two studio spaces... the one in the front is light and open, the one in the back is dark and more constricted, but good for relaxing classes. They have a store in the middle with tons of nice looking clothing and accessories including a large sale section (gotta love a good sale). They provide filtered water from a fountain and parking is free in the garage next to the building. This yoga studio really has something for everyone, give them a shot!
5	The beginning of this year was my introduction to yoga. I started off at another great studio on Camelback and Central, practicing Bikram Yoga. After about 6 months I felt it was time to expand my yoga horizons. Bikram Yoga was great but I had never in my life experienced downward dog (bikram doesn't do that pose). The yogi community is amazing and from the Bikram studio I was introduced to Urban Yoga. The studio is a nice mix of people with a zen atmosphere. They have 2 studio's one is the Front and Large studio, then the rear studio which is smaller and more intimate. I'm very structured and maybe also coming from Bikram I really wanted to start and build my base with this entirely new type of yoga so I started attending Urban Yoga's Foundation classes. Nicole Hamic is the instructor for these Foundations classes. She is amazing! She is very technical, and breaks down the poses at the same time giving students tips about how your body feels and what breathing is good or not good to do in certain poses. I believe she has experience in body care, massage. I attended these foundation classes for about 2 months and felt VERY confident moving onto my first flow class because of her instruction. PS, her class isn't something to sleep on either. You will be holding poses, you will be sweating and you WILL FEEL IT. =-)In between my initial Foundations classes I was also supplementing with some Zen classes. Zen for those not aware is about relaxation, deep stretching poses with bolster, blankets, blocks and sandbags. A great class to unwind, relax, maybe even take a nap in a deep pose. I was impressed with a few instructors during those Zen Classes, Nacy and Emily are both AMAZING, they take time to introduce themselves before each class to new faces and ask what they need, any issues, pregnancies, what they want to get out of that particular class. On one occasion I took a Zen class that was instructed by Hamid and was impressed, especially with his Gong at the close of class. Because of that experience with Hamid's instruction for the Zen class. I was intrigued to move onto my first Flow class, which Hamid teaches on Tuesday Night's at 7:30. It's called Candlelight Flow to Zen. This class is always busy because it's a seriously amazing class. Let me start off by saying there is live music during this class. An awesome guy whom I met, Alexis plays guitar during this class in the front of class and sings. So while you are flowing through your Vinyasa he is playing slow, melodic music which is totally great. My first class he started playing a acoustic version of Princes Purple Rain while I was in Downward Dog, had the biggest smile on my face. (Love me some Purple Rain). Hamid is no joke he will push you, make some funny jokes and has awesome instruction from flow, to power to zen. You will get it all from and out of his classes. I think he's my favorite Instructor at Urban. Parking can get hectic, it's covered in a parking garage but some spots are reserved for the condos above Urban. TIP: there are a lot of spots to park if you go to the south side of the garage. They all say they are reserved but actually aren't. The staff has always been on point and welcoming at the front desk. They check you into class, answer any scheduling, payment, or even yoga tips since they all practice as well. You can download the mind and body mobile app that let's you sign in/view the week schedule for the classes as well, just remember to also sign in when you get to the studio. So anyway, sorry about this novel, I could actually keep on writing but I think if you read this far you've felt my passion and happiness i've experienced at this studio. Please try it for yourself. Namaste.
2	... this was the worst experience with a class/instructior I've had in my 10 plus years practicing yoga.I decided, on a recent trip to Phoenix, to drop in to a Candlelight Yoga class. Sounded really nice and relaxing. Not ... so ... much ....   I just don't understand why there has to be pop music blaring in the background THE WHOLE CLASS  ?? How about some softer music? Or silence. I found it both annyoing and super distracting.The instructor was very uninvolved and seemed bored. She paced back and forth in front of the room at the beginning of class ... she did not at any point seem calm, centered or really connected to what was going on with her students. It was like she was distracted, or tired ... or BORED.What it was, and why I gave it two stars (and not one) was a good workout. Oh, and the studio is really nice ... urban, artsy, hipster style.I guess this is what they mean by competitive yoga. Everyone decked out in lulu, trying to outpose one another. Nothing wrong with that, but not my thing ... and I would advise anyone who's looking for more depth, presence and actual flow to try somewhere else.
3	I bought a Groupon for two months unlimited - sort of wish I hadn't. I ended up badly injuring my shoulder during an all levels flow class one month in, and they refused to freeze my account. It'll be 4-6 weeks before I can attend another flow class, so there goes half of my Groupon. I'm hoping that my shoulder will be good enough to attend a simple Zen class, and then maybe my Groupon won't be a complete wash.As far as the physical studio goes, it's actually HAS an "urban" feel to it, and I really loved that. I often avoid closing my eyes in class because I like to get lost in the pipes and patterns in the concrete ceiling - the design (or lack thereof) is pretty ingenious and calming for a big city girl like me. The music selection is great - much better than some of the Top 40 crap they insist on playing at Sumits. The variety of classes and instructors is also very nice. The negatives? Well, this is commercial yoga. I don't think it's anywhere near as bad as Madison Improvement Club, but I don't get the personal one-on-one feel that I like in my yoga studios. There's very little in the way of adjustments and corrections with most of the instructors. I think some instructors just don't do it at all and others don't when the classes are too large, which is almost always. One of the instructors was just straight rude - I was actually pretty shocked at the way she was speaking to some of the practitioners. Sadly, she was probably one of the most hands on and helpful instructors, I just didn't like her personality so I never went back. As far as the classes - the daytime weekday classes are a good size but the candlelight flow and community weekend classes are always way beyond capacity. It gets hot, sweaty, crowded, and is just not relaxing at all. The "all levels" classes are also way more advanced than I expected, and that sucks for beginners like me. I never got around to the Foundations class because of it's odd 6pm time slot, but I assume that should have been where I started. Haven't really decided if I'll buy another membership. There was at least one instructor I really enjoyed and I'd probably go back just for her Friday community classes. I think if you're a practiced yogi, you'll like the environment and selection of instructors and classes, but as a newbie, I'm not impressed.
4	I'm adding an additional star to my original review, only because someone from Urban Yoga actually went out of her way to contact me today and address my injury issue. After hearing everything I had to say, she apologized for the employee I spoke with a couple of days ago and was nice enough to extend my membership by a month so that I would be able to get full use of my Groupon. Thanks Urban Yoga!
1	Let me preface with by saying, Emily Stooks (Horning) is an incredible teacher and I thoroughly enjoyed her class and positive energy. She deserves 5 stars.I had high hopes for Urban Yoga, which was close to the friend's house I was staying with for the holiday. I went for the new student special since I was in town for 10 days. I made it to 5 classes. Overall the instructors were pretty warm and welcoming. The reason for the 1 out of 5 stars is because of the awful business practices that do not align with the philosophy they teach.When I purchased the new student special, I told the sales associate I was visiting from Portland and was not able to bring my mat. Most studios I've encountered during my many years of a regular practice do not charge for mat use but Urban Yoga does. I requested an exception be made since I was traveling (and they were very cheap, low-end mats that were being rented at $2/class). The sales associate told me flat out no. I asked her to talk to a manager or someone to see if she could get permission. She suggested I go purchase a cheap mat locally. I was taken back and asked her opinion about what I should do with this mat when I leave again. Her response was to give it away or throw it away. After my initial shock, I asked one last time if she could ask if a manager would make an exception which she agreed to look into. After class I again was told no. At that point I wished I hadn't purchased the new student package. I ended up finding a friend of a friend that let me borrow a mat for the week. What a terrible experience.With one exception, during every class the studio was very chilly making it difficult to initially warm up the body properly.Additionally every single class I went to at that studio let out no sooner than 5 minutes late and sometimes up to 15 minutes late. Although I was on vacation, this is incredibly inconsiderate of people's time and schedules.I find it quite curious that Urban Yoga pretty consistently gets poor reviews from out-of-towners visiting Phoenix. I will not be returning to this studio over my Christmas break in Phoenix.
5	I was greeted as I walked in with a smile and positive words.  The gentleman at the desk was very kind and showed me where to find the bathroom and yoga class.The yoga class with Nancy was great!  I loved seeing all the modifications around the room, she encouraged everyone to take their practice where there bodies needed it.  She was wonderful.  She played great music during class, too.  There was a great mix that even included the Beatles!My favorite part was that during savasana, there was the sound of trickling water coming from somewhere.  A fountain in the corner?  Within the song?  Air conditioning?  I don't know, but it seemed very well planned.  Combined with the sound of the light rail outside, it sounded exactly like a thunderstorm.  For me, there is nothing more relaxing then a thunderstorm.  Urban yoga was a wonderful place to practice, and I appreciate the welcoming attitude from the staff and the yogis.  Thank you!
