4	Just getting turned on to this place and I see that I have been missing out as they have a nice selection of sneaker's(Nike, etc) for my son and more importantly the prices are reasonable.  They also carry a nice selection of adult shoes as well.   I love that they are very kid friendly and have a few games to keep my little busy body busy while I browsed around...I think all stores should offer this type of diversion while parents shop:-).  I was very pleased and do plan to return when we are in need of more sneakers.
4	Every time you walk into a Shoe Carnival they have some sort of deal going on.  BOGO are their absolute favorite deal or Buy one and get the second pair half off.  If not they have this big wheel right when you walk in by the cashiers that you can spend to win discounts like 20 - 40% off.  They carry a nice selection of sneakers and since I'm usually in the men section with the bf I've noticed Timberland, Nike, Adidas, and recently Sperry.  He was able to get a pair of Timberland's for about $39.00 once with the sale they were having and a extra 30% off coupon that I lucked up on.I've noticed that they seem to have a great selection of kids shoes b/c I see a lot of parents in there with their kids trying to get the cuties to sit still long enough to try on one pair and then another.  They have some sort of kid games in the store and that's usually where they would like to be instead (it's quite entertaining to watch).When I'm looking not to spend a lot of money but would still like a nice pair of shoes then I come here...remember they don't have a big selection but they do have a decent enough selection where you can have a few choices.
4	First off, let me start by saying Toni is the best sales rep. this place has! Toni is friendly, knowledgeable, and doesn't mind going the extra mile to please the customer. Now that I've shared that...usually when I go to Shoe Carnival the staff is drab and barely speaks. The staff that was there yesterday, 11/20/2014 was energetic, with the exception of one employee. The prices are pretty reasonable. The store is clean and well kept. Love their shoe variety, and they usually have a BOGO sale going on. Awesome prices!
