1	Absolutely  awful company do not use!!!!! Scamming dishonest techs who try to create more problems with your repair to raise the bill. They have no customer service and have an I don"t care attitude . The tech was verbally insulting and down right nasty. The office manager offered no apologies for my experience and would not own up to their company's obviously true poor reputation.
1	Spring Breaks and I logged in to my American Home Shield Warranty account online and made a claim.Person from Cactus Garage Doors calls and schedules appointment.  I explained to her on the phone that the spring is indeed broken because I can see it so they should bring a spring.  She says that she will note the file.HERES THE PROBLEM:  They come out and look at it and tell me springs aren't covered.  If I wanted it fixed it was like  $400.  I didn't want them to fix it for that and therefore I STILL HAD TO PAY THE $75 DOLLAR COPAY FOR MY WARRANTY.  The reason this is Cactus fault is because they knew the problem and didn't tell me that it wasnt covered.  After researching its industry knowledge that they are almost never covered. To me they just wanted the 75 dollar fee.Not only that but without me looking or knowing they plastered a big yellow sticker on my garage door opener.Just a bad way to do business.  Stay Away.
1	One star becsuse no stars is not an option.   My story is the same as the others...a claim placed thru AHS home warranty.  They work with Cactus Garage Doors.   I assumed a decent honest company.   We got a new door in June broken in October.   They blamed the renter....long story short.   Bad service and they don't stand behind what they sell.  If you have any problems the owner refuses to talk you.  STAY AWAY FROM CACTUS GARAGE DOOR!
5	I've used Cactus Garage Door SEVERAL times and as a Real Estate Agent I have dealt with many companies in town. Not to say that other companies aren't good, but Cactus has always been prompt, courteous, and extremely knowledgeable. I am happy to refer them to my clients with great results. I'm sorry to hear that other people haven't had the experiences that I have.
1	RIP OFFS...dishonest company, American home sheild set me up with this company...my motor was out, catus never checked my motor, they found a little dent in my garage door and told me that was the  problem and the moter was not covered becouse the dent made the motor burn out. that was a lie. I fired them andmgot QUALITY GARAGE DOOR to come out to check the problen.Quality garage door told me the dent did not cause my motor to go out.My motor was old and needed replacement. The motor was covered under warranty.  Just saying CATUS GARAGE DOOR ARE RIP OFFS.................
5	Did the warranty work. James was cool and no issues. Suggested some other work to be done,  which was probably accurate. Didn't bother cause the doors are old and truly need replacing.
5	Amazing job, did warranty work, fixed garage door in 30 mints. Had gotten estimates from other companies, 2 of whom told me I needed to buy a new door opener ( would cost $300), and would take a lot longer. They showed me what's wrong, fixed quickly in 30 mints, and only charged me $ 100 (although contracted rate is $125).
2	Even after they came to repair the garage door opener several times, it still didn't work right - and then needed repairs again 1 year later.  They lied to me about the garage door rollers, springs & who knows what else.  After getting excellent repairs from another shop I wouldn't use Cactus again.
