5	This is a new barbershop. It's been open for about a month. The barber has been cutting for a while, though. I've been going to her for about 4 years. She's good! Check it out!
5	OK...so I do not consider myself a follower.....however, that changes when I consider following the best barber in NC from shop to shop!  It is great to have an amazing barber.  It is greater when your barber becomes independent and steps out to do her own thing!  Being an entrepreneur is a challenge!  Tara has accepted that challenge and ventured out to open her own shop....Fade Factory!  I have always received great haircuts...now I get a great haircut in another great location...with the best barber  in town!  Now the new shop is very nice.  Very welcoming and open and bright!  The personalized touches that Tara added makes it a hair-cutting experience above all!  Nice waiting area, nice spacious booths, plenty of mirrors and just very comfortable!  If I had time...I would probably just go over hang out and have a great conversation as I always do when I am in the chair.  However, I know she needs that space for her growing clientele!!!  Get over to see Tara.... I have followed her for over 5 years....and look forward to many more years of great service!!!
5	Great barbershop. Good people w/ a good atmosphere. To top it off, you'll leave with a good cut!!!
5	Great service & Great people. Thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Fade Factory and chopping it up with the barbers. Nicole is the truth and definitely knows about quality cuts. Great prices as well, Definitely recommend to anyone looking.
5	Today my bf got his first hair cut here by Nicole. She was so detail oriented and took her time. They have great customer service and honored the $5 off coupon for new customers on yelp. Also don't be fooled guys Nicole does a great job with straight hair! I can't wait to be back!
5	I took my 20 month old son there an after he warmed up to them both he was completely fine. Nicole did an excellent job on the haircut. Very clean and very well put together barbershop. My son walked away with a smile...but that may be due to the fact he had candy AND freshly popped popcorn lol. I will be back for sure to get a cut myself.
5	The best barber in town period. Tara does a great job on my hair and the service in the shop is exemplary.
