5	At the end of May 2011, I spent part of an afternoon playing in the dirt at Dig This Las Vegas.  What a kick!!!!  This was one of the best birthday gifts I ever received.  For all you paper-pushing, keyboard-pounding indoor kinds of folks (like me), you'll have a ball playing in the dirt!
5	I surprised my husband with a "Dig This" experience for Fathers Day.  He had a blast playing in the dirt.  He spent time digging holes and moving boulders and tires.  It is the perfect gift for a man (or woman) who enjoys   new experiences!
5	What a wonderful experience it was for me and my Dad!  He totally didn't expect it and for a 65 year old guy I swear to God he was a cute little kid again.  We did the mini-dig and felt it was perfect for us.  They have a very good safety section to cover the basics, then in the cab they cover the real stuff like how to maneuver your CAT.  We were both on excavators and did see the dozers laid out there but I really liked our excavators, because I felt it allowed a lot more for us to do like digging trenches and playing basketball!!! Yes, construction style basketball.  I'm sure there's stuff to do on the dozer, but honestly feel we picked the right CAT for us.  The staff was very friendly and Amber was great getting our reservations and picking us up from the hotel.   If you want some folks to just watch you have fun they have chairs for spectators to safely watch and take pictures.  It's definitely a lot more fun than what i thought it would be and exceeded my expectations.
5	Words cannot BEGIN to describe what an amazing experience this was for my boyfriend and his dad. It must be EVERY man's dream come true...watching these two guys look like kids at Christmas as they get in the drivers seat and start to dig, knock over tires and play basketball. Thank you for this amazing opportunity to be a part of this special day for both of them...the over 200 pictures I took bring a smile to our faces every time we look at them! The entire team there was amazing...Dave, Amber and Ruben truly made this a once in a lifetime experience. THANK YOU!!!
5	My husband and I went here on our most recent trip to Vegas. I was a bit apprehensive, as I'm not exactly a heavy machinery girl. But this place was great! We had such a fun time, and if we go to Vegas again we're going back!My husband worked the excavator and I took the bulldozer. Learning to operate the machine, moving dirt around, pushing boulders and tires - so much fun! You get a really good amount of time with the machines, and they have you doing enough interesting stuff to keep it fun. The guys out there with you are really nice and patient. And if you're lucky, you'll get to meet the owner, Ed Mumm! He's really nice and passionate about providing a fun experience. This is a Vegas MUST.
5	What a blast! I did the Mini-Dig, which is the least expensive package. I was able to get in a Caterpillar Excavator and dig a massive trench for close to 90 minutes. It was awesome! Next time, I hope to drive the Bulldozer. There will DEFINITELY be a next time.
5	awesome time... a must do activity for locals and visitors alike
5	By far the most fun I've ever had in Vegas!!!  I had the good fortune to get the Groupon for this place and spent a few fun filled hours driving and excavator. My instructor Phil was awesome!  Amber at the front desk was one of the nicest people I've met in a long time!  I had an absolute blast digging a trench and moving rocks and basketballs. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone I can. I may even try my hand at the bulldozer in the future.
5	Most fun I've ever had digging a 10' hole. It was not cheap, but definitely worth it. I did the 2 hour big-dig using a gigantic digger. I dug a 10' hole and stacked 6 gigantic tires.
5	What a blast.  If you ever wanted to make the earth move in Las Vegas this is the place.  The construction crew encourage having fun under excellent supervision and instruction.  Don't hesitate to go and check it out before you leave LV.
5	The GF got me a Big Dig Experience for Valentine's day and we finally went. I called to make my reservation with Emily who was really awesome to work with. I told her that I wanted a big machine so she recommended the excavator. When we got there we were greeted by the same friendly Emily who I spoke with a few days earlier. A friendly staff reviews the experience along with safety stuff before heading out. THIS WAS SICK.... I love heavy machinery and guns.... this is exactly what I'm into. I only wish this lasted longer!
5	My wife and I both had a blast operating the bulldozers at Dig This yesterday.  As a professional travel writer I have visited many vehicular "experiences" around the world, and this certainly ranks among the most memorable.  Our instructor was great (as were all the staff), and - amazingly considering the space required for this huge machines - Dig This is just a 5-minute cab ride from the glitz of the Las Vegas Strip.  You'll never look at construction machinery the same way again - highly recommended!
5	If you have been to Vegas before, but haven't been to "Dig This", you've got to make sure to check it out. Understanding it's outside the box thinking, this adult sandbox is so much fun. Being able to get behind the wheel of one of these excavators is so cool and a once in a lifetime experience. It's completely worth the cost of doing it, and you get three hours to get out there and have fun! Time flies when you're out there so make it count, and be sure to bring as many people as you can. It's definitely a "more the merrier" kind of thing!
5	I thought this might be fun, but I had no idea.Operating the excavator was a downright blast. I initially called to reserve two bulldozer sessions. I'm glad I switched our reservations. Within your 90-minute playtime, you get to dig a big hole, move and stack some large tires from one end of your sandbox to the other, and even play some excavator basketball. I'm not saying that pushing dirt around with a bulldozer wouldn't have been fun; it's just that the excavator activities seemed more diverse and interesting.It's normal to feel a little trepidation ahead of your experience. Once I stepped onto the dirt and climbed into my machine, all of that went away. What really helps is how detailed the instructors are. Ruben was fantastic. He guided us individually and as a whole through each activity. You'd think it would be difficult to pick up a 30-inch basketball off a construction cone and then dump it into the "hoop" (another large tire sitting on the ground). Surprisingly, I glided through all four of my basketballs and even had time for an extra--we'll call that the money ball. The only thing I didn't have time to do was sit the top tire vertically during the tire stacking exercise.Is it worth $250? Absolutely! I'll admit that it's the type of thing that's outside my price range. But if you have the money and it's something you've always wanted to do, then you need to call them right now. Seriously.Thanks to Lily and to Jieun's friend Min for (1) winning the gift certificates, (2) not being in town to be able to use them, and (3) giving them to us!
5	Top notch personnel and excellent experience all around! A unique giftfor the person that has everything. Warning: spectators should wearsturdy shoes for walking around on dirt and prepare to getdirty...there's a lot of dust flying around with the machines at work.It was a windy day, and I repeatedly got sandblasted as I was watchingthe action. The operators are in an enclosed, air-conditioned space,so they don't get dirty.
5	This was absolutely phenomenal. Convinced the wife to go and she had a blast as well. We did the bulldozers. Next time we go to Vegas we will hit up the excavators! Super friendly staff. Couldn't ask for a better experience with a tourist activity. Would recommend it to anyone who wants t have a good time male or female.
5	If I had not found this discount code "V4L" I probably would not have decided to sign up. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The wireless headsets are awesome. You dig for a while and do some fun little activities. I would have liked to roam around and do things on my own for a bit, too, but it was more of a structured activity style event. I also enjoyed having my camera with me in the cab of the excavator, was taking video and pictures the whole time! I would do it again if I had another discount code. Look for promotions! It would be a great gift for young and old, alike.
5	Awesome experience lots of fun and something you would not normally tgink to do. Staff is awesome and this is really worth doing.
5	My father and I recently checked out Dig This and did the Big Dig where we each drove an excavator. It was great! My dad and I loved it! The staff there is wonderful, the equipment is top notch and well maintained, and the experience is really fun! There is not much of a learning curve at all, and the controls are pretty easy to learn. You are in constant communication with the "foreman" via a headset, which makes it something anyone can do. Check it out, it's totally awesome!
4	how fun is this place!!!!  A construction zone where you can do an obstacle course and challenge your friends!  Things that you would never think you would do like operate a bulldozer you do here!  I recommend not to go on a windy day when the dirt flies every where.  Be safe!
5	What a brilliant Idea! I don't know a single person who wouldn't LOVE messing around on heavy machinery for an afternoon. I recently held an event here for work and it was a huge success. You have your choice of operating a bulldozer or an excavator. While using your machine of choice you'll have an instructor in your ear guiding you through a series of specially designed challenges. The only catch is you have to pass a breathalyzer! Hahah, no drinking & driving here. Minimum age requirement is 14. Dig this has a great staff and where a huge help!  Amber, Shawn, Emily and Travis thanks sooooo much! You guys are the best!
5	This was a TOTAL blast! The staff was so friendly and humorous and did a great job of directing and teaching you what to do. I loved this experience and so did the rest of our party.
5	Bring tissues.  I soaked my jacket sleeves mopping up the tears from laughing so hard while I played in this giant sandbox with a big yellow Caterpillar!!!  So, I have been stalking a Groupon for Dig This for over a year.  Finally, one came up and I bought a Mini-Dig, which is like an hour on the machine.  Best $125 I have ever spent.  I reserved the excavator for a Sunday afternoon session.  The excavator is the thing with the bucket/claw on the arm.Upon arrival to their super clean and bright facility (yes, they have an awesome office), we were given a brief orientation and explanation of the controls.  The explanation, while probably required, serves no purpose because until you get your hands on the controls, none of it makes sense.  Anyway, James was our super cool instructor and after a short speech, we marched outside!They give you headsets so the voice inside your head (James) will tell you before you do something really stupid.  Other than that, it's all good.  I got to dig a giant hole (I wonder if I am qualified now for a cemetery job...), stack giant tires, and play basketball.  If someone had told me I could pick up a basketball with a 19-ton machine, I would have told them they were smoking crack.  But they would totally be right.  I had SO MUCH FUN and I couldn't stop laughing.  Next year for XMas, I want to buy myself a Caterpillar.  Screw gambling... Dig This is the only way to really feel like you hit the jackpot in Vegas!!!ps... they have remote shutoffs, so stop thinking about bulldozing your way onto the freeway; you CAN pour dirt on yourself if you want; rumor has it that mud is super fun; you CAN tip the machine over with the arm (it's one strong arm...), and this is something you don't even realize was on your bucket list until you've done it.  Bucket.  Get it?
5	Awesome! Great staff all round and something different than the same old casinos. I always send friends there and the girls are great at booking them in when they can. Pretty sure it's Amber who does the group outings and she's the best! If you do one thing in Vegas go to dig this!
4	I have to admit, I didn't think I was going to enjoy Dig This. We were in Vegas to celebrate my father-in-law's birthday and the Dig This experience was something he would definitely enjoy. I was basically along for the ride.We got off to a rocky start because the Dig This shuttle forgot to pick us up. (I think someone called in sick that day and a communication got lost. When we called to confirm our pickup, they realized the error and came ASAP. Since we started a little late, they made up for it by letting us run longer.) We started off with a quick orientation session. We were introduced to the machines, given a basic overview of how to operate them and the exercises we would perform. I was a bit lost during this presentation and couldn't follow all of the information we were given. I began to get a bit intimidated. The one thing I did catch was that the Excavator is a little easier to operate than the Bulldozer which had more complicated controls. Okay, hopefully I can hop on an excavator.There were 3 guys and 2 of us girls. After orientation, the 3 guys immediately head for the excavators leaving the 2 girls to the bulldozers. Uhhhmmmmm..... guys? Don't you want the nice, complicated machines? No? Oh, okay. We climb in, put on our headsets and get another overview of the controls. This time, I'm able to follow and understand. (I'm more of a hands-on learner.) Then, it's time to begin! I HAD A BLAST!! I could not believe how much fun it is to operate heavy machinery! I think this has to be the best amusement park experience Vegas has to offer!Oh, and btw, the girls ROCKED the bulldozers.
5	Rode the bulldozer on Saturday!  Definitely worth a try. It 90 min with 1 hour of seat time.Moved a lot of dirt.
5	Big fun, great staff, I was very nervous driving a bulldozer, and they couldn't have been better. The exercise starts slowly to let you acclimate. After about 15minutes they give you freedom to work at your own pace. One "instructor" for every 2 people driving, constant radio contact, mad me feel safe, moving a lot of earth.
5	Awesome Time!!!!!The equipment was in perfect condition and very easy to use; i was able to use the equipment within an minute of instruction! I had an awesome time and would definitely do this again. I could dig all day long, this was a great time and the staff was very helpful. I only did the mini dig and would definitely recommend the full dig experience!
5	My wife has always wanted to operate heavy equipment.  (no kidding).  Dig This enabled her to do that in a fantastic environment.  For a very reasonable fee, she underwent a brief safety lecture, and then with one-on-one instruction via wireless headset, she was able to perform a variety of cool obstacle course-type challenges alone in a D5G-XL Cat Bulldozer.  It was a really fun time for her and I got a ton of nice photos.  Walt was a fine and patient instructor and the entire crew seemed to really enjoy their work, which makes it much more fun to participate.  Highly recommended!
5	Went to Dig This using a Groupon and got a giant sandbox playtime on an excavator.  So much fun!You first go into the office for an orientation (they breathalyze all the drivers to make sure no one will do something stupid).  They show you in the orientation the 'moves' they will be teaching you during the session. Then, it's time to go outside and play around in the dirt.I didn't think moving huge tires around or building mounds of dirt could be fun, but it was! The most rewarding part was the end where I had to scoop up little basketballs and put them inside the tires.  All the meanwhile any spectators (e.g. family members) could take pictures from the stands. We have a celebratory certificate at the end recognizing our amazing acheivements moving dirt. I really enjoyed my time and would happily do this again!
5	Wish I could give it six stars!Everything about this experience was fantastic.  The people were wonderful, and it's clear they really enjoy working with those who've maybe never operated anything more industrial than a Honda Civic.The experience is self-explanatory -- it's a chance to spend an hour as a heavy equipment operator.We had a group of five of us, and that worked perfectly with their three excavators and two bulldozers.  Be sure to spend at least an hour in your equipment of choice, rather than splitting your time across two different types of machines.
5	This place was, without a doubt, the highlight of my family's trip to Vegas.You get to drive a bulldozer or backhoe for about 90 minutes, with a quick training session in their office and coaching over radio while you're in your mechanical beast. The whole thing feels safe, fun, and it's just a blast.Cannot recommend this enough.
5	If you ever dug in the sand or had a Tonka truck or were ever curious what a bulldozer looked like on the inside you should check this attraction out. It's straight forward. For an hour you get to drive a Bulldozer or Excavator while a veteran in the field guides you through a few feats of skill. That's it. Nothing, more nothing less. At the end of the day you got to tool around in some heavy machinery which, you must admit, is kind of a dream of yours too.
5	I really didn't want to do this, I was scared and thought it would be stupid. HOWEVER, It was so much fun!! the instructors were awesome and the activities were great-- I mix of challenging and thrilling and goofy. I can't recommend this highly enough. Go do it!
5	Seriously, perfection. Worth every penny! I purchased an excavator session for my husband for valentines day as he voiced that he really wanted to do something like this but thought it was kind of pricy. So to surprise him I reserved an experience to use during our recent trip to Vegas. We took a cab, about $15 from our hotel on the strip to the location. The staff was so welcoming and professional, explained the process and what spectators could expect. We all donned our safety vests and headed out to the "worksite." The participants were outfitted with headsets that allowed them to communicate with the instructors and went through their paces. It was so fun to watch, and I could see the participants' huge grins even through the bright Vegas sunshine!! There is a roped-off, covered seating area for spectators to observe from and take pictures. One of the few places in Vegas where it feels like you get your money's worth. We plan to go back next time!
5	Dad and I went back to Dig This today to this time drive the dozers. It was just as fun and exciting as the escavators, but a new experience too since they have very different controls and the things you get to do are completely different! It was a total blast and we had a thrilling time! Once again the staff was friendly, helpful and fun. The instructors make sure you always know what to do next. Everything is top notch!
5	Finally knocked that off the bucket list. Had one of the greatest experiences in Vegas. I ran the dozer but will be back some day for the excavator. Can't wait.
1	We made a booking, received an email with verification code and saw the charge ($498.00) pending on our credit card for 5 days before the scheduled date.  The email to us said it would take 24-48 hours to get a confirmation but nothing arrived. We emailed the company after 48 hours and got an email saying it sometimes takes longer. We then called Dig This the day before because still no specific time had been verified. They claimed to have no reservation for us at all and no availability until the following Monday. Of course, we aren't on vacation forever and thus, despite trying to book well in advance now have to accept missing the opportunity altogether at no fault of our own.  No special accommodations were made for errors on their side.
5	Words cant describe how fun this is. As a civil engineer, I've always wanted to do this and I finally have been able to. Thank you so much for allowing us this opportunity.
5	I luckily found this place when I googled, "Things to do in vegas." Afterall, I'm really sick of doing generic activities in las vegas. Boozing and clubbing gets really old, and definitely not as interesting to do on a bday (at least for me).   Since i wanted to do something fun, cool, that I had never done before on my birthday, I opted for playing in a so-called huge sandbox. Originally, I thought I was going to break, demolish and feel like Godzilla by being the mastermind behind the massive machinery. I was soon disappointed for a slight second when I found out I wasn't going to pick things up (was hoping a car...just kidding) and throwing it somewhere a couple feet away and smashing it.  Oh wait, I'm not kidding about the car.    Instead, I got to re-arrange tires, pick up a basketball and put it in a tire hole, and get to dig some deep holes. It was challenging and fun at the same time. If the DIG IT people are reading this, maybe the car idea isn't so bad after all.   The owner was personable and friendly. The instructors were funny, patient, and an absolute delight to work with. Not only were they informative, but they were real pros that helped me get through the entire activity. I had an AWESOME time.   I think the only disadvantage is the price. Luckily, I found a groupon to cut down costs, and it allowed both of us to share the experience together.  I believe it usually costs about $220/pp for 1.5 hours. Not cheap, my friends.   Given the choice between the EXCAVATOR and BULLDOZER, STICK WITH THE EXCAVATOR. Cuz you get to play with BALLS. HAHHAHAHAHHA...okay, okay, that too, and it's also much bigger than the bulldozer. Sometimes, size matters, and bigger is better. Even my bf (who did the bulldozer) said he wants to go back and try the excavator. As for me, once you go big, you can't go back...
5	Best. Bachelorette. Party. Ever!The guys that work at Dig This are great. They have a shuttle so they can pick you up from your hotel. They give great instruction and are fun guys. They even had a pit bull puppy when we there that we got to love on. The cabs are air conditioned and comfortable. The experience of operating this level of machinery was hella fun and confidence boosting! I was on a natural high the rest of the vacation! I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to do this and especially to those who don't think they could.
5	While planning our trip to Vegas we bought two digs on groupon at 1/2 off to surprise my husbands friend who always wanted to play on the machines. My husband reserved the excavators for a 2pm appointment. It was easy to find- we took Sahara to Teddy Dr.  next to Palace Station on the west. Drive south- it turns into Rancho- and the location is right on Rancho and Meade- just west of 15. . Arriving 15 minutes prior to the 2pm reservation was a breeze. We told our friend that we were taking him ( and his wife) to a dog and cat show. So when we pulled up to the strip mall he was like- where is this rinky dink show- then realized that he was walking into Dig This! Surprise!.  So My husband and his friend checked in.  There were two other men there who were doing the bull dozers.  First, each participant has to past a blow test for alcohol.  As observers me and my friend had to sign a release. After passing that there is a briefing in a room to explain the basics of each machine and the exercises that each participant will go through. Then on with the orange safety vest and out to the lot where the machines where located. The ladies sat under a covered area by the gate as the boys were escorted to the machines and fitted with microphones to communicate with their instructors. We took pictures and video as the boys where put through the basics of their machine in  air conditioned cabins. Then they dug trenches, piled 2K pound tires, went up on a dirt incline and spun their cabins around like a tilt a whirl, then picked up basket balls and tried to place them tires. It was about an hour plus time in the actual machines. The owner came out showing someone around and chatted with us ladies in the observation area.  To keep the dirt from blowing they had a watering machine that drove around to spray water to keep the dirt from blowing over highway 15.   The experience was great and the guys loved it. At the end they got a graduation certificate. They also offer plaques with a picture of the rider in the cab. So cool and only $30 a piece. ( No pressure to buy them) We bought them to hang in the home bar so the guys had a great memento to show off.   Staff was very helpful and friendly.  This is a must do in Vegas for anyone you wants to try out the big machines!   Only suggestion is the guys said Dig This should pipe in to speakers at the observation area so those watching could hear the instructor driver interaction.  They loved their experience. Worth every dime and more!   We Need a franchise in Chicago!  Keep up the great work and thank you for the experience!
5	Came here with a group of 5 and only 4 of us decided to operate the heavy machinery. One cool thing was that they have an area for spectators. However, you'll need a zoom lens or else you won't get any good photos.If you have a big group, I think the better package would be the $249 for the first person and $100 for each additional person. Total of 90 minutes of play time. They only have 2 machines, the excavator and the bulldozer. I hope that the next time I come back, they'll have at least 1 new machine. The excavator is easier to use compared to the bulldozer. One awesome thing is that the machines have AC in them!The employees here are really friendly and they are all definitely geared towards customer service. For some reason, I was extremely hungry that it was so painful and they gave me some cookies to eat (free of charge). That was very kind/thoughtful of them. I could have easily had a seizure episode. They do have an agreement with Guns and Ammos and it's an okay agreement. I wish the discount was a little bigger. There is another shooting range which is cheaper than Guns and Ammos but I don't know what the experience or service is like.One suggestion I have for this place is to have competition between machines and competition between employees. I think timed challenges would be awesome. For the people who have already done this already, they should develop something for the "advanced" (returning customers) people. Once you've tried this once, there is no reason to come back so I highly encourage them to make more advanced obstacles. One cute thing they do is they give you a certificate of completion in a tripadvisor envelope.  I am usually against places that really try to persuade you to write reviews but the experience here was unique, service was beyond excellent, and they took care of me. They are definitely a top notch establishment and would highly recommend them. I would even come back because of they went above and beyond to take care of me.
5	Went with a group of 6, I got to learn and operate both the bulldozer and the excavator....what a blast!  I would recommend no more than 4 if they only have 4 machines running so all of you can do both machines, it is well worth the experience.
5	I surprised my boyfriend with this. He operated the excavator and he loved it! The instructor was very clear, helpful, and entertaining. My bf loved digging and carrying around those two ton tires. When they finished, all participants got certificates and the opportunity to buy a cool plaque with an awesome picture, which my bf bought. Spectators get to watch from a distance, which it did. All in all, a fun and very unique experience.
5	Yeah this place is fun. Very convenient to the strip. Nice people running it. Even more fun that it sounded beforehand.Dig holes, pile tires, plow dirt. You have to try it. If you are not sure if you will like it or not, just go for it.
5	Absolutely one of the best afternoon activities in Vegas. Highly recommended. Make sure you dig with Walt, he's a hoot!
5	Slightly terrifying, mostly fun. My team booked this as a team off-site activity while we were in Vegas. I wasn't too sure about this since it was basically operating construction vehicles that I didn't have too much interest in, but I had a pleasantly great time. The staff here are very knowledgable, and the sessions we had were pretty fun. The bulldozers honestly looked more fun than the excavators because you get to get quite vertical after you make a your own little mound to climb up on ... but excavation was pretty fun as well.The whole thing is frankly a lot harder than it looks, and it gave me new appreciation for construction & machinery used for construction because as far as I can remember seeing, they always looked much smoother and easier to operate than they actually were when I've seen them "out in the wild."Definitely something that's interesting to do on the side in Vegas, outside of the normal drinks, clubbing & buffets.
5	Freaking awesome.  Booked a reservation last weekend with the bulldozer for my girlfriend.  Got the deal off of groupon.  She had a blast and I had a blast watching her.  It was fun. very nice employees as well.  A must do if you're going to Vegas!
