4	Okay, how bizarre to review a Starbucks, but the State Street Starbucks employees are seriously amenable to complicated drink requests, as well as consistently efficient and pleasant, and I thoroughly appreciate this.
4	Best Damn Starbucks in WIStarbucks is consistently a 3* coffee house. This rare exception provides a combination of professionalism, efficiency, personality and consistency and is a Capital Square coffee spot that engages in repeat business. It steadily busy, but has never taken longer than 10 minutes to leave with a freshly prepared Venti specialty drink. Yum!
4	seriously above excellent for a starbucks.Now i have to admit, I used to work for s bucks back in chicago and the guy who hired me is now the DM for starbucks in Wisconsin.  His office is upstairs in this fine establishment.He was a seriously fine manager who knows how to treat his employees, and kept high high standards.  So I am not surprised that this location just feels different than any other starbucks I have been to.Whevever I am passing through, I try to stop and see if he is in.He usually isn't, but perhaps I should call first!So, Malcolm, if you are reading this:  LOCK AND LOAD!
5	I know people in Madison like their fair trade and independent coffee houses, but I still love Starbucks. Say what you will, but I love how they make my lattes and cappuccinos.I really like the people who work at this Starbucks, especially the really nice older lady. (I don't mean any offense by older, it's just that most people at this location are college students.) But anyway, she is so friendly and always recognizes me - which might say something about my coffee habits.... Anyway, 5 stars.
5	This is, quite literally, the nicest Starbucks I have ever been in.  Balcony seating overlooking State Street, plus extra seating upstairs, and a fireplace, make this place much more comfortable than your typical Starbucks.
4	I have spent some significant time in-between classes during the school year in the upstairs. Barista's are the best in town, always kind and will give away the occasional free drink with good conversation. The upstairs is great, lots of seating clean bathroom, great outdoor porch for people watching. The big con is that there is awful Wi-Fi. I thought that you couldn't connect a router to a dial up connection, but I guess this location defied science because the connection couldn't be slower. I hate to be commercial supporting a big business like Starbucks, but it's the only place in Madison to get away from hippies, and I love their coffee.
4	Always friendly workers! Extra seating upstairs, great balcony, and very cozy! The only problems I have found with it are lack of seating, like any other Starbucks, and poor Wi-Fi. Other than that, the service is amazing which is sometimes hard to find at busy coffeeshops.
5	I'm in this location a few times a week, and I always leave happy - definitely not the case for every Starbucks location I visit. The employees make this particular location great. I love that they take time to ask about your day and how they can make your experience better. The setting is just about as great as the staff - go upstairs and sit on the balcony when it's nice outside. It's like being in a little tree house overlooking State Street. This is especially true on the weekend when State is humming with Farmer's Market and other event activity - there's always something interesting (and occasionally bizarre) to see while you drink your coffee.
2	Great coffee but the service in the afternoon is poor. I was in there today at 12:45 hoping for some coffee before I headed back to the office and there were only 3 people ahead of me. The girl was so ridiculously slow that I had to give up my spot and leave. If this were the first time that this happened to me at this Starbucks I wouldn't care , but it has happened multiple times. I would suggest that if this particular barista is going to run the check out line they might want to consider a back up to help her.
5	this is my favorite Starbucks on campus. Needless to say how good Starbucks coffees are, the atmosphere in this Starbucks is very soothing, I like reading, telecommuting or even studying for exam at upstairs, where big couches are provided. I spent most of my class intervals here as it is really strategic to be on the state street.I even bought an Ipad from a college student here. LOL.
2	Usually I'm a big fan of Starbucks locations but this one... it is no where near the top of my Starbucks-love list. The staff is friendly, so they mega-props for that. But since it is located in the heart of State Street, it is ALWAYS crowded. I'm usually able to snag a table, but the pickings are slim. My other major complaint is that the wireless rarely works. It is spotty at best. Maybe it is the large number of students using it at the same time, but it never allows me to fully connect and work online. It's also a pretty loud location. Not in an annoying way, but with the music filtering through the speakers and the amount of students working on group projects, it is not easy to work on something that requires concentration.
2	Well, now I know why coffee snobs (like me) have nicknamed them "Charbucks." Horribly overroasted beans make the coffee taste awful and burnt.So, why two stars? Well, for the service! It's awesome...seriously. The employees here are great, even if they have to deal with making coffee from super-crappy, stale beans.If I'm in a pinch and have to choose between these guys and the horrendous Espresso Royale across the street? I'm going with Starbucks every time. Nice employees will always make me spend my money over an annoying hipster who can't brew a cup of joe worth a damn.
5	Service is above and beyond awesome!  Makes a great start to my day and the products are fantastic!  I can't say enough about it!
4	This location is a very good example for what a Starbucks should be.  Usually, the service is good and timely, even if you go during a rush in the afternoon.  The wifi can be hit or miss depending on how many people are using it.The reason for the four star rating is the problem that is common to most State St/Campus open areas - the transient/homeless population.  It's not unusual for one table to be taken up by someone's plastic bags or someone to be sitting out panhandling.  It's not Starbuck's fault - you see that at most coffee shops in the area.  There's really not much they can do to control the problem, short of kicking them out.  That's an issue for the city of Madison to deal with.
2	This Starbucks is always freezing cold in the summer, uncomfortable. But usually, it's comfortable in winter and has a nice lounge upstairs and a second set of bathrooms, which is wonderful. However, today the lounge was freezing cold, causing everyone there to leave on their coats. There is a fireplace that was not lit, so I asked the barista why it wasn't lit, and he said, "it smells like gas, so we have not lit it this year!" It's very cold, and there are lots of nice coffee shops in the area with better coffee and much better food. Really-you can't call a repairman? And the wifi did not work well.
4	Starbucks coffee is utter garbage.  If you want quality coffee, I can give you five other coffee shops on State Street which serve coffee that doesn't taste like it was filtered through an old muffler.Why four stars, then? The service. I have never ever been made to feel like I'm bothering them when I order my drink.  THAT is why I go to Starbucks versus the hipper coffee establishments down the street.  This location has the best service I've ever seen ANYWHERE.  I've never seen such friendly baristas.  Is the coffee spiked?  Look, if you work at a Starbucks near campus, you're going to deal with all sorts of characters: bratty undergrads, random homeless, impatient businessmen who have important meetings, etc, etc. I've never seen an employee lose their cool.  In fact, they look like they're having fun most of the time.Come for the awesome service, stay for the meh coffee.
5	Have you seen the seating area upstairs?? It is gorgeous, spacious, and full of outlets! It doesn't hurt that you also have a fantastic view of state street from the balcony. I think I've found my home away from home. :)
4	So I''ve only been in Madison for a short time, but I love coming to this Starbucks. I am not a huge fan of the coffee here, but the atmosphere is wonderful. The staff have always treated me well, and the first time I came here, one of the ladies working treated me as though we were already good friends. A+ to the nicest barista in the world.They have both a downstairs and an upstairs sitting area. Downstairs is more like an normal Starbucks, but the upstairs is split into two areas, including a large outside porch area. The inside upstairs has plenty of space with tables and some more comfortable seats (but watch out because it is pretty cold up there) , and the outside has the same. I''ve only experienced this outdoor porch during June, but it is one of my favorite places to go. Also very close to the Union Terrace and the Lakeshore Path if you'd like to walk after grabbing a coffee.
4	I love this Starbucks in spite of myself.  It's a bit grimy and crowded but because of it's unique location, poised at the tip of State St., it's inserted itself right into the center of Madison student life.When I went to college at UW, there was a warm, gray-haired barista who would sometimes be the only human contact I'd have all day.  I'd see her at 6am (This Starbuck is open the earliest of all the downtown coffee-shops) and her warmth would make my day.  I came back to visit recently and she was still working!  How nice that some things don't change.Some advice:Study upstairs it's comfy and quiet and has it's own bathrooms.  Downstairs is more for socializing.They have special deals around finals weekThey are open ungodly earlyThey are a hub for the homeless population in Madison.  Make of that what you will.This location has the reliability of any Starbucks anywhere--an internet connection that doesn't cut in and out, cute spaces for reading, calming music, strong coffee, chewy rich bakery treats.  Ideally I'd like to support local coffee shops but I come here because they just do it better than anyone else!
4	This is one of my favorite Starbucks - not that I drink at any Starbucks particularly often. The location is a big plus, and the workers are always friendly. They are efficient as well - they have to be, considering how much traffic this store gets. If you walk in and see a bit of a line, just know that it tends to move fairly quickly.
5	Been here once and they didn't mess up my drink! Woot!
