3	So far as much as I could tell you is that- the selection is not bad, i seen more i like here for sofas,then RC Willey.. The staff is hit or miss, as the weekend has more customer service and I stuck with the same person who helped me during the week.. Of course she was busy , because everyone else came back to her too, but the other one were just waiting for customer.. Finally I told D to get me help and/or I am out of here, so break down and split your commission... Ordering was easy, and  now waiting on the final product, it was suppose to arrive this week, but , the other day I was informed it will be another month-wtf. I think they should give and additional extra , making me wait longer.. Hopefully with this extra time to make my product that it comes out great... Eventhough it was not really a custom item...
2	I finally got word that my sofa and love seat was coming today.  We prepped the area and found out that there was a problem with the sofa.  The delivery person said that the heat will cause the leather to tighten, but my wife's thinking was that they just wanted to deliver and forget about it.   She sent it back.  We were kind off disappointed after spending $4800, they could have at least check the furniture before sending it out.  That will probably be the last thing we purchase from them.
1	Walked in the store looking for recliners and a storage case for my DVDs and the first  guy I ran into was a guy in a suit behind the counter. Before I could finish asking my question, he interrupted me and told me to find someone else because he had too much things to do. I then went to another person, and asked who that guy was. He is the manager. In the whole store for the 30 minutes I was there, there were 3 other customers. There were 4 salespersons and 3 warehouse employees. With his people doing all the work, how much could he possibly have to do? A manager who can't designate responsibilities?But if he is that rude, I wonder how he trains his people.Sufficed to say, I guess I will find my recliner from some other overpriced place.
2	They are friendly, knowledgeable sales associates and Layne is a good decorator.  That's where my satisfaction ended. I had a problem with a rug I bought and there was no follow up except by me, in getting the issue resolved. I was even dealing with the manager!  Today, I was told by Joy, when I called to finally schedule the replacement rug delivery, that she couldn't help me because " all the computers were in use" and I would get a call back today. Five hours later, 9pm, no call back received.  I feel that sales is their only focus and to heck with the customer after that.
