5	5 stars for sure! I called needing a carpet cleaner same day and the gal that took my call was very nice and got us right in! I probably called 5 other places before finding Cranmore and could not get help, and the others were rude. These guys are professional, and very nice! You wont be disappointed.
4	all I can say is fantastic.. had a few Thanksgiving spills called them up... They where at my house in less than 10 minutes and service was immaculate must call this company if you are having carpet troubles
5	They did 5 rooms in my house today. Scheduling was easy. They showed up right on time and did fantastic work. Very courteous and careful. I will have them back again and already made an appointment to have my grout cleaned in 2 weeks.
4	I called Cranmore Carpet Cleaning late on Friday and reached Ty on the phone.  He was very accommodating and scheduled me for the time I requested the following week.They arrived a few minutes early and we went over the plan.  Very friendly and courteous.  They cleaned the carpets in three rooms and were finished in less than an hour.  Very thorough and the carpets look great.  I'll have them back next time I need carpets cleaned.
5	I have a restaurant and have been looking for a locally located carpet cleaning company to clean our restaurant after we close at night.After leaving a message with few companies and not getting any return calls, I found Cranmore and e mailed them for a quotation.Tiffany got back to me with an appointment to come to the restaurant right away to give us an estimate. Their pricing is very reasonable.So the day of the appointment, Ty the owner, his brother and his father showed up on time and did a very professional job. I was very impressed.This is a family run business and they take pride in their work and it shows.I highly recommend this company for any flooring cleaning needs.
5	Probably the best carpet cleaning we have ever had. On time polite ,and knowledgeable and never tried to do add ons or up the quoted price. Our search is over,we have tried the others and this is our Carpet cleaner from now on
5	Excellent service. On time professional.  Did a wonderful job.  Cleaned my carpet today. Very satisfied. Would highly recommend.
5	Highly recommend Cranmore Carpet Cleaning.  They were on time, professional and did a great job!  A+
5	Contacted Cranmore Carpet Cleaning via their website and asked for a quote to clean two bedrooms and a walk in closet. Tiffany responded with a reasonable quote within minutes. Scheduling was quick and easy. Blake, the business owner, arrived early and was very professional and courteous. He and his helper inspected the carpets then set up their equipment. I especially liked that they wear booties and use corner protectors. They were in and out in under one hour and our carpets look fantastic. We will definitely be repeat customers.
5	Would ABSOLUTELY recommend Cranmore Carpet Cleaning to anyone.... Scheduling was a breeze. Tiffany was very sweet the few times I talked to her. I even had to reschedule and still they were very accomidating. Ty showed up right on time (early in fact), and was very personable. Prices are very resonable, I probably would have even paid more because I am THAT satisfied with the quality of work I have recieved. Got my carpets cleaned just after buying my property. Previous owners had cats (I dislike cats and have quite a few family members that are allergic). Getting the 'cat' out of my carpets were very high on my priority list. After Cranmore, my carpets are beautiful, have no cat smell, and look plush and even more luxurious than I've seen them. I WILL use Cranmore again. SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESSES! (Especially when they are this great!) Thanks Cranmore!
5	I had a flood , Cranmore was there quick and did a awesome job, and was great price !!. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM !!!!!
5	Nearly speechless!Nutshell: Very expensive area rug was picked up for cleaning. During the process the rug was accidentally destroyed. The owner contacted my wife to deliver the news and in the same breathe explained that he had already ordered us a brand new rug - it arrived yesterday via: UPS direct from supplier. In a world of poor customer service this company really turned a tragedy into a story of accountability and integrity. I will allow them to clean all of our carpets going forward and will go out of my way to sing praise for this character quality company. Other local businesses can learn a lot from these guys! Someone you can trust - no doubt!
5	Would definitely recommend this company. The man was on time, did a fabulous job, and the price was very reasonable. He was friendly and even gave some advice about purchasing a vacuum and future carpet care. Will definitely be using this company for all our future carpet cleaning needs.
5	Awsome!Thank you!
5	Family owned business that does MORE then what they say they will!!! No BS with these guys. Clean cut, very respectful, and no hidden fees. Blake did a walk through with my wife and I, didn't try and sell us on anything that wasn't needed. He was able to get stains up that had been in the carpet for years. Buy once, buy right, buy Cranmore!!!!
5	Such and awesome company. Family owned and operated, the guys are so nice and very pleasant to talk to and work with. If I ever need my carpets cleaned again, or when I need my carpets cleaned again, I am going to use Cranmore Carpet Cleaning! A++++++
5	I love this place. I had just moved to Arizona and I was looking for someone to clean my carpets and when I called Tiffany was very sweet and understanding. They showed up a few mins early and the gentleman was very kind and professional. He did a awesome job...he was very quick and he answered any questions we had without making us feel like he was being bothered. We have now had them come out 3-4 times. Im from a small town where everyone knows everyone so the fact that they are family owned and ran...you definitely get great costumer service. We fell on some hard times  with money and they worked with us to still have nice carpet. LOVE THIS PLACE and so will anyone who wants great prices and wonderful costumer service...you definitely won't regret it.
5	We used them this summer and they did a awesome job.  Ty was so nice and very knowledgeable about his trade, will definitely use them again!  Highly recommend them!
5	Once again we had Cranmore clean our carpets...Ty did a EXCELLENT job..We won't use anyone else.
5	Cranmore Carpet Cleaning does an amazing job! They have cleaned my carpets several times, they always do a great job!  I am a Real Estate Agent and I refer them to all of my clients. I recommend them to anyone!
5	Met this company at a house where I was working. Called and got an appointment for the next day. They showed up on time and out carpets looks brand new!
5	Best Customer Service!!  Best quality service!  i would Highly recommend them to anyone!
5	We found them on Angie's List and we were not disappointed.  We had two huge area rugs that were extremely heavy, and they had dog stains all over them.  I doubted the odor could be gotten rid of.  The nice young man showed up, moved furniture out of the way, rolled up the carpet, and carried it out to the truck.  I couldn't believe it.  Talk about a strong, and capable worker!  The other rug was already rolled up and out in the carport.He brought them back on schedule and did all the work again with putting the rug back.   I think he said they had to clean the rugs twice.  Whatever they did, I was so impressed how clean they got.  Ty struck me as an honest person who wants to keep an excellent reputation for his business.I highly recommend Cranmore Carpet Cleaning.
5	Cranmore is the real deal.  I have been using a big name company for several years and decided to give Cranmore a call.  Well worth it. I thought I had clean floors using a big name company, what a big difference in the look and clean feel of the floors in my house using  Cranmore. I'm not one to write reviews but took the time for this one.  Top Notch guys keep it up!!!
5	Great company,  best cleaning, best customer service!  Please do yourself a favor and support this local business!  You won't be disappointed!
