3	I've gotten my hair cut there a few times. 1st of all, all of their stylists are ranked. The better they are the more expensive they cost. I'm not really sure what the ranking is but i know the best are the Guru's. The first two times I've gotten my hair cut from their guru's and was very disappointed both times. Cut 2in shorter and not what I ever wanted. I even brought a picture of what i wanted!The next couple times I requested anyone but a Guru and surprisingly it was a huge improvement not only in cutting style but the price as well. The stylists who were lower ranked were so much better than the gurus. And that's worth an extra star or two.One more piece of advice. They'll automatically start styling your hair after they cut it even if you don't ask for it. There were many times when i walked in and ask specifically ask for "Wash and Cut ONLY" and they start styling my hair anyway and they charge for it. DON"T get your hair styled! Sure these girls are great at cutting hair but the styling is absolutely awful. My hair literally looked like i just came out of a tornado storm. Talk about hair flying everywhere.
4	I've been a client of Shaunte for about 2 years. She is such a joy to be around and makes my hair look GORGEOUS. I would highly recommend her as a stylist. The only caveat is their prices; I pay twice as much here as I do back home for the same.exact.thing. That is frustrating but I'll bite the bullet.
1	My stylist was a girl with poofy pink hair and an undercut. I told her I wanted my shaggy hair cut short, but not so short as to show scalp. She set the clippers to number 6 and trimmed the back and sides. After a quick wash, she took scissors to the top and left it several inches longer than the rest of the hair. At the time I thought it looked okay, if not quite what I had asked for, so I deemed it good enough. However, after going home and getting a better look at it, I realized that it was very uneven.So, for the same price I had paid for one visit to this mall salon, I bought a pair of clippers at the store, and asked my wife to even things out. Now, I'm not sure if this was the absolute first time she'd ever cut hair, but it was definitely the first time she'd ever used clippers. The result? A haircut that was actually even. It looked way better than what the so-called "professional" at Mia & Maxx had done.If you need a simple, short cut, you'd be better off investing in a good pair of clippers than going to Mia & Maxx. And since they couldn't even do a competent job of something that basic, I wouldn't even consider them for anything more complicated.
5	I've been a client of Mia Maxx forever! The main stylist I see is Heather! She is absolutely wonderful! Awesome staff too! I've had cuts and colors done by some of the other girls as well and all do a fantastic job!! Def recommend Mia Maxx!
4	I recently had the "big chop" meaning, I cut off all of my hair, stop putting in relaxers and went 100% natural (afro). One of the problems with making this bold move is keeping your hair moisturized and shaped up. Because there simply just aren't many salons here Madison that I feel can work with women of color who have natural hair (because they either don't have the experience or proper products) it has been difficult finding a professional stylist. I'd gone to Mia and Maxx a few times in the past and saw that one stylist named Shante was a natural. I made an appoint with her to simply give me a hair lining and shape up my ends to fit my face. She did a great job. I was very pleased with her work. Not only that, but she offered me expert advice for how to keep my upkeep my hair which often times stylist do not do when you're in their chair. You're going for more than just a hairstyle but also tips on how to maintain the style and provide some consistency to your hair routine. She was quick and thorough. She also gave me a lining that was more fit for a woman's face. Some people only know how to give a "circling" lining on the back of the neck because they are maybe fearful to try something new. However, Shante gave me more a square lining so that it didn't take away from my femininity. Their prices aren't bad either. For a wash, cut and style with her, it was $31 not including tip. Prices do vary from stylist to stylist due to level experience and what you're seeking to get done to your hair. I will continue to make appointment with her when I need my next lining.
1	Just discovered that Shante no longers works at Mia and Maxx as she has moved to another salon out of Sun Prairie. Considering she no longer works here, I don't think I will be returning. She was the only one whom I felt could work with ethnic hair from what I've seen of the other stylists.
