4	Studzio is almost more of an art gallery than a restaurant, which is what it aims for in my opinion. It is without a doubt one of the more original and creative restaurants I've been to: the menus are hand-written by a local artist and presented on wood clipboards, the washroom walls are graffitied, instead of plates slabs of slate are used. The food itself is good, but not the best. For 42$, we had eggs benedict, an asparagus & bacon omelette, orange & grapefruit juice. All options come with a fruit salad (served in half a coconut), roasted potatoes, some fruit cake, and coffee. I would definitely come here again based on the decor and ambience alone. Go check it out!
3	Stopped in here for a drink and a couple appetizers.  The salmon tartar was pretty good but the other salmon appetizer was just okay.  I had the mojito which was not bad, but not stellar either.
2	This place was fun and tries very hard to please....but there are a few drawbacks and it falls short of many Montreal restaurants which easily get three stars. Most of the portions were way too small more suitable for people on diets. I ordered a salmon and shrimp main dish as part of the Tabledote, it was tasty and nicely presented on cool plate of black slate. Maybe there was one shrimp sliced in half and two or three bites of salmon on the skewer and that was it. Another skewer would have  satisfied. The beet and goat cheese salad was very light on the cheese about a teaspoon. My friends plates looked skimpy too with the exception of the steak frites. A glass of wine was included with the dinner but it had a few fruit flies floating in it. The server politely replaced it, but, the damage was already done.  In an attempt to be loungy and "tres cool" some housy/techno music was blasting everywhere making table conversation difficult. On the plus side it was a fun atmosphere and the presentation of the food was done creatively. It shouldn't take too much to bring this place to a much higher standard. So I wont return until it gets there.
