1	1-Star service is what you get when you try to escape the prices of the nice, fancy hotel spas.  My girlfriend & I wanted a mani & pedi, but we didn't want to pay the $115 that The Wynn Spa was charging.  So we went across the street to the mall for a more reasonable price of $70.They were so nice there, we just assumed they were doing a good job.  Every single nail was crooked.  When I went to pay, I noticed and made her refile my fingers so they were even and presentable.  After sitting under the dryer for over 10 mintues and getting quick-dry spray, every single nail managed to smudge or chip.It was truly the worst manicure & pedicure I've ever had.  Do not go to this place!
3	Eh.I found this place to be rather.... strip mall 20$ pedicure-ish for my tastes.Except, I paid 50$ for a pedicure instead of the 20$ that it was worth.I was disappointed that they didn't have massaging chairs, becasue I'm a dork and really look forward to those.....:(
1	I was in a hurry, so I stopped here before actually checking up on the place. My mani/pedi cost me a fortune... $74 not including tip and by the end of the night, the polish was peeling.  If you want a decent manicure and pedicure you have to go to the hole-in-the wall places, at least they do a decent job, for HALF the price!I don't recommend this place what-so-ever, it was the biggest waste of money and the one purchase in Vegas I regret--which is pretty bad considering I paid $18 for a cocktail at one hotel.Don't waste your time or money :(
1	STAY AWAY!!! Keep your money in your pocket. This is the WORSE place to get your manicure and pedicure. I paid over $40 for just the fill. The next day, my nails started splitting and water was getting in. They did not glue them. I also had a broken nail, which they charged extra to fix. Needless to say, that broke again. Yes,  the next day. I have been doing my nails for over 25 years and never experienced such a rip off place with techs who does such a lousy job. It isn't cheap either.
