1	Maybe it's just me, but when someone has the word "gourmet" in their name, I expect something fancy.  At Red Robin, they don't seem to get it.  Their burgers are, well, just burgers.  There isn't anything gourmet about the place.You can get the same burger - or even a better burger - at plenty of places around town.  Not only is it not gourmet, it's not even really that good.  In fact, I'd probably rather have a burger from McDonald's.  Heck, I'd probably rather get a Chick-Fil-A than one of these things.  To make matters worse, they are horribly overpriced.And if the food and price weren't bad enough, the service is bad.  Really bad.  We went one night when there was just about no one in the restaurant, and it took 15 minutes just to get a menu (15 minutes is my cutoff, and I was just about to walk out).  Then it took nearly 30 minutes to get our burgers.  By that point, I was so hungry that we just complained and ate the food.No response whatsoever from the server or the management.  No apology, no free cheese (for which they charge extra, on top of the overpriced burger), no free dessert, nothing at all.  It's like we were troubling them for making their life more difficult.  Gourmet.  Ha!
1	Overpriced, bad service and basically not very good food.  Food ranged from average to almost inedible.  I 100% agree with Chad E
2	I'm not that big of a fan of chains. My coworker, on the other hand, is so we decided to grab a (veggie) burger.The waiter was friendly but not the brightest crayon in the box (we're talking Antique Brass or Timberwolf if you go by Crayola colors..). Here is the conversation we had while he was taking our orders.Me: "Uh, yeah. I'll have the Gardenburger without sauce."Him:  "would you like that medium, medium well or well done?" Me: "wait, a VEGGIE burger?" then he explains he's new and was told to ask that to everyone for any burger... then I explain that if he asks that for the veggie, chicken, salmon or cod burgers he's gonna get some akward reactions seeing they all have specific temperatures and cook times... Anyhow!My veggie burger did in fact end up well done! Sorta crunchy and not so pleasant. The fries were a little soggy too.I've been to Red Robin before so on a "oh hey, maybe we should go to this place" I give it a 2 of 5, as for a comparison of other Red Robin locations, I give this a 2.5 out of 5. No care went into the food preparation. That's what I get for going to a chain...
5	Loved the burgers and endless fries! So so service.
4	Goood burgers. Very consistent.
4	I went out on a date with my girlfriend who drove down from Maryland for Lunch. Service was above par, Both sandwiches were done well, and we enjoyed our time at Red Robin. The only complaint I had was the fact that the fries that were served with the burger were luke warm at best and I requested a new order, and received a fresh batch, hot. They were delicious.
2	Some things on the menu are good. Other things not so much. Definitely overpriced, but nice for kids.
2	Gourmet burgers? I must have been in the wrong restaurant because I did not see any. This place is decorated very nicely and festively. It looks like a nice place for kids to eat with all the statues of the bird, but the food left a lot to be desired. I had the mac and cheese with rib tips and my sister had the shrimp tacos. The shrimp tacos were very good. The shrimp were grilled to perfection and the cabbage added a nice crunch and the avocado mellowed every thing out. Now my mac and cheese on the other hand, I give 3 thumbs down. It was literally boiled pasta with no butter, milk or cheese with a drizzle of cheese like substance on top. I brought this to the waiters attention and he told me that that's how they make their mac and cheese. Smh. I returned the fail that they call mac and cheese and got shrimp tacos instead. Not sure if I'll ever return to this restaurant.
4	Ate here as a party of eight (five kids and three adults). Great service; food was what we expected.
2	So I noticed that they seated all the blacks in the back where the tv's and seating is not upgraded the server "Brandi" had a slight attidute and the only reason she got the tip that she did was because my dad was there. they had a new item that my dad tried some roast beef sandwhich that they tried  to make fancy and was over priced. it should have been called roast beef sandwhich with a dip. it will be awile before I come back
3	Menu with a ton of different burgers?  Yes, please!  Unfortunately for Red Robin, it's a chain... so you can get your burger from one state to the next.  The university location seems to be fairly slow (not busy) but our server was nice enough.  We were there during peak lunch time and it was barely full.  I guess it's hard to get away from this place without dropping $12-15 dollars for lunch.  Granted it's a pretty hearty meal, but a bit expensive for lunch.The dining room is kept clean and there is plenty of nick-knacks on the walls to look at to kill the time.One thing that they have going for them is their "special" Red Robin seasoning, which unfortunately on my last trip was a bit solidified in the container which leads me to believe how long it has been sitting there or how NOT often they refill or keep that seasoning at it's best.  Mostly salt, but still.If you are looking for a quick lunch... I wouldn't recommend this place since it was pretty relaxed.  I could see myself getting easily annoyed if I was trying to get somewhere since our server seemed to have fair command over the section, but it felt like the getting the checks took forever.
4	Good grief, people, it's a chain restaurant. You pretty much know what you're going to get when you come here: decent food, plenty of it, at a reasonable price. If you go in expecting the best food you've ever had, you're gonna have a bad time. Recognize that this place calls itself "Red Robin Gourmet Burgers" for two reasons: 90% of the people who eat here equate "big and messy with lots of stuff on it" with "good burger," and "Red Robin Really Big and Messy Burgers That Taste Pretty Ok" didn't test as well with focus groups. If you want a really good burger, go to a specialty burger joint that's not a chain. If you want a big burger loaded with a lot of flavorful things like bacon, jalapenos, avocado, and barbecue sauce, accompanied by a ton of fries and a frosty adult beverage, Red Robin would be a good choice. Is it truly gourmet? Not hardly. Is it gourmet enough for most Americans? Definitely. Anyway, I went to this location while in town on business. Nothing that I wasn't expecting, and just what I was looking for: a decent burger, some fries, and a frosty adult beverage on the company's dime. Service wasn't the best I've ever had but was perfectly acceptable, the food was plentiful and tasty, the beer was cold, and the company paid for it. Nothing to complain about. In the future, folks, when you write a review of a chain restaurant, rate it according to your expectations of it as a chain, and don't try to be a food critic.
4	We have been to this place on several occasions.  The latest visit was the best yet.  The waitress was really on top of everything!  The food was really delicious and cooked exactly to our specifications.  Even though this is a chain, it's one of the best burger places around!  Yum!
1	Ah yes.  My first Red Robin Gourmet Burger.  Solo lunch on a Friday.I ordered the Bacon Avacado burger, bunless with steamed broccoli on the side.  My anticipation growing.First bite, dry, well done.  I thought I ordered "as rare as possible".  Avacado?  Nope.  Some tasteless guacamole that likely came from a can.  At least the bacon was good......but $12 for this?First impression was not good.  I've been told its good, maybe they will get a second chance.
1	Normally, I do not go to this Red Robin location, and for good reason. This experience at this Red Robin were nowhere near meeting expectations. I had a 6-top and the other guests on my cheque complained that their hamburgers were cold, the pop was not fresh and it was not worth the money at all. I don't think I'll return to this Red Robin location anytime soon, and to any Red Robin (at least) for the next couple of months.  Plus, it get's better; I didn't even make it out of the parking lot when I started feeling sick. Great.
1	Very disappointed.  My girlfriend and I went in to the bar area on a sunday they where not very busy and we sat down to place a to go order.  After about 15 min of no one saying anything to us and being passed over for those of a color not of our own we decided to leave.  I love red robin but this visit has just left me with a sick feeling.
2	My wife, grandson and I had lunch there today. My wife's burger was just fine. I ordered the Chili Chili Cheeseburger which was cooked properly, but came with very little chili and even less cheese.  Our waitress brought me a cup of chili with a little cheese on it to add to my burger. My grandson has their kids pizza which came to us looking like it hadn't been cut. We spent $27.00 for this and I do feel ripped off.
4	I've eaten here a few times. The burgers and salads are ALWAYS tasty. I love the variety they offer in a burger, the salads are really fresh and nothing beats the bottomless steak fries. The servers are friendly and never let you have an empty glass!
3	I try not to eat at chains when I'm traveling, but since I have never eaten here I decided to give it a go. I had a burger with to-die-for fries. The server was very friendly and attentive, the food good and the atmosphere pleasant.
1	I was there on a Sunday afternoon when it was dead and the service was horrible. After receiving my food I had to wait 10 minutes for silverware while my food got cold all the while watching the wait staff stand around and do nothing. Instead of tending to my table my server was behind the bar making drinks. Managers were walking around but not one stopped at my table.
1	We took the kids here on Friday to celebrate both our graduation. It was a big disappointment and I had to write a review before I forget!! Service was horrible, they were not busy at all, but it took us 45 minutes to get our food. Our waiter was not friendly at all and didn't care about us at all. We watch other servers tend to their customers quickly while ours didn't. I would see her trying to blame other people for the poor service to her other tables. We were there for over two hours which is ridiculous for this type of restaurant. When we left my husband told the manager their service was horrible...his only response was "what really??" No, apologies whatsoever.Also we love the strawberry freckle lemonade. However, the one here taste like cold water on ice only! We won't be going back to this location EVER!
