5	With my recent medical developments, I have had to spend alot of time buying prescriptions. I have to say that I get great service EVERY time I have to shop here. I am greeted with concern and a smile - my prescriptions never take more than 15-20 minutes from drop off to pick up. I typically can do some additional shopping while I wait for my prescription to be filled. And they have a bunch of new hawaiian food products so ... I can figure out a polynesian dinner while I wait for prescriptions .I am grateful that they are so close to my house and make it convenient to not only get prescriptions but other items as well. If I need to get dog food ... they got it.If I need make up... they got that too...late with a birthday card... they have a great selection...rockin candy and clearance aisle.and for me a chronic writer and journalist... welll... they have tons of those items too.All good... All the time.
5	Their pharmacy is the best. Great friendly service EVERY TIME. they always remind me that I can call at any hour for questions on prescriptions. They give my son a sticker when we go inside, SO much better than the WalMart Robots ;)
5	This is a 24 hour Walgreens, with a very friendly staff.I do not get my prescriptions filled here (but always feel like I should switch them to here because I go here just as often as the Walgreens I do get my prescriptions filled at). Usually when I go to this Walgreens it is to pick up photos. My last photo order was not done to my liking but really, the problem was my own fault. I was highly impressed with the way the store manager and photo employee handled the situation, considering they were not obligated to do anything for me. Five stars for exceptional service.
5	Came by here on the way to Lake Mead for some snacks. Some of the snacks were on sale so I was happy that we stopped here. I got great deals on candy and I refilled on aspirin just in case anyone got hurt at the lake. The service was good and the deals were even better!
1	If ever a place earned a spot on my "Jackassery" list this Walgreens has locked it in. I've made 2 visits to this location today, and another one back on New Year's Day. On New Year's Day they were provided with my insurance info in full, but they couldn't communicate with the pharmacy benefits provider so I had to pay cash price or wait. Nice having to wait when you're sick. Fast forward to today.....I'm very sick, desperately need the antibiotic combo I was prescribed and when I go over there they are like it's not filled yet and we don't have your insurance info on file. So I go home, try to eat, get even worse, print up my proof of coverage info and head back to the store. I go in and when the pharmacist looks me up he's like this is the same info we had on file for you! But now we can't communicate with your pharmacy benefits company!ARE YOU F****** KIDDING ME? If these jackasses had paid attention the first time I would have the antibiotics I need vs. sitting here banging out a Yelp review and getting sicker by the minute. I don't do stupid at all. I especially don't do stupid when I'm sick. And I dang sure don't do stupid when I'm paying out the nose for these benefits and I can't even get a simple antibiotic combo filled! I know that the awesome Jessie B. gave this place 5 Stars...but I sure as heck won't. But I guess I should have known I what I was in for when I noticed these jackasses don't even keep their probiotics in the cooler, they're on the shelf right outside the pharmacy which shows they really don't have a damn clue about what they're doing or about half the stuff they're selling. 1 Star, under protest, with a promise that Walgreens corporate HQ is going to get an earful soon enough.
3	I made the mistake of having my doctor send in 2 prescriptions to this Walgreens location rather then the one down the street I usually use. I did so because this Walgreens has a 24 hour pharmacy and the other one does not, however this particular Walgreens pharmacy is staffed by incompetent employees that are unable to communicate with patients. My prescriptions were called in on a Tuesday, mid-day. I received an automated call around 2 pm stating there was an issue with my insurance, so I called and got that rectified. I went in later that evening around 8 pm, only to find out that only half of one of my two prescriptions were available. This was frustrating, because the prescription I needed most was the one that was not available, and because no one had informed me of any issues when I called in, or gave me the option to pick up the prescription at another location (which I would have gladly done).On the following day, I called to verify that my prescriptions were ready before going to pick them up. Once again, I was left disappointed and frustrated by the lack of customer service. The prescription that was not filled on Tuesday was available, but the remainder of the prescription that was partially filled was still not available. I had been given specific instructions by my doctor on how to take this particular medication, and due to Walgreen's being unable to complete the order I was not going to be able to follow those instructions. After waiting on hold for approximetly 10 minutes I was able to speak to a manager... that wasn't really able to do much but apologize for her staff's failure to communicate with me. Walgreens had no way to get the prescription from another branch during their normal hours, I was told that what typically happens is a Walgreen's employee will go to another branch after they get off their shift to pick up needed items. That doesn't sound like a very good way to run a business to me... I informed the manager that I was going to go elsewhere for my prescriptions in the future. About 15 minutes later, the manager called me back and said that she would be able to get my prescription to their location later that evening. I do appreciate that I was able to get the medication I needed that day, but frakly the hassle I had to go through left a pretty sour taste in my mouth toward Walgreens. Still a good place for photos, drinks and smacks.. but you may want to go elsewhere for your prescriptions to avoid the hassle.
5	The atmosphere is friendly. I come by here sometimes since its just across the street from my work. I call this my 'candy' spot occasionally since I buy my candies when I'm in the mood for it. :) cashier ladies are always sweet. That's a bonus!
2	Be prepared to wait!! So slow! No matter what time a day it is they always have a line of people inside and at the drive-thru!! Not to mention they never answer the phone. If you call to find out about a RX they either never pick up or put you on hold and still not pick up. One time I called at midnight thinking I could get through. Nope, I was wrong. It's totally not the staff's fault either. It's lack of people. They just are too overwhelmed with customers. Be it as it may, I will be changing to the Walgreen's further up Boulder Hwy in hopes that they will be more efficient!
3	All of the ladies behind the pharmacy counter are generally very nice and pleasant. It seems that they are always very busy so the wait times are very long. I normally go after work and the wait is usually 20 minutes just to drop off, give them 30 to fill it and another 15 to stand in line to pick it up. The other day I went around lunch time and expected it to be dead in there. I was WRONG! The wait time was at least double! And while most of the ladies were working hard and doing things as quickly as possible, the young brunette gal at the register was moving AS SLOW AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE. It was like pulling teeth...I honestly dont think she could have gone any slower. Everything she did was in SUPER SLOW MOTION. There is nothing worse than standing in a never ending line and watching a person move that slow. I literally just wanted to jump behind the counter and do the damn job myself. Anyways, I like to shop there. They have a rewards card that gives points for few stuff. I really enjoy all of the employees other than that one gal. Any every time I go to the front register, they remember me and my boyfriend and make small talk which is nice. The wait is just very painful sometimes...
4	Yes. It is slow. Yes. It is busy.......But remember, it is a pharmacy that is OPEN.....ALWAYS. Yes. That's right.... ALWAYS. 24/7. 365 a year. Keep that in mind.Not everyone gets sick during business hours.Like today, my 11 month old spiked a fever of 103, out of no where. After spending a trip to the emergency room across the street..... I found it convenient to drop off and pick up so close.This was around 10pm. The pharmacy technician was working alone, and I could see that she had a line.... At least 6 deep. Make sure you push the "call" button, or else they won't know you exist.She set me up efficiently, and quickly. Told me it would be shit an hour.At midnight, I come back. One car in front of me.... So, yes, always busy. There was another woman being helped inside, as well. Finally, it was my turn. All my questions were answered, the instructions that were given to me were clear.No complaints, really. Slow , yes. Busy, yes.But open, all the time... And that's some thing that my family and I are grateful for.
1	So many times we've come and waited over 20 minutes in line whether you drop off a prescription or pick up. So inconvenient they need to be open 24 hours just so that they can see everyone that stops by. If I can help it I will not be using this location as primary pharmacy.
1	DONT EVER GET RX HERE!!!My doctor sent in a prescription for my daughter, and it was a sedative because she was undergoing a procedure. I picked up the prescription, and noticed immediately that the amount of dosage was very high for a small child. I talked to the actual pharmacist and he said that the amount of dose could put my daughter to sleep - forever. He had us take the prescription anyway. I immediately called my pediatrician on the way to the hospital, who had to inform the nurse of the CORRECT dose to give. Never again.
