5	After moving up to Pittsburgh, I was worried I wasn't going to find any good food at all.  Especially to satisfy my newly acquired taste for Mediterranean food.  Luckily enough Istanbul Grille opened up right across the street from me, and I have been eating there at least twice a week for the past 8months, minus the time I go home for break. The food is amazing, everything is fresh, even down to the yogurt used in the sauces and certain dishes.  The baklava is the best I have ever had, my family tells me bring home at least 2 dozen pieces when I come home to visit.   The gyro is amazing! It is not the frozen blend of lamb that you see most college restaurants selling!  This is the actual meat on the spit style gyro.  My favorite dish is the "Kofte Plate," it is basically a ground meat patty, chicken or beef, mixed with all sorts of wonderful goodies and spices.I am not Muslim, but according to the owner, everything is prepared in the style of Halal cooking, which is equivalent to Jewish Kosher.  There are no pork dishes, and everything is done according to the religious codes.  If you are like me and your stomach has no laws binding it, the food is still wonderful. The last thing to mention, is the owner of the restaurant.  "Josh" is a great guy.  He goes out of his way to make you feel welcome in his restaurant, spending as much of his time in the dining area as he is kitchen cooking.  It's nice seeing restaurant owners being active with their customers.Just my opinion, take it or leave it, but I know I'll be eating there no matter what you think.
5	This place is great!  The food is delicious and the owner is a really nice guy.  Not the cheapest food in Pittsburgh, but definitely worth it.  My personal favorite is the Chicken Shish-Kebab.  The meat is seasoned great, charred on the outside and tender on the inside.  I never thought chicken could be cooked that perfectly.  The rice pilaf that accompanies it is great too, and the salad is a good complement to the other flavors in the dish.
5	It's a tiny place, but the kabobs are great! The owner is really nice and friendly, and it's basically just him doing all the work and then a delivery guy. This is the type of food you will have cravings for afterwards.
5	They have closed the Craig St place and are now just at their new place at  305 N Craig St near (across from) the Market Basket. We went there for lunch and were very impressed. All their stuff is made there except for the Pita Bread. Prices are modest and the staff friendly. Their Humas was first class as well as their babagonush, Teir grill lamb was very good.  They also had great homemade hot source.
4	the marinated baby lamb is insane.  the baba is excellent (nice smoke flavor), and portions overall are appropriate.  They serve a fluffy warm pita with hummus/baba, kabob sandwiches, etc. that is much better than the all too often dried out Pitaland brand pita common in Pittsburgh middle-eastern restaurants (pitaland is ok, but the fact that this place took the time to find a nice alternative is a plus).  Owner really tries hard to please which is appreciated but he can be a bit pushy (he means well though).  Honestly this place kills Alladin's Eatery. 4 stars is a lot for me.
4	Istanbul is full of friendly and attentive staff that honestly seem like they enjoy what they are doing. The food was fresh, hot and delicious.It also helps that it won't bust your budget if you enjoy yourself and have an appetizer, dinner and desert.  Just don't forget your own wine.  This place is definitely on my list if I want to grab a quick dinner for take-out on my way home.
