3	Sweet Impressions is exactly what it is called, it is sweet. The "favorite" was what I had, a white cupcake inside with butter-cream frosting. Presentation is simplistically pretty. Frosting- very hard, didn't even taste like butter-cream. But that's what you get when you leave it in the fridge for so long. Cake- just enough moisture for it to taste like pound cake. I liked it. I scarfed down the cuppycake, but discarded the rock hard frosting. It was probably better that way anyway. R.I.P. frosting. May you rest in peace. There are other items such as chocolate truffles and key lime flavored popcorn. Didn't have any because I'd rather not get a stomach ache. They are open to two in the morning here on Fridays and Saturdays for you party goers who want to grab something sweet after a night of fun.
3	so i like cupcakes and totally bought into the craze. while in madison for the weekend we were taking a stroll down state st when i came across this place. i was totally excited about the price but the cupcake itself just wasn't that great. i guess i would go back and try a different one, maybe the buttercream frosting would be better than the ganache. it could have been that the temp of the case was a little too cold. if i'm in madison again i'll give it another shot though..
3	After catching up with Dr. Shelly V. for lunch, we took a walk and popped in here for cupcake desserts. The cupcakes were reasonably priced and the flavors were creative.Now, to be fair, I just had some really amazing cupcakes in Oakland today. That may bias my review for these that I had over a month ago. Anyway, they were still good. However, the frosting was too "ganache-ey." That said, people who like "ganache-ey" cupcakes will not be disappointed.I forgot the name, but I got a mint-chocolate one. There is a little dollop of mint frosting on top of the chocolate-frosted chocolate cupcake. In that mint dollop was an Andes candy. What was disappointing to me, and at no fault of Sweet Impressions, was that the minty part fell off the top of my cupcake and onto the street. Now, I don't follow that "5 second rule" anymore because I regularly find used condoms, tampon applicators, and men's underwear on the ground near my car in Oakland, CA. I am pretty sure that Madison, WI is not nearly as dirty as Oakland. However, my frosting did fall on the ground that was in front of a frat house...so I still didn't take any chances.
4	I like sweets. I like them a lot. I could eat them in a box, sitting on rocks, near a fox--whatever Dr. Seuss-ism comes to mind.Sweet Impressions has really, really delightful cupcake flavors. Nutella, of course, being my personal favorite. I'm not a fan of buttercream, so I avoid ones with that topping and go towards the more "ganache" type ones, which I think are crafted better in this establishment anyways.The frosting is wonderful--but only for a few hours. After that, it begins to dry and become hard to eat. If you eat them right away, there should be no problem and that's how you know it's fresh.The cake itself is very crumbly and a little hard to eat after you've cleared away the frosting. But the cupcakes aren't the only services offered here: their candies are to die for just as much. I had an amaretto chocolate that was just oozing chocolate-amaretto goodness. If you've only had their cupcakes, you're missing out if you don't try their candies.Personally, I like their candies a little bit better than their cupcakes--but they're both good for what they are. Especially in a town where bakeries are not very close to campus and college students having a difficulty trying to get out to.
4	I love these cupcakes!  They may be too sweet for some, but I have no complaints.  The frosting is quite decadent, which is exactly what I like.  The cupcakes are also affordable, compared to other cupcake "boutiques".  I think the only thing Sweet Impressions is lacking is a nice eat-in area.  I think their cupcakes are definitely superior to Daisy Cafe's, but if I wanted to sit down for a little while, Daisy Cafe would be the way to go.  So four stars for great cupcakes at a reasonable price.
3	I've had awesome experiences with Sweet Impressions and I've had not so awesome experiences so I'll start with the bad and end on a "sweet" note. One, they tend to not make enough cupcakes. My fiance and I went there after dinner, around 7 and they were out of all but two kinds of cupcakes. I've even gone earlier - like 4 or 5 and found that they'd already sold out of some of their cupcake choices. Two, their hours appear to be mere approximations. Twice I've run there during my lunch break and they haven't been open. Once I even waited around until 12:30 PM - the lights were on, the cupcakes were in the case (just tantalizingly out of reach), the phone was ringing and no one was there. Another girl that was waiting even had put in a special order and said she'd be picking it up at noon - but still no one! (which makes me nervous to ever place a special order from them). At 12:30 I left and they still weren't open. That being said, there's something to be said for a cupcake place that has people waiting outside for it to open at noon (both times I've been shut out I was not the only person hoping for a noontime cupcake). Their cupcakes are AMAZING. The cake is moist but crumbly, the frosting is amazing and the ganache is the stuff happiness is made of. The cupcakes get 5 stars but the service and my rage at not being able to reliably get my cupcake fix makes me have to give them 3 stars.
5	These guys know how to make a fantastic cupcake.  Most often, bakeries can easily nail the frosting part of a cupcake, but miss on the cake portion.  Sweet Impressions does it all perfectly.  I had one of my "cake for lunch" days on Saturday and indulged in 3 cupcakes - the Cherry Almond, CoCo's Cupcake, and Raspberry Chocolate.  OMG.  The chocolate flavors were so rich and the cake was very moist.  The frosting to cake ratio was right on.  My favorite was the raspberry chocolate, which had a decadent chocolate ganache topping, creamy white raspberry frosting, and a single raspberry on top.  The fruit and chocolate contrast was awesome.  The shop itself is very cute and was a great find on State Street.  Service was prompt and prices were reasonable.  Their handcrafted truffles also looked divine.  I wish I could visit Madison every weekend so I could sample more from Sweet Impressions!
2	I didnt love these cupcakes.  I thought they were dry and the icing was kinda gross. Maybe I've been spoiled because I live in California and have eaten some great( and not so great) cupcakes.  For 1.75, they were passable.  Better than a supermarket cupcake.  In cali, we pay 3+ for a cupcake so when I saw a groupon for 6 for 5.00, I bought it.   I ended up tossing 3 of them in the trash because by the next day, they were really dry.
2	I adore cupcakes. I really do. So, I was thrilled to find a new little (new in the past 10 years anyway) bakery on State St. It looked like they had a few interesting choices, but I went simple and got The Favorite. It was a regular vanilla cupcake with pink buttercream frosting. The cake, itself, wasn't incredibly moist, but the flavor was decent. My disappointment was in the buttercream, itself. I LOVE a nice, airy, sweet-but-not-cloying buttercream and have been spoiled by some nice places in Chicago. Unfortunately, the buttercream was almost completely solid (refrigerated too long?), and tasted pretty much like a molded pat of butter, with sugar blended in. The sugar granules on top didn't help.Could have been an off day.
4	I had one of their chocolate cupcakes with the cream cheese frosting at the Taste. I was great!! It had a lot of frosting which I like and it was moist and full of flavor.  I have cupcakes from around the globe and this is one to put on my top ten list.
4	I've been fortunate to have Madison Sweets a few times. I've never been disappointed. Most recently, my company ordered 200 "brain" cupcakes. (Yes, they made the icing look like a brain. We work at a "think tank") They were done perfectly and everyone raved about them.Highly recommended for two or two hundred!
2	I stopped in to Madison Sweets on a Saturday evening. They only had about four cupcakes to choose from. I chose the cherry flavored cupcake. It looked beautiful, but then I bit into it. The texture of the cake was...crunchy. However, there were no nuts or fruit in the batter to make it crunchy, which meant that the cupcake was sitting out for hours. It was so hard that the cupcake paper stuck to the sides and was difficult to peel off. The frosting was overly sweet with a few Craisins on top. At $2 a piece, Madison Sweets should only serve fresh cupcakes. If they have no fresh cupcakes to serve, don't put any out for sale at all..When I pay for a dessert, I expect quality and freshness. While the presentation was pleasant, this stale cupcake did not wow me by any means. Skip this place and get some ice cream at the union instead.
2	Incredibly underwhelming, and I am a baked sweets FIEND. Texture was rubbery, taste was not very sweet at all and generally grainy, frosting tasted too milky for a good buttercream. Very small cupcake for the price.If offered these again, I wouldn't take them. I've gotten much better cupcakes from a grocery store bakery.
5	I don't know if it's because I walk a few blocks home to eat my cupcakes (and thus my frosting softens) or perhaps I'm just a softy for a locally owned business, but I like this place. We've been stopping by every so often to get a reasonably priced treat (seriously, the Walgreens down State sells cellophane wrapped cupcakes for the same price -- if you'd prefer). I enjoy the fun and the flavors that they incorporate. Not to mention, the guy working is always super nice! Perhaps, there are more "perfected" cupcakes, but I'll take mine on State Street, sold by a local family, with quality ingredients.
5	The popcorn here is the best I have ever had.  I have become addicted to the Flaming Cheddar Cheese flavor. The thing that is most impressive is the high level of quality and consistency from bag to bag, and yes I have had many bags.
5	I used to be really fat.  I lost a lot of weight a couple years ago, but the fat man is still inside me.  When it comes to eating sweets, I still love them, but I will only eat them if they are actually amazing.  Something "good" just isn't worth the calories.  I've tried other cupcakes before only to be disappointed.  Something is off, and when I dig a little deeper, it's usually because the place is using pillsbury cake mix (ahem daisy cafe & cupcakery) or frosting from a jar (cough gigi's cupcakes).  That not what's going down at Madison sweets.  I've quizzed the owner about her baking, and she actually really truly makes everything from scratch.  Cream cheese frosting starts with packages of cream cheese!  Buttercream frosting starts with packages of butter!  I love butter!  I don't accept substitutes because it just doesn't taste as good when you start adding artificial junk into a recipe.  That is the real secret behind the food here: it's real food.  It's made with real ingredients.  It takes time, effort, and energy to make your own cake rather than using a cake mix, but it does in fact come out better.    There is one HORRIBLE unfortunate side effect of using real ingredients without preservatives and artificial stuff.  The cupcakes are stored in a refrigerator to keep them fresh.  Therefore, when you buy one, YOU MUST WAIT!  Seriously, WAIT!  Wait 5 minutes until the cupcake comes to room temperature.  I hated the Holy Guacamole cupcake the first time I tried it.  The baker/owner, Katie, insisted that it was an amazing cupcake if I just waited a few minutes.  She even offered me a free one if I promised to wait!  I waited, and she was right.  The lime in the frosting (which comes from real lime juice) could not be tasted in the cold cupcake.  In a room temperature cupcake it really popped nicely against the cornbread taste in the cupcake (achieved by using cornmeal in the cake).  The avocado flavor was even more subtle and was totally lost in the cold cupcake, but perfectly perceptible in the room temp version.  The thing that really makes this place special, is the options!  So, here's another tip: try something different.  The favorite is good, but it's just a plain white cupcake with plain pink frosting.  The tux is just plain chocolate cake, with plain white frosting.  BORING, I SAY!  Here are a few of my favorites:1) Salted caramel.  It's a rich, dense, chewy, caramel cake with the most wonderful salted caramel frosting!  Seriously, the frosting makes this the most outstanding cupcake in the Madison Sweets arsenal.  I get weak in the knees every time I try this cupcake.    2) D'oh!.  It's chocolate cake with chocolate frosting.  It's hiding a large ball of cookie dough in the middle.  The cake, frosting, and cookie dough combination are an awesome textural/taste combination.3)  Mustachio Pistachio.  This is my favorite cupcake.  It tastes like butter and pistachios.  It puts me in a trance every time I buy one, and I therefore unwittingly buy two.  It's not that popular though, so all of you need to buy more so it gets stocked more often.  Seriously, buy this cupcake.  4) The elvis.  Banana cake is moist and delicious.  Combine it with peanut butter frosting, and it's a little piece of heaven.5) The carter.  Ok, so I may be biased towards the peanut butter frosting, but it's on top of a chocolate cake.  Peanuts and chocolate were just meant to be together.6) Strawberry shortcake and Chocolate strawberry both have real homemade whipped cream mixed with fresh strawberries in the middle.  It makes for a lighter, yet still wonderfully delicious cupcake.  7) Tiramisu: I had never had mascarpone frosting til I tried this cupcake.  I'm a little bit of an addict now.  Is there like an mascarpone frostingaholics group?  I should seriously consider joining.  8) Raspberry truffle.  Raspberries were put on this earth to be paired with chocolate.  It's as simple as that. (the chocolate ganache does make for a nice touch though too)9) Coconut cream.  I don't even like coconut that much, but the cream cheese frosting on top is mind blowing.  The fresh whipped cream center is a nice surprise.In summary, go here, order a cupcake with a flavor that appeals to you(don't be boring and get plain), wait 5 minutes til it warms up, eat, and you will never look at another bakery again.  You will be hooked.  I know I am!
4	Tasty cupcakes, reasonable prices. Definitely let them come to room temperature when you get them though. I understand keeping them in a cooler for freshness, but they probably could deal with just having them in a case - it's just 1 day. Salted Caramel = divine! Mint = pretty damn tasty too.
5	All you have to know about this place:  BEST BUTTERCREAM FROSTING EVER.  Yes, I do have to shout, thank you for asking.The shop is located in the heart of downtown Madison...it's tiny and it's perfect.  The cupcake I tried was awesome (and no, I was not still drunk from the game thankyouverymuch), the staff is funny and friendly, and the other treats they make are pretty cool too (insult truffles, anyone?).  Next time I'm in Madison, you bet I will be stopping in.
4	We decided to use Madison Sweets for our wedding cupcakes. The flavors are so much fun - we had our bridesmaids each pick a flavor and we picked our favorites as well. We ended up going with Not-So-Thin Mint, Ella's Nutella, The Great Dane, Pumpkin Spice, Red Velvet, and Chili Mango Tango. Our cupcake tower (with a 6-inch small cake on top) was definitely a hit! Katie is great to work with, and we found that the prices were extremely reasonable. There were times when it was more difficult to get in touch with Katie to finalize, since she's a busy woman, but overall we'd definitely recommend them. Delivery and timing was perfect. We didn't hear any complaints from our guests, and they're still raving about how fun the flavors were. I think that the cupcakes are definitely a bit sweeter and less 'moist' than some of the other competitors, but we found that these were the perfect fit for what we wanted at our wedding (we're not cupcake-connoisseurs, but the flavors are diverse, eye-catching and tasty).
4	Would definitely buy cupcakes from here again - so yummy! I really appreciated the size of these cupcakes. So many of these fancy cupcake places now make cupcakes the size of a softball, which is just way too much, especially on the icing. These cupcakes, on the other hand, are easily polished off in about 3-4 bites and have a nice amount of frosting, but not so much you end up with it up your nose. Bonus! I ordered the pumpkin spice as well as the apple carmel and both were divine. I honestly couldn't pick a favorite. So, so good. My one minor complaint is I ordered these for delivery at a specific time, and there was a mixup. So not only did they have it down as 30 minutes later than I had asked, but then they were 15 minutes late on top of that. But when the cupcakes finally got there, they were so good that we soon forgot they were late. Very friendly when I called to place the order as well! Easy to use online menu was great as well.
5	Omg the cupcakes are to die for . Took my daughter there , she wants a dozen for Christmas . She is 26... The frosting , the cake ,the filling oh my
2	I tried the mint cupcake and the raspberry truffle cupcake. I wasn't impressed with either. They also are little for the price you pay.
4	Did you know that Madison Sweets does wedding cakes? You should.While Katie is totally slow to respond to calls or emails our cake was AMAZING. For the size of cake we got (4 tier), the price was astonishingly low. It didn't turn out exactly as I'd asked for (the frosting "dots" around the bases of each cake were giant instead of pearl-sized), but that was minor really. Even my friend who is a pastry chef commented on how good it was. We had the salted caramel and the coconut - all with vanilla buttercream. The buttercream was smooth and lovely and it all tasted DELICIOUS. We considered some of the "big names" in Madison cake making, but are so so glad we took a chance on Madison Sweets. They may be mainly a cupcakery, but they made an absolutely gorgeous wedding cake for us that really helped make our day! Highly recommended!
4	I recently stopped in here on a Saturday evening and had a fabulous visit.  I ordered a salted caramel cupcake, which was super tasty.  My friend had a pumpkin spice cupcake and loved it.  The staff member who assisted us was friendly and helpful with recommendations.  I was surprised to see such a variety on a busy Saturday evening, and the cupcakes tasted and looked fresh.  This will definitely be on my list for future Madison visits.
4	I've never been a big dessert guy, but it's hard to say no to some custom made delicious cupcakes. Red velvet is oh so sweet.Not-so-thin mint is super minty.Pumpkin spice is such a treat..The Carter is so peanut buttery. I would definitely check this place out. Just don't let your dentist find out.
3	I just want to start off by saying that I have been absolutely spoiled in the world of baked goods. I have friends who used to work at cupcake shops at home, so I've definitely had my fair share of these delectable sweets. That being said, please forgive me if I sound a bit haughty... Starting off with the positives: Madison Sweets has a pretty decent selection of cupcakes to choose from - both savory (holy guacamole!!) and sweet (Dark Chocolate Pomegranate). My friend and I split a Coco's Cake, and I really liked that the cupcake (being ALL chocolate) wasn't overpoweringly sweet. I also appreciate the fact that the cupcakes aren't way overpriced like the ones they have at most "gourmet" cupcake shoppes. $1.90/cupcake is super reasonable, and it doesn't make me feel like I'm overspending for a little treat.However, I was quite disappointed that the cupcake didn't have the moist, softness that typically comes with freshly baked goods. (Maybe it was a one-off. Maybe we shoulda chosen another flavor. Who knows.) It just seemed strange that all the ovens were cold on a Sunday afternoon. I would have expected there to be fresh cupcakes baking for the following morning. Hmmm. I'm also not a huge fan of charging for carry out boxes. A $0.50 box for a $1.90 cupcake just doesn't make much sense to me. It was nice of the guy to offer us utensils for our boxless cupcake though.
4	Good bakery, has a smaller selection of baked goods and they are delicious. Had the macaroons which were good and the cupcakes which are also good. Each had a good burst of flavor, so this is not some store bought tasting place, if you have a sweet tooth, make sure to stop by and try.
3	Very cute little setup here. Nice simple selection. Great flavors. Nice when you hiked a couple miles on state street to take a break! Great prices !! Nice boxes for gifting or taking to work !
2	Boring.  I love cupcakeries.  And the cupcakes were good but nothing was outstanding.  Cupcakes are trendy, so stand out.  The caramel apple cupcake was so dense.  I wanted to bite into a light and fluffy cupcake.  It was just disappointing.  These were my birthday cupcakes!  BIRTHDAY!  The big 3-0 and it was just ok.  I also had a carrot cake.  Once again...just ok.  I love carrot cake.  If everything else was awful but you made an unbelievable carrot cake, you could win me over. Two stars on yelp is Meh.  And Madison Sweets, you are just Meh.  I went in at 1 o'clock and your selection was also sparse.
3	Enticed by its very sweet smell coming from the store, I eventually bought their macaroon. As a no expert of this delicacy, I should say their pistachio macaroon fits my tastebuds. I don't really like the cherry one, as it is too sweet for me. I may be back again to try out their cupcakes.
5	These cupcakes are AMAZING and I don't even like cupcakes usually! Any caramel flavor is delicious, especially the caramel apple! The frosting is not sickly sweet like many cupcakes. Also the workers are extremely nice.
5	This place ROCKS! And I'll tell you why...I wanted to do something fun for my daughter's bday. She is in Madison. I called this place up and asked if they could deliver a dozen cupcakes to her work building. The guy said "no problem"... and in less than 10 minutes, we had the transaction done. They were delivered exactly when we said so... Easy breezy! I asked them to deliver an assortment with NO MEAT... they have a bacon cupcake. Since my daughter is a vegetarian, I figured that would be a faux pas.They chose:sea salt and caramel (2)lemon (2)red velvet (1)pumpkin (1)mint (1)nutella (1)chocolate and peanut butter (1)plain with chocolate frosting (1)chocolate with chocolate frosting (1)coconut (1)She had the sea salt and caramel and said it was very good... "good frosting to cake ratio". "sometimes there is a stuff on top like the lemon one has a lemon candy." Now, I can't attest to the quality of the cupcakes myself, but the service is beyond compare. And when my daughter sent me a chat that said "excited for the nutella, peanut butter, and other sea salt one :oD ", I knew they served their purpose.What more can a mother ask for?!?!?!
3	This place saved my life. Three times.Sooo there I was, on State St, assigned with the task of finding a last minute birthday gift. In fact, I was so desperately pressed for time that my creative juices weren't flowing. That is until I strutted past this tiny bakeshop and breathed in the sugary aroma that Madison Sweets always has pumping out onto the sidewalk in front of the store. Bingo. Choose from one of their dolled-up cupcakes, top it off with a tiny chocolate....insta-birthday present. They'll even box it up for you all perty for a bit of an up-charge. Success.In spite of this apparent perfection, the actual quality of the cupcakes I've experienced from Madison Sweets is ehhhhhh...just average. But it's the thought that counts, so for a friend, they'll do :)
5	This place is GREAT!!!! I used them for my wedding cupcakes over the summer and the cupcakes were beautiful and the guests couldn't stop eating them. It seemed like the salted caramel was a crowd favorite. I was able to order 8 flavors and one of the cupcakes was gluten free. The prices were amazing and I was able to order plenty extra for guests to have 2 or take one home. The staff was on time and did a beautiful job setting them up in a display. Would absolutely recommend!!!
4	The macaroons are sooooooo good! The cupcakes could be a little more gourmet to compete with current cupcakeries. Con: charge for a cupcake box if you don't buy enough Overall a great place to go for a sweet treat!!!
5	As far as Madison's cupcake scene goes this place is AWESOME. I have been going here pretty much since they opened, back then my then bf (now husband) lived on Langdon. He had a class with Katie ( the owner) so we decided to try it out the first week it was open. We have been going back ever since. This past year we even had them do a dessert bar for our wedding. Katie was super helpful with the whole process. we had mini cupcakes, cheesecakes, macaroon, mini tarts and wedding colored popcorn. All which were LOVED by my guest.  But why go there for non wedding needs you ask?? 1)Their cupcakes are priced much below than their competitors, although they have gone up. And they are YUMMY!!!2)Their other dessert options and popcorn is also awesome. 3)The staff is super friendly, and knowledgeable. I especially recommend the sea salt caramel cupcake and pistachio macaroon. They do have some minor cons- no place to sit, not ideal for a rainy or bad weather day. Since they tend to have fresh product- their selection is scarce on some days. You have to pay for the boxes for the cupcakes not included in standard price, but they give it to you in a baggie, so its not a big deal unless you are buying it for someone else. Overall I really recommend Madison Sweets.
1	First of all, let me just say that this place has DELICIOUS cupcakes. Madison Sweets offers some of the tastiest cupcakes in all of Madison, and they always have a great assortment of flavors on a daily basis. However, the reason that I am giving this place such a low rating has to do with the low level of professional quality that I have observed on a number of occasions. I have witnessed the owner of Madison Sweets slandering the names of local bakeries in front of customers during several visits. The owner of Madison Sweets consistently offers negative comments about Kilwin's and Gigi's Cupcakes, and he tells customers that these two local sweet shops are overpriced and use fake ingredients. During my last visit to Madison Sweets, I was about to purchase a box of cupcakes when I overheard the owner telling two customers about the overpriced and low quality fudge at Kilwin's. I turned around and walked out of the store. I don't think that kind of behavior is acceptable in the workplace, and I refuse to give my business to a man who, albeit makes fantastic cupcakes, endorses slandering local businesses. I found him to be unprofessional, rude, and slimy. I won't be giving Madison Sweets any more of my business because of the owner's inexcusable and unacceptable behavior.
4	I had my wedding cake done here and the cake turned out AMAZING.  I had a very specific idea of how I wanted the design on the cake done and it turned out exactly what I wanted and was absolutely beautiful.  For our flavors we got the salted caramel and the tuxedo.  I absolutely LOVED the salted caramel.  It was the perfect balance of sweet and salty.  My husband picked the tuxedo for his layer of the cake, which was also good, but I'm not a good judge of chocolate-flavored cake because I personally don't like it.  However, my husband really like the tuxedo.  The price was incredibly reasonable for the size of the wedding cake we ordered and they were very professional in making sure the cake was set up beautifully on the day the wedding.  I would have given 5 stars except we had to reschedule one of our meetings for the wedding cake because the cake designer forgot that we had scheduled an appointment.  She did, however, apologize several times and gave us free cupcakes to make up for it.  Overall, I would recommend this place if you are looking for a place to make your wedding cake for a reasonable price that is delicious.
2	Had to pick up some snacks for a meeting, got some of the bagged popcorn on the shelves. It was completely stale. Maybe this place is better for the other stuff. Maybe the popcorn is just a slow seller. Still disappointing.
4	I ordered 225 mini cupcakes for my wedding and they were fabulous!!! Their tiramisu cupcakes were to die for and my guests enjoyed the classic and the tux as well. We sampled a few other bakeries in Madison and Madison Sweets was the winner hands down! Let me reiterate that the cupcakes were absolutely delicious! However, their timeliness to respond to questions and follow through with placing our order could have been done in a more timely fashion. Other than that, they were a delight to deal with.
3	Yay cupcakes!! Centrally located on State right downtown, Madison Sweets has one of the most reasonable pricings around for cupcakes and macarons. They update their daily selection of cupcake and macaron flavors on their facebook page daily, making it really convenient to check out what they have in store. They also have mini cupcakes, which I really love. However, I don't think that is on a regular basis. When I asked them the other time I was told the mini ones are for custom orders. And some times they have some extra ones and those are the ones that end up on their shelves. I wish they would post the availability of their mini cupcakes on the facebook page as well. It will help mini cupcake lovers like it a lot, that way I won't have to call ahead or make a trip down to 'try my luck' haha. The cupcakes are nice, but I find the frosting a little too rich. It's not excessive frosting, just rich. Their macarons are good too. I wish there could be less coloring used. For example the vanilla macarons, which is amongst those I like, are a bright blue. I did some research before and I don't think there are natural sources of blue coloring. Not the most exciting part of the macarons. For the most part macarons are known for their texture and taste, not so much the colorings. They have popcorn too. So many flavors including cookies and cream, which is my favorite together with the caramel and cheese popcorn *yums*
