5	A nice little find tucked away in the overly pretentious Borgata shops, Sugarbakers is a new entry (only opened last month, I believe) into the competitive lunch market.  However, like Transformers, it's more than meets the eye.  In addition to traditional lunch fare (sandwiches & salads), they also serve breakfast and have a full working bakery that churns out cookies, brownies, pies & made to order cakes.At first I kinda thought this place was typically, Scottsdalianly overpriced.  However, look who they're competing against for your lunch dollar.  For $9 at Sugarbakers, you get a half-sandwich with REAL carved turkey they roasted that day, a bowl of homemade soup, a mound of kettle chips, a homemade mini-muffin, a couple pieces of carrot, a slice of pickle and an olive.  (I was a little like, "uhhhhh, why do I have an olive?" at first).  Compare that to $6 for Subway or $8 for something like Paradise Bakery.  The freshness and quality here are so far superior that you'd be a dumbass not to pick Sugarbakers.Also, I had a bit of an "OHMYGOD" moment.  I'm not sure if it's because I'd pretty much cut sweets out of my diet for the last month or so or what, but their chocolate chip cookie is effing ridiculously good.   They also had something called a "Cowboy Cookie" that had pecans & rice krispies in it.   It was novel, but not holycrapworthy like the chocolate chip.  Most of their lunch items are in the $7-11 range.  Next time I go, I have my eye on the "Sedona Special Salad", which has greens, turkey, cranberries & pecans.with a citrus vinaigrette or the "Sugarbakers Chopped Salad" that has greens, avocado, blueberries & walnuts.  Their breakfast stuff seems pretty fairly priced- Stack of pancakes for $5, Apple Praline or Bananas Foster French Toast (whoa, sounds good) for $8, Bacon & Eggs for $7.   I'll have to check it out and throw on a homemade cinnamon roll just for good measure.Also, like I mentioned, you can get cakes & pies to order.  When I was there, one lady was picking up 30 cakes for an event.  Sugarbakers also makes mention that they use organic & natural foods whenever possible.  The quality shows.
4	I have to admit, I had high expectations for Sugarbakers since reading Sean M's 5 star review... and when I walked into the restaurant for lunch yesterday, I was more than excited!  It's adorable - I actually kind of felt like a kid in a candy store looking around at the fresh bakery items and large menu with so many fresh, yummy items to choose from!  I think the colorful walls (mauve, pink, yellow, and green) added to the happy girly atmosphere there - I began to wonder a bit about Sean!It was a beautiful day at the Borgata and my first trip there since their remodel, so I was blown away by how happening it was on a weekday.  I chose to wait for my lunch companion (the lovely Kristin S) at a table outside in the sunshine by the fountain and green grass.  I should've taken some more time to study the menu instead of my beautiful surroundings because I ordered wrong!  I didn't read the menu description as closely as I should have, I guess... I went with the 'California Open Face' sandwich under the 'Sugarbakers Favorites' section of the menu.  Looking at the menu now, it reads "Fresh roasted turkey breast, Provolone, bacon, avocado, tomato, lettuce on wheat & special sauce with fruit cup."  I missed the 'special sauce' part of the description so when my food arrived covered in a mayo-like sauce, I was not so pleased.  I also was disappointed because it came on rye instead of wheat.  (minus one star for that).  On the positive side, the food being served around me looked really good, and Kristin seemed to enjoy her 'Italian Salad.' Although it wasn't exactly what I would've liked to order, I ate my open face sandwich (special sauce and all), and we had a delightful lunch together.  I will be back to Sugarbakers, and I'll look forward to trying their breakfast and bakery items in the future as well - next time, however, I will take more time to study the menu beforehand!
4	It is amazing that I checked this place out on Yelp two hours ago and was sold by Sean M and since there have been to more reviews.  Clearly Sugarbakers is a hot spot!And I bet some more reviews flow cause it really is great.  A great vibe that is colorful and feel good lunchy.  Great menu with great desserts.  All fresh meats on the salads and sandwiches.  Everything has got that home made feel, well, cause it is.They do the order then put your number on a table thing so I ended up eating my strawberry cake first while I sipped the obligatory prickly pear tea (visitor to AZ, yes, me).  15 minutes though  the lunch rush later I enjoy my super fresh Sadona Salad (chicken, cranberries, walnuts), and a little gingerbread muffin on the side. And all that sitting outside in the sun in the resort surroundings.  Great price for a great lunch.Oh, and us reviewers aren't the only one going to this place, I waited in line for about 25 min before ordering and looking backwards, the line never tapered, so yeah, worth it, but only if you have the time.
4	Well, all the other kids are reviewing it today.....I met Gabi K. for lunch here yesterday and it was quite nice.  I definitely got the feeling that it was a great spot for a girly lunch.  The menu is rather extensive and I suggest studying it before you order because I definitely missed a whole section of it.  They have all your standard choices you find at a lunch place.  One thing I wish they did have was the ability to make a half sandwich/soup/salad combo of your choice.  (You can choose the sandwich but the other parts of the combo have to come from a predetermined list)   There are lots of desserts in cases too which looked ok but not appetizing enough for me to order them.There is plenty of seating and we chose to sit outside as it was a beautiful day.  (Aren't they all beautiful here?!)  We were definitely the youngest people there by a good 40 years.  It was fine though, I'm just saying the Borgata is designed for the older set.  As in your grandparents.  But the old people are cute, I love seeing old couples hand in hand.  Its heartwarming.  But I digress.  After a bit of a wait our lunches arrived and yes, Gabi's was drowned in a thick brown gravy like sauce.  My salad was covered in cheese.  There was definitely not a lack of meat or cheese in my salad (the Italian).....I thought it was interesting that my dressing was served on the side yet Gabi's dish was covered in sauce.  The dressing was actually pretty tasteless which was a little bit of a disappointment.  It also came with a mini muffin (very yummy) and saltines (strange).  I would definitely return for lunch and the breakfast options look great too.  Its a great choice for a relaxing quiet lunch.  (Unless the old people start to act up!)
3	I run the risk of being labeled a hater with my   review of this little lunch spot but oh well. I haven't felt so out of place since I accompianied my ex girlfriend to her Junior League luncheon. I wasn't totally sure what this place wanted to be, I mean there were a bunch of boomers sitting around getting bombed at two in the afternoon next to a pile of blue hairs munching salads and sandwiches. Is this a place to take Gram when shes in town? Or do I drag my sister here to experience the ambience and the hipster guy that brings your sandwich? Anyway the food was good but they bring way too many plates, one for your dressing, one for your sandwich, one for your salad and an extra one for a tasty little muffin.  If they want four stars they should whittle away the pretention, serve up the good food and dispense with the magenta booths. It clashes with my scarf.
3	They have some tasty treats here.We stopped by about 5 minutes before closing to get a few treats and picked out 4-5 cookies to try.  They were all tasty, but nothing overwhelmingly good.The decor is fun with hot pink booths and lots of little cafe tables.  The menu looked really good and I would like to come back and try some lunch fare if I'm in the area.  They had lots of baked goods that looked yummy and seemed to have different offerings daily.  They had everything from dinner rolls to entire cakes.Overall a nice little shop, but I would have to try a few more things to solidify a stronger rating.  Right now, it's not somewhere I would drive out of my way to get their desserts.
5	My husband and I enjoyed some cookies here and will have to come back for lunch.  What a cute place in the Borgata in Scottsdale.
4	I finally returned to Sugarbakers today... Sarah G and I were finishing up at Yelp Office Hours and we both felt like a salad.  I suggested it and she was game!We both went with the Cobb salad, and it was perfect - pics coming soon from Sarah.  Great presentation, big portion, fresh ingredients, and yummy dressing!  I had mine with turkey instead of chicken and honey mustard dressing - yum!The employees are friendly and it was a good experience - I will say it's a bit pricey though.  It was $10.95 for the salad and then once you get a drink and add tip, you're lunching for practically $20 a person!  It is a fun ladies lunch place to visit every now and again, and if you're in the mood for pastries, there is plenty to choose from.Solid 4 stars (again)!
