5	Yes 5 stars. Read my previous review for the company that tried to rip me off. Jeff is a stand up guy. Did a great job. Went above and beyond and saved me $640 compared to previous estimate. On a Sunday, was onsite in less  than 3 hours. I highly recommend this company.
5	Why do things seem to go wrong on a weekend?  and at night?  My tenant texted me on a Saturday night that their AC had gone out AGAIN!! This was the 4th time.  I had used another AC Service for the first 3 outages.  Frustrated and not understanding why we continued to have problems (was it the tenant?  was it the other company?) I called Honest Air -- referred to me by my brother who said he has used him often and felt it did great work for him always (2 different properties).  So I called on a Sunday and Jeff was out that morning.  Listened to the tenant describe a clicking noise he hears, (something he described to the former AC company also each time) - Jeff knew exactly what it was, made the repairs and was in and out in 15 minutes.   No Further problems. Responsiveness is great!  Work is great!  Pricing $50 less than the other company's "standard" call pricing.
5	2/8/2014It is a pleasure to write this review concerning Honest Air, Inc. of Mesa, Arizona.We recently received several quotes for replacement of our two Air Conditioning/Heating units for our home.  All the quotes were for 3 ton, 14 Seer Air Conditioners and compatible Furnaces.  The Honest Air quote included an upgraded furnace when compared to the other quotes.  HONEST AIR BY FAR HAD THE BEST PRICING.We worked out a date for the installation with Jeff, the owner, for the following week.Mike and Brandon did the installation.  They had no problem answering any questions that we asked.  They were very concerned about the install being correct and paid extra attention to the small details (sealing everything, drain lines being correct, items properly connected and secured, etc.)  They were very pleasant to deal with and did an excellent job cleaning up as they were working.We highly recommend Honest Air.Bob & CheryMesa, Arizona
5	This is by far the best Air Conditioning people I've ever encountered. Their pricing was extremely fair. All work was installed quickly and without a glitch. They responded quickly on my first unit repair, so I gave them a chance when I finally bought a new one. They will be my air-conditioning people for as long as I live in Mesa, Arizona.
5	Called this place because my usual air conditioning tech was not available.  I am very pleased with the service I received. They technician was exactly on time and was professional, polite and courteous. They didn't perform extra work and didn't charge me for unnecessary repairs.  They gave me several suggestions for preventative maintenance and tips on filter changes.   I highly recommend!!  Did I mention they came out the same day I called?
2	The Service Technician was really good but they charged me $145.00 for a ten dollar part.
5	My air conditioning stopped working one night in May.  When the technician came out, he said the breaker had been tripped.  He flipped it back on and it was working until Sunday night.  Since it was the breaker last time, we turned it off and then back on and we had cold air again. I decided to have 3 separate companies come out to evaluate the unit.  I was told by each one that I needed a new compressor.  This would cost $1800.  I asked how much a new unit would cost and got figures from 2 companies for $5500.  (The 3rd company quoted $10,000 for the same 5 ton, 13 SEER unit!!  What a rip off.)  I quickly became aware of the fact that if a company pays their technicians by commission, you will get a huge range in quotes. I then called Honest Air Conditioning.  Kenny came out to give me another evaluation.   When he finished his evaluation, he determined that the compressor was fine, the Freon was fine and all I needed was a different breaker.  He called Trane, was told that I needed a 60 Amp breaker, not the 50 that I had.   Kenny went to Lowe's, bought one for me, installed it and it is working fine.  It cost me less than $120!!  I am now using Honest Air Conditioning and highly recommend them to anyone.  They have an A+ rating with the BBB and great reviews on YELP.  They have had no complaints in the past 12 months.  The company has been in business for many years.  Don't be taken by other companies who pay their technicians by commission.Thank you Kenny and thank you Honest Air Conditioning!!
5	Our AC unit stopped working on Sunday night. I requested a service call via in the internet. As a precaution, I called for service when they opened at 7:00 a.m. They had not yet received the service calls from the night before so took the request over the phone and scheduled a tech out between 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Pretty impressive turn around time, if you ask me.At 8:30 a.m. Kenny shows up. He figures out the problem in about 15 minutes and said he'd need to go to the shop to get the blower wheel. The blower wheel was a bit pricey but it is a Trane unit so I went with it.My AC was up and working by 10:20 a.m. He gave me information about how often to replace the filters and the age of the unit. I am a fan!
