2	Not too keen on Taj Indian, based on one visit. Two words: scary bathrooms (you have to walk down a long hallway at the back of the building to get there - it's right out of a David Lynch movie!). Two more words: slow service. We had to practically beg a server to wait on us, and there wasn't a big crowd to justify the wait. The food was good, but I would much rather go to one of the Indian restaurants on State Street before going here again.
4	I've been to Taj 3-4 times and have been consistently pleased.  I've never had slow service, it's always been very prompt and incredibly pleasant.  They bring you a neat little trifecta of sauces to use on your crispy bread starter.  I'm actually not 100% sure I've ever gotten anything other than their saag paneer (I dream about their saag paneer on my lonelier nights), but maybe someday.  ;)
4	Firstly, I should say -- this place does have delivery. In fact, more and more restaurants are offering a 3rd party delivery service called StraightToYourDoor.com . They are one such place at the moment. I have gone here a few times, dinner and lunch. The dinner experience I found slightly slow, even though nobody is there. Maybe its based on the way they prepare food or something but it feels like you wait forever. Even with an appetizer, I still waited a while after finishing it for my main course. Lunch is where it is at. For $7.95, they have a lunch buffet that includes naan. If you wanted to be el-cheapo, if you forgo a drink, that is under $10. I believe with a drink, it goes slightly over. But still, that is cheap for a lunch. It's a great way to introduce others to Indian food or give yourself an opportunity to explore other things you might not otherwise order for dinner. I find the wait staff very friendly and you can tell they take pride in their restaurant.
1	Went there for brunch yesterday (Sat) ... two words, stay away!Yes, the owners look friendly ... but if its good Indian food you're looking for, Taj is a big let down. The brunch menu was sparse, most dishes watered down (tasted nothing like they should), food didn't taste fresh & to make it worse - my glass of water had stuff floating in it.
4	I always get the chicken tikka masala and it's always delicious.  The staff is pleasant and I haven't had a bad experience.  The price is a bit steep, but it's worth it for the occasional dinner splurge.
5	Taj serves up the best Indian dinner in all of Madison. I have been on several occasions and have always enjoyed all aspects of my night out. The restaurant itself is pretty small but very well lit and cheery. There have been several other groups dining during my visits, but I have never had to wait for a table. The staff is always attentive but never in the way. The complimentary poppadom with three chutneys is a great way to start the meal off. All three chutneys are very flavorful and completely different from one another. The chai is wonderful; I'm pretty sure it's made with cream. Great naan too. For the main course, my favorite is the vegetable korma. It's the perfect combination of creamy and spicy. I am a little skeptical that the vegetables were frozen minutes before the reached my plate, but who's to care if it still tastes like heaven on earth? The saag paneer was also very good. I have yet to try Taj's lunch buffet, but if the food is anything like it is for dinner, I'm pretty sure I won't be disappointed.
2	I'm reviewing this place since it's the best Indian restaurant in Madison, but my review applies to all the other ones in the city:If you crave real Indian food, I would highly recommend you stay away from this place. The food in their buffet is very watered down to cater to American tastes since there's practically no spiciness or flavor to anything in their buffet. Heck, even the watered down Indian food places in San Francisco are more spicy (and better) than this place. However, like any other Indian restaurant in Madison, this place has cheap/reasonably priced buffet lunch specials which makes it worth a visit if you happen to be starving and in the area, but if you have any real expectations about Indian food in the region, you're better off trying your luck in Milwaukee or Chicago instead.
3	First to arrive for the lunch buffet, so the food din't sit for long. Literally had one of everything (I shouldn't be allowed at buffets), so I got a good sense of what they had to offer. the good- pakora: the vegetable (cauliflower) was better than the fish or chicken, crispy & well-seasoned- saag paneer: creamy, thick & rich, but not excessively so- kofta: nice soft texture, good flavor, well sauced- gulab jamun: not offensively sweet, good texture- kheer: same as abovethe just okay- samosas, garlic naan, basmati rice were fine but unremarkable- watery dishes: chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, dal, raita (would have been much better if the sauce had the consistency of the saag paneer)the wtf?- beef at an indian restaurant?! - no lamb- no spice/heat- bathrooms are kinda retro but not scaryI recently just got back from a trip to India (Jaipur, Rajasthan) and the dishes listed under 'good' above were comparable. At less than $10, it was a great deal and will be back.
5	Admittedly, I've never had the lunch buffet; as for the dinner menu, though? Delicious! The Boy and I eat there at least once a week, often twice. We go through withdrawals if we're away too long!Since we're both veg*n, I can only attest to the Vegetarian offerings, but between the two of us, I think we've had everything in the Veg section, and we've never had a bad meal here. Every plate has the option of mild/medium/spicy, and extra rice is always available free (even when you take half of the food home, as I usually have to do). The portions are perfect in that, if you're like him, it's a perfect stomach-stuffer -  and if you're like me, I always have leftovers for the next day! Particularly good dishes are the Baingan Bhartha, Vegetable Mango, and Bhindi Masala (The cheese-eating Boy swears by the Saag Mushroom and Paneer Jalfrazie). The Samosas are wonderful, and the onion chutney is always amazing. Be sure to add a Taj Mahal beer for the perfect meal. :)The prices are great (two meals, an appetizer, and a couple of drinks comes to less than $30 before tipping). The service is always prompt and friendly, and while the atmosphere is casual (we often venture in in hoodies and jeans), you could easily make it a nice date outing (the lighting is soft and the decor nice enough). Taj is an all-around great establishment with a great family-owned feel that's friendly without being overbearing.
5	We recieved superb service and memorable food here. Rice, papadum, and a chutney assortment were all included with our meal, which I don't recall always being the case at local Indian restaurants. We will certainly return.
4	The Lamb Vindaloo here is delicious! Nice interior and great service.
3	I want to give it five stars.  I went here easily 25+ times over the past three years.  I've been here for both the all you can eat lunch and dinner (dine in and dine out).  I really like the people who own and run the restaurant, and I would love to see them keep dishing out food for years to come. But despite my loyalty, I just can't go above three stars.  First of all, it is pretty pricey.  $11.95 and up for entrees, and an extra $2.50 for the almost obligatory naan ($1.95 for plain).  Granted, it's a lot of food- you get a big serving of rice along with a large, generous portion of meat and curry.  But it's madison....I can eat at some places very close for under $6.Second, I know it's recycled lunch items on me for dinner take out.  It's not hard to tell.  Dried out, reheated naan just doesn't taste like it does when it's piping hot out of the tandoori oven.  I'm pretty sure i've had reheated lunch servings of curry as well.  It didn't happen every time, but it happened enough that I decreased my visits.Lunch is probably better than dinner, with a big selection to choose from, and all of the food is good.  I'd definitely recommend it for lunch.I feel like the chef needs to go on "kitchen nightmares."  The food is great, but It just seems like somewhere along the grind of maintaining a restaurant the owners/chefs lost their passion.  Gordon ramsey, make them whole again.  Then maybe I can come back and update my posts after I get some fresh cooked food at a reasonable price.
3	Yum!!!I have never really had Indian food before and me and my man went for the lunch buffet.  It is an $8 buffet and while it is not huge, what it had was diverse (at least for me). I was up for trying anything, which I did and it was all good!  I loved the samosas and I dipped them in a yogurt sauce that they had available.  I tried vegetable korma which was tasty with just enough heat, and saag paneer, which was different but still good.  My favorite was probably the vegetable pakora... and of course, the naan!!! I also tried the desserts, which weren't my cup of tea but interesting.  They have a gelatinous dessert called gulab jamun and I found out that it is soft fried cheese balls!!! i didn't love them, but I did love this place!
5	Ah I miss this place! It was my favorite place to have Indian food in all of Wisconsin. Service was exceptional, and the food was beyond great. The price is reasonable and we went there a million times with no hiccups. The only weirdness is having to use the restroom, it's so far away, and that it is on the ever unpopular Park Street. Don't let that deter you, it is so worth it to dine here, a good place for date or family adventure. I am not a buffet person so I cannot tell you if that is good or not, but the meals are insanely delicious.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  I would give ten stars if I could and signed up for a yelp account just so I could share my awesome find with others.  Hands down some of the best Indian food I've ever had . . . and I lived in India.  Great, friendly and fast service in a cozy atmosphere.  I've been for dine in dinner and take out and have never been disappointed.  Their prices are incredibly reasonable - I highly recommend the combination dinners - they have a vegetarian or meat combo that includes three curry-type dishes, nan, rice, pakora appetizer and dessert for under $14!The chicken tikka masala is incredible - like everything else.  They give you generous portions (enough for at least another whole meal at home, YUM).  The only draw back is that the are a little off the beaten path on S. Park but well worth the extra five or ten minutes out of your way.
5	Wow!  This place is a great pick for that night time date, family get together or just some place great last minute.  The buffet of course is the best but the evening menu is delicious.  I had a spicy lamb dish and my daughter had an amazing crab crepe!  Over the top good.  Lovely and elegant place but modestly priced.  No other place to go for lunch or dinner!  A Must!!!!!!!!
5	Great dinner. Good service.
4	I'm not sure what made me think of this place today, but I miss eating there. Good food and the folks who own it are a real pleasure. It's not that Indian food in Philly is terrible - but it ain't great neither. Glad to see Taj is still doing.
2	Ever since my husband took me to my first Indian buffet in town, I've been trying other places like it.  Today we went to the Taj, and I was pretty excited.  It was very cozy, and the staff was so friendly.  But as far as food selection and food quality, definitely not worth it.  The one fish dish they had was so dry, I could barely chew it (and this was only an hour after they'd opened today, so you'd think it would've been fresh!).  I would not recommend this Indian buffet, and would instead direct others to either A. Swagat on Old Sauk Rd or B. Maharini on West Washington Ave.  I don't think I'll be back to the Taj though.
4	Good buffet, good service, good prices, and the food is 4/5 stars. My favorite can't miss meal is the butter chicken and naan...5 stars!
4	Amazingness. I used to come here when I was at university and nothing has changed.my friends and I ordered samosas, garlic naan, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikkaMasala, and Chana masala. No complaints. Very tasty. Now I noticed a few people complaining about the price. But to cook these sauces and samosas at home takes more money than you'd expect. Also it's a lot cheaper than other cities. Bonus: $8 lunch buffetIf you want some yummy Indian cuisine try Taj.
4	Love Taj!  Lunch buffet is a great value and the food is delicious.  Madison has some very good Indian food options, and this is one of the best.
5	I have eaten here about 10 times and gotten take-out maybe another 7-10.  GREAT Indian food, excellent service, and a nice setting.  You know those places that have stuff hanging off the ceiling but it is greasy and has cobwebs?  Well this isn't it...Taj os bright and cheerful and c-l-e-a-n.  The vegetarian and "meatatarian" specials are both good (ask to upgrade the basic naan for a small upcharge to garlic or ginger).  The Indian wine, which I had never had before going here, was impressive.  Lighter fruits and various floral flavors blend beautifully and pair nicely with the dishes, and the wine is very reasonably priced.  Oh, and the only tandoori I have ever had that is moist - too many are dired out.Overall a wonderful value, and nice enough you could make it a special event dinner.
3	The place is quite nice in appearance and seemed very clean.  The food was hot and the buffet was kept stocked nicely.  The food wasn't bad but wasn't that good either.When I think of Indian food, I want a depth of flavor, some intensity.  The food here was none of that.  It was even somewhat bland.  The chicken masala had nice chunks of white breast meat, but there was hardly any spice in it.  Seemed like Midwestern chicken gravy.  And the beef curry was just as flavorless.The nana bread was good as was the rice Brian's.  but that was about it.
5	Ordered takeout from this restaurant. The food was great! Had the chef selection, which comes with three entree choices of the chef!
5	*Try the Peshwari naan.* The chopped raisins give the naan a unique, subtle sweetness that goes very well with curries. All the curries I have tried are incredibly flavorful and well balanced. Their lamb is so tender. Like almost all Indian restaurants they can't cook the meat directly in the sauce since there are so many different sauces, but this lamb is very delicious in its own right. Same goes for the fish and chicken. Favorite curries so far: Lamb Mughlai, Chicken Korma.
5	Really enjoyed the food and the experience.  Super nice staff, easy to get in and out of the parking lot.  Reasonable prices.  Super yum, yum, yummy!
5	I got Taj delivered to my apartment last night as I didn't feel like venturing out to a restaurant. It was super fast and arrived piping hot, I was very impressed!I got the Matter Paneer and it was the best I have ever had. Super flavorful. The rice is also delicious as was the naan. I got an order of plain naan this time but would try a new flavor next time. One thing I would note for next time is that the dinner options come with a side of rice. I didn't realize this as most places I have been to everything comes a la carte. So I ordered an extra order of rice but like I said it is delicious so I'm not complaining!
2	What are people giving good ratings talking about?For starters, the bathroom was disgusting: flies everywhere.  There are some in the main restaurant, too.They left the tikka massala unfilled until several people finally asked for it.  The Naan was obviously just heated up in a microwave. It was also pretty cold.  Yuck!
4	Damn good Indian food, beating all the places I have tried in Chicago.  That may not be all of them, but I am working on it.Anyways the highlight is the peshwari naan which is unique to this place as far as I can tell.  It has a raisin paste in the middle and has sesame seeds on top.  Puts all other naan to shame.I see a lot of people complaining about lack of spice and I can see the complaint, but spicy is not a quintessential characteristic of Indian cuisine.  Some places serve creamy curries and others are like the Indian equivalent of Szechuan food.  What I am trying to say is that this place is not inauthentic because of a lack of spice.Anyway of the many curry dishes here I think the Mughali is the best.  Sadly, they make a weak rendition of Bhindi Masala or I would probably give it five stars.
4	I go here when I don't go to the Square for the other Indian places. Always my favorites are the chicken tikka masala and carrot halwa. The mango ice cream is always good. The chutneys are varied but mango chutney is extra. The naan could be better. The only other negative is the restroom. Its unpleasant.
5	Taj is consistently fabulous. We always get the Chicken Saag, Baingan Bharta, and lots of naan. The naan is flaky (not like a flat pancake as we've had at other Indian restaurants), there's plenty of chicken in the saag, and the Baingan Bharta is full of vegetables and flavor. Very good quality and nice portions (especially with take-out!). Even though it takes us 25 minutes to get to Taj, this is our new Indian restaurant of choice.
5	I ordered delivery when I was in town and got the vegetarian combo dinner. The delivery was fast and everything was delicious! I will definitely order from here again next time I'm in town.
5	Hands down my favorite Indian food in Madison. Can't go wrong with the naan or tikka masala. They offer delivery,  which comes with slightly larger portions than dine-in.
5	Very tasty and good prices on the buffet.  The only tiny drawback is the mazelike path to the restroom, but I didn't come for the potty, I came for the samosa!  Bring it on!
4	I am relatively inexperienced with Indian food, and as someone who is very picky with food I am unfamiliar with, my experience here was pleasant. Service was quick and we were seated promptly. My SO and I came on a quiet afternoon after he stated he was craving some Indian food. There were only about 3 other people in the restaurant so it was pretty quiet. I had no clue what the chutney was for, and I didn't like the aftertaste of papadum (just in general), so I just waited for my order for the tikka masala and mango lassi. The naan and my mango lassi came first, the latter being very delicious. I don't like the taste of naan, but their tikka masala and the rice were excellent. The chicken was tender and I couldn't get enough. So as far as service and the quality of the food I ordered, I was very satisfied!
1	I went to Taj on friday driving all the way from middleton to way with my friends who work at UW. When i stepped inside the restaurant I can barely see any customers, we went for the buffet and it was horrible. All the dishes seems to be horrible they didn't look fresh at all. Only thing I liked is samosa which seems to be freshly made. I went to Dhaba, Minerva and swagat on west side and Taj seems to the worst of all. I will never goto this place and wouldn't recommend to my friends.Stay away from this restaurant.
3	I feel like in Madison when you've been to one Indian buffet you've been to them all. The food here was good, tasty, but not memorable. It's a steal for 8 bucks though. The only reason I rate them an okay rating is that I think some other buffets around town offer some more interesting dishes during their buffet.  But they have all your basics and necessities here so you can't go wrong. And they are close to me so that is also a bonus.
4	Close to my work, tasty, and often containing a surprise. The last time I went, Taj was serving delicious goat curry! I took a colleague who was a bit uncomfortable trying Indian cuisine, and she liked that the food wasn't too spicy. Also, the price for a work lunch is fantastic! I haven't been for supper, but for lunch, it's a nice pleasure to break up the day.
