2	I was not wowed by the initial clean that I received on Friday.  I believe that I was over charged for the service that I got.  The list of request I had to make sure that were cleaned had not been done.  I live in a very small place and frankly very easy to clean.  Not a lot of furniture and open floor plan.  I was surprised that items like the dusting my pictures on the wall, baseboards, blinds, etc were not done.  I am a very neat person.  Items like the bed, dishes, basic cleaning was all completed prior to them coming.  When I received a call from the lady who was going to clean my apartment to ask what building I was in, I asked her how long they would be in to clean.  She replied 1.5 hours.  I believe the initial was 2 hours.  I think for $120.00 on the initial and $85.00 every month; frankly I can find other companies to take care of my needs.  Sincerely, Mark
3	Ok for the cost.  I had purchased a Groupon for 2 people for 2 hours of cleaning.  I wasn't home so I left a specific list of what needed to be cleaned with my husband and my husband briefly went over it with the cleaners and left them to go to it.  They spoke very little English but surprisingly seemed to figure out most things.  Basically, though, you get what you pay for.  When I came home, everything had been rearranged and was out of place everywhere and things were clean but there were water marks/streak marks on everything.  I am not sure if they even used cleaning products since I wasn't there to watch or jus plain tap water.  My granite counter tops (and I have a lot of them) were devoid of crumbs, etc. but they were hazy with wipe marks everywhere which looked like plain AZ tap water (which we all know is hard water) was used to clean them.  Same with the floors, but at least that is more acceptable and less noticeable.  SInce it is clean, I am leaving it, but if I were having guests over, I would have to re-clean the countertops myself.  If I had paid the full "retail value" for this service, I would be disappointed.  At least my house was in somewhat better condition than before and it saved me time despite my having to re-do some things.  If I use them again, I will leave out specific cleaning products for them to use since they must be saving their money here and passting that cost on to Groupon customers.
2	Unimpressive.  I understand that this was only a two hour cleaning, so I did not expect perfection, but I was dissappointed in the kitchen particularly.  The company does guarantee their work, but I honestly can't be bothered to have someone else come back.  It should be done right the first time.
4	I've used two of my three Groupon cleans with them and have been very satisfied. I just scheduled my third. I have a two bedroom apartment, so maybe that is why two hours and two people are enough to get everything done. It always smells clean and fresh. I have a cat and they do a thorough vacuuming, even the furniture, which is nice. My laundry room, which has been missed by other service providers, was cleaned of the lint that attaches itself to the walls in unreachable places. As to be expected, there is something small missed here or there, but overall quite happy with the results. And, for whatever reason, I am more careful about being messy after someone else has done all the work to clean, so my apartment stays clean longer. Well worth the money in my opinion.
2	Terrible place. Customer service is non-existant.  They went to the wrong house after I gave them the address.  I left them a message to schedule an appointment and it took them a week to get back to me.  The only bright side is that the cleaning staff is pretty good but they were a half hour late.  However, I would not recommend the company because they are not reliable.
1	I had a horrible experience with Pretty In Pink Cleaning.I bought the package from Groupon and called to schedule an appointment.  It was easy to arrange an appointment on the phone, so what went wrong?1. The cleaning crew showed up 2 hours and 10 minutes late.2. Cleaning service was lousy. 3. Two of my belongings were missing after the cleaning was done.4. I tried to call customer service, no one picked up.  Left a voice message.  No reply at all.5. Call again two days later.  Again, no one picked up the phone so I left another voice message.  Still no reply.  I guess the keyword is "schedule an appointment" if I wish to get a call back?So basically, I can't even address my problem with the company...Just to be fair, Groupon actually took care of it in the end, but I still haven't heard a word from Pretty In Pink Cleaning.
5	I began my association with Pretty in Pink through Groupon--I bought 3 cleaning sessions, which I thought would be a great audition for the company. I was right, and they passed with flying colors. I had them do deep cleaning the first two sessions. Over the past year I took care of an injured relative, and I had gotten behind on cleaning. I'd only had time to take care of the middle, and places like the showers, shutters, top of the kitchen cabinets needed LOTS of attention.  The team from Pretty in Pink made everything sparkle and shine. They were thorough and efficient.  On the third session, I wanted to see how they would do with a typical cleaning.  I had some specific instructions for care for certain items in my home. They listened carefully and did just as I asked.  Once again, my home was sparkling. I plan to use them on a regular basis now, and I'm looking forward to extra care my home will receive.One last note--I worked with two different teams. Both teams had at least one fluent English speaker on the team.  I had zero communication issues!
4	Email sent the night before as promise with the one hour arrival time.  After the hour past I tried to phone, however it was constantly busy.  Email stated to text I did and around 20 minutes later I received a call.  There had been a mix up on my address between street and place so Patricia and Lupe couldn't find me.  This was the downgrade from an A to B.  I will be using their services again and the above should not occur as now the address is correct in their filesThe ladies cleaned my 3400 sq foot house in 2 hours and  was able to meet all my requirements and exceeded my expectations. I asked them to make the house presentable by dusting, vacuming and mop the tile and deep cleaning like base boards, etc. could be handled the next time and that I did not expect them to finish all the rooms. To my surprise they cleaned windows, mirrors and the 3 bathrooms were spotless. and cleaned all of the rooms.They also have a discount program.
3	I have been using them for 1 1/2 years and they always do a wonderful job for the price! However, you get what you pay for. Be prepared to be cancelled on one out of every  two times you make an appointment, and then findling out only because no one shows up or you call to confirm. There is otherwise no other cancellation notice. When I have important parties or people coming over, I always call to confirm the appt beforehand to be sure they are actually going to show up. And when calling today, once again, I found out they were not going to show up as scheduled and I have guests coming in from out of town. Now my husband has to take off of work just to get our house cleaned.....absolutely not reliable!!!
1	I am super disappointed. I have used Pretty in Pink one previous time and was happy with my experience, but this last experience was awful. They text me they would be at my house between 1 and 2 pm the day before the cleaning. Well on the day of they showed up at noon. No one was home as I was expecting them at 1pm. To make matters worse they went to the house across the street and said someone told them the house wasn't ready for cleaning. I called when I got home and they rescheduled me for Saturday which made me feel better about the situation and I verified they had my address correct. I arranged for my sister to be at my house as I was out of town and guess what-they never showed up! I still have yet to receive an apology from the company and they did not offer to reschedule the cleaning until more than a week out. I would not recommend using them based on this last experience.
1	Terrible. I came home to an area of my bathtub's finish scrubbed off - a 3x5 inch area! It is going to cost me over $300 to have the tub refinished. The company didn't even give me a full refund on the cleaning service. What a terrible and untrustworthy business. I'll post a photo of the damage so you can see what badness you're choosing if you try this company.So very awful.
1	stay away!!!!! beware!!!!!as another user wrote previously: 2 of our bathroom sink chrome finishes were rubbed off.  our microwave handle (silver coat) was rubbed off.  a few of our children's "special" toy story toys were "stolen" (they said the cleaners probably just threw them away).  we told our children before the cleaning to put them in a different place so they wouldn't get lost - and they did.  after the cleaning they were gone!  they broke the cover to our wooden blinds and just laid the piece on top of the window - like we wouldn't notice.  when we called the company it took 2 weeks and groupon getting involved to get a call back.  they asked for photos and didn't contact us.  after numerous more calls to pretty in pink,  today we finally got a call back and they will not accept any responsibility.  the faucets alone cost over $400 for installation & purchase.  our children's precious toys could be replaced on ebay for double the amount we paid - this was an awful experience for our family - especially our children!  if you are not the few "good experiences" stealing and property damage is what you will receive.
5	We've been using pretty in pink cleaning for a year. Love them! I really love the text and email notifications giving me a few days heads up of our appointment. Then the night before they text the time frame. They've also been wonderful when I need to reschedule. House sparkles when their done! Treat yourself and try them!
4	Great cleaning ladies. They came in, did a walk through to see where to start, and then just started cleaning. When they were leaving, they didn't make a big toodo, just quietly closed the door. i had to rush after them to give them a tip. the house turned out very clean...i was surprised! i've never used a housecleaner before because i am so painfully neurotic about how well I clean my house. it was refreshing to be able to do other things rather than clean!the coupon we bought consisted of 2 hours. this included our 2 bathrooms, the kitchen, 3 bedrooms, and 1 office. they vacuumed, dusted, moped, and scrubbed the bathrooms till they were shiny!!!!PIP lost the star not because of the cleaning ladies, but because of the time window the company gives for arrival. so the arrival window was 10am-2pm. the ladies didn't arrive until 2pm and spent 2 hours cleaning. so for 6 hours, someone had to be at the house. 6 hours! that is kind of ridiculous considering the loss of pay from not working to be home for 6 hours. granted they give you a text about your arrival window, but that comes way too late, and what workplace gives you the option to just run home and wait for your housecleaner at the last minute? not mine. in closing, although the house is clean and i would use a housekeeper again, sadly not from PIP. i can't afford the time off!
4	I was very pleased with Patricia and the other lady that came to clean my house. They arrived within the given window.  She let me know that it was going to take longer than the initial 2 hour package that I bought and that I could add on time if I wanted to make sure everything got done. I agreed to an additional hour.  I left to run some errands and recieved a phone call about 2.5 hours in that they were finished. I told her that I would be home soon and certainly before the 3 hours I would be paying for was up.  During the 20 minutes it took me to get home they called 3-4 times impatiently asking when I would be home. I let her know that I would be stopping by the bank to get her money for the additional hour that I had not paid for with my credit card but she continuted to call a few more times.  I'm not sure what her rush was, I was still paying her for the time she waited at my house. Anyway, they did a great job, and my house looks great.  My only reason for removing the star was for giving me such a hard time about coming home to pay them when we were still well inside the 3 hours we agreed they would be at the house for.  Also they were very patient with the carpet cleaning I had scheduled for the same time the same day.
4	The ladies showed up with in the time frame. They asked what needed to be cleaned and did a great job.  In the end they asked for me to inspect everything and if it was to my liking. I would recommned this company again!
1	We are getting ready to move out of our rental and move into our first home!  So I was really excited when I found the Groupon for 2 - two hour cleanings.  I called and scheduled our rental home to be cleaned and then I told her that I wanted to schedule our new house for cleaning 3 days before we move in (both cleanings would be in the same week).  She told me I couldn't schedule the cleanings in the same week (even though it's two separate houses) and my appointments needed to be 2 weeks apart.  I explained to her the situation and our move and also told her it doesn't say anywhere in the Groupon that you have to schedule 2 weeks apart.  She told me there was nothing she could do for me and that I should call Groupon and get a refund.  WOW talk about great customer service huh. . .Sadly I would have paid more for the cleaning if she would have tried to work with me.  I asked if I could speak to her manager and she told me there was nobody else there for me to talk to, she does the scheduling and again I should call Groupon and get a refund.  I'm beyond disappointed in this company and can't believe this is how they do business.    Beware of purchasing cleaning services from this company.  If this is how they treat their customers I can't imagine what their cleaning is like.
2	The cleaning itself was really well done. I do have to say, I loved the work. However, that being said, I paid for 2 hours and after 1 hour the ladies announced they were done. They said "next time" they could do a deeper clean, like baseboards and the fridge. It was my first time hiring a cleaning service and I was unsure of what to do. I called the company and let them know and all they did was offer me a discount on "my next service". I honestly thought she should have given me a free hour. Or rather, given me the hour I already paid for at a later date. All this talk of my "next service", but why would I use you again when I didn't get what I paid for the first time?
3	First time I used them I had a list. Like a page long list of deep cleaning things to do in 4 hours, they actually called and said they didn't think they could do it all in this time span, but boy was I sooo amazed by the things they did in my time span! I definitely was not expecting my house to get that deep cleaned! I was sooo impressed and sooo happy with them. I scheduled only a 2 hour about a month later with no list. Which unfortunately I wasn't too impressed with. There were still a couple deep clean items I thought they would do but weren't done (but hey I'm sure they're not mind readers). The second time just didn't have the wow effect that I was hoping for again. It was like they cleaned the counters and floors and then left.
1	I will be happy to provide a review of their service if I can ever reach a live person to schedule an appointment with!  I purchased a Living Social voucher for 3 hours of cleaning and have been trying to reach someone to schedule an appointment with for 3 weeks now and it seems there is never a live person working at this place.  I tried to just use their website but there is no place to indicate the living social purchase.  Very frustrating.  If you can't staff your business to take a call from a customer, what can I expect from the service itself?
1	Rip off! I'm now fighting with this company because I got a groupon for two cleanings. Upon trying to use the second cleaning was told they refused to honor since my wife had hired them previously. But they accepted it the first time I said to which they replied no we charged the card we had on file!!!!! So now I have to dispute with them, groupon and my credit card company. Oh and the vacuum blew out my outlet and they borrowed mine to finish the job! No offer on fixing the outlet either! Buyer beware.
3	Purchased a Groupon for two person, two hour cleaning service.I was a bit concerned as I didn't receive any of the scheduling texts as mentioned when I scheduled online (nice plus). The day of the cleaning, their office called to advise that they anticipated not completing everything, so to prioritize what I wanted done. They then promised to call with what hadn't been completed, yet didn't.As I was out of town, my friend popped over later that day and called me concerned: it appeared that not much had been cleaned.I called the office and left a message the following morning, which was returned later in the day. This time I was speaking to the normal scheduler/office manager. She called the crew to sort out the confusion and explained how she's been out of the office the previous few days.She immediately scheduled a different crew to make sure the work was done properly. She followed up with me every step of the way from our phone call to my satisfaction.While it was a bit rough out of the gate, they took the time to really make it right for me.
1	I rarely write negative reviews but I just had to for this company. What terrible service! They failed to show up on the first scheduled appointment & when I called they mysteriously "lost" my information. When they did eventually clean our house I was not impressed at all. I'm not usually that particular when people clean my house but they did a terrible job. Mirrors & counters weren't cleaned well & they only cleaned one side of our sliding glass door. I could go on but will spare you. You get the idea. Save your time & money, don't use Pretty In Pink Cleaning. Is it too much to ask for a reliable & professional cleaning company!?
1	*** They never responded to this review, but kept sending me customer service surveys I was more than happy to respond to, and then I finally got an email from Lorena asking about my service. I responded with my review and never heard back. This company literally couldn't care less about how they pretty much robbed me.
1	I wish I could do zero stars! I scheduled them to clean my house on a certain day two months in advance since I was having a baby shower at my house later that day,  I verified my appointment a month out and all is good! I even get an email confirmation from them two days before my appointment reminding me... WELL that was until the day before the appointment  at 3:25 in the afternoon they call me to let me know that they will not have a cleaning crew in my area! After speaking to the office manager, who was no help, he informed me they knew this morning that the crew was not going to be cleaning on the weekend. Why if I was the first appointment of the day would they wait until almost closing time to tell me? Oh and did I mention that I had also bought a  membership from them and asked for a refund and was advised they would not give me one.  Do not do business with this business! No ethics at all!
