5	Fish tacos. 24 Hours. You now know everything you need to know.
2	When I get an urge for sloppy/fast mexican food it is unstoppable.  Have you ever heard those Del Taco commercials when they are talking about 'The Beast'?  Well, my beast could beat up that beast's dad.  One day when my beast reared it ugly head during a conference call with Florida, I knew what had to be done.I was actually on my way to my regular beast quenching local, Filibertos (on Indian School and 2xth St) when I stumbled upon a shack that looked strikingly similar to the familiar Yellow sign of Fili B's. LOS BETOS?!?! I decided to venture forth and give it a shot.  It is a shack of a place (aren't they all?) but it had a drive-thru and thats all I cared about. The first thing I noticed was that they had Mr. Pibb on Tap!  I like to order Dr. Pepper at places that have Mr. Pibb just to see what they say (sometimes they try to pawn it off without telling me its not Dr. pepper).  This older man was honest and relayed to me it wasn't Dr. P, but Mr. P..  I was content.  I ordered the typical gringo plate with the Carne Asada burrito with beans and rice.  When I got back to the office, everyone was jealous (my favorite part).  The burrito was so excellent, that I pronounced it excellente, and I didn't get sick off of the beans! Sweetness!That was my first experience.I had such a great experience, I decided to go back the next week.  The mistake I made was getting too bold and not sticking to the typical burrito order I loved the first time.  I ordered the Super Nachos.  The chips were rubber and dripping with oil.  If these chips weren't refried over 10 times, i would be very surprised.  The taste of the oil was disgusting.  As if they hadn't changed it for a week.  The toppings were just that. Toppings.  They didn't go passed the first layer of nylon tortilla chips and they weren't very tasty.  Although they WERE more tasty than the chips (but then, so is a pencil)... I ended up throwing the entire thing away and my beast was traumatized.My advice would be to hit up Filiberto's instead, or at LEAST stay away from the fryers in this joint.
3	Occasionally I have a craving for greasy Mexican food from one of those cheap joints all over town. Even though Filiberto's is less than a mile from me, I go the 3.5 miles to Greenway and the 51 and get two or three ground beef tacos and an order of chips with cheese and salsa, which is HUGE.Fortunately I don't do this very often or I'd be as big as a house. It's certainly not gourmet Mexican but it's good and cheap and beats the shit out of Taco Hell, and sometimes that's all you need.
4	When you need cheap 24-hour artery clogging Mexican food, look no further than Los Betos on 24th. They're open ALL THE TIME...even on Easter as I found out tonight. The guys that work there are pretty friendly and speak enough English to get your order and answer any questions you have.Monday - Thursday they have a combo special of buy one get one 50% off. My favorite combo is the #8 Carne Asada taco's. It comes with a hefty side of rice and refried beans and the corn tortillas are amazing! I wasn't impressed with the Nacho's. There was a ton of chicken, but they were pretty flavorless and didn't have enough other stuff like cheese and guac. Eat the hot sauce at your own risk though. If it hurts going in it hurts coming out. Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	This place hit the spot after a nerve-racking Saturday at work. I'm pretty sure the beef tacos are deep-fried whole. I don't care. $5.30 got me two huge beef tacos and a bean and cheese soft taco. Now I know where to go when I have those late-night grease cravings...and don't pretend like it never happens to you...
5	I've been to a lot of Losbetos in Arizona...from Tucson to Sedona. My ONLY gripe about this one is the fact that they don't have churros on their menu. My staple food is carne asada burritos. In general, Losbetos usually stuffs these burritos with a pound of meat, some guacamole, and small amount of pico. This location goes above and beyond these portions, while still providing outstanding taste. This small, family-operated joint doesn't provide inside eating, but does have a drive-thru and outside seating. Five stars for taste.Regarding previous reviewer post---------------------------------In regards to the nachos being soaked in grease and tasting like rubber...really guy? What did you expect? Everybody knows that take-out nachos are gonna taste like rubber...even if their in the bag for a few minutes. Giving two stars and disregarding a cardinal rule seems illogical.An example of integrity-----------------------------------------Perhaps it's from experiences in SE Asia where I grew accustomed to  watching my food being cooked at the local stands...it's something I enjoy watching and has become somewhat comforting knowing how my food was cooked. Watching my food cook from this location's drive-thru always brings back nostalgia. Previous this week I went to Losbetos and, as usual, left a small tip. After work, I decided to go back to this location. Once I got there, the owner looked at me and then smiled. He asked whether or not I had lost my credit card. I quickly looked in my wallet and sure enough it wasn't there. He laughed and handed me my lost card stating that I must have dropped it in the drive-thru. He explained that he tried looking for my name in the phone book. Even though he said "It's no big deal...all I had to do was pick it up and put it in here (pointing to his cashier)." I explained that he was right, it wasn't a big deal...it was a HUGE deal. I thanked him for his efforts and have now become a loyal, life-time fan of this location. Honest. Good food. Great people.
