4	This place is awesome.  I'm a total girl and lacking in bike repairing ability.  Hell, I didn't even realize that bikes need maintenance.  Whoops.  Anyhow, they've tuned up my bike and fixed several flats for me.  I suck at cleaning/oiling my chain, but Eric takes care of me.  Everyone is super nice and knowledgeable, but I'm partial to Eric.  They've also ordered a bike rack for me and helped me install it, because obviously I am no good with manual skills....  I will definitely be back when I need to purchase another bike.
5	I actually live by their other location on Cave Creek, but I called to get a badly needed bike fitting on my road bike, they recomended me to this location. The shop is small, but has everything you need. My fitting lasted about an hour. It seriously has changed the way I ride. Jeff was just epic! Not only did he take the measurements and fit me, but he gave me great recomendations to get the most out of my ride, including fixing my pedal stroke. Even though I went at the shop's busy time, I felt like the only one in the store. Their prices were very reasonable and were not pushy on sales. He made recomendations based on my needs. I am still a novice to cycling, but thanks to Jeff I learned more in one hour than the past year of riding. They have a customer for life.
4	Centrally located. Not a large shop. Friendly and helpful staff. They also have the knowledge of the items they are selling. That is always a plus! Definitely will bring the bike back for maintenance.
5	Never been to SW Bike at 8155 W. Bell Rd before but needed a bike box to ship a bike.  These guys were nice, greeted me when I came in the door and asked what I needed.  Told them I just needed a 26 in bike box, and one of  the guys went to the back room, brought out a box with new bike still in it, and told me I could have this box as they needed to build the new bike anyway, also gave me the plastic fork support and the plastic axle protectors. I made a donation to their drink fund in appreciation. If I ever buy a bike,  this is the frist Shop I will come to, and tell my firends about their Great Customer Service.  They get a Five Star rating from me.  It's just a small bike shop, but is Very Big in Service and Customer Appreciation.  Thank again guys.  You made my Day.    Phillip, in Peoria, Az.
5	You did a great job and made a sale of a Trek Bike.  We got help as soon as we came in, my wife got to test ride the bike out back.  Thank You
1	I called because i had a weird looking valve stem, and asked the guy who answered the phone if i could send him a picture of it from my phone. He told me no because he didnt know or trust me. I find that pretty ridiculous and bad customer service.
4	My wife and I are experimenting with biking. The store looks like a toy store for cycling enthusiasts. They offered to do a maintenance/repair package that we would have used had we been able to fit out bikes into our car.In the end we both came in simply to buy helmets (I'll never understand people not wearing helmets on motorcycle of bicycles especially if you are riding outside of just subdivisions). They staff never pressured us to look at new bikes. They were helpful. We got nice helmets for a reasonable price. And they didn't try and upsale the helmets either. A year from now when we are ready to commit to new bikes, we'll definitely consider coming back.
5	I go here all the time for parts and service. Although I didn't buy my current bike from them, I will the next.There's a great club associated with the shop, and club members get significant benefits.If you buy your bike from them, you get free lifetime tuneups--that's a huge benefit.They're nice guys and they support charity rides in the valley. Highly recommended.
5	This review is strictly for Jeff at Southwest Bicycles. Here's the short story... I was road bike sprinting "Lance" HARD & when my gears/chain slipped I crashed bad. I hit the road face first, knocked (the F) out, brokend helmet, yada yada yada. I never met Jeff before but when I woke up Jeff was there taking care of me and had gotten medical help ASAP.I re-met Jeff weeks later & he gave me closure to the events during & after the crash. A person like Jeff is not just another great bike shop guy, he's more like a first responder, a life saver in anyones time of need.I hope this review does not sound surpufulous. It comes from the heart with all sincerity. Jeff, again, I can never thank you enough fine Sir.
5	It's not a huge shop, and it's tucked away in a strip mall, but it's definitely worth your time to stop in.  Jeff was very helpful and knowledgeable, and the pricing of the bikes was in line with my research.  I was able to try out a few bikes in the huge parking lot behind the shop, which helped my decision process.  Free tuneups for life when you buy from here as well.  Stop in if you're in the market for a bike.
5	This shop is awesome! I'm very new to Phoenix, and new to cycling in general. The team at Southwest Bicycles are very approachable. They are super stoked to help a new cyclist. They made me very comfortable as soon as I walked in the door. No high pressure selling. They just like talking bikes.
