4	Great sports bar to go to if you are in Scottsdale area- especially during Spring Training! All the waitresses are hot and very personable as well....Food isn't anything special but what sports bar does?!! Only a few blocks away from Scottsdale Stadium so great place to go and celebrate after the Giants win!
3	A little hard to find...Once you are there, its the epitome of a sports bar... lots of TV's, 2 pool tables, and a huge bar! Decent bar food - a reasonable lunch destination. Unfortunately, every night I have visited here it has been dead... A crowd would make this place much more enjoyable.
4	I consider this a hidden gem in the valley.  Very out of the way (located by the Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts and AZ88), and it is very usual for it to be very crowded.  I used to go here daily when I lived nearby, and got to know the owner pretty well who said that they make their year pretty much during spring training, and the rest is just gravy.The food here is very good, as far as bar food goes.  Nice tall beers served ice cold to go along with a full bar.  Staff is friendly and service is attentive, a big plus in my book.  There are also plenty of TVs, a good juke box, a couple of pool tables and Golden Tee as well.  This is a great place to go to catch a game or just hang out with your friends.I would have given the Blue Moose 5 stars but I dropped it down to 4 due to the fact that they recently removed the shuffle board table.  In place of it are 4 high-top tables of four.  Considering the place is not very crowded except for the month of March and getting a table is not that much of an issue, why the hell remove a piece of gaming equipment that brings people in the other 11 months of the year?  I'm not sure what brain trust came up with that idea, but they should be tarred and feathered.
4	The Blue Moose is a fun place to go to hang out with friends and enjoy some good conversation and some decent food. I have been going off and on to the "Moose" for almost 6 years. The staff is friendly and the service is great and the food is average for being a bar. Try the crispy chicken wrap if you are a fan of chicken. It has this tasty sauce, lettuce,  tomato, and cheese as well as warm chicken wrapped in a flour tortilla. I like it because you do not have to get  the chicken fried if you do not care for  the extra calories. They offer it grilled if you request it and it  is good either way! The outdoor patio is a nice place to sit and relax when we are beyond the summer months. This place is a bar but not very crowded the majority of the time and a nice  place to go to have a nice romantic evening with your honey or  just hang with your buddies over some ice cold beers. The place is only loud during the month of March when spring training is taking place. Yes, please bring back the shuffleboard table. I  miss it also and it was a popular gaming piece for all to play and enjoy!
2	Soo Short and sweet. The staff is extremely friendly but not a huge fan of the food. I ordered the 'Island' Burger (emphasis on the Island for Thousand Island but there was literally just a quarter size portion on the burger. Granted I asked for a side of it later so I could 'fix' my burger but just irritated me that it didn't live up to its name. It's pretty much a bar food type place, stuff you could make on your own with ease- just saying.
3	Food is tastey and consistent.  The chips and queso dip are great.  Service is fine.  If it's nice, do yourself a favor and sit outside and watch people going to and from...  great people watching.We go here at least once a week.
5	I come here once a week and really look forward to it!  I've had the soup/salad combo, the Canadian hamburger, the chili cheese dog, and HUGE chicken Cesar salad.  All of the dishes are huge (try the tuna melt!) and the wait staff is always friendly.  It's laid back and a great place to come with friends to hang out :)
2	What kind of sports bar doesn't serve SLIDERS??? Nachos, quesadillas, and celery/carrots options but NO SLIDERS??? Guess that just goes hand-in-hand with the NO MALIBU RUM option!! At least the bartender asked me if their fake option was okay first. Hello... no!!!! Wait service was crap after a spring training game as they did not have nearly enough staff to serve people. Had to wait 15 minutes in a booth before anyone acknowledged us. BUZZ KILL!! On the plus side, patio is pretty cool and the pool tables when it's not a busy time!
5	I've never been to Scottsdale and was recommended this bar, near my hotel. I'm a very social person so I didn't mind that the first night was pretty slow. Me and Eric, (great Bartender) passed the time. So I came for lunch the next day, and The beautiful Miss Gretchen was behind the bar. And she made sure I had all the pineapple I needed. And helped do the crossword with me, too.The menu looked great, I just wasn't that hungry. Great selection of beers on tap.A pool table, and a killer jukebox!There were plenty of T.V.'s and I had a wonderful view the whole time, thank you Gretchen!!!
4	Walk into The Blue Moose around 4:00 pm on a Saturday in March and it'll be hard to find a seat. Why you ask? Because this hidden dive is a spring training hot spot and for several good reasons. I like The Blue Moose because it's off the beaten path and nestled in the Civic Center park. It's pretty much your typical dive bar. You can spend a good amount of time playing pool or watching sports on one of the 10+ flat screens. Oh and did I mention the specials? Try, $8 for a bucket (4 to a bucket) of domestic beer. And for imported, it's only $12 for a bucket. Not bad right? They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. Typical bar food, but you don't have to be blacked out to enjoy it. I love that I can eat and drink here and not go into overdraft protection along the way. The Blue Moose is awesome for large groups due to the selection of indoor and outdoor space. The bar was recently the start and finish line for a 5k around town and a good 100+ people gathered here with plenty of room leftover for the other visitors. So whether you want to stop by after spring training, enjoy a couple drinks with friends or shoot some pool and watch the game, The Blue Moose is a great dive bar option in Scottsdale. Too many people forget about the hidden moose in the corner of Old Town, so let's do something to fix that!
5	There's no better place in Old Town than the Blue Moose for a beer (or several in my case) before and after a Giants Spring Training game.  We hit the Moose on Saturday and we had a blast!  Great people, good bar food and a cutie bartender.  Plus the Giants beat the Dodgers.  What more can a die hard Giants fan ask for?  Love it!
5	Great sports bar in Old Town.  This place really is a gem among the typical trendy old town bars and restaurants.  Its right by Scottsdale Stadium and in one of my favorite sections of Old Town ... (the park area with all the grass, fountains and the LOVE sign) All the bartenders were super friendly and drink prices were very reasonable.  I went there with my Dad (not the most easily impressed man) and my younger brother.. all of us have very different tastes and standards BUT we ALL LOVED Blue Moose.  Its really clean for a dive'ish' sports bar and right next to Orange Table (one of my favorite breakfast places)... So next game day go have brunch at Orange Table... read in the park... kiss your boyfriend under the LOVE sign, go drink too many beers at BLUE MOOSE!!!... and finally sleep it off back at the park :)  Your car will be safely and conveniently waiting for you in the huge and never-crowded FREE parking garage next door!
4	This is another place that is close to my work so I go here fairly often. The service, almost without exception, is lacking. If I'm with a big group, the service is generally pretty good. If I come here by myself or in a group of two (which is usually the case), the service is spotty at best. One of the waiters - a blond guy - is really bad about forgetting about his tables. I think this might be because he is also the bartender...? Anyway, the food is pretty good for a sports bar. I usually get either the Chef Salad (huge! and delicious), Blackened Chicken Caesar Salad (huge! and mouth-wateringly good), Bleu Cheese Burger (they drown it in bleu cheese so be prepared!), or one of their wraps (eh. nothing special). The salads are really where it is at because you get a LOT of food for a decent price. I've also had their desserts once or twice. The strawberry shortcake is fantastic! LOADS of fresh strawberries... yum! Quick Tip: Watch out if you ask for an additional dressing as they charge $0.50 for it!
2	Maybe it was a bad night, but after reading the reviews I expected more.  It was quite uneventful.  Walked-in and there was bunch of people in a group.  Not sure what kind of group, but without them the place was dead...Zzzzzzz.  Oh I'm still writing this review!  They have pretty good prices for food, but maybe there's a reason.  To my chagrin it was basic burger and fries with some lettuce and Thousand Island dressing.  Yawn!!! Okay those people left it's just me and my friend now -- crap!  I'm too young to shut this place down!  Service was good, but serving 2 people isn't really that hard.  The cool thing about the place of course is the moose head.  Not much of a hunter, but I can appreciate it.  Matter of fact next time I will become a hunter and search for a more happening place. - Enjoy!
1	This place is horrible. The bathrooms are from 1996 and have not been cleaned since 1997. The manager is rude. The staff is horrible. And if you saw the kitchen you would call the police!!!  Do yourself a huge favor and STAY AWAY!!!! There are so many better options just a stones throw away. Can not find a worse place to eat within 500 miles.
3	This is a pretty cool bar because it is convenient if you are in the old town Scottsdale area and it seems that the crowd of people that go here know each other. The bar is great and the service is friendly. However, the food I ordered here on several occasions was pretty bad. In sum, great if you want to grab a drink but not if your hungry and going to eat.
4	If you are going to Giants spring training, you must stop here before and/or after the game for some pre/post game time!This is a huge bar for Scottsdale, with a great outdoor  patio.The bar is tucked away behind the parking structure, near the Scottsdale Center for the Arts -  it's definitely worth finding.  Good vibe, interesting mix of people.They have an awesome beer selection, I love going here and trying new beers and seeing what's on tap.  Probably one of the best selections in Old Town. The food is good too and there are lots of options - even some decent healthy options (hummus and veggies appetizer is my go-to!)  or you can get the tater tots...mmm! My suggestion, stop by the Blue Moose on your way to Spring Training.  Then come back, have a few more - and then you'll just walk around the corner, hit the Old Town Tavern for a beer, meander on over to the Grapevine and end up at Pattie's and it's a great Old Town bar crawl!
3	Besides being close to the stadium, The Blue Moose is also right in between the Scottsdale Performing Arts Center and the free parking garage, so it's a perfect place to stop before taking in an event at SPAC.It's quite large inside as is it's outdoor wrap-around patio so even when it's busy it's easy to find a spot to sit. The place is conducive to all ages, even little kids and older folks.The food is amazingly inexpensive and very tasty. I had a veggie quesadilla which was loaded with cheese and vegetables and definitely enough for 2 people at only $6.99. The sodas are less than two bucks which was a surprise. The food is brought out quickly even when the place is slammed.The only reason I gave it just 3 stars is because the service is horrible (with the exception of the cook being speedy). It makes no difference if it's slow or busy, the service is bad (and there are plenty of waitstaff when it is packed anyway.) Theresa S mentioned that she found the service to be lacking if she is by herself or in a party of two, as opposed to the service being good when she's in a large group. I've been there and seen that! The servers and bartenders are polite but not especially friendly. You have to hunt them down or wave frantically (even if you're at the bar) to get them to notice you need a menu, you need to order, you need something else, you need your check etc. Be prepared to not get silverware or napkins, they always seem to forget to bring those. What is really bizarre is when you have to ask for those items and there's two of you at the table, be aware you have to make it clear you need TWO sets of silverware and TWO napkins, otherwise you are only brought one of each while your guest sits there having to use their fingers to eat and wipe their mouth with their sleeve.
2	Forgettable food, drink, and atmosphere.  Friendly service though and easily accommodates midsized to larger parties which suited our needs.
4	The Blue Moose is kind of an odd duck in Old Town, and that's what I kind of like about it.I mean, a divey sports bar in Old Town?  There's not very many that I know of.  There's not really anything all that special about Blue Moose, and quite frankly if it was in a different location I'd probably only give it three stars, but like I said, the novelty of where it's located makes it seem a little more special that it really is.  Funny thing is, growing up in Scottsdale I don't think I had EVER been to Blue Moose during Spring Training.  I used to come here for lunch every now and then w/my parents on random weekdays off when I had moved back after college & when I was in grad school.  However, when I was in town for Spring Training a few weeks ago I stopped in for a couple beers before heading to the Giants game.  The crowd is definitely different than it is at other times throughout the year.  It's a little more mixed in terms of ages (I would say it's a bit older most of the year), and overall it's certainly more crowded.  There's quite a bit of seating though.    I didn't have any food this time around, but the menu looks like it hasn't change much (if at all) from a few years back.  It's a pretty typical menu that you'd find at most sports bars that serve food. If you're in Scottsdale during spring training this is certainly a good spot to hit up before a Giants game.  Also, if you're looking for a quick bite to eat & drink w/out dealing w/ "stereotypical" Scottsdale at other times throughout the year, it's not a bad spot either.
5	Friendly staff and good times!!  Chili cheese tators were great and filling!!  But what I want to know is where I can get their moose t-shirts.  I won't be in Scottsdale anytime soon.
4	Only stopped in for a beer, but even though they were pretty busy--as it was noon--the owner and his son both made a point of saying hello to my boyfriend and I. Their craft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced. If we weren't in a hurry, would've loved to have had some of their food!
5	It seems I practically live here. It's a great place because of its relaxed atmosphere, good A/C and great food at very reasonable prices. This was the Alley Cat years ago but has been the Blue Moose for over 20 years and it really has a local vibe to it. It's all very real and not fake/scottsdale and that's hard to do when you are wedged in between the Scottsdale Center for the Arts and the Museum of Modern Art. They always keep it real and it's great whether I'm having a business lunch with their great iced tea or stopping in after work for one of MANY great beers or coming back for dinner with my family. It works on all of those levels and is equally comfortable. Everything I have ever had off the menu has been fresh and freshly prepared. While this may look like a bar, it's a restaurant with a great sports bar. Big screens and good drinks surround but it's a place where I go to eat. Nine bucks for a Moose Club Sandwich that is so tall that two Swedes could not shake hands over it? Gimme! Oh yeah, the fries. Mmmm. Perfectly done and they have not been sitting under a warming lamp, either. The Reuben. Gimme. It's great. I could go on and on. The friendly service and weekend entertainment are always cool aspects to a visit at the Blue Moose and it's really my go-to place for business, family, hanging with co-workers and a place where I take out of town guests for a non-pretentious Scottsdale experience.
1	ok so far the fact  am watching food network right now with the restaurant being featured and I have "googled it just to find out where the Blue Moose is and I can't even get a menu to come up because it is "currently under construction'? that is my first impression of your place. What do you think i would think?
5	A friend and I wanted to grab a bite post late night dog walking, still had my puppy with us and saw that this "Blue Moose" had a patio. She went inside to grab menus, I grabbed a very comfy seat on the patio, and within moments we were greeted by a sweet server who saw my puppy and went in to grab him a dog dish of water. He was super nice to us, very prompt in getting our Shocktops. We ordered appetizers, baked mac & potato skins (the best choices after exercising) and they were absolutely delicious. The potato skins came with a good amount of sour cream and salsa on the side, and we were never left unattended. We will definitely be back, great service, good atmosphere and the patio was perfect.
4	If you're a San Francisco Giants fan or a transplanted Bay Area person you have to go to this place! Located just across to the entrance to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts in the Scottsdale Mall, this hidden gem has great salads and burgers, tv screens all over and a definite San Francisco funky vibe. During spring training this place is packed with Giants fans who walk over from the Scottsdale Stadium after the game. Tons of fun!
2	I was very disappointed with my experience at the Blue Moose.  I live very close and have been meaning to check it out far sooner than I did.  On a lazy Sunday, my husband and I decided to head over to watch NFL football.  Unfortunately, our viewing time was cut short by a pushy waitress.  She did not seem amused by the fact that we obviously were planning to stay the duration of the Vikings game.  Though we had ordered numerous drinks, apps, and 2 entrees, we still felt like we were a nuisance to her.  I don't think it is crazy to want to watch a non-locally aired game in its entirety, but I guess it is here.  Blue Moose was not busy and there were several open tables.  Sadly, the food was forgettable and service was poor.  I don't think I will be giving this joint another shot.
2	Was in Scottsdale for an event at SCPA, so we decided to have dinner at Blue Moose. The food was good, typical bar food, but the service was really lack luster. It wasn't even busy when we first arrived. Our waiter seemed to walk one table at a time, instead of doubling up to bring things out to people. Then after he brought the check, both me and my friend were able to go to the bathroom, and the check was still sitting there waiting for him when each of us returned. Eventually we had to walk up to the bar to pay, so we wouldn't be late for our show. Not the best of dining experiences. I'd probably go back though, I imagine it's one of the cheaper places to eat in the Civic Center area.
4	Why do my husband and I keep coming back to the Blue Moose?  Two words my friends:  Tater Tots  (Well that and the moose decor.)My husband started bringing me here about 5 years ago when I moved with him back to Phoenix (he's practically native).  Honestly they had me at Tater Tots.  The food alone warrants two stars but there are other variables which warrant the other two stars:  the staff are friendly, my husband loves their Frisco sandwich (which has officially been taken off the menu but they make when he asks for it so we'll keep coming back), there's a million TVs for watching sports, they have great happy hour specials, and it's good for groups.  Their queso dip is excellent!  And they have tater tots as a side. (Yes I know you can get those at Sonic but I saw them here first.)
4	Great crowd, cheap drinks, fast service. Will make sure to stop by again next time.
4	Great bar during spring training. It was a 5 when it was larger, but still a great place to go.
5	Love this place! The food is great, have not had one thing on menu that I didn't like or want again. They have great beer on tap, Try the Moose Hefeweizen....  The atmosphere is fun and the bartenders Rock! Kelly, Eric and Gray are always so accomidating and make you feel at home. It has quickly become my "local" hang out! A must all year long!!!
5	Let me set the stage for you.It's a wednesday night.My brother's girlfriend's 21st birthday.Started off at saddle ranch, where 14 of her friends stood her up.Sucks, right?This poor girl is left with only her mother, her boyfriends, and her boyfriend's sister to celebrate this momentous occasion.Spirits were low.  A change of venue was needed.  She chose Blue Moose because she liked the name.It's a nice looking bar.  Laid back. Clean.  Hey! There's shuffle board! She likes shuffle board.But shuffle board is not enough to turn that frown upside down. No, only a miracle would save this night.  Enter Derek, AKA the most amaizing bartender and possibly greatest human being alive.He saved what started off as a disastours night.  He was elated when he found out it was her 21st.  He carefully planned what her first drink would be, asking her what flavors she liked.  he suggested fun shots, other great spots to hit up, turned the night around.  Really, without him, this would have been the absolute worst 21st birthday in the history of the world.We will be back, because not only is this a nice bar, but the service is truly unbeatable.
5	Good food, great price, good location!
3	3.0-3.5 starsNice and attentive bartenders. TVs all around the bar.Good beer on tap at good prices.We didn't get to try any food but what they offered sounded good.
5	Patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around. Great place to hear a band!  We had coronas w/limes, relaxed at a high top and listened to Big Nick & The Gila Monsters play. We sat inside but doors were open to the patio. A cool, laid back feel.
2	Thought I might have stumbled onto a hidden gem tucked away behind the "real" old town, but alas it was not meant not me. Only one olde dude was in there when I walked inside. It looked like they had the baseball package also, but no dice. Halfway through a rather pedestrian lunch, the Scottsdale dbag crowd showed up out of the blue, which at least helped the drab scenery a bit. I should not have ordered food, but the chicken hummus wrap sounded good on paper. The chicken was big white meat chunks, but they were cold and the red pepper hummus was present, but just made a mess of things inside the ice cold store bought tortilla. A slice of cold pepper jack cheese was also tossed inside and it was served with some not so fresh tater tots (some of them were brown inside). The place has been a bar since the 70's, but is in need of a new menu and some refreshing. The big moose in the middle of the bar was perhaps the highlight of this dreary experience.
2	Not the best sports bar but nice patio. TVs too small for the size of the place. Avoid Sunday football, not well set up for breakfast or coffee.
2	The owners should probably train their wait staff to be proper.When a table is done and they have paid their bill it would be very nice you did not ignore them completely and go and pick up their chat. Until the customer leaves the restaurant it would be proper to continue to serve and refill their drinks.
4	I stumbled upon this place randomly.  I decided to order some fish and chips with some beers.  Everything was decent.  Not necessarily five-star rating because it was pretty empty, but it was nice.
1	Only gave them one star because i had to. Placed an order i never got, placed it again then got only half of it and the half i got was wrong. When i complained,i was called rude! Don't come here on football day, understaffed :(
1	We have been going here for years with a few breaks in between because of bad service. We came with my mother-in-law for Sunday football and they were busy. They are never busy except for Spring training, so, good for them. Unfortunately, if there are more than a dozen people there, they cannot handle it. Got the last seat and the waitress came right up to us. After that, everything went downhill. We ordered 3 appetizers, she forgot to put the order for 2 of them in. She never came back around and we had to keep going and tracking her down. Asked the bartender for something too and he never bothered. Order came and she dropped one of the plates....it happens. Got the order for the other plate wrong and forgot sides for our nachos. Never got them. My mother-in-law got up to cancel the order because it was so frustrating at that point. The waitress called her rude. How dare her! She ended up coming over with drinks supposedly on the house to apologize and I told her to take back the nachos because they were cold and mushy by that point. She was pissed off. We left and somehow my mother-in-law ended up being charged for everything but 2 of the plates anyway. Not cool. Again, we have been going there for years and the owner and his son know us but never even say "hi". They are very grumpy there and we get the feeling like we are bothering them. This was definitely the last straw. They lost regular customers who brought other business to them because of the rudeness and lack of customer service. There are too many other sports bars around to deal with this. Because of the whole situation I ended up missing a great football game. Thanks a lot....
4	Great dive bar tucked in scottsdale.
3	Nice enough place for a drink and some bar food by the plaza. Nice selection of reasonably-priced craft brews. Some good people-watching to be had. Went there Saturday night for a fundraiser. They had some live music going (70's covers). Wings were fine, service was fine. Just nothing noteworthy to make me want to come back.
3	Hey now..This is a NY Giants bar, the only Giants bar in the Valley. The beers are $2.50 on Sunday and they have some breakfast items, but the prices are still a bit steep for a bar breakfast. I still don't think the food is too good here as my date had to get her hummus taken off the bill because they served her some very brown celery to dip in the hummus. It should have never left the kitchen. Besides that, plenty of TV';s, but they need one big set at the bar. The Giants fans did show up on Sunday, so I will likely just be drinking at this joint watching games, too bad.
5	Best sports bar in Old Town and a great place for a drink before a Giants game and a quick walk to the stadium before (and after).
5	This is a great spot for football and spring training. There are plenty of TVs and the food is awesome. My favorites are the Texas Tater Tots, the Volcano wings, and the Grande Quesadillas. The volcano wings aren't so unbearably hot you can't enjoy them and the Texas Tater tots are a meal in tater tot mountain form but SO good. I have been coming to this location for football mostly on Sundays and have never had a bad experience.
4	I just stopped in here randomly and loved this place! The atmosphere was just so fun. The decor is great and there was a dj playing. I sat at the one of the tables on the upper level that is on a balcony looking over the lower level. I was there for appetizers, dessert, and drinks. Try the parmesan potatoes. They are amazing! I would definitely go back, great bar scene.
3	I was here recently on a Tuesday evening and this place was pretty dead.  They were out of my first two choices from their skimpy craft beer selection.  I had to settle on a Blue Moon.It's a fun place to go before or after a Giants spring training game or big event at the Civic Center but doesn't have a lot going for it otherwise.
