4	Shortly after arriving at our hotel after a 7 hour drive, the Wife and I decided to go grab a quick bit for dinner.  The deli was only a mile away and gave the opportunity to get something simple and quick.  Now, the area that it was in is not that great, and the strip mall seems to be dying a slow death.  And the place looked like a dive.  But you know what, the Ham and cheese pita I got tasted great.  And it came with a side of fries for $4.50  And it's not like they skimped on the meat or anything.  There was a good inch of ham in that pita.  If you're in the mood for a quick lunch sandwich, you can't go wrong with this place.  Just don't go after dark.
4	I love this place. The location isn't great but for the price of the food it's well worth the visit. I eat here for lunch at least once a week.
3	GREAT WINGS... like you can just order the wings and be good.. UNLIKE some places where you'll have to remember to order your wings... "EXTRA CRISPY.. or FRIED HARD" just to make sure they cook them all the way.. NO PINK BONES....YUCK!!The salads are HUGE.... fries are GOOD... Service is FRIENDLY.As far as the location... NO WHERE IS SAFE. So be carefull wherever/whenever you go ANYWHERE. Crime isn't specific to one side of town, county, city, state or country!!!
3	Came here with some work friends on a business trip. It was day one and we had no idea where were headed.   Driving around aimlessly we found this joint.   Had the gyro which was probably frozen meat but great flavor and tasted great!  The other 2 had a club sandwich and a cheeseburger.   They both enjoyed their meal too. We never made it back because the goal was no repeats.   But would suggest for a good cheap lunch.     But the area seems sketchy-agree with posts about not going after dark.
3	I was with Nicole B on the business trip.  My club sandwich was huge and delicious. The bacon was cooked perfectly.  I don't normally eat fries, but they were good as well. Large servings for the price. Nicole B had the gyro which she enjoyed, and a 3rd party had a burger and fries.  I would not go after dark due to the sketchy location, but it's fine during the day and a good place to go if you are in one of the hotels nearby.
5	The food is wonderful, service was fast and the place is clean. Prices and food are better than the chain delis. Family business and their pride in their business is apparent.
