3	Went here to get a cluster of SIX (!!!) necklaces untangled that I put off for years. I was kind of nervous leaving my darlings here as the combined worth is around $2k, but the man (I assume actually that he might be the owner) who took them said it would only take 20 minutes and cost only $15. Since my friend and I had some other errands to run close to the mall, we left and came back around a half hour later.When we returned, he looked up at me from behind goggled eyes, almost exasperated, and said it would be an hour. Fine, we had to run to another place anyhow. Came back over an hour later and the man was gone, but a woman at the counter pretty much shrugged and said they were still working on it. *sigh* Well I couldn't get back there until about 5 minutes before closing time (!!!) but the man was there, and my necklaces were in individual baggies all safe and sound. He even showed me a neat little trick to open the bags up and get the necklaces out without causing further damage to the chains. With the exception of the unsure wait time, if I had something that needed to be repaired I would come here again. The price was very fair and my jewelry is as good as new. Let's just hope I keep these puppies from getting tangled again!
4	If you go on the website, you can get a $2 off coupon off a watch repair, at least $15. There are numerous locations at most of the malls (Blvd/Meadows/Galleria). I'd been carrying around my beloved Bulova two-tone watch for a few months in my purse, so it was time to bring it in and get a quote (besides I had some time to kill as we had dropped off my car @ Sears- killed two birds with one stone, so to speak). I opted for a five year warranty @ $19.95. He said it would be a few minutes. We went over to Macy's (next door) for a looksie at the Christmas ornaments on the 3rd floor. When we came back, it was done. Final price $17.95. I was handed a receipt and the warranty card (like a business card- I need to staple the receipt onto the card BTW) plus he handed me a coupon booklet good for future visits to the store (which he said don't expire, but I glanced at the coupons and the date of expiration states 12/31/10). This particular location in the Boulevard Mall is right next to Macy's, in the sad sort of empty wing of the mall. Tiny place with lots of jewelry to look at- very sparkly, yet organized, and clean.
3	Fast, quick, and easy. Came here to get a watch battery replaced and it took about 10 minutes. Still a bit pricey to change a battery but they cost less than the watch repair center in Sears so I will take my business here to save some $$ of course.Will consider coming here again if I have any watch repair issues.
