4	I went here today thanks to the suggestion by Brian F. after asking for places that offer do-it-yourself dog washing. I've been looking for a place that I can wash my dog and this was the perfect place. They offer shampoos, conditions, doggie cologne, towels and dryers that look like car vacuums. We were in and out within 20 minutes and my Linky was no longer stinky! I also left for a new found respect for dog groomers b/c my pup didn't want to cooperate with me at all. They offer regular grooming as well and when I asked what pricing was for my small dog, I was astounded at how cheap they are compared to other places in Charlotte I've been to--about $10-$15 less. They explained that you can drop your dog off and they let them play with the other dogs for a bit then groom then so it's not a quick process but nothing that takes the entire day either. This will definitely be my next stop when I need to de-stink my dog or get him groomed! A little obscure location north of the Park and Woodlawn intersection, they are behind a dry cleaners and have a parking in the rear sign on the side of the building. Parking can be a bit tight.
1	When I arrived at Bark Street for my puppy's appointment, my puppy sat down in front of the doorway to the grooming area and refused to go in..There were 3 other dogs in the area staring at my puppy from the other side of the gate....My puppy still refused to go into the room...The owner grabbed the leash and started pulling and dragging him saying my dog had never been with other dogs and he was not socialized and that is why he is scared to go in...when she realized he wasn't going to move she reached down and unleashed him and picked him up and dropped him in the area with the other dogs..one of which was a huge St. Bernard...This is her way of socializing...As soon as my puppy was dropped on the ground all three dogs started running after him...This is not the way to introduce a dog into another setting with numerous dogs...All of this happened in a matter of seconds...the big St Bernard cornered my puppy under a sink and was trying to reach him......  By this time I had reached my puppy and I pushed the other dogs away and scooped him up and started walking for the door...The owner put the big dog in a crate and then wanted to start the grooming on my puppy...My puppy was so upset and shaking I told her I would reschedule...She told me my dog was not socialized and that I could reschedule on another day when she only had one other dog...She'll be waiting a long time..
5	I love this place, i have been too many places and I havent been to anyone that can hold a candle to this place!  thanks for everything!  See you soon!@
4	Great place! I've been bringing my puppy here for almost a year. The pricing is great and Nancy is extremely flexible with appointments. When I first brought my dog here (for his first haircut ever), she told me to drop him off at 9AM and expect him to be ready around closing...at 6! I was kind of surprised, but she explained it was to get him used to/comfortable with the entire process. As a result, she took her time and was extremely sensitive to his needs.Other dogs are left out of the cages after they are finished grooming, but are caged if they aren't super friendly. I was hesitant about this, as my bundle of joy is 15lbs and has a slight Napoleon complex with larger dogs, but he does great and there has never been any problems. I've gone back several times, including just to give him a bath. Bark Street also has a pretty good selection of holistic/natural dog food. Sometimes I think my dog eats better than I do... The location is hard to find - getting out of the parking lot takes some skill because it's on Park Road. Other than that - highly recommended!
5	Miss Nancy and Bark Street are the best! I was referred by co-worker who also has a Shih Tzu, and boy, she was not wrong! Nancy really takes her time and makes sure the dogs are relaxed and have as good of a time as they can. Like Michael mentioned, plan for your pooch to be there all day. Nancy is very patient with them and will put them down and work on a different dog if they start to get fidgety or uncomfortable. She really makes sure they don't get too stressed and come out with their tail wagging. My dog comes home happier than he goes in! I will mention that all of the dogs run around together in the grooming area, unless you want them crated, so if your pup doesn't play well or gets nervous, make sure to let her know. All of the dogs are very friendly and my dog acts like it's summer camp or something! Nancy also feeds the little guys strictly natural foods while they're there, which is great! You will not be disappointed.
5	After a place I went to in Kansas City CUT A PIECE OF MY YORKIE'S EAR OFF, I've been really careful about choosing a groomer. Nancy, the owner is a sweet woman who uses natural products, sells natural foods/bones and doesn't overcharge.  Grooming places always charge by the dog, not taking into account it's size or breed.  For a full wash, dry, cut, nail clipping, and gland expressing, I've paid $50 even $60 at some groomers, which is ridiculous. MY DOG IS 5 POUNDS WHY DOES IT COST THE SAME AS A GREAT DANE? Nancy gets this.  For about 1/3rd less, Nancy does it all, and my york isn't traumatized at the end.  My weenie dog is 11 pounds and just comes along for the moral support, so he gets washes and expressed and socializes with the other dogs. Nice homey feel, great prices, friendly people. Nancy is also flexible with her schedule and always accommodates last minute groomings. PS:  Grooming a yorkie is hard.  Can't cut the face too short, or he/she will look like a rodent.  Nancy does a great job keeping him looking teddy-bearish!
4	My terrier loves going to Bark Street - she thinks it is a play camp!  Nancy is great with her and remembers how I like her groomed.  Convenient location near Park Rd Shopping Center.  She has a good selection of high quality foods and lots of good advice too!
5	I love taking my bichon frise to this groomer. He thinks it's a play date for him and the other dogs there! I like how they keep the well behaved dogs out of the cages, so they can play and run around freely all day. My dog hates cages, so for him this is ideal. His cuts are always well done and he comes back to me looking like he is ready to be in a dog show. I get compliments all the time on how nice he looks.
4	Bark Street is fantastic!I must admit, being new to Charlotte and only wanting the best for my little Yorkie, I was a little skeptical about this place. it does look a little sketchy from the outside, lol. But it truly is great and Nancy knows her stuff. For the first time in my dogs 4 years of life he wasnt butchered or shaved. Nancy did an excellent job actually giving him a "Yorkie" cut. Like other reviewers say, the dogs also get to play during the day, while they get their cuts, which is awesome. I only gave 4 stars, because a few days later my pup was dragging his bum on the floor and I had to take him to the vet to get his anal glands expressed--which was something I thought they did when you have them groomed. Next time, Ill make sure to ask for it.
2	Not a great fit for my dog. I have a 40lb furry dog. I know she is tough to deshed, etc. Her normal groomer is a corporate place, and I was happy to try a local groomer when I saw the deal on Living Social for $20 for $75 worth of services. I dropped her off at 12:30. At 3:30 I got a call they were unable to put her in the wash tub. I needed to go back to the groomer and actually stay with her the entire time. This is fine since I appreciated their hesitation to muzzle her. However, TWO HOURS later, she was just getting out of her bath. They had not yet done her nails, etc. I had to go, at this point it was almost 6, so I said I would just take her. They had not brushed her, cleaned her ears, or done her nails (no hair trim needed). I had allowed them to do the deshed. I was not given a price upfront; she said she would let me know at the end. Well, she "cut me a deal" and only charged me $40 instead of the "normal" $55. So I paid a total of $60 for a bath I had to help with, a 5 1/2 hour trip for my dog, I had to brush her, and I will now have to take her somewhere else for her nails. Her normal groomer charges $75 to do all that in less than 3 hours. This lady apparently would have charged me $130 for my dog (the $75 value from Living Social plus the $55 shed fee). That is absolutely insane for a place which is ill-equipped. I gave this two stars instead of zero because I really did think the owner/groomer was nice. But, I can't justify this experience on a nice personality. I would recommend this for someone with a small-sized dog, as that is the best fit for the facility. I just wish she had been honest about that. It would have saved me time, money, and I wouldn't have had to irritate my boss by taking a half day to go bathe my dog. Bottom line: I could have gotten these results (granted I wouldn't have gotten as much loose fur off) at home for free in under an hour. Anyway, this is just my experience. If you have a small dog, these other reviewers may be a better fit for you.
5	I was a little hesitant  about this place when i pulled up, but i have to say So far, this is my favorite place in Charlotte to take my Aussie. They welcomed him last minute on a Saturday and they were so nice when we got there. He doesn't have much to cut or style, but he smelled so good for so long. They did this deshedding thing and he came out soooo pretty. They are very reasonably priced too.
1	Bark Street recently put out one of those local coupons and apparently they got overwhelmed.  My husband called to schedule an appointment for our dogs and the woman literally told him she had time to fit in full paying customers, but no time for the coupon customers.  The next weekend when we finally did get an appointment, the woman was checking us in and mid-check in asked us to move aside and wait while she checked in her full paying customer.  Needless to say, I will never be a full paying customer here.
2	I took my yorkie to Bark Street twice and wasn't overly impressed, but he was mat-free and soft and smelled good when I picked him up so I was pleased, overall.  My third (and FINAL) time I had instructed that I wanted a schnauzer cut, which included trimming his ears up and leaving his legs long and fluffy.  I picked up my handsome teddy bear from there looking completely pathetic with a cocker spaniel cut.  I was almost in tears and when I tried to explain what I wanted fixed to the groomer, she acted like I was the idiot.  I would've tried again if it wasn't for the last straw.....a few hours later, with him snuggling in my lap, I discovered a huge patch of his skin under his furry ears (which should have been shaved down, mind you) GONE.  It scabbed over in a few days after Neosporin and keeping it washed out, but I was absolutely appalled.  The ONLY reason I am giving Bark Street two stars is because they started out well, but ended badly.  I would've taken him back in to get re-trimmed, but after I saw the huge scrape on his poor face, I was afraid I would flip out on the wrong person.  I have since found a new dog spa in South Park area.
1	AWFUL!!!!!!  My dog got hit!!!!   Do not take your dog here!!!!!!!!! I have a 3 pund maltese who was already a little timid.  I told the lady that before even scheduling.  After 4 hours of my dog being there (she was alone) I call her and she was angry saying that my dog was flinching and was making it hard to groom.   I finally pick my dog up and the lady was clearly flustered and feeling bad for something.  Sadie is now terrified of a brush coming close to her face and flinches...one bad experience can ruin your dogs trust and it's not worth it!!!
3	We take our dog there several times a year.   Nice folks,  but this time my dog came home with a very perfumed odor, very irritating to my nose and throat.   I've never noticed this before, and I'm normally not sensitive.   I'll have to bathe her to get this out of my house.
5	This groomer is very personal in their service and do a great job!  My dogs love going there and always come looking like fresh new pups!
