5	The best cleaners.  Suits come back with perfectly rolled lapels, and tissue paper in the sleeves.  Dilworth store does a great job with alterations too.
1	This is the worst dry cleaners in Charlotte. They have ruined several shirts and after recently losing a suit if mine I have decided to take my business elsewhere. The owner is also extremely rude and I would strongly encourage anyone in need of dry cleaning svc to go elsewhere and avoid these hassles.
1	Stopped in on my way to work, the lady looked at me and then continued her conversation with a man right behind the counter. She kept looking at me and then looking away. After 3 minutes (I timed it once I realized what was happening) I left and went across the street to their competition who did a fabulous job and were very nice.
2	I wish I could give Long's more stars, but, unfortunately, their response to my lost article of clothing was very disappointing.  I've been a loyal customer since I moved here a year ago, spending $300 - 400 a month there.  When they lost a very nice pair of slacks, I, appreciating my quality cleaning, only requested 25% of the value I paid for the pair.  I figured they were a few years old, and this was more than fair.  They refused, offering a store credit of 15% of the original cost and not discussing the issue or apologizing further.  I'll be looking for a new dry cleaner, and I recommend others do the same if you want to protect against lost articles.
1	If I could give less stars I would. Long's ruined a brand new shirt I brought in to get rid of the shipping wrinkles. At fist glance, there were a few light pink spots on the front of my cream blouse that the clerk said were already there. I know this was a lie, because like I said, this was a brand new shirt. I took it out of the bag and looked on the back and the entire back was pink! I'm sure I would have noticed that when I brought it in!  After arguing with him for 15-20 minutes he agreed to try and get the spots out for free. The whole time accusing me of bringing it that way. They have horrible customer service and besides this one issue of them ruining a shirt and blaming me, the clothes come back looking just ok. I will never use them again and will spread the word to stay away!!
1	my wife and I use a lot of dry cleaning....26 days x 2 people x slacks & shirts = 100 + pieces a month........$137.00 for 13 pieces that took 30 minutes to find was the deal breaker at Long's...... We moved from ATL 4 months ago and don't mind paying a premium for great service and quality....... and we did give them multiple 6+ chances....just not worth the $$$$.
1	Biggest rip off! They deserve zero stars for the highway robbery going on there. I brought 2 dresses (one from old navy that probably cost less than $20), 2 shirts and a pair of pants. No cost breakdown upon drop-off unlike any dry cleaners I've been to in NYC or Jerz. I pick them up today expecting a $20-something dollar charge and she says $70! I thought I heard wrong. $70 for 5 items?!?! I said surely you're mistaken. The woman offered to show me the breakdown. I looked at it but was still having sticker shock. All that I can recall is $12.99 for each dress. Then everything became a blur. She offered no apology and didn't seem at all concerned. Still in shock, I swiped my debit card and muttered that I can't even believe they have the nerve to charge such prices and that I will be going elsewhere in the future. She could not have cared less. I'm still in shock that they can charge that kind of money and people continue to go there, regardless of how well they clean their clothes. Ps- I've never written a review before but felt compelled to after getting ripped off so badly from Long's. Stay away unless you love to burn dough.
