3	Went on 4th of July and they were closed for the day.  Bummer.  Next to Hissyfits, children's used clothes.
5	THE best thrift store in Phoenix. Great selection and it actually smells good inside. Check out the mark down sales where certain color codes are real bargains. Also some departments are discounted on a regular basis.
2	-Limited selection of stuff. (the building looks so HUGE on the outside, but ONLY a small area is used for the Thrift Store). -Most of the few things they have is crap from the 80's and '90's, so I guess it belongs in a thrift store...if you like that kind of stuff.-No funky smells, probably because there isn't a ton of misc stuff to create one huge thrift store aroma.-If you want to see the employees FREAK OUT, just wander into their break room by mistake, since it looks like part of the Thrift Store. The old "dears" will scold you like you are a little kid.-Prices...um, ok, I guess. Seems like there were many older ladies browsing through the clothing racks.-The (older ladies) store employees watch you like you are going to steal (or wander into their break room).-Parking is convenient.-Not a Thrift Store that I would go out of my way to stop at again, I've been here 4 times and never found anything good to purchase.
2	One of my favorite places to go...just lost not only my respect but my money. They had the same sale on the same day for weeks on end. This same sale since i started going here. Never had signs, they would just come up and tell you. So today when I go back again, the only thing on sale was clothes!!! At the check the nice cashier was ringing everything up 50% off and out of no where the oldest lady of the group said no, only clothes are on sale. They disagreed and I explained to the older lady I have always been told these items were on sale on this day. The oldest lady who was Adamant about the sale said it wasn't true. The other two ladies disagreed and wanted to give me the discount but she kept saying that sale never existed. As I was walking away she said to the other cashier " that wasn't true". I turned around and said I will bring you back my receipts to show you I am not lying! What I won't do when I come back is spend another dime of my money. You do NOT call your customers liars!!!! Perfect example of how you lose business and eventually...doors closed. When big spenders like me come in and clear your shelves, you do what it tales to keep them coming back. So disappointed. You get two stars because you are a cause and and you have two wonderful associates who should have more power. Do your store a favor and get rid of that terrible lady.
3	An upscale but small thrift store. I like that they support programs for children and I donate my better things to this shop.I am taking off a couple of stars due to the unfriendly cold volunteer with a snooty attitude who accepts the donations at the rear of the shop. A turnoff.  On the other hand the friendly, helpful, grateful guys at Goodwill that unload your donations make you feel good that you donated there.
2	Staff are confused about everything! Went in one day was told that items were with a green tag were 50% off so picked up a few treasures and was told that none of them were on sale, that the tag had to have a line on it. REALLY? Get your act together people...
5	Great store that goes to an awesome organization.   Volunteers who work in the store are friendly and hardworking.   They always have interesting stuff.  I like to take my donations there - I know the money raised off my stuff is going to a worthy cause!
