5	How can there be no reviews for this location? Every time I eat here (1-2 times a week working grave shift), the food is always fresh. The employees are very nice in the drive through, and say more than just the usual "Hi how are you". I have not once received bad food or bad service from this location. Tonight, I went through the drive through and the employee was talking to me about funny customers, and to not worry about ordering late, or even right before they close due to the grill taking so long to cool down before they can clean it. How cool is that? Someone that actually takes care of customers. I know they do not get paid a lot working there, but wow they sure act like they love their job. The girl who handed me my food let me know that she made sure to put napkins in the bag, along with a spork. Not only did she make sure it was in there, but she called it by the right name as well. I would give her 5 starts alone just for that awesomeness.Some Taco Bell locations can be hit or miss due to the quality of their food, but this location is great. Don't pass up this one.
4	Great Taco Bell location overall. Typical Taco Bell food you would expect, always hot and delicious. It's the staff that makes this location though. I'm lucky to live within walking distance, but I would go out of my way to come here if I was heading for the Bell. They were out of a flavor of one of the Limeade Sparklers, and the employee was kind enough to upgrade my size for free as an apology. Great service, employees are always fast and friendly and go out of their way to take care of you. What more can you ask for from a Taco Bell?!
5	For fast food, quality service, polite staff, clean location  -you are at the right place.
4	Great service and food is always fresh. The person working the drive-up is always loud and clear and easy to hear. Always has a smile on their face and is polite. Rarely ever have I gone there and had them make a mistake on the order or leave an item out. This Taco Bell location is always clean on both the inside and out and well maintained. Their outside menu displays the items bold and legible so you can see what they offer and get a good description of it.
4	Foods always good :) who doesn't live some  Taco Bell at 130 am lol.. Just make sure to check the bag. They forget small things sometimes. Over all good team over there. Highly recommend the cinnamon deserts
2	I love Taco Bell and am known for it (sadly). After recently becoming a Pescetarian, I have been able to keep my obsession going because they replace meat with beans in everything I want!After going a whole 2 months with eating no meat (which I'm very proud of), taking a bite and realizing I had eaten some made me sick to my stomach. This upset me very much! Be a little more careful next time? Thanks.
5	Excellent cutsomer service, clean and consistently good food. Alberto is the manager and he does a great job running this place.
