5	Delicious food.  Sorta of an odd location hidden behind blockbuster, but a good find.   The eggroll's are pretty tasty and overall its a good new fast casual restaurant for the area.  Very nice family run business.
5	Simply delicious and the service is top notch! Can't wait to go back and try out the lechon for their Grand Opening this Friday!
5	Kareys Kitchen...a new takeout fusion restaurant near me in PHX..yay~! I attended the soft opening and got to sample all of the filipino/mexican fusion tasties! The family is so friendly that you leave Kareys feeling all warm inside.., whether from the food or the family, and your wallet not too hit! Cassava cake is the bomb..even though Im not to into sweets.. A bit hard to see from the street ..next to Blockbuster on 40th.. look for it..its worth it:-)
3	Went Friday to take advantage of the special lechon (roasted pig).    I found the cafe cozy- nice, dark wood furniture and dark wood blinds.  Definitely more welcoming than the restaurants in Chandler!  I found the high counter a little daunting- I, being only 5 feet tall, had to either hoist myself up on the counter with my elbows to peer down, or had to crouch down to have a look under the counter, and have a look through the sneeze-guard.  Their labeling system needs improvement: I vote for adhesive labels that go on the sneeze-guard so that patrons can easily identify the food on the buffet line.  I'm sorry, but no matter how often Karey and Purine say they like to cook the food to order, food laid out in huge trays and placed in "turo-turo" style ISN'T food cooked-to-order!Here is a list of the food I tried that day:1. Lechon, large order $6.99- includes corn tortilla (I subbed flour) and  choice of Spanish or Filipino garlic rice.  (I chose Filipino, of course!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg#SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg2. 3-entree combo of Dinuguan ("chocolate stew"), Beef Mechado, and Pork Adobo $- includes garlic rice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ#Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ3. Lumpia shanghai (fried Filipino pork eggrolls)- small order includes 8 pcs. of pork- and onion-filled mini-eggrolls that are fried.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ#HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ4. Halo-halo $4.50- frozen dessert consisting of sweet beans, coconut strings, coco jellies, ube (taro-based pudding), coconut milk, choice of ice cream, and shaved ice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA#cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA5. Pan of cassava $8- Cassava is a root, much like a sweet potato or yam that is pounded or ground into flour and then mixed with cream, butter, eggyolks, and sugar and baked/steamed into a cake-like dessert dish.  Somewhat cakey and much thicker than an egg-custard pie... A little help here, Joel?  6.  To-go containers of Pork adobo and Dinuguan, each $3I found all the entrees and eggrolls, save the mechado (meat was a little tough), very tender and very tasty (loved the dinuguan!).  However, they're ALL very greasy, unfortunately!  I'll never ever order the fried eggrolls again... Everytime I ate them, they came back to haunt me, and all due to the high grease and salt content.  A coworker came for her first visit (with her husband and stepdaughter. as well) after I had left, and told me that she found the eggrolls VERY salty, as well as the other dishes she tried there, but couldn't bring herself to tell the owners because they were all so very friendly and sweet.  Karen, Rey, and Purine, as well as Michael, were all very friendly and accomodating, this is true.I would order the dinuguan and pork adobo again, but I won't eat any of it until I'm able to place them in the fridge so that their sauces may gel up and I can skim off the HUGE amount of fat, reheat, and then place them back into the fridge again so that I may re-skim the fat one more time.  Only then would I be able to enjoy these dishes.  They are very tasty, but I have to be careful...  Or I could enjoy them fresh, but without much of the sauce.What my coworker and I definitely agreed on was that we'd both come back just to have the halo-halo again!  This dessert, similar to the Vietnamese Che ba mau, tasted like it was made from fresh ingredients, instead of from a bottled mix of beans, coco strings and jello.  I liked the ice cream they used, too.  You have your choice of either ube, vanilla, or mango.  I'll definitely have to come back and try a bowl of the two Filipino flavors...  As a special, Karen had prepared ginataan, a warm dessert consisting of plantains, jackfruit, coco strings, taro, and something akin to yams, cooked in coconut milk and sugar.  This looked and smelled so very good, but I couldn't try it due to food allergies.  I wonder if Joel had a sample?  I know he enjoyed the cassava... I did, likewise.As for the lechon, I'm sad to report that the skin wasn't crispy at all, and I detected a chemical flavor every time I tried the skin.  It tasted much like what a disinfectant might taste like.  A faint hint, but still there, nonetheless.  The pork meat didn't wow me, either.  A big part of the enjoyment of lechon is the Mang Tomas Lechon sauce, which you can buy at Lee Lee supermarket in Chandler (or at Mekong in Mesa).  Awesome sauce, just ask Joel!  I'll have to try the leftover lechon soon with the sauce (I stayed away from it bec. I wasn't sure of the ingredients at the time).I will definitely be back to try their daily specials.  I do hope that Karen and the others strive to lessen the grease content of their dishes...
5	I pass by here about every day on the way home and I was thinking before it opened that is was going to be just another plain jane place to get some food.  Was I wrong.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!The first thing you notice is the warm and genuine greeting you get when you walk in.  And then to discover that it's Filipino/Mexican food.  Oh my goodess!   I would purposely go to Tucson on Mondays just to get chicken adobo at a Filipino place.  Not any longer.    Karey's Chicken Adobo rocks!!  Just the right amount of spice and everything nice.  The Menudo is fantastic too...(not to be confused with Mexican menudo made with tripe) This is Filipino style!!  WOW!!The Beef Mechado is spicy, hearty and thick and their garlic rice is just that...garlic rice.   I've had other garlic rice dishes before and the first thing that pops in your head at first taste is...where's the garlic??  It's not lacking any garlic when Karey cooks it.  And then I am told that they are doing Lechon that coming Friday.  Yes indeed folks...whole roasted baby pig.  I venture in that Friday and there it is...quite a bit gone but the front half still there.  I picked up a half pound with Spanish rice and a few touches of crispy skin and let me tell you that meat was so juicy, so tender, so delicious... I can't wait for the next one.  It's been a while since I have had excellent Lechon and this was just that, excellent.And the prices here are so reasonable you're going to come back again and again.  So many more things to try on the menu and I know I will not be disappointed.  You're gonna love their portions too!The only thing that makes this place dangerous to me...I can get to it in less than 2 minutes when I drive.  :)
4	Lunched here Monday.  Had read all of the reviews, so expectations were high.  And they lived up to them..About the place.  Family run, mother/daughter combo.  The son handles the web site and Twitter posts (check Twitter for daily specials).  They were very nice.  The mom kept bringing me food I didn't even order, just because I told her I would eventually try it.The food:  I ordered a 3 item combo.  I was really only hungry enough for a 2 item, but for the sake of all of you, got the 3 so I could taste one more dish.  The chicken adabo was very simple and good.  Won't overwhelm you with flavor.  It is prepared using chicken wings, and they were hot and tender.  The spicy orange beef was very good.  Daily special I believe.  Very flavorful, with a hint of orange and red peppers.  Also tried the beef mechado, which I am told is one of their better burritos.  The potatoes that accompanied this surprised me.  I expected them to be a bit mushy, but they were perfectly crisp.  I chose mexican rice to go with it, but I believe they have garlic and white rice as alternatives.They also gave me some of the cassava cake.  I am not a huge fan of coconut, but I tried and enjoyed it.  Also, they brought out a small sampling of their most popular item, the pork egg rolls.  They were almost like deep fried taquitos with a very unique flavor.  Served with sweet and sour, it is a MUST have!  They supposedly have to make 3,000 PER DAY!Go try it out.  No soda fountain, so you can get canned soda and drinks.  Eat in (cute decor) or take it to go.  Not great for large groups, but 2 or 3 would be OK..
5	I'd like to thank the good Lord above for bringing another filipino restaurant to the valley! (And for yelp for letting me know about it)I visited Karey's tonight because I had that hankerin' for filipino and since it was close to work and was getting great reviews I decided, hell yes!After finding the tucked away business, I was warmly greeted by Karen and her brother. She told me of the already prepared food that she had and if there were something else I had in mind, she would happily prepare it for me. I decided on tha chicken adobo burrito with garlic rice and lumpia. I asked her about some other filipino dishes, she said she still had some pinakbet (a meat and vegetable stew) so I ordered that as well.Now, I ordered this to go but I live in Gilbert so I was a little wary if the lumpia was still going to have it's crispyness to it after my commute home. The delicious little guys made it home and still had their delightful crunch to them. Next was a bite of the burrito. The chicken was very tender and not dried out like sometimes adobo can get. It also didn't have the sometimes overpowering bite of vinegar that is common in adobo. It had a nice balanced taste that lended it well for making burritos with. The pinakbet was a bit of a dissappointment, it was little on the bland and dry side, but I am judging this on how my mother used to make it.I asked about any specials coming up, like lechon, and she said that in a couple of weeks they're going to have another lechon roast. She also said that if there was anything that isn't on the menu and if she knows of the recipe, she would be glad to prepare it, all you need to do is call. Karey's is going into my full rotation even if it's a good half hour away!
4	I think many of these reviews might be friends of the family, but my wife and I met up with my father and mother along with my brother and sister in law for a dinner here.  There were a few people ordering to go, but we came for a meal and the six of us filled the restaurant.  Don't expect to find a lot of room, there are a few chairs but not a lot!  If it's full, it's full.  Anyway, though (I think) many of these reviews are relatives, they are spot on.  It's a good place to eat Filipino food.  Everything I tasted from the lumpia to the adobo was excellent.  And the mother/daughter/son running the place were so nice and helpful it felt like eating at home.  I want to go back very soon, especially on a Friday when they have some delicious pig, i think it's called lechon baboy.  mmmm.Don't expect gourmet, silverware or place settings.  Expect good (excellent) home cooked Filipino with a twist of Mexican.  This is what you really want, go eat some!
5	I've been wanting to try this place for weeks. I finally grabbed a friend, headed over and was not disappointed! I tried a combination plate with chicken adobe and coconut squash (a special of the day) which was served with garlic rice. Everything was very good. I just wish I had a bit more coconut squash because I was liking it so much. My friend and I also shared the lumpia (the small was a generous size and perfect for two) and the banana egg rolls which were topped with caramel and served with coconut ice cream (heavenly!). Next time I'm going to try one of the burritos and also the cake, which they were out of this time around. My friend was equally impressed and had the pork adobo and beef mechado which I tried from her plate. Yum!The place is very small and just about every seat was filled. The service was great and I felt like my mom was taking care of me since it's family owned. I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood! I plan to return regularly since I'm already craving lumpia and banana egg rolls!
5	Karey's was on my bookmarks and since I  got out of work earlier today I went for  lunch. It's a tiny but charming place. I'm glad I went later and was able to sit down. Karen and her husband were there. She's an incredibly sweet lady and sat down with me to talk about the restaurant and my recent trip to the Phillippines. I had the chicken adobo, chicken coconut curry with garlic rice and lumpia. The flavors were delicious, not too oily. My favorite was the chicken adobo, although it was a little dry. I think because it was chicken breast. The chicken coconut curry was good as well. The lumpia was delicious and their homemade hot sauce is great. Karen went as far as to give me a piece of cassava cake. Seriously, who does that? I guess what I love the most is the feeling you're eating at a relative or friend's house.Was it the best Filipino food I ever had? Not really, but it was darn close!  I'll give it  4.5 stars but they deserve to be round up!
5	like every other reviewer here, i've been meaning to try this place out for a little while. its located behind the blockbuster i go to, so its pretty hidden, unless your in that plaza for any reason. the place is decorated in a relaxed, lunchtime style. nice tables and some cool ethnic decor to catch your eye. the man who was working (i didn't catch his name) was very friendly. he asked if i had ever tried Philippine food before. and then proceeded to show me show me of their dishes. i settle on their pork burrito and garlic fried rice. the burrito was amazing! the meat was so flavorful and the tortilla was crispy and greasy at the same time. the chips that came with my meal were a little stale, but i just ignored them and had at the amazing garlic rice. not to greasy (any more grease after that burrito would have been to much) but big on taste. i loved my meal, and i will be heading that way for lunch regularly.
5	Considering the Spanish influence on both Mexican and Filipino cooking, it is a wonder that no one had thought of bringing the two cuisines together in one dining establishment sooner. Well, Karey's Kitchen did, and they did it so well! (Again, thanks to yelp for allowing me to find yet another great place!) The Filipino dishes made me homesick for The Old Country, especially when I tasted the the pochero and the mechado. But I was so delighted to discover that making Filipino adobo or mechado into burritos would result in a kick-ass fantastic fusion, especially when paired with their zesty mango salsa. Unlike other places that also serve burritos, they serve the rice and the salsa on the side, so you have the option of adding it to your burrito if you want to cut the richness a tad. Great food, low prices, very warm and friendly staff ... Karey's Kitchen, you know I'll be coming back soon, and often!
5	This latest hybrid might sound different but after trying the Filipino-Mexican fusion at Karey's Kitchen, you'll ask yourself why no one had done it sooner?Situated at the southeast corner behind Blockbuster at 40th Street and Thomas Road, Karey's is in one of those blink-and-miss-it locations. From the good luck kitty at the register to the rich looking hardwood floors and dark wood furniture, it's actually charming. There are a few tables as well as counter seating for eat in, and the tables can be pushed together to accommodate a party of eight or more.Karen, once an accountant, has turned restaurateur in this family-run venture, which includes her mom, Puring, husband, Ray, and brother, Michael.It brings me so much joy to see the love and care that goes into a place that is family owned and independent. The warm smiling faces that greet you at the counter are so genuine and welcoming. Karen and Puring run the front of the store and tail it back to the kitchen to cook.For the unfamiliar, many Filipino foods consist of stews, braises and roasts of beef, pork and chicken, which work perfectly for this concept. For the purist you can order a combination plate of classic Filipino dishes and select your own items, or you can go for something more unconventional, yet accessible, like many of its tasty hybrid burritos, chimichangas and flautas.I must add the menu is more of a guideline rather than something set in stone. If there is something on the menu you find yourself craving, maybe call ahead to make sure she has it that day. Sourcing top quality has been tough, and on a several visits the restaurant was out of one thing or another.Daily specials play a large part of Karey's menu, and there are always three to five specials per day. If you'd like to know about those dishes, you can choose to follow Karey's Kitchen on Twitter.On one visit I created my own three-item combo ($5.99), which included a couple of out-of-this-world pork spare ribs. The barbecue sauce was house-made and had a wonderful slightly smoky and sweet flavor.I also chose the chicken curry, which was fall-off, the bone tender and not heavy like most I've tried.To round off the combo, I chose the pancit, which is the Filipino version of Chinese lo mein. Though rice sticks were used instead of egg noodles, it has a lighter sauce. Of course this was made to order and the vegetables were still slightly crisp.The pancit is probably the lightest item on the menu and had plenty of chicken breast and vegetables for those who are watching their figures.Adobo is to the Philippines as Pho is to Vietnam. Essentially a method of stewing meat brought to the Philipines by the Spanish in the 1500s, it has become the national dish.Karey's version is absolutely delicious with its rich savory flavors and tender meats. You can have this in a combo or rice bowl, but do yourself a favor and get the Pork Adobo Burrito ($5.99). A huge flour tortilla stuffed with pork adobo then rolled in Parmesan cheese. With the outside rolled in cheese, it adds a depth to the burrito that I've never quite experienced.With the burrito you also have your choice of Spanish rice, white rice, garlic rice or beans. The Spanish and garlic rice are moist and flavorful, but my favorite were the creamy beans. Karey's doesn't have a traditional Mexican salsa but instead chooses to use Asian chili paste. The spicy vinegary heat is the perfect complement to every dish I tried.I love eggrolls in about any shape and form, including Karey's outstanding Filipino version called Lumpia ($2.95/$4.95). These are smaller than what you'd normally expect at an Asian restaurant, but the crunch factor is far bigger. Simply filled with seasoned ground pork and served with a side of sweet chili sauce, these little bad boys are fantastically crispy and light.Keeping with the hybrid fusion theme, desserts are few but interesting and worth the calories. The Halo Halo ($4.95) is made of shaved ice, beans, purple yams, sweetened condensed milk and ice cream.Okay, I know, it sounds a little crazy, and when it is served, the first thing that comes up is, "What have I gotten myself into?"This dessert is brightly colored and unusual in its presentation with so many different layers. Once you brave the first bite, it won't be your last. Creamy, icy, tender and smooth, it's a textural and flavor overload that should be experienced at least once. I have a feeling I'll be having another one on my next visit.Ask about Puring's Cassava Cake ($1.29). It's served warm and is made from shredded cassava, coconut milk and sugar.From the crispy lumpia to the tender, melt-in-your-mouth adobo, Karen and company cooks how they want to eat and treat their customers how they want to be treated, like family.
4	Filipino food just like my sister makes!  OK, she's my sister-in-law (you can clearly see I'm not Filipino), but the food is just like her authentic dishes.  Check Iain B.'s review for detail on typical Filipino fare.  I am particularly fond of the pork adobo, beef machada and pancit.  The adobe is an intensely seasoned beef that I like to mixed into the pancit - a delectable blend of rice noodles and veggies which is made to order with chicken or tofu (yum) as requested.  The beef machada, a heavily seasoned thick stew of tender beef and potatoes is equally captivating.The restaurant is very casual, with only a  few tables, yet the decor rises above the typical Mexcian food takeout shop.  Oh yes, the Mexican fusion part...I admit the only "fusion" item i've tried is a pork adobo burrito, which was quite tasty.  but with all this great Filipino fare, the Mexican side hasn't tempted me much.  The only very slight disappointment is that in response to a customer complaining that the lumpia is to greasy, they changed from pork lumpia to ground beef.  Of course pork is greasy - it's pork!  That's why it's good!  Anyway, there is enough tasty fare here to keep me coming back.  The pleasant service and heartfelt appreciation of their customer rounds out out the experience.  Here's a hint - leftover pork adobo and pancit are just as good reheated for breakfast as they are in the restaurant.
4	lumpia! lumpia! lumpia!I feel as though I have died and gone to LUMPIA heaven.  They are tricky to make-- just really time consuming and it leaves yuor kitchen messy so eating them when you didn't make them yourself is such a treat! We started off with lumpia and then had the pancit.  Panict was not 5 star--- I like mine more dry, so the one I make at home is better in my opinion.  But it was still really good.HALO HALO-- oh my!  I have not had halo halo since 1993 so the minute it hit my mouth, an entire flash of memories came back to me!  It's very interesting and has a lot going on in it, some stuff I love, other stuff, I pick around.  I can't wait to go back and try the adobo, and some of the more mexican type foods.The people working-- owner and family are sooo nice and really friendly, that makes for an excellent experience!I am looking at my schedule seeing when I can get back there again---
5	Soooo, I just got done eating takeout from Karey's and I am stuffed and satisfied!  I had the two item combo with the Chicken Coconut Curry and the Lechon Paksiw (Roasted Pork Stew) and they were both delicious!  Both the chicken and the pork were tender and moist and full of flavor.  The pork was definitely my favorite.  The sauce they stewed it in was finger-licking good.  I couldn't get enough.  If I hadn't been so full after I probably would've went right back up there and ordered another serving of it!  I will definitely be going back, especially the next time the Lechon Paksiw is one of the daily specials!
5	Karey's Kitchen was my very first Yelp bookmark. Isn't that sweet? There was a big lull in my afternoon yesterday, a lull in which I had not eaten lunch, and yet, it was still much too early for dinner. I decided that this was the perfect time to head over to 40th St. and Thomas, and knock one more bookmark off of my ever-expaning panoply. Karey's Kitchen is located on the southeast corner of 40th St. and Thomas, somewhat hidden behind a rogue Blockuster. There are many other businesses occupying its strip mall, but when I rolled up at about 3:30 in the afternoon, the entire parking lot was empty. Like, the whole thing. Mine was the single, solitary vehicle present. I'm sure it's a hub of activity at other times of the day, but apparently the middle of the afternoon renders the street corner a veritable ghost town. The restaurant is small, and cute inside. It's clean and cheery, without being bright and antiseptic. I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me several delicious samples, because it was my first time visiting! Is there any better introduction? Another very friendly gentleman joined her, and asked me how I came to hear about Karey's Kitchen. I told him that I read about it on the internet, and he said, "OH! On Yelp?!" I like it when Yelp comes up in my daily life. It's fun. They were both very kind to me, and very interested in explaining the dishes to me. Ultimately, I ordered a three item combo with garlic fried rice. Chicken Adobo, Beef Calidereta, and the Chicken Coconut Curry. I also snagged a square of Cassava cake. A brief disclaimer: I do not have a sophisticated palate. I like my meals to have flavor. A LOT of flavor. Subtleties are generally wasted on me.Delicious. Everything was absolutely delicious. The Chicken Adobo was definitely my favorite, but the other two were very, very good...things I would certainly order again. Every item was totally bursting with flavor, and I was in a food coma before I even finished eating. Scrumptious and savory. The Cassava cake was a perfect ending to the meal - it has an enjoyable, thick texture, and is not too sweet. I loved everything that I ate, and can't wait to scurry back next week and try something new. Maybe the Lumpia...but definitely with a Chicken Adobo burrito and garlic rice. Yes. Sir.Ps: The guy working there told me they will soon be offering Adobo sandwiches...apparently, people ask for them a lot. You heard it here first!
4	Alexander does right again! Please do not hate for the 4 star not 5, as they are worthy but missed it by a little fraction. I had the 2 items with rice. I enjoyed the Chicken Adobo, a favorite of mine, and the Chicken afritada, which was suggested by the owners. Both were really good, I had hope the meat was a little bit more tender, but the flavor was there. The fried (garlic) rice was really good. I asked a bunch of questions and they were more then happy to answer them. One thing to ask about is the Pancit instead of rice, we can get rice anywhere, but not the pancit. I was also a little bummed they only serve the lumpia is a group, you cannot order one with a meal. (unless you want the veggie lumpia. As previous mentioned the place is on the South East corner and on the south west of the complex. Enjoy.... I did.
5	Based on the Yelp reviews it had received, we all went to visit Karey's Kitchen yesterday for lunch. This is the second new Filipino place we have tried in as many weeks. The place is very small, but nice and cozy (maybe about the size of Mi Cocina Mi Pais). We went after traditional lunch-rush hours, so it was not too cramped. I'm actually glad they opted for a small location. Several of our favorite places have gone out of business lately due to too much overhead, so it's good they are keeping their expenses low. We had our toddler with us, so we opted for the outdoor seating and all was well.We tried a variety of Filipino dishes and everything was great. I had the chicken adobo and kaldereta--both were excellent, as was the garlic rice I had on the side. My wife and niece, who are both Filipinas, also were impressed with the food--especially the cassava cake, which they raved about. Karey's also offers Mexican-Filipino fusion dishes which we did not try this time, but I might go for an adobo burrito or something next time and update the review. The service was also outstanding--super-friendly and fast. My wife ended up having a very nice long conversation with the owners after our lunch. Living in a Fil-Am household we are always looking for new places to stock up on Filipino food. My wife is a restaurant manager (Panda Express), so the last thing she wants to do at home is cook--and as for me, well if it does not involve fire or barbeque sauce its better that we not go there. So, we order take-out food frequently. Along with Wholly Grill, we now have two new staples. I can tell right now I will be stopping here on my way home from work A LOT!I'm giving Karey's five stars based on the fact that the food was good, the service was fast, and the owners were super-friendly. That goes a long way in my book.
3	i was very disappointed in this place. i had driven far out to get here. i live in gilbert. i got the pinkbet, beef mechado and pork adobo. their portions are very measly. they are overpriced and their food wasnt very good or authentic tasting at all. the only thing i liked was the pork adobo.
4	To paraphrase Carl Sagan..."In order to create fillipino/mexican fusion cusine, you must first invent the universe"   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSgiXGELjbcYou will want to give that vid a look and a listen...preferably while enjoying some roasted piggy prepared by the utterly adorable Karey and friends:)I had lunch with friends today at Karey's:)A little lunch, a little solving of the worlds problems (without benefit of alcohol, this time:) even a discussion of the the galactic issues that confront us all (did you know that there is an excellent chance that the Milky Way Galaxy...our home...will collide with another galaxy (Andromeda), soon?!?!?Less than 3.5 billion years...things could get very dicey!Until then, whistle over to the SE corner of of 40th St. and Thomas Rd. and drop by and visit Karey.She gave us samples (since who among us understands what fillipino/mexican fusion really is?I will tell you what it is...it is really good!I enjoyed samples of chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, the aformentioned piggy, beef mechado (no I didn't do that from memory...I took a menu:)I was sorely tempted to to have the "all the above" platter, but I controlled myself:)Pork adobo, Beef mechado and garlic rice, along with a shared order of lumpia egg rolls...just delightful:-)I am happy to report that Karey's was busy during the entire lunch hour...I am also happy to report that Karey brought us a delightful little dessert cake to try...I did enjoy my lunch today:)In the universe I've invented, single malt scotch flows like water, I have no need for tax attorneys and fillipino/mexican fusion cooking at Karey's Kitchen is here to stay:)When you invent your own universe, be sure to include Karey's Kitchen...I might want to visit with you at lunch someday:)
4	I've never heard of Filipino-Mexican fusion.  (Filican?  Mexipino?  FiliMex?)  I joined friends Donald and Mark (Donark?  Monald?) here for a nice Friday lunch.The folks here were friendly and hospitable (Fraspitable? Hofriendly?) when we came in and offered sample tastes of several dishes.  We tried chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, beef mechado and the special, roasted pork.  As in roasted pig.  A whole pig, roasted on site.  In my head I heard Christopher Walken blurt his patented "Wow."Everything was tasty.  I went with a platter of two meats and garlic rice.  I chose the chicken coconut curry and the pork adobo.  The meats were tender and well sauced.   Savory and aromatic.  Savormatic?  Aromavory?As we were finishing they brought over a slice of cassava cake, sliced for three.  Very sweet.  (The gesture and the cake.)  When we ordered I had asked if the cassava cake was similar to flan because it looked a bit like flan.  It's not.  It has more depth and texture and substantial vegetable flavor to it.  Good stuff.I think Karey's gets 4 stars.  This is a place that could take their food to the 5 star level.  All of the dishes were really good but tasted like they were going for a milder, more mainstream version of the full bright flavor potential.  My advice is to keep doing what they are doing, only more.
5	A few weeks back.. waking from a migraine fog and haze of migraine meds.. I seriously was jones'n for Kareys rice! I had a friend drive me.. Intro'd my friend to Karen... who gave samples and  her friendly beyond friendly personality.. that speaks volumes in a society whos forgotten the value of customer service! Im always trying new things when in Kareys.. this time roasted pork, curry to go, and of course, my craving for the fried rice....and wow! I think my migraine got better... because a 5 is the best thing for that:-)
4	Finally tried this place after being thwarted last week by an emergency that had them closed on a weekday. Glad everything seems in order again.The good reviews don't lie...this is a diamond in the rough. The food was excellent and the two lovely ladies behind the counter were gracious and generous with the samples. I ordered the chocolate stew/chicken adobo/garlic rice combo ($5.99) and hubby got the pork adobo burrito ($6.25). Ample food for a great price! We also got an order of lumpia, of which I ate  9 out of 10 before my husband even realized what was happening. I also swiped his mango salsa and ate that whole container almost in one bite.All of the food was excellent. I have docked one star only because the meat sauces are a little on the oily side; if they could knock the oil down a notch it would be 5 stars for sure.I couldn't resist grabbing a piece of cassava cake to go...it was the sleeper hit of the meal and I wish I had another piece right now! I can only describe it as the Filipino answer to noodle kugel; coconutty, custardy, sweet, but not too sweet. So GOOD. We will definitely be back. Yum.
4	I am on a roll when it comes to trying new (well to me anyway) cuisine across the Valley. Today at work, my coworker and wonderful friend Vicky mentioned how she wanted to try Kareys Kitchen. I went on Yelp, read the reviews (especially from people that I really trusted) and I couldn't wait to go. Walking in there (remind me please to always check the website and menu before I go into the unknown!) I was highly confused on what to order. The words Chicken, Beef, and Pork rang a bell to me, but not the words Caldereta, Tinola, and Asado. One of the owners, the ever helpful and super sweet Rey (the wife's name is Karen - hence the name Kareys Kitchen) let me try three sample tastes. The Chicken Adobo and the Beef Caldereta were amazing, but I ended up getting the Chicken Coconut Curry with steamed rice. The curry wasn't overbearing at all...in fact it was made just right. Vicky order the 2 combination plate of Dinuguan and Pinakbet with steamed rice. (And let me tell you that you will never go hungry with the amount of rice that they serve!) I tried the Dinuguan...it was alright to me...but I am not a big pork fan. She loved it, though she was used to more of a spicier taste (Though the Pinakbet had bitter melon in it - ewww not a good after taste) I also ordered a piece of their Cassava cake...but I was so full I only at a couple of bites. I took the rest home with me...what I had it was really good. I am scared about when the word of mouth becomes so widespread that this place will get so crowded that it will start to become annoying to go there. Basically, the cafe is very small...cozy for now...
3	I found this restaurant thru yelp. I tried the pork adobo and coconut chicken curry. It was really good! The dishes were cooked just right. And to put Filipino stew in a burrito is pure genius! I ended up chatting with the owners for an hour before leaving for my flight (I am from out of town). Nice to discover a neighborhood gem of a place.
4	Finally Stopped at Karey's for a bite, Actually it was not just a bite but a FEAST, LMAO. I always pass by Karey's but never stopped to try it. I always been a big fan of some Filipino dishes cuz i grew up with alot of friends that were Pinoy and Pinay back home in ESSJ, CA. The place is small and cozy, i was the only person there which was GREAT cuz Karen (the owner) and her daughter greeted me and started giving me samples of everything, lol. Delish every single sample. She was sweet, generous pinay lady. I grabbed a 3 item meal with white rice, Also Grabbed a 10 Piece Lumpia, all i can say is WOW!! I really liked the Sweet n Sour spicy sauce they have. Damn it reminded me of dishes from back home. everything was delicious. I'm going back Friday for some LECHON!!! They have it every OTHER Friday. Cant wait. I wanted to grab desert too but i think i ordered enough for me to eat, ill be back to get some Friday, lol All in all it was AWESOME food, but deducted one star for a lil greasy and some meat was dry, but it was all good!!!BY THE WAY, yes i did try the Chocolate meat, TY Robert, lol
3	this was decent. i loved the fried rice. i can't believe i used to live right around the corner and never went here. i was at this blockbuster all the time! i'm not one for chicken on the bone so i was little sad about that. it was a bit dry and i didn't get a punch of flavor. however, the garlic rice was amazing. i also got the halo halo and i wasn't a fan. i WAS a fan of the purple ice cream she put on top. oh my lawd it was good. i really wanted a lumpia but felt like i was going overboard already so i will have to try that next time im in the area. maybe a trip to pruitts? who knows. 7 stars for the service- they are SO SOOOOO nice and friendly. love them.
2	A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on. First, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.   Our chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.  Second, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's "mercy" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to "decide", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.   It's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, "That looks interesting" or "that smells good, what's that?".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.     We stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.  Two minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.    There's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt.
4	This cute little place is on my way home from work, so finally I stopped in. Hidden behind the blockbuster, almost didn't find this place. Family owned, customer service was impeccable. I always appreciated family owned places and prefer them to corporate owned places. It's like college football compared to NFL...college has more heart imo. Anyways me and my analogies.My step-grandmother is Filipino so I was all over the lumpia and adobo. I got a little crazy and had the chicken adobo in a burrito! It was sooo much food, but oooooo so good. I joined them on twitter so I can see the specials. I won't be going in when they got the roasted pig, makes me sad. I got a pet potbelly pig named goose back home. aww he's the love of my life. I need to take someone with me so I can share  dessert...it looked tempting.
2	I'm surprised people rated the food here 4 stars(30 reviews at this time), clearly the customer service is warm and friendly, but the food is not good.  Seems much more Filipino, which was sad, because I was craving some good Mexican after we hiked Camelback.Again, service is fantastic(probably why the reviews are so high) but the food is not good.
4	Spectacular service, meet Above-average Food. Although I don't know what that equals, its unique for sure.  You don't get this kind of friendly, overly-anxious to please ('officious' for you vocab buffs) service in too many PHX restaurants unless you are willing to pay for it.I took my family to Karey's Kitchen a couple of weeks back because it was on Yelp's HOT list forever and because lumpia are like a siren to me (The Odyssey sirens, not the police car kind). We walk in and it was as if someone threw us into some foreign third-world country for lunch. The outside tables looked like an injury waiting to happen, and the inside (though VERY clean) had a feel of 'frugal budget' to it. Nonetheless, we walk up to the counter to see what goodies were bubbling for our pleasure.  The young girl was extremely nice, and was feeding us samples of everything from BBQ pork to strips of steak and chicken.  Everything tasted pretty good so we decided to order.You order in a kind of Panda Express style with a bowl of rice and one-three choices of meat.  I got the chicken adobo (i think) and the BBQ pork (my favorite)... we also ordered a small batch of lumpia (it comes with like 10 of them!)The only thing I was disappointed in (taste-wise) was the lumpia.  It had a plain hamburger taste to it.  I was hoping for something with a little more flavor.Karey was a delight! She chatted with us as we ate and suggested some sauces (The Banana Sauce rox!)... She also said she roasts a pig every other Friday. I have GOT to try that!!!All-in-all, it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely try it again!
5	I've only been here once, but due to the fact that the food was excellent and the experience was wonderful, I have to give up the 5th star.  To say I am a picky eater would certainly be an understatement, so I really have no idea what was going on in my head when I decided to try Karey's Kitchen.  I pretty much hate Mexican food and have no idea what Filipino food is, so this was pretty daring for me.When we came in it was empty, thankfully, so we got to sample lots of food and ask all of our stupid questions to the super sweet girl behind the counter.  She wasn't shy about offering her recommendations when I asked, and I really appreciated that.  After tasting a bunch of dishes I decided on the Chicken Adobo Burrito.  It came with a side of garlic rice and chips and salsa.  The salsa I didn't eat because that's just too far out of my comfort zone.  The rice was good, but I honestly wouldn't mind if there was more garlic in it.  The burrito was absolutely heavenly!  I'm the kind of girl who likes stuff pretty plain.  Just the meat and cheese thank you very much.  To my surprise, that is exactly the way my burrito came... stuffed with chicken and loaded with ooey gooey cheese!  It was even covered in something that tasted like paremesan crumbs.  Yum!I really cannot wait to go back here and try something new and maybe overcome a few more of my culinary fears.
4	I honestly have no idea what I ate.  Nothing on the menu was familiar to me and when I tried to order certain things, I was told no.  I got pork something and pork something else in a combo plate.  It was damn good though.We had tried some samples of things and I wanted the pork sample and then I saw some beef and pineapple thing on the menu that I really wanted.  I think I was told "no" and that I had to order off the giant board on the side.  That didn't really make any sense to me since the menu above the food said it was their regular menu.  In any event, then I said that I wanted the pork thing that was on the menu (because it was the only pork thing on the side menu) assuming it was the thing I had sampled.  The girl then repeated the pork thing and then gave me two different kinds of pork things.  If this is all confusing to you, how do you think I felt standing there.As I said, in then end, I was quite happy with my food.  Very flavorful and the price and quantity were great.  I will be back, without a doubt.
3	This really amounts to 3.5 stars.  I think after seeing all of the stellar reviews combined with my LOVE for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings.  Not so much.  The pancit (my favorite Filipino entree) seemed to lack flavor and/or seasoning.  I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to.  It was more just oily noodles and missed that flavor I wanted.  The good news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very fresh and hot - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.I was also very excited to get some lumpia.  Again, not so much.  They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them.  Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.On a positive note, the folks there are extremely friendly and helpful.  It makes me want to like it even more.  I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.A few tips:*If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you.*It is a small place - tough to fit the 5 of us.  There were only a few other tables to seat 2.I really wanted to like you Karey's Kitchen...
2	It's hard to give a two-star review for Karey's Kitchen given the storm of very positive reviews so far, but anything more feels really inaccurate given my two experiences there. Let me explain myself. The first time I went to this place (which is just a few blocks from my office), I really liked the food but found the service hit-or-miss (albeit ridiculously friendly). As of April of this year, I had stopped eating meat, so I was unable to order anything from the ready-made lunch buffet. Not the restaurant's fault, per se, but it would have been helpful to know from the extensive "laundry list" online menu that fish/tofu items had to be made to order. I did end ordering a noodle bowl with tofu and shrimp but it took 25 minutes. Even though the man helping me was incredibly apologetic, it was frustrating on a busy work day to be so held up. The noodle cake he offered me was also good but hard to eat before I had actually eaten my savory lunch! Again, though, my noodles were greasy but really good. The second time I came to Karey's Kitchen, I brought a co-worker. She eats meat, so she ordered items from the lunch buffet. I again ordered something off the menu and we also ordered some vegetarian fried rolls to share. When my food finally came, we dug in. Her pork-based dish was incredibly greasy and she described the meat as being "suspect." My vegetarian dish (essentially a tofu rice bowl) was good but also very greasy. Worst of all, the vegetarian rolls had meat in them! Third strike...I do truly appreciate how nice the staff at this place was each time there were mess-ups. I was also really impressed by the way they leveraged social networking (Facebook, Twitter) to advertise their opening and spread awareness. I also understand that as a family-owned business, they are short-staffed. All that said, they need to focus on doing fewer menu items better and should add some vegetarian/fish items to their main lunch menu so people like me don't have to wait half an hour for a special order.
3	This is the type of place I really love and usually give 5 stars to.  It's my kind of place (an out of the way dive)... but alas, I was not thrilled for several reasons.  Upon entering I did not smell the tasty meats simmering and cooking.  Instead, my nose was hit with incense burning.  The owner said she was burning incense to attract customers.  Apparently it was a spiritual thing.... like a rain dance during a drought.  Don't get me wrong, I grew up in the seventies and I can appreciate the odor of burning incense... although usually we burned incense to hide the smell of other burning substances... anyway, I digress.... when I eat in a restaurant I want to smell the cooking and the food.... not burning incense.  I thought the meats tasted great.  The little lumpia egg rolls were a true treat.  I loved them.Unfortunately, my brother and I both experienced some digestive flip flops after our lunch.  Despite that, I'm still going back and may have to edit this review.  I'm still rooting for this place.
4	I spent 18 months in the Philippines with the US Peace Corps, living with a host family in Southern Leyte. I missed my host mom's homecooking so much, I was desperate to find some local Filipino food. I have been to Karey's twice now and while the food is prepared a little differently, the chicken adobo, chicken curry and banana burrito (turon) are out of this world! The staff is SUPER friendly and make me feel right back at home. The staff is Tagalog-speaking so I still don't have a chance to practice the Cebuano I learned, but they get a kick out of the little Tagalog I know :)The restaurant itself feels intimate, small and exclusive. It is the epitome of a place one would come to expect a home-cooked meal made with love.
5	This place hit the spot! I'm so glad I decided to check this little place out. Filipino food is hard to find when looking at restaurants out here, but now I can say I've found one. I wanted to try everything on the menu! I ended up getting the coconut chicken curry, adobo, chili and lumpia. Everything was amazing and tasted like it was cooked at home. The chicken curry even had whole chicken wings in it (this made me so happy)! Next time I go, I have to try an adobo burrito!The icing on the cake for me was that Karen and Rey were unbelievably friendly. I felt like I was at a close friend's house whose family was cooking and making me try all of the delicious food.I can't wait to find time to go back to Karey's. I plan to bring my Filipino roommate (he smiled so wide when I told him there was good Filipino food afoot). Thank you very much Karen and Rey! See you soon!
4	my first visit was great.  beef machado burrito is killer and very much a full meal.  very nice staff.  super small place that i hope stays that way.  every time a good place like this expands, it seems to go down in quality.  i don't see karey's doing this (at least i hope not).  i'll be back very soon to check out the adobo plates.  love some filipino cuisine!
4	I'm sad to see that this place has closed, because it was the only place that put out food that rivaled the stuff I remember my mom making.  Went here on a trip to Phoenix in June, and I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious everything was.  The adobo was spot on; the caldereta was delicious.  It's hard to believe that a place so solid (and seemingly popular, from the amount of reviews about it) could close down so quickly.  Maybe their prices were too low for the quality of the food they produced?  Ah well.  It seems like a moot point now, but it was definitely my favorite Filipino food restaurant while it lasted.
