5	I use these guys for all my dry cleaning!  They are awesome and reasonably priced!
5	Excellent service and I'm glad I've found this place. AND they do give out deals (via Yelp, coupon AND first-time users). They did my daughter's prom (it has SEQUINS) it turned out very well - they even took the body odor (remmy, it was prom - she danced her brains out) out.
5	These guys are marvelous! Friendly service, affordable, and love my dry cleaning. Highly recommended.
4	I once visited this location three times in one day. Being an awesome girlfriend aside, (ha, ha, ha) they consistently deliver our clothes clean- on time or early- starched and well pressed to our liking. They even have us a first time customer discount and many visits later accepted our yelp deal. I haven't ever used the drive up window but hey- it could save you seconds. Prices are reasonable and quality for our basic dry cleaning needs (and my other half can often be more than a little messy) always is on point.
1	Based on Yelp reviews, I thought I had found my dry cleaner.  Boyyyyyy, was I wrong.  This might get lengthy, so here's the quick and dirty: shirt came back dirtier/damaged, slow turnaround time, did not do what I asked/overcharged, and kind of rude.Details:- shirt came back dirtier/damaged: I'm not sure what happened, but if you look at the picture I posted, all those grey areas are actually grey... they aren't shadows.  All the seams/hems came back blackened with the white parts dingy.  Unacceptable.- dropped off clothes Saturday 10am and wasn't ready until Tuesday after 5pm.- did not do what I asked/overcharged: When I go to a cleaner and drop something off and say "launder this"/"dryclean this," that is what I expect.  I dropped off a bunch of stuff -- some dry cleaning and several cotton button-ups and a cotton skirt to get laundered and pressed.  The clothes for laundry were normal, sturdy clothes that have been laundered numerous times before without problem.  The price quote I got over the phone was $2.75 per laundered shirt*... so imagine my surprise when I go to pick my clothing up and I was charged $6.49 for each item that I asked to be laundered. $4 more per item adds up really quickly and I was NOT happy.  I called to figure out where things went wrong... which leads to the next...- kind of rude: They told me it pretty much doesn't matter what I ask for, the cleaners decide whether something will be laundered or dry cleaned.  I find this ludicrous.  Sure, if someone asked for a delicate silk camisole to be laundered, that's one thing.  But these were, again, normal, sturdy, everyday cotton button-ups.  You can't arbitrarily decide against a customer's request without a reasonable explanation... then charge 250% of the quoted price. did they explain in a polite manner? of course not. they acted like I was the unreasonable one for expecting shirts to be laundered because I explicitly said, please launder these. They told me to come back in so we can figure out what happened.  There's no figuring out to do... it's plain and simple.  You have unreasonable policies and this is simply bad business.  You overcharge and probably hope that most people just won't say or do anything.I won't be giving Cunningham Cleaners another change.  I'm done.  Yelpers, please message me with recommendations for a GOOD dry cleaner! *for reference, the other services were also not cheap.  dry clean for a short-sleeve knit sweater, $10.49. dry clean for a suit skirt (just the skirt), $10.49.
3	Decent service; the people were nice but $70 for 7 shirts and 1 pair of pants is just obscene - don't waste your money, there are other dry cleaners who will do just as good of a job for half the price.
