5	Thanks to a very helpful concierge, we were set up to visit Hoover Dam with Detours and we coudn't be happier with the selection. Our day started with a punctual pick up in a van. Luckily for us, we were the only people despite the capacity of eight. We were immediately introduced a given ample snacks and refreshment for our excursion. Our tour guide was extremely knowledgable about the our destination and the surrounding areas. He was constantly pointing out landmarks and giving us a full history of them, and was easily able to tell us about any places we pointed out or any questions we had. He was thorough, patient, friendly and ready to talk about anything. He was ready to go with the flow to accommodate any requests and brought us places we wouldn't have any knowledge of if we decided to venture out with merely a car rental. If you are touring areas off the Strip in Nevada and are unfamiliar with the outlying areas, I would definitely recommend a tour guide to anyone and when you are looking for a tour company, this company is definitely where're one to pick.
4	Went on a tour to Bryce Canyon from las vegas a couple of months ago. The tour itself was very good and went up 8000 feet in elevation to get the main view points. The area was very scenic but I was actually a little let down by the canyon itself. The tour company was great; no issues at all.  Bryce Canyon was again very scenic but not that impressive in my opinion. I been to several national parks and considering the time and effort to get to this location from las vegas It just wasn't what I expected. The tour itself was very good and professional just my point of view I guess.
5	Fantastic trip to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon, with other fun stops along iconic Route 66. I was traveling on my own and wasn't sure which tour company to go with - glad I picked Detours. Was picked up on time by tour guide, Alan, and we only had one other couple on our trip, so plenty of room to spread out in the van. The vehicle was nice, clean and comfortable and there was a DVD player so we watched movies during the ride up and back. Alan was fantastic and was like a human wikipedia about the canyon and the Hoover Dam. This was my first trip to the Grand Canyon and it was well worth it! A few tips:- If you are getting picked up at the Venetian, note that the pick up is at the lower level of the Sands Convention Center, NOT at the taxi stand outside the hotel. - There are plenty of stops along the way to use the restroom and pick up extra snacks.- The couple on my tour paid extra for the helicopter ride into the Canyon and said it was absolutely amazing. - The trip from Las Vegas to the South Rim takes much longer than the West Rim, so plan on an all day trip - we left at 6:30 a.m. and returned around 8:30 p.m.Thanks for an amazing trip!
