4	So I've lived in the area for about 6 months now and drive by Port of Subs on a daily basis as I get off the freeway.  Never really thought to stop in because I thought it would be the same ol' sub chain type place you're used to like Subway, etc and I'm not really a fan of the chain sandwich places.  However, I came to find out that this is Subway kicked up a notch!First, I was VERY pleased to see the sticker in the window that they have a new tuna melt griller sandwich.  YUM.  That's exactly what I wanted, and it's exactly what I got.  It was quite tasty.  I'm not sure what the cheese was, but it was delish.  Plenty of tuna and put on all the fixins I wanted (like jalapenos, mmm, my mouth is watering).I loved that they had a "medium" option (small = 5 inches, medium = 8, large = 12).The line was HUGE and since this place isn't really convenient to get into (kind of an akward spot right off the freeway) I'm assuming that all their sandwiches are tasty to get that many people lining up for them.Hubby got a cold sandwich (turkey & pastrami I think?) and liked it too.Now that I know I can get tasty wiches here, I'll be a regular here for sure.Only complaint, a "little" pricey for a sub (like $6-7 for a medium) but I think it was still worth it.p.s. they have breakfast sandwiches!  Interesting...
2	I have driven past this place a million times and never stopped, so today I did.I basically was in an overpriced Subaway called Port of subs. The sub was ok, nothing special. They do not have a good variety of bread choices and none of their subs really sounded that good. I was SUPer starving, if I wasn't I probally would have left and ate somewhere else.The staff was very nice and the place was clean. I do think I will eat there again.
3	If you're looking for the freshest tasting sub sandwiches in the East Valley, this is the place to go.  Their menu consists of all the standard sub combinations you would expect to see, but their claim to fame is they actually slice the meat and cheese for your sandwich AFTER you order it....it doesn't get any fresher than that!The place is clean and the staff was inviting, and it's located right off the 202.My only complaint is the portion size of the meat and cheese is a little weak.  I typically order double-meat, double-cheese, when I order from here to make the sub taste "right" to me...and that makes it a bit pricey overall.
3	This location has the best customer service I've ever received from a Port of Subs. The veggie/avocado sub I had was pretty good but nothing to write home about. I would eat here again if I was in the area.
4	I came here today after swimming, and was starving.  I saw it on the way to the pool and stopped in after I was heading home.For starters, this port of subs has the best hours.  Every other one I've been to has closed at some ridiculously early hour.  This ones open until 8 on sundays, when others are either closed entirely or close at 4. Brownie points for being open "late."  (later then other locations)Service was quick and efficent, and my sub was delicious.  I went with the #18 and it came out great.  Love port of subs, and will be back if I'm ever on this side of town again.
5	Freaking love Port of Subs. It's all about numbers 5 and 8.
4	LOVE Port of Subs!  My favorite sub chain.  I just wish they were more conveniently located.
1	This place was a waste of time and money. There subs was way below avg.
1	No meat so thinnly sliced and the cheese was less..As the person was cutting the"cheese" i laughed..as you kidding. Well maybe it tasted good NOT..You get just bun and lettuce that is all I tasted.....but if you like bread and lettuce the pace to be...gross........... over priced try chompies for $2.00 more you get 10 times more meat!!
1	Went here today, I ordered TWO subs, they screwed up  4 times, so i walked out.  How do you screw up when you make it as i stand right there?In your quest for speed, you get the orders wrong, slow your happy asses down and get the order CORRECT, thats not asking too much......
2	Don't get me wrong, the food here is awesome. The reason this review is only 2 stars is because of the service. I have ordered pick up or delivery from this location at least 15 times during the past 2 months. The employees are nice people, but their delivery service is horrendous. Nearly every delivery has been missing 1 of 3 things. 1) The delivery person has no change for a $20. 2) They forget the chips. 3) They get your order wrong (like today, when I order the same thing every time). This is the reason I have been going elsewhere lately. Hopefully they can improve their delivery services.
4	I got the turkey avocado bacon sub 12", shits huge, I like.It's like a subway but with slighty larger portion of bread/meat.
