2	The Bojangles at Indian Land is located in a small shopping center at the intersection of US 521 and SC 160; the entrance his somewhat blocked by trees, so be careful when turning in or out of here.  The store itself is usually clean, including the drink station and restrooms; staff friendly and helpful.On my most recent visit (after 1pm), I ordered the homestyle tenders (had coupon), and the $5 2-piece combo deal (yes, lot of food here).  The homestyle tenders were pretty good, ate with the BBQ.  The biscuits were fresh and buttery.  The fries (came in the combo) were soggy and unpleasant.  The chicken was not tasty; the breading was barely on them and looked and tasted like they have been waiting all morning.  My last few trips to this location I have experienced similar with the chicken.Overall, I give it 2 out of 5 stars, comparing it with other Bojangles and to the other choices available in the area.  If it wasn't for the consistent poor quality of the chicken, this location would easily be 4 of 5 because of everything else.
1	Run, run far far away from this location. They have NEVER gotten my order right. A four piece supreme combo with season fries. With a sweat tea. ( been there 4 times and never get all of my order) beware!!!
2	This is a new location and this is my third visit.  Something is not right and I don't know other than the chicken does not taste as it does at the Bo location further north on Hwy 521.One time was a white meat meal, breast and wing.  Was wet rather than juicy and flavor lacked.  Next was three wings and two legs.  Cooked OK, but just looking at the skin and outside of the pieces was odd.  It lacked the bumps, making it smooth skin.  Maybe it just lacked sufficient coating, I'm just a consumer, not a chicken expert.Today I used a coupon to get the chicken supreme snack, which consists of four chicken tenders and a roll, plus the synthetic ranch dressing.  And there was that wetness when I bit into the pieces, but also the meat was soggy, lacking "bite."It is an immaculate facility with lots of trash cans (good), alert and prompt order taker and the displays and kitchen appear just to be just fine.  Condiment bar is clean and well stocked. Need somebody other than a new franchisee to check out the chicken preparation.  I noticed that Mark C. also commented on the breading.  Maybe we are on to something, at least a clue to be pursued. Sorry, Bo.  Just calling it as it is.
2	Painfully slow experience at the drive thru. Basically just serving one car at a time. Needs to step up coordination and order taking skills.
