5	Over the weekend I took my husband to the farmer's market to get some fresh fruits and veggies and I was excited to see the SnOw OnO truck when we pulled into the parking lot. I love snow cones and I love shaved ice even more....For those of you scratching your head and thinking 'They are the same thing' no, they are not... Snow cones use crushed ice, shaved ice is much lighter/finer. Shaved ice is more snow like then a snow cone, despite the name... SnOw OnO sells three sizes of shaved ice and you can select up to 3 flavors from a plethora of different options. They also have some premade concoctions. My husband decided to try one of these, the Rasta Mon which was pineapple, lime and tiger's blood. I decided to get my own creation with watermelon, green apple and honeydew melon. I also had a light amount of the sour spray added to mine (the spray is an additional $.50). Remember warhead candies? That is what this sour spray is like. Makes your mouth pucker (like bitter beer face, haha) but still tastes so good.We each got a small ($3) which was plenty for us to enjoy, and share. I had to try my husband's, both the pineapple and tiger's blood flavors were super good.  The person that helped us was very sweet, she gave us business cards so we can follow them on Twitter which I am definitely going to do so I can try more of the flavors...
5	Refreshing! Love, love, love their shave ice which can be topped with up to 3 flavors! I usually stick to the tropical flavors and tiger's blood. But it doesn't stop there cause once you hit the bottom theres the yummy ice cream and azuki beans on the bottom! They are usually located at the fresh 52 market on sundays on eastern x serene near the border of henderson. Its always a pleasure to see the ladies, chop it up with them and grab some shave ice, winter time or not!
5	If there's any local business worthy of an OMG, it's Snow Ono. Holy crap! I've been wanting to try them for the longest time. I'm so glad I finally made the trek down to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market on Sunday. It worked out perfectly because Sloppi Jo's was also there.Snow Ono has so many flavors, it's overwhelming. I decided to entrust my order to Marianne. Her current favorite flavor combo is Melona, Lilikoi, and Lychee, with condensed milk drizzled over the top. Let me tell you. Snow Ono Shave Ice is REDONKULOUS! There really is nothing like it. Maybe I'm just not familiar with real Hawaiian shave ice, but this is as good as it gets IMHO.My recurring sore throat had me ordering a small, but I can totally see myself scarfing down a large when the Vegas heat gets here. But I wouldn't wait if I were you. Track down Marianne and Roxanne and their magical snow bus and get some Snow Ono ASAP!
5	Have you ever had shaved ice? Me either.. until today and most definitely whoops the butt of any ice related dessert I have had in my life. There are 36 flavors and additional toppings such as condensed milk, sour spray, and azuki beans. They also offer sampling the flavors before you buy it, similar to when you buy gelato :). You can get up to 3 flavors for each order, which is great that they don't limit the flavors based on size. I had the melona and tiger's blood with condensed milk, and holy wow I don't know the origins of those flavors but mhmmm they're good. The shaved ice comes in four different sizes which are child, small, medium, large, and bowl. The sizes are really an understatement though, because every size is hugeeeee. I think it should be renamed medium, large, the small island, and the really big island. I think the child or small is great for individual and medium and up is big enough to share. I honestly don't know the difference between good shaved ice and GREAT shaved ice, but I know that the shaved ice from SnOw OnO delicately melts in your mouth very quickly like.. cotton candy.When the weather warms up I can definitely see SnOw OnO being crazy busy because of their super value and its ONOlicious (ono means delicious).  SnOw OnO is usually found at farmer's market, such as Fresh 52, Bruce Trent park, and the Garden's Park. http://twitter.com/#!/SnOwONOShaveIce for more information :)
5	SnOw OnO  is so ono!  The best shave ice I've had was in Hawaii, with all the imitators here in Vegas selling "shave ice" that has the consistency of a snow cone: chunks of hard ice that doesn't allow the flavor syrups to seep in.  Marianne of SnOw Ono starts with a block of ice, and shaves it to a fresh snow-like consistency, which allows the syrups to soak into every bite and makes for a very pleasing consistency!Speaking of syrups, there are plenty to choose from; 34 were listed on their menu today: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=BooUS55rP6XFtxwKzPOgNA  There are several add ons that you can use to customize your shave ice, some free and some available for only an additional $0.50 or $1.00.  Today I went with a small Li Hing Mui with Li Hing Mui powder: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=Gybt5eAcCrTM_VMPYnrD2w ; it was delicious!  Seriously, Marianne knows what she's doing (she's a self admitted shave ice addict, afterall!).  Definitely a place to revisit.  Be on the lookout for SnOw OnO at the local farmers markets, especially Fresh52 every Sunday!
5	Where is the 6th star rating!?  Try the shaved ice with condensed milk. No regrets. Bowl was big enough for me and 4 friends. And for the price of 4 Washington bills, it is worth a gold crown of ice chips. Groovy!
5	I had a chance to try Sno Ono at 2nd Sundays at Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. It was really yummy can't wait to take my husband. The servings are soo huge...even the kids size! I had the kids size with lychee, and cotton candy flavoring. The ice is like powder no ice chips here. I would like to try some of the add ons for next time!
5	Yummy!  Get the Marianne's special with ice cream.  It is just a combination of the syrups that Marianne likes that day and she has good taste!  But keep in mind the portion sizes are huge so get a small or even the kids size.  You won't regret it!  She has a great caramel sauce if you are feeling adventurous.
5	I love SnOw OnO! So many flavors, perfect texture, and awesome service. The best dessert value in Las Vegas!
4	Forget about the snow cones you had as a child, because these mountains of powdery ice shavings trump anything you have ever had. I first had one at the StrEAT food festival. I was not impressed with the event because being downtown is not particularly enjoyable for me. Usually my gripe is about the parking, but that night, it was about the long waits for most trucks and lack of information given to guests.Snow Ono was the saving grace of that food festival. After waiting in a few lines only to be told that they ran out of food when we got to the front, the girls here were awesome. They took our order, smiled, made small chit chat, and had that warm Hawaiian aura that I love.On top of that, there product is like eating fresh powder snow. Their tiger's blood is my favorite flavor. They allow you to customize your snow cone with three flavors and a variety of extras. Some of these include mochi bites, azuki beans, ice cream, and caramel drizzle. They have so many different types of syrups that you would not be able to try them all unless you stalk them. Sugar free is also an option for a few of their syrups.
5	Very nice owner! Great choices! First tried them at the StrEAT festival-long line and wanted to scream but it was worth it!  Now they are always near my work-score! I like the melona and tiger's blood the most. Sadly I can not have sugar and so I am looking forward to trying the good recipe for sugar free! :) Thanks!! :)
4	the ONLY shave Ice I have ever had that tastes like it does in Hawaii. So many places TRY and make it right but it never actually is. THIS PLACE does it right!! Wedding cake was my favorite flavor! mmm mmmmmmm
4	It gets expensive to fly to Oahu to go to Matsumoto's Shaved Ice.  Thankfully now I can just follow them on Twitter and drive 15-20 mins to get some great shaved ice.They have alot of the great toppings - condensed milk, azuki red beans, and ice cream.  We got the Tiger's blood and it was great.I can understand giving 5 stars because there aren't many shaved ice options in Vegas and it is still very, very good, but to me the ice didn't have the consitency of Matsumoto's....maybe it is the water or the machine they use...I have no clue.Nevertheless, this place is awesome - I'll be back.
5	Thank you finally for having Shave Ice in the mainland that is Ono, it was great to understand her story and also the catering was amazing they give you chok' scoops of ice and flavah baggah was unreal and was dakine go fo brok' da mouth....catch them wheavah the stay in vegas like that one manapua man you have to find cuz they get the best kine stuff...chee hee Mahalo...
5	Perfectly refreshing on a beautiful spring day.  Yesterday, I stopped by the Hanshiktaco Stand, and was so excited to see SnOw OnO there too! And the line wasn't bad compared to what I have read in other reviews. It took me five minutes just to read all of the flavor choices, but I went with what I was familiar with. Lychee and Mango with a drizzle of condensed milk.  Woooooohooooo!Upon first spoonful, I was transported back to Hawaii. The mountain of powder was like a spoonful of silk at every bite. It is NOT a snow cone at all. It is a lil piece of heaven. A small is only $3 and their version of small is huge!  I can't wait to try other flavors (wedding cake, dreamsicle, strawberry cheesecake) and toppings!  I wonder where they will be today...
5	Let's get on to confusions first. This is NOT a snowcone! There is a DIFFERENCE! Snowcones is like snow, rougher, uneven pieces of ice because you use the machine to crush ice into small pieces. It's kinda crunchier pieces and doesnt hold syrup as well. Shave(d) Ice is finer fluffy ice and comes from shaving off fluff from a block of ice. It holds syrup better so you get full flavor in every bite and melts the flavor into your mouth like how cotton candy would. They're the only shave ice in town, but I think I could still say it's the best. There are so many syrup flavors to choose from so there is something for everyone and they're the real deal, shipped from Hawaii syrups. There are a few sugar free options too (the consistency of the ice slightly changes with that syrup- but still amazing for those who can't do sugar!). You can pick up to 3 flavors and a "snowcap" of either chocolate, caramel or condensed milk syrup on top. Premium toppings can be added on: vanilla ice cream, azuki beans, li hing mui powder, mochi bits. The sizes are generous- a small ($3) is way more than enough for me. Vanilla ice cream ($1 more) and condensed milk is a must! My favorite flavors so far are: melon, rosewater, green tea, POG (passionfruit, orange, guava mix), lychee.Can't beat the quality, generous portions and variety for the price.Customer service is really good and friendly. Yes, I know the ladies through the Yelp so I may be biased a bit, but really- they're always so nice! What Hawaiian business isn't about hospitality though?!!It's getting hot so come and cool down with something Ono!!!
5	Great shave ice and a way more selections than I have ever seen. Apparently shave is hard to find in Vegas after it being easily available in Seattle. This brings back a lot of summer memories as a kid. The perfect summer treat and I cannot wait to chase this place down in the summer. I only had a basic shave ice with 3 flavors and sour spray; it was great and I can't wait to try a shave ice with ice cream next time. The girls in the truck are pretty hot too so they defiantly draw you in.
5	better than the ones i had in Hawaii.  IT IS NOT A SNOW CONE
5	I was lucky enough to have the Snow Ono truck in my 'hood two weekends in a row at Lee's Discount Liquor on Lake Mead, next to HanshikTaco.  Last Sunday, the line for the shave ice was long and I waited at least half an hour for my order; yesterday was much shorter, but it doesn't really matter--it's worth the wait!  Anyone who has had shave ice in Hawaii knows that it's nothing like a snow cone--the consistency is much finer and the taste that much better.  The ladies who run the truck always have smiles on their faces and treat each customer with respect and appreciate each one's patience.  This second time around I ordered a small with Tiger's Blood, Banana, mochi bits, and condensed milk--I was sad to see the bottom of the cup!  All that happiness for only $3.50--I can already see this becoming a weekly addiction that I will not be ashamed of.  Aloha!
5	i am really shocked at how many people have reviewed snow ono. These girls are always sweethearts and serve up one hell of an addiction. You can always find out where they are gonna be by following their twitter account. my son really loves the snow cones here. and me well i would not be giving them a five star if the product they were offering was not legit. stay thirsty my friends!
5	Any shave ice shop that offers a delicious Tiger Blood flavor, is "winning!" in my eyes. After seeing this place as the #1 "Resturaunt" on Yelp this morning, I hurried out to find something edible for lunch in the area and then hopped on over to the girls in the SnOw OnO truck.One word: YUM. Alongside Tiger Blood, I also tried Wedding Cake and Cotton Candy. Absolutely delicious. Wedding Cake is especially good with the sweetened condensed milk they suggested - although I chose not to have them coat the whole thing as it was fairly hot today and to me, milk doesn't mix well with heat.Their unusual toppings are also something I've never seen offered before, possibly because the only exposure I have had to shave ice has been at the occasional half-assed summer festival in Vegas. I chose mochi bits for $.50, but I was intrigued by the sour spray they offer as a free add-on. The cups they give you are adorable as well - very reminiscent of flower petals and fit in my cup holder just fine.On top of the outstanding shave ice, the service was incredible - I can't tell you how many times I was told "Thank you for coming" and asked questions about how I liked what I ordered, how I heard about them, etc. -- and offered to add more syrup or toppings if I liked. The service alone would be enough to be a repeat customer of a mediocre shave ice shop, however luckily they are stellar in every way possible.I will definitely be going back and recommending it to my friends. GO NOW! You won't regret it.
5	Yummy. This is a new favorite!! The texture of the shaved ice is so fluffy and light. There are so many flavors to choose from. The tigers blood is so good!!! A mixture of strawberry and watermelon I think. Get the condensed milk on the top...makes it so creamy. Too bad they don't come close to my house but so worth the drive. The small is huge by the way, and you can get three flavors in each bowl.
5	I have been to Snow Ono twice. I have greatly enjoyed my shaved ice both times. Both times I gt Tiger's blood on half and one other flavor (one time strawberry the other time cherry), azuki beans, and li hing mui powder. It's sooo good. Not sure how to describer li hing mui powder other than a flavor-enhancer/umami. I tend to accidentally in hale some of it when I eat my shaved ice which makes me cough, but still really like it.
5	If u know shave ice -- and I mean, shave ice..like da kine from Hawaii (pidgeon coming out) -- then, you know that this is LEGIT!!!!!Ice is suuuuuuuuuuper soft. Not no ice chunks or bits but, just melts in your mouth goodness. And they have the best flavors! Just to name a few: POG (passion orange guava), horchata (with cinnamon sprinkled on there), wedding cake, king's cake, AND tiger's blood. HAHA #WINNINGThis stuff is perfect for the Summer heat we about to have in Vegas. And something I could still prolly go for in Winter.
5	I am so glad that there is a Hawaiian shaved ice truck here in Las Vegas.  Going to food truck gatherings, especially when the weather is getting warm, it is a godsend to be able to hit up the SnOw OnO Shave Ice truck and order a bowl (largest size available) of shaved ice to cool your insides.For those that are not familiar with SnOw OnO, you can order up to 3 different flavors for your shaved ice out of their menu of 30+ flavors.  You also have different add-ons that can be selected for free (sour spray, condensed milk, plum powder, etc) and others you can upgrade with for a nominal price (scope of vanilla ice cream $1, red beans, mochi bits) to customize your shaved ice into your personal favorite.My favorite flavors thus far are lilikoi, lychee, and mango.  But you should try whatever flavors that catches your eyes or ask the lovely ladies of SnOw OnO to make something up for you.Tips:  At food truck gatherings, try to hit up SnOw OnO early, as the line can get pretty long on hot days.  If the line is long, place your order, go get some food from another truck and come back to wait for your order to be made.  No need to stand around in line waiting for your number to be called.Service:  5/5  Always service with a smile.Taste:  5/5  Yes, it is flavored syrup on shaved ice, but it is real shaved ice!
5	I love this place!  They have so many different flavors and the price is really reasonable.  I like to order mine with ice cream.  The only gripe I have is that they haven't figured out how to be more efficient and often I have waited 45 minutes for my shaved ice after I've ordered.
5	The  best hawaiian shave ice in Vegas.
5	I'm definitely not a shaved ice expert, but one thing I do know, is this stuff is tasty and goes oh so well with tequila :) A few weeks ago I attended a meetup at Lee's Discount Liquor for Tacos & Tequila. There were 6 different tequilas to taste, but no chasers :0 So after my first taste I was about to go inside Lee's to solve the issue and then I saw SnOw OnO, my savior. I got a small pineapple and tossed in a couple tiny shots of tequila and BINGO, YUMMY! Next time I'm going to have to try the Tiger's Blood (which they named before the Charlie Sheen incident) and I guess I'll have to bring my own tequila :)))
5	Great food truck!  Shave ice as good as Hawaii.  Heck, they even offer sweetened condensed milk on top and azuki beans as an add-on.  They also offer a bunch of great flavors.  My personal favorite is Tiger's Blood (not made from real tigers).  The ladies are also great at helping you decide on flavor combinations and additions.  The bad part is that it IS a food truck so you have to hunt them down, but that's also part of the fun!
5	I had my first experience with SnOw OnO today at the fresh52 farmer's market and I was amazed. Great flavor, perfect shaved ice, and great value. Can't wait to come back!
5	This may be the best shaved ice in the Las Vegas valley.  I have been looking for a place that has really good shaved ice in Las Vegas after trying the Get Shaved Ice truck in the Los Angeles area.  I haven't been to Hawaii yet, so I can't really comment on the authenticity of it, but from what I tasted, I hope I won't be disappointed when I do go to Hawaii.The quality of the shaved ice is as good as it gets.  It is like powdery snow, and melts in your mouth almost instantaneously, unlike some of the iced chipped imitation "shaved ice".They have a lot of flavors to choose from as well as some combo items if you can't pick just one flavor.  The price is pretty reasonable and the portions are pretty big.The workers are really friendly and their service matches their personality.  I am definitely looking forward to following this truck as the summer season in Las Vegas is approaching and this type of treat will be needed.
5	Saw that the shave ice truck was going to be at Fresh 52 Farmers Market so I  headed on over there. It was busy afternoon for sure but I was willing to wait cause oh how I miss shaved ice from Hawaii!Service - Excellent! They treat you like Ohana!  When I ate that first spoonful I'm telling you, Sno Ono didn't disappoint.  This is da real thing! Powdery soft melt in your mouth take you back to da islands kinda shave ice.   I was happy to see they had Lychee! So I had Lychee, Blue Hawaiian and Guava w/ condensed milk and not a small cup,  not the large one, but the bowl!   Oh so ONOlish!
5	Well alrighty. So we were yelping this truck all week at work to see when it was gonna be closer for us and we were def. excited when we went. Lil farmers market up in summerlin side and i must say im impressed. The staff here was suuper friendly and very quick. As busy as they might be theres still very quick with there orders not to mention there shave ice is awesome. They have a TON of flavors and if your unsure of what some of the flavors are they will gladly explain any questions you may have. The prices are very fair and the portions are good sized.Coming from hawaii, shave ice is a staple for snacks after a long day hiking or at the beach so coming here to LV it was nice to find flavors of home.
5	THE BEST SHAVE ICE IN THE LAS VEGAS!!! Its just like hawaii shave ice!! They have lots of flavors u can choose from!! Also different kind of tops too!! The Best service!! Love the girls who work there!! Not to be mistake for a snow cone with is crushed ice!! LOVE THIS LITTLE BUS!!! SNOW ONO U THE BEST!! WHOO HOO
5	Makes me feel like I'm in Hawaii again.  The best shave ice in the mainland.  All others should be considered snow cones, psssh knockoffs!  Lol.  Like in say most of my favorite food trucks, I wish they came to the southwest area at least once a week.  Ono fa'sho!
5	Im fairly new to the food truck scene but OMG! Im totally addicted and cant get over how happy me and the family are with finding this truely amazing truck!! Not only is the customer service fantastic but the shave ice (with vanilla ice cream underneath) melts in your mouth. They offer a wide range of syrups, toppings, and even like I said before the vanilla ice cream under all the yummy goodness! We frequent the truck Tues & Fridays now...its now my hubbys goal to try everything on the menu at least once!LOL I just cant say enough about the friendly service and wonderful shave ice!! Now what are you waiting for?? Go out and find Snow Ono you most def wont be disappointed!
4	Caught these guys at Food Truck Fest 2 and they were delicious!  A relief from the heat in the Costco lot and with flavors like Wedding Cake and Creamsicle I was in love.  Plus, muy cheap!
4	I drove all the way across town during my week in Vegas just to try this shaved ice place out. We caught up with them at a little farmer's market and I got a bowl with coconut, watermelon, and cotton candy. It was good, but definitely not the best I've ever had. Still glad I drove over to try it out.
5	Just had to try this place out yesterday. Back home in Atlanta, we had a few trucks and shops that sold New Orleans style snowballs, amazing treats of shaved ice and syrup. :) I had pretty much despaired of finding anything similar this far away, but I heard about Snow Ono. I messaged them and they said yes, this is pretty much the same thing. I finally managed to drag my boyfriend out of the house yesterday to go try it, and yes, it's just about the same! Snow Ono has made a VERY happy southern girl. We tried the green tea and the dreamcycle. My boyfriend thought the green tea just a little too sweet, but I loved it, and the dream cycle as well. Next time we're getting the small though, large is massive!
4	I discovered this place during my trips to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market (Eastern & Silverado Ranch area).  Love it!  There is always a line and for good reason!  The prices are great, the sizes are HUGE, and the ladies are always nice (note: if there are guys that work here too I am sorry! I have only ever seen ladies).Why 4 instead of 5?  Sometimes it can be a little slow even if there is not a line.  Come on - it's shaved ice and you have a machine!  But other than that, wonderful wonderful wonderful.What to order: Kids' size coconut with condensed milk.  I think this is $2?  It's wonderful and I barely finish each time because their portions are so huge.P.S. - Be careful of patrons who buy this and do not watch themselves (or their delicious shaved ice!).  I have stepped in many a sticky spot near the truck due to this.  -:(
5	We love these girls and we love their shaved ice!SnOw OnO has been on our radar since the first mention of their truck and we finally got around to trying them a few months ago!  Boy, are we glad we did!For the Husband and I, we usually share a large with ice cream added.  Our favorite flavors are POG (Passion, Orange, Guava), Mango, Tiger's Blood, and Melona.  But there are still so many we have yet to try! They use those plastic flower cups (that are recyclable) that are often used in Hawai'i.  We think their version is powdery soft, just like Waiola's!  They have about 40 (give or take) flavors of syrups to choose from and you're allocated three for your shaved ice choice.  They also have sugar-free varieties too!Customer service - these girls are super nice!  Not only do they do their best to remember you, but they make a point to thank you for coming by again and again.  (And you actually feel like they really mean it too!)  On our first visit, they made sure we had enough syrup for our shaved ice and if we didn't, to let them know so they could add more.  This the real deal here!  No snow cone action!  Just real island style shaved ice!  The President would be proud!  If he can't make it home and has to stay on the mainland, he knows where to go now!  This truck will be waiting!Prices:Kids size $2Small $3Large $4Bowl $5$1 extra for ice cream, mochi, or azuki beansFree for snow cap with condensed milk, chocolate, caramel, sour spray, or li hing powder. Check out their website for their weekly schedule.  For the most part, they are pretty steady on certain days, but private and special events mix it up a bit!
5	Ok, I've only had it once, but I'm hooked!Like everyone says, its not a gross snow cone.  Its shaved ice.  Almost like snow... like good packing snow.  (if you're from the Midwest, you know what I am talking about!)I had a small (which was enough for 2 people!).  I had strawberry and melona (honeydew melon) with ice cream on the bottom and a snow cap.  A snow cap is condensed milk.  Total price: $5.I placed my order and waited about 15-20 minutes for the tasty treat.  There were a TON of families that placed like 6 orders at a time.  I didn't mind as I walked around to the other trucks- Tasty Bunz, LuLu's and Grouchy John's just to see what they had going on.I heard my number called and went to the window.  Sure with the red and green color my shaved iced was screaming MERRY CHRISTMAS and who cares- it was DELICIOUS!  I ate the entire thing, minus two bites that my husband was able to get in.  I definitely enjoyed this shaved ice and am excited to track them down again!
5	I got the chance to try this place out at the Vegas Streats event last week. Its was more than I expected. Its not just shaved ice, its a cool, silky, flavor adventure. Its like they are serving clouds plucked straight out of the sky on a cool winter afternoon. When I took the first bite, it was like I bit into a York Peppermint Patty, and I had the sensation I was skiing down Mt. Charleston in some board shorts. Seriously though, this place is awesome. Try all the flavors. I sure am going to try to.
5	Nothing bad to say, cheap snowcones and whatever you want you get it!! Mmmmm good with this Las Vegas hot weather!!
5	We (me, my hubby and our 7 year old) love these ! Truth be told I a a Crystal Light Slurpee whore and my goodness if these came with sugar-free falvors I would find them daily...  However we manage about one a week and I tend to take a spoonful of my daughters...SO YUMMY!
5	Ya it's super delicious, like eating a frozen sweet cloud. The secret is to get it covered in condensed milk, try peach with condensed milk, tastes like those gummy peach rings, but better.They cater too, we had them come and park outside our house for our baby shower and it was a very reasonable price and was a huge crown pleaser.   Oh ya they are extremely friendly too.  Expect to wait a bit, the ice is shaved by hand, but it's worth it.
5	So yesterday I decided to treat myself. Just because it was a Wednesday...oh and it was 108 degrees outside and I was melting away. I knew I wanted my treat myself with something fruity and ice cold. So one thing came to mind.SnOw OnO! What a great choice indeed. Such a choice I would high five myself. SnOw OnO is a truck full of pure 808 shaved ice deliciousness. I was hesitant to try SnOw OnO because Hawaiian Shaved Ice is possibly my favorite thing to eat when I am in Hawaii. SnOw OnO did not disappoint! I got the Onolicious (strawberry, blue Hawaiian, pineapple) with a snow cap on top. Whats a snow cap you ask? It is sweet condensed milk splashed on top of your shaved ice.  Don't knock it till you try it my friends.They also have excellent customer service. I accidentally ordered a large which is practically like size of my head ( they are gracious with their servings.) and I knew it was too big for one girl to eat I asked to go down a size and with their positive aloha attitude  told me it was no problem and gave me a refund for he large I originally bought and made my shaved ice with a smile and sent me with away with a happy look on my face and nice "mahalo." Now I will give you this tip. SnOw OnO has a big following so don't be surprised if you wait 30 mins for a delicious cool treat. I'll tell you though it is definitely worth the wait.
5	Yum!! Best shaved ice ever! I've stopped at this truck a few times, and get the same flavor, Wedding Cake. It is amazing. They sure do give you a lot for the price. 3 bucks for a small is a great deal!! The small, isn't small, it is the perfect size. Maybe next time when I catch them out I will try a different flavor!
5	YUM I love Snow Ono. The girls are super cool and sweet! Their shaved ice is definitely different from the ones I am used to having. Instead of crunchy and chunky ice, its pure snow... super soft!!!  They also have tons of flavors and not are overpowering with sugar. Marianne, the owner, really takes pride in her shaved ice. Although it made take some waiting, its worth it, especially when its like over 100 degrees outside! My favorite is the horchata, king cake, lilokoi, and orange dreamsicle..... oh so many to choose from!!!!!! Great job ladies!!!! Love you Marianne & Roxanne!!!!
5	My experience started this way:45 seconds, bicycle crunches,45 seconds, inch worms,Sprint to the line......etc, etc.You got it, I was in boot camp at 6pm with 100-degree, "dry" heat.  What better way to wet my whistle at 7 than Snow Ono Shaved Ice that just happened to be in the same park?With probably 30+ flavors and free mix-ins, like condensed milk and caramel syrup (ice cream is extra), Snow Ono is a divine experience.I had the amply-sized small for $4 with Watermelon, Lime and Blue Hawaii.  What came out looked like a colored mess of goodness not that different from an ordinary snow cone, but what I tasted was anything but a snow cone.  You can't compare it with any other shaved ice and syrup experience because, unlike the Slurpee, Slushee, Icee or Snow Cone, the ice is so fine that the syrup forms an almost non-Newtonian fluid with it - stable enough that I could drive, but instantly liquid in the mouth.  Unlike the others as well, the shaved ice and syrup are so perfectly blended that you never get to the bottom and find unflavored ice.  What you do get is a little bit of crusty ice around the edges that adds a different texture and adds to the refreshment overall.I certainly look forward to next Wednesday's Boot Camp because until then I'll only have water to cool me down.
5	I am a "snow cone" snob.  I grew up in Hawaii where we call it shave ice because it is quite literally ice shaved so thin it's like snow.  There is a significant textural difference between what people perceive snow cones to be and what shave ice is.  The texture of the ice and the flavor of the syrup really makes a difference!  Having lived in Vegas for over 10 years I have been unable to find anything that matches the beloved Matsumotos and Aokis from the North Shore of Hawaii.Until now.Snow Ono is incredible!  I had heard there was a Hawaiian shave ice truck here in Vegas and immediately had to find out the who, what, where, when.  Following her on Twitter makes it easy to figure out where the truck is and when at any given time.The shave ice is the bomb!  It comes in four sizes - Kiddie, Small, Large, and Bowl.  You can choose up to 3 flavors - there are over 30 to choose from including local favorites POG, Li Hing Mui, and Lilikoi.  Ice cream, azuki beans and mochi are extra but there are free toppings such as sweetened condensed milk (snow cap), Li Hing Mui powder, and a sour spray.  The price is very reasonable considering the portions are incredible - we have had the Large $5 and the Small $4.  Long story short - they make onolicious shave ice and I will be seeking them out this hot Vegas summer!
5	A fantastical experience for your sweet buds!  I haven't had this since the Truck Fest at Costco.  Just stumbled upon it on, YELP, of course.  Now I gotta hit up the farmer's market TONIGHT so I can get me some.  (Stalker mode on.)
5	This place tastes amazing. Youd be crazy not to try it. Smooth and flavorful, totally worth it!! Try condensed milk topping.... excellent on anything!!
5	This is Vegas, where the shade is 127 degrees celsius and people burst into flames when the sun comes out. OK, maybe it's not *that* hot, but let's face it, even the nights are hot and, the past few days, humid! Ugh!SnOw OnO is a welcome treat from the heat. Great for adults, kids, and the kids inside our heads; it's a cool way to cool off!The flavors run the gamut and go from fruity to tart to sweet and creamy. Mix them up and add a topping or two for even more variety (the condensed milk reminds me of snow cones in Austin!)! Keep in mind that they change things up to keep it fresh, so keep an eye out for new flavors and old favorites. My current favorite is blackberry, mango and a little coconut with the condensed milk topping. A bit of happiness for 80 percent of the taste buds!The portions are huge and the staff are friendly, even when faced with a crowd (we've had a 30 minute wait before, that's how amazing they are!) of hot, melty patrons.
5	The line was long as hell, But that was due to the Vegas Streatz event. Now on to the review. After the 30 min wait i finally got to enjoy My large Strawberry Shortcake with the condensed milk. Ohhh How thee was so delicious on a warm semi muggy night. The girls check to make sure you ordered the right thing once your number is called. And NO ITS NOT A Snow Cone. This is much more classier and upscale. Hopefully we shall meet again.
5	I had my first experience with Snow Ono today and it will NOT be the last.  It was so yummy and refreshing.
5	Finally FINALLY had a chance to sample shave ice, the oh-so-elusive icy treat...at least in my eyes.  Shave ice, not shaveD ice, is the connoisseur's Slurpee....powdery ice that is the receptacle for all kinds of lovely flavoured syrups....melts in your mouth and sometimes all over your hands!  Portions are generous: kiddie size for $3, small for $4, large for $5, and a bowl for $6.  One can choose 3 flavoured syrups from a list of 30+ and top one's ice with free toppings.  I had a simple and elegant :) cherry and grape small shave ice and my husband had the "spicy mamacita," an adventurous blend of mango, tamarind, sour spray, and chile con limon (pepper flakes).  Aloha FLAVOUR.  I loved how each mouthful was flavoured ice and not ice that tried to have flavour (a la snow cones with their huge -- by comparison -- chunks of ice).  A perfect way to cool off in the Vegas heat.
5	OHHHHHH EMMMMMMM GEEEEEEE..I finally had SnOw OnO about 3 weeks ago when they came to my job..Not only did I get a lil quick break from work, but it was soooo DEELISH! It's now one of my favorite things. The strawberry shortcake w/condensed milk and mochi is beyond words. 5 Stars doesn't even describe how great it is! They should get the ultimate stars!! I'm hooked!
5	I cannot stress enough how friendly these girls are! Being from an islander culture myself, it was such a breath of fresh air to have stateside hospitality. In addition to their beautiful spirits, the shave ice was out of this world!!! I had the Upside-down (pineapple, vanilla & coconut w/condensed milk) & it was delectable. The consistency of the ice is what makes it so amazing. It's not chunky - super fine & fluffy like a cloud of ice. It's powdery almost - imagine biting into actual snow. Also, the consistency allows the flavoring to permeate all of the ice. I'm sure you've had a traditional snow cone that runs out of flavor quickly due to the syrup being watered down by the large chunks of ice. This is absolutely not the case with this shaved ice - the flavor is never compromised by the ice & there are so many flavor combinations to choose from. The shaved ice I'm accustomed to from the Virgin Islands is called fraco. It's delicious, but the ice isn't as fine as SnO OnO's because it's actually shaved by hand. I am so elated to have found this place! Fraco is one of the main things I craved from St. Thomas, but was never able to have it here in Vegas. Now, I'm able to have an even better version of island flavor on the mainland! (please understand the previous statement is very strong because islanders are wicked loyal to their roots - SnOw OnO is THAT awesome!) I look forward to trying all of the different flavors & I'll definitely be stalking this truck on a regular basis! Maholo :-D
4	This was my first experience with a shaven ice truck anywhere and boy did it ever live up to it's name!! It didn't taste like any ordinary shaven ice but more like shaven-ICE-cream! For my first experience I tried a kid size (which was huge) half dreamsicle, half tigersblood topped with condensed milk and mochi bites. It was delicious!!! Wait did I mention I drove to the other side of town (from Henderson to summerlin) to meet them at the farmers market and waited in line for 30mins!!! Well worth it though and a perfect summertime treat ;D
5	Discovered this little truck during the Vegas StrEATS fest and it did NOT disappoint!  The wait was like 45 minutes, but so worth it.This isn't snow cone land, the ice consistency is smooth and sleek. It's a different texture.The Large is $5 and the Regular is $4.You can choose up to 3 flavors per Shave Ice. They have approximately 30+ flavors to choose. From classics like cherry and bubblegum (regular and blue) to traditional Hawaii flavors, to several types of cakes. Some add ons like ice cream and sour spray and other stuff I don't recall are only .50 to $1 to add. Condensed milk is free (if you've never had condensed milk on a snowy treat, do it; you are welcome). They have a Twitter so you can find them on the go and webpage they update! Definitely check it out. One of the cheapest and tastiest ways to beat the Summer heat in Vegas!
5	Just deliciously smooth and flavorful, there isn't much more to say about this place because it's uncomparable to any competition out here in Vegas. Definitely give it a shot and don't forget the condensed milk on top of the soft pillows of ice.
5	Mind boggling choices of flavors. But they are all good! Mix and match and prepare for brain freeze!  Perfect now that the weather is HOT!  Nice and friendly people. Not snow cones as most of you from the mainland are familiar with.  The ice is shaved meaning a blade actually shaves a block of ice.  This leaves the texture more fluffy and holds the syrup more efficiently so it doesn't  sink all to the bottom.
5	It's ((((('SnOw jOke!')))))  There's ice here in the desert!  Yessssah!  We couldn't believe it either until we stumbled upon SnOw OnO Shave Ice Truck, right here in our neighborhood!  We hit up Summerlin Farmer's Market at Gardens Park a couple of Tuesdays ago, and there it was...gleaming in all its icy cold beauty...the shave ice food truck!  We couldn't believe our eyes!  It had dawned on my husband that this was the very shave ice truck that his colleague had mentioned a few days earlier.  We had to try their ice.Sure enough, as the guy in the truck puts it, their ice is shaved most similar to Waiola's.  I'd say they are very similar to Koko Nuts in Koko Marina too!  The kids had their usual, rainbow flavahz, strawberry (or cherry), banana, and vanilla, while my husband and I tried their blood orange and mango, a favorite also of one of the ladies in the truck.  Shaved ever so delicately, their ice melts in your mouth faster than it can in this 100+ heat!  Their syrups selection is great!...too much for me to remember.  I guess we will have to return again, and again, and again...!The truck staff is uber friendly and their service is exemplary of how a small shave ice business should run itself here in this desert heat!  It's good to know that they strive for the best and most friendly service (that I have ever experienced), despite the known fact that it's way too easy for just about anyone to lure heat-stroked customers with just sweet, sweet thirst-quenching shave ice!  SnOw OnO just does it all with their service with a smile!  (^_^)*Mahalo SnOw OnO for your friendly island service!!!  We will see you again soon!  \\m//
5	Best shaved ice ever.  Nothing like the usual snow cones with the crunchy ice that loses flavor.  This stuff just melts in your mouth and I seriously will drive across town just to eat it.  They come in really big sizes so the small is definitely enough for 1 or 2 people.
5	I recently checked out the Food Truck Festival in Las Vegas and was delighted this truck made an appearance.  The title of the truck alone clued me in these folks were the real mccoy.  Having dated a girl from Hawaii, I learned that Hawaiians call it shave ice, not shaved ice, although the grammatical inconsistency still baffles me.  I guess one could argue popcorn should be popped corn, but I digress...  The other word I learned is that ono means "delicious" in Hawaii, although it may as well be your last words when you realize you've already eaten the entire bowl and there's none left (Oh Nooooooooo!!!). It's the perfect dessert for the vegas summer since it is refreshingly sweet and they have a million combinations ranging from tropical (mango and lychee) to the decadent (wedding cake, red velvet) to the bizarre (afraid of what "Tiger Blood" tastes like).  I went with the lychee shave ice and added some mochi balls and azuki beans.  The ice is definitely velvety smooth without the choppiness of snow cones and they managed to distribute the syrup evenly throughout the bowl so that every bite is consistent.  Mochi balls had the right amount of chew for contrast in texture and azuki beans added some depth and color.   Sweet condensed milk and vanilla ice cream were other options, but I was already dangeously close to approaching a diabetic coma, so my only recommendation would be to request them to go easy on the syrup, but then again, my sweet tooth is a bit on the subtle side.
5	This is the best SHAVE ICE ever.  It's important to note that this is not snow cones.  It's better.  It's shave ice and it holds the flavors better.  I hired the truck to come to my kids birthday party and it was a smashing hit.  All the kids loved it.  I'll definitely be using them again for another party soon.
3	It was good, much less syrup would have made it great and not having to wait 30 minutes after we ordered it to finally eat it would have been a huge plus!!!
5	I love Snow Ono Shave Ice!!! They have a lot of flavors and the ice melts in your mouth. I keep coming back for more.
5	Been anticipating to try this Shave Ice that many rave about... It was a humid night at Tommy Rocker's and instead of trying this first... we saved it until the very end. It was close to midnight when we ordered a large Tiger Blood, Horchata, and Lychee flavored shaved ice with add ons of mochi bits, ice cream, and condensed milk. Half way of making our order we were told they ran out of ice cream and received a refund for that. We were crushed by the news, since I was told by a great food source that I must get these flavors with mochi bits, condensed milk and the ice cream. Quite disappointed, but what can you do.. I know... try this truck first, then go eat the other food trucks next time.My brother was ecstatic as can be when he first took a bite of this shaved ice. Actually he was head over balls for it! He shouted out and into the truck... "this is the Best! I'm so happy to be here!!!" He claims the taste was still great without the ice cream and for the musky weather.. it was perfect to have one of these to cool off your senses. I took a bite of each flavor and they taste true to its name. Horchata was wonderful and felt like I was actually having one, but with shaved ice. They even sprinkle cinnamon on top, like the real thing! Lychee was refreshing and with the bite of smooth, velvety shaved ice.. it was definitely a real, juicy treat. Now for the name Tiger Blood... the color was a fiery red and the taste... well I honestly couldn't describe it, but it was good. It didn't have a strong bite to it, but you can definitely taste it. I just love the color! The mochi bits gave the shaved ice some excitement and texture... they were fresh and soft. I enjoyed the slight marshmallow feel, it gave in my mouth.After taking a few bites... I thought out loud that this is a lot and attempted to take the rest home, so my Mother could try it. So I took off and with my right hand holding the shaved ice and the other on the steering wheel.. I almost did an illegal left turn on Dean Martin Dr., but on the corner of my eyes, I saw a bike cop... so braked and changed my signal to right. Bike cops are notorious to pulling you over for anything and everything, so beware!!! So I turned right and got in the middle lane to make a u-turn, but wasn't successful in completing it.. I literally had to reverse then turn my steering wheel then put it back to drive to make the u-turn.. All while holding this shaved ice cone haha I had five cars racing down like mad bulls my way and I maneuvered everything just in time to not get hit by one. Thank goodness I'm both handed!!! Dashing away and looking like Statue of Liberty, I finally made it home to give my Mother the shaved ice that was still intact and not melted. She loved it! This Hawaiian shaved ice concept is such a brilliant idea to have... especially in the hot summer nights and after a long, hard day at work. We were all pleased with this delightful, powdery ice dessert. They even cater for Birthday parties, Weddings, and any Celebration!!! My brother loved it so much he's even wanting to book them for his Birthday Extravaganza! We'll definitely come back to try it with ice cream... Very kind people that run this truck. Many flavors to choose from, even sugar-free kinds, and great add ons to customize your taste buds. You can have up to three flavors/syrups and be flower powered by this shaved ice cup... it's so kawaii!!! aka cute.Follow da Real deal and get cooled off by one of these delicious creations. Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy. This could possibly make you skip back to my car after having one or two or three!
5	I've been meaning to try this place for weeks! "Da schedule" is on their website which makes it really easy to find there they are at. I went with a kid's size..$3! Not bad. It's definitely plenty.. The upside down is delish! Pineapple, Coconut with sweetened condensed milk.. Such a great dessert for hot Vegas! My boyfriend got the Hot Mamacita which was good too..Tamarind, Mango and chili powder.. not a fan of chili powder but the rest was bangin! Reminded me of the Mango with chili powder carts in the Chi.. A must try!
5	Was in Las Vegas this past week in the 100+degree weather...  I've had authentic Shave Ice in Oahu before and I tell ya, not one of them even came close to da "ONOLICIOUS-KINE" shave ice that we had at Snow Ono's Shave Ice.  My wife and I had da Melona & P.O.G shave ice which was suggested by owner Jon and Boy was it 'ONO-ONO"... I highly recommend and suggest who comes out to the desert of Las Vegas to make it a point to find the Snow Ono's mobile truck and have a taste of da Islands in da hot lands...  We Loved it... Mahalo Nui Loa Jon and Marianne!!! Cheee Huuuuu!!! :-DHere is their website folks:http://snowonoshaveice.com/da-schedule/
5	Snow Ono is by far the perfect summer treat.  Four visits this summer and my fav is cherry, pineapple with sour spray on the cherry only .  The strange thing is every time i have Ono shaved ice, i miss Hawaii  ( as in North Shore and eating shaved ice. ) That's all i've got to say !
5	There isn't a better and more refreshing dessert in town than the shaved ice of SnOw OnO. I'm not lying when I tell you I've had 3 of these in a single night! The thing is though when you get your chance to try one, you better jump on it because the line is always around the corner! It's worth it though. I'm actually a little sad that I don't get to have this shaved ice more.If I'm lucky I'll get to have 1 or 2 this weekend... crossing my fingers.Seriously though summer isn't over yet people... get this shaved ice inside of you!
5	Sooo good. Love tigers blood. Winning!
4	From what I've heard, it's the best place to get shaved ice here in Vegas. I know they're pretty active as a truck, only having Monday's off for Oana time or whatever the islanders name their lazy off-days.it's quick to order but it takes time to get your treat. People often underestimate how long it takes. You order right away, but may have to wait 15-20 for your shave ice.other than that, it's pretty perfect! Don't forget to order a scoop of vanilla ice scream for a dollar more. It makes a wonderful base for your shave ice treat!
5	It really is "da Real deal"!!! I would have one everyday if I could!  Even when it gets 58 degrees outside I imagine I will STILL be craving some SnOw! Every flavor combination is heaven!! DON'T FORGET TO ICE CAP! The condensed milk & caramel give it that extra special touch! Everyone at the truck is always super sweet! Follow them on Twitter to get updates on their schedule.
2	uhmm..not as good as I've had in Maui...read http://www.yelp.com/biz/ululanis-hawaiian-shave-ice-lahaina#hrid:REo7Fn1eRPxv_dCTD4X32A/src:selfSyrup did not penetrate more than one-third into the mountain of shave ice. But I should mention that they offered to put in more syrup if requested. But the flavor also did not do it for me. Be sure to order the ice cold water with your shave ice if you try this truck..you'll thank me later.
5	Often imitated but never duplicated it's the original 808 shave ice booooooy!  People call me silly and some even call me Mac Miller cause I'm always double thumbs up (google him if you don't know)  but in the end I only get cherry because it's my favorite and that's just how I roll. I know I know pretty plane jane but hey I know I'm not alone on this one. However, for those of you who are more adventurous than I, say like my girlfriend who hasn't missed a flavor on that truck. Then you could enjoy all the greatest things this glorious truck has to offer and here are a few: sweet condensed milk( you know they call this snow capped), caramel, chocolate, mochi, azuki beans, chile con limon, sour spray and a few more that I can't remember.  More flavors than anyone can eat in one day so I advise eating 2 smalls on each visit with 2 flavors on each shave ice even though you could get up to 3 or more if you would like but I think sticking with 2 smalls and 2 flavors each time, like cherry and lime or lime and lemon would get the job done as well ans would leave you very happy and more on your way to a favorite combo of your own. The best thing about this shave ice is that it's "NOT" a snow cone. I repeat it's "NOT" a snow cone it's literally shave ice and when you eat this ice it's like eating a freshly fallen snow flake except one snow flake isn't  enough so they pilled a bunch into a cup and poured great flavors on top and it's delicious. I like to eat mine layer by layer as I run the spoon up the side of the shave ice peeling off a little bit of that glorious ice at a time. Warning: If your looking for chunks of ice in your shave ice than this is not the place for you because they only serve the finest shave ice in Las Vegas. Also, the staff has always been very nice and filled with many smiles. Hope this review doesn't fall all blind eye's  and sorry for the length I thought it was needed  to show just how good this place is. Your Welcome,  The Vegas Villain
5	I had SnOw OnO from when their truck came to UNLV. They were giving away free shaved ice to students who had voted in the UNLV student government elections. I was imagining a product like a snow cone... something icy and filled with really sweet and artificial flavors. This was not it. The ice was powdery and it had the consistency of snow as opposed to ice. The flavorings tasted real and not artificial. It's what a snow cone should be. If you have the opportunity to try their products, go for it!I had blue hawaiian which had a lovely coconut flavor that wasn't overpowering, and I also had the green apple which was tart without being too tart. They have mastered the art of their flavorings. Next time, I'm definitely going to try their red velvet cake flavor.
5	I got to try Snow Ono finally when they came to a movie in the park event in my neighborhood. First of all... push for more of these, it was really fun! Second of all... delicious. I got a small cone (which was GIGANTIC, by the way....) with three flavors (mango, blue hawaii, green apple), and a free add-on of sour spray.I usually hate snow cones because they're all grainy and then when they melt, it's like you're eating pure sugar, but I really loved this. It was SNOW. it was eating snow. Like, when my friends made snow-garitas when we a had a blizzard last year in Pennsylvania, that is the consistency i am thinking of.The flavors weren't syrupy either. I was afraid of that when I saw them pouring the syrup onto the snow, but it was fresh and delicious!Loved it! Great value, delicious (not) snow cone!
5	This place is SO amazing! My best friend + I got a free cup when we voted in the student elections & OMGHHKP it was amazing!!!! The ice is shaved so finely, it's like cocaine. The flavors we on point and were so good on a hot day. The only problem was they put lemon instead of lime on mine when I asked for lime :(
5	Until we went to Hawaii we never understood all the hype on shaved ice.  We always thought of a snow cone that has cheap sugary syrup and crunchy crushed ice.  Boy, were we wrong...went on vacation to Honolulu and had Matsumoto's Shaved Ice and the Ice Garden.  [Note: a snow cone should in no way ever be compared to shaved ice].  The ice is shaved so fine that it appears snow like and the flavors and toppings are insane.  We were sad when returning to the mainland knowing that we would have to wait until our next trip back (who knows how long that will be) to have this delicious treat.   That was until we found Snow Ono Ice...we didn't think it was possibly to find this on the mainland let alone Las Vegas.  This place is a must go...you will not regret it.
5	love snow ono they did a event with Patty's Closet and it was amazing best shaved ice ever they make all there flavors and the owners are amazing
5	Had this today for the very first time.  We had chocolate and wedding cake - WONDERFUL!  My whole family liked it.  We are going to have to track them down for more in the future.
5	I was never a big fan of shaved ice before I came here, but on a hot summer day Snow Ono hits the spot. For me the thing that makes good shaved ice is the the texture of the ice. Some places have a granular texture which I would consider not shaved ice but a "snow cone". You know the thing you used to get from those ice cream trucks when you were little. Maybe that's why I was never a fan. But Snow Ono's ice is like nothing I've tasted before. It's nice and flaky giving it a smooth texture in your mouth. They also offer all kinds of syrup flavors and unique toppings.  I just recently got back from Hawaii and Snow Ono rivals some of the places out there. I became a shaved ice critic and found only 1 out of 5 spots that came pretty close to Snow Ono.  The only truck I'll be looking for these days would be Snow Ono's.
5	What can I say only the best of the best! Let me tell you that nobody in town serves shave ice like snowono. Period! Their velvety snow and flavor varieties topps other imitators. I tried other shave ice wannabes and taste worst than a slurpee. Not to mention they have the friendliest staff ever. It's desert at its best.
5	I discovered shave ice back during my Kauai adventure.  I've always loved sno-cones, but so entranced was I by these delicious treats, I would actually stop what I was doing on my trip, drive across the island, and hit up Wishing Well as fast as I could.  Upon returning home, I checked into shave ice rehab, and knew the day would come when I would fall off the wagon.Enter South Point's Food Truck Fest.Snow Ono actually parked in front of our business during an event one day, but I was too busy to try them out.  This time, I was going for it.So I waited in a crazy long line, but it gave me time to size up flavors, and all the little side additions that they would put upon it.  Upon getting to the window, the lady asked what I wanted, and she must have hexed me or something, because I was pretty much answering "okay" to whatever suggestion she offered to enhance the shave ice experience.I waited a little more, and was served this beast of a treat that was three parts tasty, four parts delicious, and another three parts heaven.  So what if it was early February and I was freezing my butt off?  Man, that shave ice was awesome.  I saved a little for the missus, and then had to fight her off from eating the rest of it.I'm telling you now: When it hits those batmess hot 100+ degree temperatures this Summer, I am hunting these guys out.  I don't care if they end up making their way to Pahrump.  I'll still drive over there to find them.  If I can cover an island, I can make any drive.  Gollum has his ring obsession.  Mine lies in shave ice.Actually, writing about it now makes me want one....
5	Small is too big but I order it every time!A delicious treat that was sorely missed during the winter cold season. "Snow Ono where are you?" is a popular question in my house.My favorite flavors are Tiger's Blood, and strawberry. Cotton candy is so sweet it hurts but because the snow is so soft, it really is just like airy cotton candy.I like the condensed milk topping, and I have my eye on the sour spray for next time, but I'm afraid I will get addicted even more!
4	Creamy Ice - Oh yes- So darn refreshing and yummers!!!I finally got the chance to try Snow Ono at the Fresh 52 Farmer's Market at the Sansone Plaza right near my house.I saw the truck there before but it was just too cold but today was a sunny 74 degrees and I knew I was ready to try the Famous Sno Ono Truck.I got a small (that size is too big so I suggest a kid's size) POG -Passion,Orange & Guava topped with Sweet Condensed Milk and Mochi Bits. Onolicious!!! You can easily distinguish all the different flavors, the condensed milk just adds to the creaminess and the mochi bits are so soft and chewy. I loved this combo!!!The BF wanted a Rasta Rainbow so he got lime,strawberry and pineapple. He enjoyed his combo as well. I tried his and the lime was rather tart so I think next time I'll get lime with sprinkled lemon/lime salt on top and some sour spray. My lips are smacking as I write!!!I love that there are so many flavors to choose from,other than something for your sweet tooth they also have options for those who want a sour tangy experience as well, the ice is so creamy and hello, they have mochi bits!!!! I have a feeling Snow Ono is going to be a constant cold treat for me this summer,...
3	Nice little shaved ice cone, but 25 minutes for ice and syrup? Give me a break
3	Expect a mound of ice and two teaspoons a flavor, but try the condensed milk. It's good!I chased the truck forever! Last month at First Friday or something downtown, I finally caught it and I had cash (required). They have a bagillion flavors.. red velvet cake, pink lemonade, birthday cake. Interesting stuff.I went with pink lemonade and the classic Tiger's Blood with a drizzle of the condensed milk. I dug my spoon into my spoon into the concoction twice before I reached pure unflavored ice (insert disappointment). Did I mention that it's expensive? Yeah.. too much for what you get. If it were a premium item I wouldn't mind paying extra, but it really didn't meet my expectations.I'd pass!
5	This is an overdue review but better late than never...  I was messin around on Facebook the other day and saw Snow Ono was gonna be serving up their snowy goodness @GarfieldsRestLV... I've been wanting to try them for months now... So I told my husband we were gonna go on a little road trip and pay a visit to Snow Ono... We called our best friend and asked him if he wanted to go with us.. as I was explaining to him about Snow Ono he told me he used to get a similar tasty treat but it was called a Snow Ball back in Louisiana... He was definitely in.. So we headed out to the spot.. There was a nice show up of folks.. smiles on all faces.. We made our way to the truck and placed our order.. Scott told me to get chocolate and cherry... when i got to the window I also added condensed milk and chocolate syrup.. my husband ordered the Mango..  We got our order and my friend and I wanted a little more sauce on our snow and with not one problem the sweet gal in the magical truck took back our ice and added a little more which I thought was super!!  I took my first bite and I was in delight!!  It was sooo refreshing and good.. My husband is a plain Jane kinda guy and after he took a bite of mine he told me he was gonna be daring next time and not be so one dimensional  LOL.. that was the laugh for the night.. So Vegas and visitors... if your looking for something fun to do.. have a refreshing tasty cool treat than make your way to Snow Ono!!    I know I'll be there again and soon!!  Thanks Snow Makers.. you rock!!
5	Gave these guys another chance at the cinco de mayo celebration at nacho daddy's. This time things were a lot better. The service was a lot more quicker. I had the watermelon shaved ice w/ condensed milk. I have no idea how they make their ice but you would swear that you are eating a sorbet of some sort. It was so creamy. This is not your dad's shaved ice. I'll definetely be back!!!
4	This one time may be my only chance to get to try this since they don't have it on the East Coast!  But it was AWESOME!My friends took me here telling me how great it is, when I arrived, they opened the window and told me they just closed and will reopen tomorrow!  I am from out of town so I asked them if they would make an exception because I was leaving to go home the next day, luckily they did make that exception for me.There are many different flavors to choose from, I just got a kids size because the portions are pretty big.   I picked Mango, Coconut and Cola, topped off with condensed milk and mochii.  This combination was great, except the cola wasn't anything special, tasted like a slurpee from 7-11, i would go with a diff flavor, especially one you would think goes well with condensed milk.I am not sure where this food truck goes, but follow it!  It's worth it.
5	Oh MY!!!!!! Mochi bits...enough said!!!!I have loved this truck for a very long time. There are so many flavors, combinations, and add-ons that it is insane!!! mochi bits and condensed milk with any flavor and you have the winning combination. Not sure what others are talking about....I had syrup and flavor through and through each and every time I had this cup of fluffy shaven ice  of Yumminess!Now depending on the events your wait time could be long(30minutes at the last First Friday event) but it was damn worth it!!!!
5	Unless you are a Las Vegas local you may not know that there is a huge Hawaiian influence here.  In fact, Las Vegas has even been called the 9th Island by Hawaiians that live here. This has developed into some Hawaiian traditions crossing over into Las Vegas traditions.One of these, of which I am particularly fond, is the SnowOno Shave Ice truck.  For those of you keeping score at home, shave ice is a totally different thing than a sno cone.  I didn't believe it at first either, but I just drove thirty miles at rush hour on 215 for SnowOno and I wouldn't cross the street for a sno cone.  The difference begins in the texture of the ice.  I have seen the machine up close and still have no idea how this texture is achieved.  It comes out somewhere between actual snow and soft-serve ice cream.  They have a ridiculous array of flavors ranging from cherry, to egg custard to Tiger's Blood, I tried some of these until I fell in love with the egg custard.There are a plethora of additional toppings and combinations that the staff quickly and professionally prepare while you wait, from mochi to caramel to condensed milk.  Perhaps, these are traditional island flavors, or maybe the minds  at SnowOno have just worked overtime to create the most addictive dessert in the desert.As a food truck, SnowOno is always popping up around the valley.  The staff here does an excellent job with social media to get the word out about where they will be next.  For this I am grateful to them or as they might say; mahalos!
4	Finally got to visit Snow Ono at the farmers market yesterday. I am a big fan of shaved ice and with all the praise, it was a no brainer to stop and try it. My shaved ice experience must be pretty limited because I've never seen a place offer ice cream and milk and what not on it, so being the first time I only tried a dual flavor cup, but next time I am gonna try something new. I got a large tigers blood green apple combo, my favorite flavors.  It was good and sweet and great for the 100 degree day we were having.  The girl that took my order was nice and gave me a stamp card with their social networking information.Only gripe I had was that I had ALOT of syrup.  After just a minute or two I had a bit of a congealed mess, but it was hot out so it's not something that can be helped. I'll definitely be back for more because there are so many other flavors to choose from.
4	Great treat for the price!  I always go with the kid size (and usually still have trouble finishing it!).  The only reason I didn't give it that 5th star is b/c I can never seem to catch them in my area anymore.
5	Best shaved ice ever.  I have been in Henderson for only 5 months, and being a cali kid, the heat is killing me.  When I wake up on sunday I head over to fresh 52 to just get some snow ono.  The flavors are amazing, and its soft and tasty.  I can not go anywhere else to get shaved ice.  Snow ono is keeping me alive during the summer.
5	omg this is what you NEED when the weather is hot and the sun is beating down on you.I had the kid's size (this is after my massive lunch of Hawaiian food plus poke) Tiger's Blood and oh my lord it was DELICIOUS!! the sno cone is not snow cone it's better than that. The way their ice was so smooth and the consistency was awesome. Geoff got the lime and lemon mix and that was yummy too. Snow Ono you know what you're doing.
4	We attended the Studio 21 Tattoo charity event and Snow Ono was on hand to provide some cool chill relief! They even had a special shaved ice concoction that included sailor Jerry spiced rum in the mix for the day. Finally I had my chance to try some of the ice cold refreshing bliss that was so refreshing on this humid day.I chose half banana and half red velvet cake with a free topping of sweetened condensed milk. Mmmmm yum!It was very tasty and everything I had hoped it would be! The girls working the truck today were sweethearts and I did see their proud Yelp sticker displayed.Mmmm they gave me a buy 9 shaved ice treats and get one free card that also has their info on where to find them located throughout the day for my next fix!Mmmmmm such a sweet treat to fight off the heat. Will for sure be enjoying again soon next time I need a little magic in my mouth...
5	ONO INDEED!POG is my favorite flavor and I usually get it with pineapple as well.  It's like being back on da islands. Love it!
5	THE BEST SHAVE ICE I HAVE EVER HAD! Including Hawaii's Matsumoto'sDid some research before my Vegas trip on best shave ice places. The day I had free snow Ono happened to be a thirty minute drive away.  It was well worth it.  Best shave ice I've ever had, and that includes multiple places in Hawaii including the famous matsumotos.  I got watermelon coconut with condensed milk and mochi.  I ate every bit. Eat in the shade or an air conditioned car unless you want to drink it through your straw.  I rate them twice as good as purple penguin.  I'm going back to Vegas just for Snow Ono!  I've been craving it every day since I got back home.
4	The shaved ice is great! I always love seeing them at the Las Vegas Farmer's market on Vegas and Rampart Wednesday evenings. Just expect a wait if it's a nice night. We waited forty minutes last week but it was worth it. Just order, take a walk around the market, and come back. There are so many flavors and options to choose from! If you don't want a whole lot, order the kids size. It's still pretty big. The large is HUGE!
5	We love Snow Ono!  It's a special treat for my kids and a great way to have fun with blue tongues.
5	Growing up we had snow cones, hell I even had the little Snoopy snow cone maker, but this is entirely different. The moment that first spoonful hits your mouth you know that your life has changed. It is like a little cloud in your mouth, so smooth and delicate, not even a hint of chunky ice. I quite enjoy the tiger's blood and also the blue Hawaiian flavor. I also love to add some condensed milk to the top, so creamy! The portions are giant, so get a small and split it. You really can't go wrong, and the ladies that work there are super nice and will happily guide you in the right direction, which is anything on the menu. It gets hot in Vegas and on those scorching days, this is the best way to cool down. I only wish they would open an actual location so I could stop by anytime to satisfy my cravings.
5	Best shave ice outside of Hawaii, hands down.....  li hi mui shave ice with ice cream - uh HELLO!  Love it.
5	This food truck is a lot of fun. Great shaved ice, just the thing for the hot weather we enjoy in Las Vegas. If you see it cruising around Las Vegas get in line and order your cool treat. They have an incredible variety of flavors and flavor combinations so you can go back hundreds of times and not have tried everything on there menu. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	We have three favorites for shave ice.  Matsumoto on Oahu, JoJo's on Kauai, and Snow Ono in Las Vegas.  POG with ice cap and ice cream broke da mouth!***UPDATE***Just got back from the Big Island and Snow Ono is better than Itsu's, if that means anything to anyone.  Wife agrees.  I gotta get back to Vegas...***UPDATE / HEART ATTACK!***I'm way behind the times and just discovered Sno Ono is no longer in business.  After a couple minutes of Googling, I discovered the business was handed over to Oso Ono and has a reputation for putting out the same heaven-sent shave ice!  I'm relieved to find I can still get my shave ice fix on the mainland but I'll miss the Sno Ono truck.http://www.yelp.com/biz/oso-ono-shave-ice-las-vegas
5	Just preparing to write this review has got my mouth watering...We're punished in the summers with the scorching hot heat from the Vegas sun, but I believe everything happens for a reason. So from this torching summer fire we endure every year, comes the birth of a snow cone food truck to ease your troubles (yes they do). The girls that run this truck are actually snow angels, blessing us with a gift of pure heaven! Good, soft, cool, sugary heaven. I love how they give you the option of the amount of syrup you'd like (light, normal, or heavy) and the fact they offer punch cards to redeem for a free snow cone in the future, if you fulfill the punches of course. I've tried the Tiger's Blood and the Melona. Tiger's Blood is a popular choice and it isn't bad.. but I prefer the Melona. Add some condensed milk and it's like you're eating a Melona Bar! ..If you haven't tried Melona Bars then you need to start looking into it, I mean it!! You also have the options to add on things like ice cream, mochi, a sour spray, etc! They have several flavors but I honestly wished they had more (greedy much? why, yes, yes i am hehe). I just miss my black berry. black cherry, ice tea, cantaloupe, options that I had in TX. But still I'd have to say the snow in Vegas beats the one in TX! In regards to sizing of cups, the kids cup is enough for one person! Small is perfect for two, and it's like a party with anything larger!
4	I had it for the first time at a food truck event. It was amazing and the shave ice was Huge. The flavors are endless there so many i wanted to try. I had to wait 35 mins but it was totally worth the wait.
5	This food truck is thee bomb! Ahhh it was so good! The ice was really soft. The wait was long but it was surely worth it! And its decently priced for the amount that you receive.
5	Snow Ono is always amazing! They are super friendly and always put out a great product and they are will to answer any questions you have about something they have on the menu. My only complaint is that they do not do service year around!
5	This food truck is adorable. First the snow cones are amazing and unlike your usual crunchy hard sloppy mess' that you're used to. They are almost creamy and so soft and light. They are beyond refreshing especially in Las Vegas in October. The staff are so kind and sweet.Too add even more incentive to try this wonderful treat, I bought one for my nephew and right after he got it, he dropped half of it. A lady with two adorable little girls walked up and started helping me clean it up. I was so surprised and explained she didn't have to. She said okay well at least let me get you another new one. It was so big, that was also not necessary, but again so kind. I soon found out that this was her establishment. She was inspired to start this business after going to Hawaii and becoming addicted to this delicious iced treat while pregnant and decided to share it with Las Vegas.She is a wonderful woman and she spreads a wonderful treat. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
5	Being the idiot that I am, I didn't get around to checking out Snow Ono until yesterday, when it was actually a little bit cold. Didn't stop me. After coming back from a week in Hawaii, I really really wanted more shave ice. Like REALLY. I had lilikoi with the snow cap and azuki beans. OMG So good. And the fact that it was a bit chilly outside just made it last longer. Yay! I will be back frequently!!!!!!
5	I've never had shaved ice as good as this!! I tried one of Snow Ono's kid sized shaved ice at Aki Matsuri last saturday. I ordered it with Blue Hawaiian, Pineapple and lychee syrup with mochi bits. I really wished I could have gotten a bigger size with what I had!! The shaved ice and mochi bits was so soft and good on a hot day. I'm definatly going to try them again.
5	BEST SHAVE ICE in VEGAS!!!! i don't care what you say it's the BEST! its so soft and fluffy, the give such a good amount of syrup and ice cream portion is huuuuge!! and i need condensed milk on top... best part is that its FREE!!!  i just wish they would come to my area.. i would eat their shave ice everyday, even if its in the winter if i could hahaha.. i have yet to try more of the flavors and toppings! can't wait for my next visit!!
5	I have known about Snow Ono for a long time, but only had a chance to try it last week. Specifically, their last two days of business. :( Yeah, I know, I am from Hawaii and love shave ice, but I don't really do well with following food trucks. :P Sadly, they have shut down for good, but I'm happy I tasted the best shave ice ever! You heard that right folks, Snow Ono is better than any shave ice in Hawaii!! Why? The ice is like a powder. You don't need to chew on bits of ice because it it smooth and just melts in your mouth! Yum!My favorite flavors and toppings were strawberry and mango with condensed milk and mochi bits. It was nice of them to give out free shave ice (and pizza from Biaggio's Pizza) to all their customers on the last day. Although it was 50 degrees out and freezing, we could not put our spoons down until the last bite. It was totally worth it!I'll miss you Snow Ono!
5	This is the best shaved ice truck in all of town! Seriously the ice is creamy and the flavors are great. You'll be surprised by just how big the shaved ices come even with a childs size.
5	The best Hawaiian shaved ice away from islands.  Doesn't get better than this.  You have the toppings and fixings that you would get in Hawaii.
5	Snow Ono is the real deal.  She has a ton of yummy flavors and the portions are huge!  Marianne always remembers us and makes us feel like we are a part of her ohana.  The customer service here is just as amazing as the shaved ice.  She closes down for a bit in the winter when Vegas gets a little chilly so I make sure to get my fill in all summer long.  There is usually a long line but its cause they are so good.  It is worth the wait!  Snow Ono is the perfect Vegas treat.Marianne recently sold the business.  I hope whoever bought it got all her secrets and Aloha spirit.  Looking forward to the weather warming up and getting my Ono fix.
5	I love me some shave ice !!!!!
5	Love these the smalls almost too might for one person alone o can never finish it.it's really good with their ice cream know the middle dragon blood is awesome too.
