4	Really good quality old school Italian in the downtown business district. Great service, good selection and some great specials.
4	This was a really pleasant surprise.  The normal Friday night ritual erupted last night and that is finding a restaurant interesting enough for me and flexible enough for the lady's particular tastes.  She was going to be nice enough to go to "Dish" although I know it's not one of her favs'.  Mantini's also came across the radar screen.  However, I wanted to try somewhere new and we both wanted to try something budget friendly.  Annie's Mom gave us an "entertainment" book for Christmas and Papa J's was listed as an option.  I checked out the website and was less than enthusiastic.  Unlike its sister restaurant in Carnegie this spot has a stripped down menu.  I'm guessing because it does most of its business during lunch hours and maybe happy hour.  I called the restaurant and they did have many options not on the internet menu including a couple feature dishes (note to restaurant please update your website, you don't even list any pasta dishes as an option for the downtown location).  We decided to check it out after calling her brother Lee who goes often.  We get there around 730 PM last night (Friday).  Upon entering the extremely old (classic) building I'm struck by the interior which is truly "old school".  It's dark wood, exposed brick, ornate lighting and the like...  There are a group of regulars I'd guess sitting at the bar imbibing loudly.  The bartender notices us and asks if we need a table for two.  We are then greeted by a friendly gal (JJ) who takes us to the back dining room which is a bit crowded and she senses our hesitation and takes us to the other side of the bar which only has a few patrons.  Annie confirms with JJ that we can use the entertainment card, she confirms and we save 12 bucks.  She brings us over some decent bread, unfortunately not served warm.  The bread is served along with the obligatory oil and vinegar mix.  She left a big bowl of parmesan cheese for us to add as much as we wanted which was a nice touch.  Annie started with the wedding soup which was okay, but not memorable.  I tried the potato soup, which was pretty tasty although a little bland.  Annie then ordered the chicken Romano which was really good.  The chicken wasn't too "eggy" and the coating was almost light which is hard to accomplish with this dish.  In addition the portion size was pretty large and the chicken was cooked perfectly and not dry at all.  They also accommodated her request to have thin spaghetti for the pasta and serve with Alfredo Sauce, which they did for a dollar more.  The whole dish I think was $15.  I ordered the salmon with green beans.  It was a reasonable portion of fish cooked well.  The green beans were crisp and fresh.  The salmon was served on a chipotle pesto.  I found the pesto a bit overpowering and could have skipped it altogether, but if it did need to be served on pesto I would have preferred a traditional style pesto.  Service was spot on from start to finish.  I think JJ's family owns the restaurant.  We inquired about the rumors of the place being haunted and the former incarnations of this place being a brothel.  JJ took us down to the basement and showed us the underground tunnels that used to be used for the local politicians to make their way to the brothel unnoticed.  She also took us upstairs and showed us the Madame's bedroom (incidentally the headboard of the Madame's bed is now the bar downstairs (I took a picture and posted).  The whole meal with a couple of martinis was only $45 after the entertainment card discount not including tip.  And, we both had leftovers.  We stopped at the bar for a nightcap after dinner and the bartender said they are redesigning the menu and trying hard to make this more of a dinner spot than just happy hour.  There was also a band setting up as we left.  It seems like they are trying hard and I intend to be back.  However, be warned if you're looking for a hip happening spot a la "tamari" this probably isn't it.  But, if you're looking for decent (3 star) food, great value and service you could do a lot worse.  I'll be back.
3	Great for lunch or dinner. Tables and chairs are uncomfortable but food is very great.
3	While in Pittsburgh, we decided to try Papa J's. I am still not sure why we did. Anyway, the food was decent. Not great, but it was tasty. Our server was very friendly. It was a little weird because we were the only ones there.  I am not from Pittsburgh, so I am not sure if it was an off night or what.All in all we left satisfied.
4	Came here for lunch.Atmosphere is traditional, lots of wood, white linens, etc. Old school feel to it. My server was very friendly and courteous without being over-attentive.The wedding soup was good, looked like it was truly made from scratch. The garlic bread was delicious dunked in the soup. I ordered the napolitano (marinara with 4-cheeses) with thin spaghetti. It wasn't that busy on a Friday afternoon so it arrived pretty quickly.The pasta was cooked al dente. The sauce wasn't spectacular but a good solid marinara and the cheese was well-distributed (don't you just hate one glob of cheese and the rest of the sauce is on its own).
3	My husband and I went here for dinner before a movie. We loved the atmosphere, and the food was pretty good. I got a chicken dish and my husband got a fish sandwich. We were both satisfied. Our waiter was very nice and did his best. We had to wait awhile on most things because they had him covering two complete rooms. Other than spreading their wait staff too thin, I was impressed with this place. We're definitely willing to go back again.
4	Good atmosphere and great bartender.  Historical building.
4	My wife and I love this little place.  Over the years, we've been here for birthday dinners and had two large welcome home parties.  They take great care of us.  Service is always friendly and the food is always good - not necessarily amazing but always solid.  Had dinner here this past weekend and our party had pizza, sandwiches and entrees - all very good - particularly the sausage sandwich.  The fried Zucchini was impressive as well.
1	Food was okay, but was very surprised that they have absolutely no handicapped accessibility. Steps to get in from the street, restrooms up the stairs to 2nd floor. No accessible stalls in restrooms. Surprising in this day.  NOT HANDICAPPED ACCESSIBLE.
2	Boy do I have a few things to say about this place.  We had a large group before a theater show and I was excited to try a new place.  It's conveniently located for all downtown events.  They also have happy hour which is always nice.  Our large group was seated in a back room with two waiters.  One had about 40 years working there, the other had 2 months.  I got the one with 2 months, go figure.I'm on a budget right now and pretty healthy, so I planned ahead to get a caesar salad.  I decided at the time to add "shrimp" (quoted on the menu as $2.50) and get a side of vegetables.  Now, the waiter said a lot of the dishes came with vegetables.  So I can order a side of them, right?  WRONG.  After I ordered, the waiter came back twice.  Once to tell me that they couldn't do the veggies.  Uh, what?  The second time to ask me how many shrimp I wanted.  hmm.  And he never refilled my water or asked if I wanted a drink.So our food comes out and my salad is LEAVES and DRESSING.  Period.  The End.  Oh, with 3 pitiful shrimp on top.  That's it.  There was the powder parmesan on the table which I added myself.  So now I have 3 half broken, unseasoned, boiled shrimp with tails, lettuce and dressing.  Actually, everyone's food looked rather 'sad'.  Oh, but wait until I got my bill!!!My lettuce, 3 pitiful shrimp, and self added powder parmesan was $18!!!!  The shrimp were $2.50 A PIECE.  For real real.  I wanted to throw down.  I could have had the salmon platter plus pasta for that.  What a rip off and so much for my budget.  We had a big group but  my bill didn't have the tip added.  I was not happy with our idiot novice server so my tip would have been small.  Well, he brought me the credit card receipt and wrote in a tip himself.  Get me out of here!  Oh and because we were a 'group' they wouldn't accept one woman's coupon.  Weird.The place is cool.  It's an old brothel and it's fun to look around.  But the upstairs is about 40 degrees colder than the downstairs.  The place is dated, but I liked it.  Intimate and creeky.  But jeez, go just for happy hour or a drink.  Don't put yourself through the misery and expense of what they call dinner.
4	Have you met Frank? No? Well you'd better get on that, so you can brag to all your hipster friends that you know the best bartender in Pittsburgh.Seriously though. Best.We found Papa J's at random on July 4th last year because, in typical Pittsburgh fashion, it was raining. We were en route from the Point to Station Square when the skies opened up, and the nearest bar to duck into was Papa J's.What you need to know first is that Papa J's is a historic landmark - it's the oldest standing former brothel in the 'Burgh. The wall behind the bar is actually fitted with a headboard (rumored to be that of the brothel madam), and there's a red light at the stairs.The decor is all deep wood, low lighting, and mysterious feel. Better yet? Papa J's is rumored to be haunted.(Because if cocktails at a haunted former brothel doesn't get you excited about drinking in Pittsburgh, nothing will.)Oh, and that's where Frank comes in. Frank is the friendly older gentleman behind the bar who will go out of his way to serve you the finest cocktails and martinis in downtown Pittsburgh. They've got a great house drink list (including a Bloody-Mary-esque beverage called the 'Angry Malkin'), but Frank also has a 'secret' list that only us 'real serious' Papa J's guests know about. Frank's policy is this: if you can give him the list of ingredients and he has them, he will make you any drink under the sun. If he makes it and you think it's great, he writes the recipe down in his notebook and recommends it to others. One of his specialties is the Black Eyed Susan. It's the signature drink of the Preakness, and he'll tell you the story of how he learned to make them (spoiler alert: it involves an A+ bartender going out of his way to help a sweet little old lady who loves the horses). After attending a Mixology class with Linda (that's Linda W. of Yelp fame!) where we made Prohibtion-era cocktails, I was in love with this gin drink called a Bee's Knees. It involves the use of honey syrup, which is not a common bar ingredient. Bless Frank's heart, he figured out some concoction of simple syrup and honey, and made me a Bee's Knees!You can also choose to eat while at Papa J's, if you can tear your eyes away from all the drink menus. I recommend the bruschetta (almost always get an order of this - it's sooooo oniony, and sprinkled with cheese and a hefty serving of diced tomatoes - so good!), and any of the pizzas. Last time we stopped in, we had the chicken pesto pizza which had PINE NUTS on it!  PINE NUTS! (Those things are edging out beets as my favorite 'why-hello-there-how-did-you-get-on-the-menu' food in Pittsburgh restaurants lately.) The crust is perfect. I don't think I'll ever even try anything else on the menu, since I can't get past these awesome pizzas.So, Papa J's is the perfect place to go if you want great booze and good food at decent prices in a neat atmosphere. They're in a great location downtown, and I've never had trouble getting a seat at the bar. I still haven't found any ghost activity, but as long as Frank is serving drinks, I'll certainly keep looking!
4	I wish more people went to Papa J's. It has great food, a truly unique atmosphere, and Frank. Frank the bartender is one cool guy. I'll get to him later.First, the ambiance. Very old building, low lighting, dark wood... a bit "dodgy," really.It could be that the headboard of Madame Dolly Cavanaugh hangs above the bar. Yes, Papa J's used to be brothel in Pittsburgh's industrial heyday. But that's not all the whimsy the restaurant has to offer. Clutch the pearls and phone Rick Sebak, because it's also rumored to be haunted! Frankly, this doesn't surprise me. If you poke around a bit you half expect the members of Mystery Inc. to be disappearing behind false walls. Jinkies.The food is good, comforting, and plentiful. The wedding soup is tasty and perfect for taking the chill off you in the winter.  All entrees come with fresh italian bread with dippings and range from $10-$20. You can choose from several pastas with a variety of sauces and meats. Try the veal bolognese pasta, served with tomato cream sauce. Delicious! They regularly have several daily specials, one of which is usually seafood. Now to Frank. He's a friendly older gentleman with lots of stories to tell. Usually, I drink beer or wine.  But when I'm at Papa J's, I simply let Frank pick my drink. Just tell him what you're in the mood for; something dry, fruity, bitter, or strong... and he will whip up something tasty.  I highly recommend Papa J's. Go there on one of those nights when you want to go out to eat, but can't quite figure out where to go. You're tired of chains, not in the mood for bar food, and don't want to spend a lot of money. Head to Papa J's Centro. Frank will fix you up!
5	Right down the blvd from Point Park Univ, Papa J's is a great surprise.  From the outside, the place looks a touch dodgy as pointed out in the other reviews.  I'd say it matches the buildings in the area.  Once you walk inside, however, things change dramatically.  This place is old, old as in old-world charming.  The wait staff is dressed up even at lunch time.  The bar is on your left when you walk in.The chicken parm sandwich was great, served on might-be-pizza-dough bread. Great traditional flavors and cooked the way it was meant to be.  I opted for vegetables instead of the fried accessories and the green beans were fresh and crunchy and definitely not overcooked as many places serve them.While I ate lunch, this might be a great place to go for a reasonably priced quality Italian dinner.  I had a hard time choosing off the menu.  Next time I will opt for the veal or maybe a seafood pasta.Love it!
4	My friend and I had dinner there last night. The food:Avoid the salads.  They are pretty bad.  Once I had a mozzerella and tomatoor salad, and it was literally a plate covered with iceberg lettuce leaves, and three pearls of cheese, and two slices of tomato.  That was it.  Not worth the $7!Last night we got a side tossed salad and it was shreds of iceberg that were so large we had to cut them, on wedge of a mealy tomato, and one olive.  That was it.  I had the manicotti and it was VERY good.  My friend had the basil pesto cream farfale and it was AMAZING!  I highly recommend it.  Not the most traditional italian food, but really good italian food like how I imagine my italian grandmother would make if I had an Italian grandmother.  I'm German.  My grandmother gagged at pasta sauce.  Sigh.The service was good and the bartender there is absolutely adorable.  Why is this place always empty?  I wish more people went here!The vibe inside is cool, it's obviously a VERY old building, and it used to be a brothel.  The mirror behind the bar was the madams headboard!  Apparently there was a murder in the womens bathroom (hundreds of years ago).  The place is supposed to be haunted, but the only spirits we saw were in our glasses over ice.I highly recommend this place, the service is friendly, there is an Enjoy book coupon for this place, and the food is pretty good.
1	GREAT POTENTIAL POOR EXECUTIONI gave this place a try on Wednesday night.  Thought it would be a fun place for some tapas and drinks with friends.  Took a ground of 7 friends with me.  The drinks were very good, nice selection of Champagnes and beers.  My big issues stem from a very bad waiter and a menu that wasn't updated.I ordered the Charcuterie, which included torchon foie gras and duck rillettes.  When it came out it had neither of the items I was excited about.  It had some spicy sausage and some prosciutto and fresh tuna salad (not a joke).  When I asked the waiter about it he had no apologies and just asked if I wanted him to take it away. (several stars off for that).  One of my friends ordered the Croque Monsieur (a fav of mine) which was ok, but not quite good.  It seemed as if it was made by a staff member instead of a chef who knew what he was doing.  Another friend ordered the Pulled Pork Quesadilla which wasn't exactly as described in the menu either, but not bad.The waiter came by several times to check on our drinks, etc but twice he came over to the table with his arms crossed (a huge no-no with me.)  Plus, the waiter asked for a card to run a tab for our table?  (even bigger turn off.)Overall I thought this place had great potential but its execution was way under par.  It could have been an off night, but just not sure where there are huge issues like this.
4	It's an odd place -- a former brothel that's reputed to be haunted, with a lot of dark polished wood decor. In all the times I've been there, it's never once been crowded. It's very noirish, even in the daytime; the sort of place you'd go to watch horse races -- desperately, of course, on which you'd just bet it all. And the guy at the other end of the bar hasn't been home in years, and the ominous bartender has a Dark Secret, and you'd better keep your damn beak out of it!Except the bartenders here are actually quite warm, and not ominous at all. In fact, they're more than willing to learn your preferred arcane beverage recipes. One guy there, Frank, actually keeps a little book of new recipes he learns from customers, which I appreciated quite a bit. I also really enjoy the appetizers here, especially the flatbreads and the bruschetta, which are probably the least noirish foods imaginable.So, ignore your instincts about this spooky-seeming place and check it out. The entrees are not terribly impressive, but it's a great stop for an evening with other plans in it.
1	Based on the AWFUL service I received the last three times I dined here I will never, ever come back to this restaurant--and it is a real shame bc I really wanted to like this place.Strike 1 (and the biggest offense) Light Up Night - I called for reservations but was hung up on and told we didn't need them.  My party of 4 arrived at 5ish expecting a packed restaurant but the place was EMPTY.  We asked for a table and were told due to the amount of reservations it was going to be an hour.  I get that--but the place was EMPTY.  The host was NOT gracious about this, instead he seemed frazzled and bothered by our being there.We sat at the super cool looking bar and ordered drinks and asked if we could order appetizers to the bar.  The bartender, who was a complete dick, said, "I have a full house tonight, I'm not going to take food orders at the bar."  I'd like to mention this guy is apparently the bar tender at the Papa J's in Carnegie--not the regular bartender who is awesome.The place is EMPTY.  We order drinks.  And we wait, and we wait, and we wait.  All the while we can see empty tables and I kept thinking...you know...if you had just sat us we would have been out of here by now!  So I asked the bartender who was helping the host...  "Why can't you just seat us since the place is empty, its been an HOUR and we just want to know when you think we might get seated."  We would have left but honestly we were invested with our time at this point.  The bartender said, "Well, for all the people who could take the time to make a reservation, we hold a table for them."  Well...yikes.  If this is how you act no wonder your restaurant has been dead every single other time we have been there.When we finally were sat, we were seated in a tiny table wedged in a room with a huge party that was three sets of parents and like, their 36 screaming children.  It was such a nightmare.Turns out they had the regular bartender waiting tables that night and he felt so bad about our wait and where we got seated he took one of the entrees off the bill.  So that was cool, but not enough to make up for his moron coworker.Strike 2 - If you go there for lunch and you order a hamburger, expect the waitress to give you attitude if you ask for cheese.  "Yeah, if you didn't know this was an italian restaurant and we only have mozzerella."  Really?  I didn't know hamburgers were traditional Italian fare.  I wouldn't have been that upset but my hamburger--which was burnt, flavorless, and tasted like freezer burn along with my diet coke came to $14.00.  For a burger.  and a coke.  The prices here can be ridiculous.Strike 3-  Empty restaurant.  I mean, EMPTY.  My friend and i are there and we had bread wiith our meals.  Our thing of olive oil was empty, and there was a full thing of olive oil on the table next to ours.  NO ONE ELSE in the same dining room.  I took the olive oil off the table next to ours.  Our waitress came over and was like, "Ma'am, this is not a free for all, you can't just take things from the tables if you need something you have to ask."  WTF!  There was no one there and it was just olive oil... and also had she been attentive, I wouldn't have needed to take the olive oil.  She would have brought us a full one.So, I've tried this place 5 times and that was enough.  I dont know how it remains open but I suspect it will close soon.  Not worth the attitude of the staff.  They dont seem to appreciate the few customers they do have which is a shame, bc when I like a restaurant I recommend it and I bring my friends there.
2	I'm not quite sure what happened to Papa J's in the past year....I remember always being delighted with my lunches in the past.  When a coworker suggested this last week, I was really excited to go back.As soon as we sat down, everyone noticed all the dead fruit flies on the table. Yuck.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.  He did mess up one order though, but she decided just to eat what they mistakenly gave her.  I had the Chicken Piccata.  I just love this dish.  My boyfriend's version is pretty top notch, so Papa J's had some high standards to live up to.  It was just meh.  The chicken wasn't very well seasoned and the sauce was overpowered by lemon.  All I could taste was citrus.  I also had a few bites of the Chicken Marsala.  Not sure the ingredients they used in this sauce, but holy crap was it sweet.  Really glad I didn't order that dish, I wouldn't have been able to eat it!I was really disappointed with this visit.  We probably won't be back any time soon.
3	The Post-Gazette reported on 12/7/13 that this restaurant has closed.
