5	Off the strip is a great place for kids to put pedal to the metal.  One kart track for the little ones, two for older kids, and one for over 16.  Looks as if they hold a number of kids' b-day parties here but don't pay that no mind because the action is outdoors.  Look in the What's On mag (available for free in hotels) for a coupon worth 1 free ride if you buy 2.   You'll need a rental car to get here because it's about 15 minutes from the Strip.
4	a little far away from the strip but worth the drive. $20 for unlimited rides on the 3 tracks they have for one hour. not my favorite go kart track, that goes to the one in kissimee florida. the only downfall was that we got jipped out of a lap on our final track since our passed expired 2 minutes after we got on.
3	It's great fun for the kids. I agree it's not as big as Adventuredome. But it's all about the kids. We got one of their group packages for about $19 per person, includes unlimited rides for 90 mins, 2 slices of pizza, and a drink. Additional one topping large pizza was only $6.99. The little ones and their cousins enjoyed themselves so much they didn't want to go home.
4	i did the adult grand prix cars...and after 30 minutes i was done even though i purchased the hour. my body is soooo sore. and yes, it was worth it. i got my lap time down to 45, which i was unhappy about since the best lap of the day shown was 35. well one of the workers said the sign was full of it, and the lowest time is around 44 that you can get.
5	It was nice that this place was a venue that participated with the Las Vegas Power Pass.  Being on vacation I like finding deals that keep me on a budget especially with 2 children. The Power Pass included 2 ride tickets, 6 tokens, a personal sized 1 topping pizza and a small drink. Because we had multiple days on the Power Pass it resets at midnight and you can do it all over again.  My kids loved it so much that we went 2 nights in a row.  It saved me on dinner both nights since it came with food.  The pizza was pretty good, cheese was gooey and the crust wasn't soggy. The kids loved racing each other on the tracks and it lasted a while too.  Definitely coming here again on our next vacation.
5	So I've lived in Las Vegas for about 10 years now and have been to the Las Vegas Mini Gran Prix a bunch of times. I enjoy taking my kids and out of town guests out to ride and play in the arcade. It's a fun place on weekends with the buzz from all the activity. I had some friends in town last weekend and they wanted to do something "NON-Strip" related as they had been doing all of the shows and attractions. I suggested the LVMGP and we had a blast. My friends loved the place and we landed up spending about 4 hours there just goofing around and acting like kids. They have an awesome automated Cotton Candy Machine that you have to try.I though we were going to be there for a an hour tops but we landed up being there until about dinner time. We worked up a bit of an appetite and after looking at the menu thought we'd give it a shot. Listen, Las Vegas Mini Gran Prix has an awesome menu! If there is a category for "The tastiest, LEAST Greasy Pizza I've ever had I'd vote LVMGP tops. Their 16" Large 1 topping pizza is killer and at only $4.99 with a text in deal...it's even more yummy. They have baked chicken wings and BBQ ribs that are out of this world. Tender, Juicy, Wow! Honestly I never expected such great quality to come from behind that counter. It's a hidden secret and I recommend it. It took me 10 years to finally taste their selection.If you want to have a great time, have some fun food and just act like a kid for a few hours Las Vegas Mini Gran Prix is a great way to go. I suggest using their text-in program as they have some good coupons. Text "LVMGP" to 62411 for updated weekly specials. You can also find them on-line at www.MobileCoupons.com
4	Ok, so you're probably wondering what a bunch of grown men would want with a place like this which is meant for kids...  Well, there's no other place to go for just a few hours of fun racing around in go karts then this place.For sure, this place is meant more for the kids but it's also a fun little side diversion if you're in Vegas with a few friends and looking for something fun and unusual.  They have several little track areas with different go karts made for different types of races:  sprint, mini grand prix, standard go karts & for the kiddies.  Obviously, my friends and I could only race and drive on around on 3 out of the 4 as the last one is meant for kids only but it was pretty fun and amusing all around.The sprint race has a bunch of small square-ish like karts that race around on a twisty little track that's meant to encourage a little drifting.  The karts on this track is sufficiently quick, and it makes for a lot of fun if you have a bunch of friends to race with, almost like having a real life Mario Kart race minus the turtle shells, stars, etc.(Of course, I won!  Hehe)The standard go kart track is a very middling kind of track which is definitely meant for the younger kid crowd.  The karts on this track aren't all that zippy and it's fairly straightforward overall with no real thrills unless you're under 12.  The last track we had the most fun on was the mini grand prix track which is definitely geared for adults(you need a real driver's license to go on this one).  The karts on this track definitely have a lot of pick up, and it does take a little bit of getting used to since you're driving karts that are far more powerful then the others.  You'll need all of your driving skills to make it through this one, and there's also a little leaderboard too that shows the lap times for the day as well(I came in 2nd overall for the day!).On the inside there's an arcade area as well as a bunch of tables and benches which was meant for younger kid birthday parties.  There's also a bunch of the standard fare games too, which is to be expected with a place like this.  They also serve pizza and soft drinks here too, which goes along with the theme of the place being for the youngsters.  As I said earlier, this place is definitely an amusing side diversion which is good for a change of pace from the gambling, drinking, eating, shopping, partying, nightlife of Las Vegas.  If you're feeling a little frisky and competitive and have some spare time come here for a little bit of fun.  Oh, don't forget to pay for the $20(?) all you can ride pass too, which lasts for an hour and lets you go on the various go kart races as much as you can for the whole hour.  Well worth the money, especially if you intend to try and perfect your time on the mini grand prix track where you normally pay by the lap!
5	Go karts and rollercoaster for kids. Yay,,, yummy pizza and i think $5 large deal during the week.  Def go!
5	We were looking for Go Karts in Las Vegas for our trip. Since we had our 2 young boys with us It was difficult to find a 2 seater Go Kart or one they can drive themselves. I was searching the internet and came upon this place! It was only 15 minutes away from the strip! Not bad at all! We went on a Wednesday early afternoon so it was totally empty. They have this cool little photobooth in the middle where you can take free pictures and post them on your facebook!They had go Karts especially for kids! My boys had a blast. Then all the way in the back they have the adult Go Karts which my husband and sister in law LOVED! It was so much fun they have other little rides as well!
3	We have at least 2 birthday parties to attend here a year. The good part is the fact that the rides are contained in one secluded area so it's easy to keep and eye on the kiddos. The bad part is the cheesy arcade located within. Don't get me wrong I don't mind arcade games, what I detest is the stupid ticket program. You know, the one where the kids collect tickets from the various arcade games then turn them in for a prize? The program here is ridiculous. You have to get and ungodly amount of tickets to get anything, and that "anything" is usually something that can be purchased at the dollar store. The other annoying factor is that the ticket redemption booth is always understaffed and there you are...waiting in a line of indecisive kids so that your child can pick one of the many booby prizes available. It's torture I tell you! If they got rid of this ticket BS I would frequent this place 10 times more. My kids love the go carts and the kiddie roller coaster.
5	If you're looking for a fun, clean, well maintained entertainment center with arcade games, food, rides and four different racetrack course - this is it!  We had an awesome time with the Sprint cars, the go karts and the arcade games.  My son had a minor issue that required attention by the counter staff and they were incredibly kind, accommodating and understanding.  Thank you LVMGP staff for a great time!  We'll be back!
2	Took a family trip with my guys on March 31, 2012 to this place. It wasnt nearly what I expected. This place is expensive even when we have funds to splurge. I mean everything from the food to the games to especially riding the cars was beyond pricey. Will we ever go back there??? More than likely NOT! I couldnt believe the price, the wait and the RUDE people we experienced. I have experienced better in Cali.... we will not be going there anymore. Not for us!!!!!
2	Meh. This place very much lacks the excitement.  I guess for a child, it should be okay, but even the kids that I brought along did not come out of there with smiles on their faces.  Instead, they had lackluster exclamations of... blah.  Just mere, utter BLAH.  Oh well.  I guess, Chuck e Cheese next time?
4	Ok, Ive been trying to talk the GF and her daughter into going to the Grand Prix so we could race the cars for the past few months and I finally talked them into it and I think it was only because our friends 7yr old asked if she could go.Buy the $20 1 hour pass and just start going nuts. I blinked and the hour was done so be prepared to go back and buy another hour. The pizza was a surprisingly good thin crust and they had a daily special that filled me up for $5.75.Im 5'11 and 215lbs and had a hard time getting in and out of a few of the rides/cars but the 7yr old and all The other kids were able to climb in and out with no issues.We didnt try the big track this trip but we had such a good time and the grown ups are so competitive we will be back to race the big cars.
5	Nice! We had so much fun!!
2	Wow.  Just wow.I really can't believe all the great reviews for this place.  It's pretty run down compared to similar places anywhere else I've been.  Even small towns.  Maybe if you've only lived in Vegas, you might think this is super duper cool because it very well might be the best there is.  I'm not impressed.  Not at all.
5	I bought the 1hr pass for 20$ and ended up buying 3 more because intense racing and pride of not losing kept me and my brother racing over and over again.. If a adult it's a must to race on the adult carts there a blast and fast
4	This is a good place to enjoy with a young family.  It was worth the drive from the strip.  My 8 year old and my 18 month old son both enjoyed it.  We used our Las Vegas Power Pass and it included:-Individual Pizza (the size of Pizza Hut's personal size)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sEjy65M87W8dLka1YD_-JQ?select=NAiG8Ozop5GlKJzayZjxng#J6SYEQ4Ysf0iiIu_UWre_g-1 soft drink-4 arcade games-1 ride ticketThey also serve different types of food as well.  Such as sandwiches, chicken wings, chicken tenders, and so forth.  They have 4 different tracks to enjoy here.  ALL OUTDOORS!  Map of the different go cart tracks.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sEjy65M87W8dLka1YD_-JQ?select=NAiG8Ozop5GlKJzayZjxng#T-yZPr8Iw6fTIZdO1o56Ug1)  Go CartsMinimum height is 54" but kids under that can ride with an adult with no extra charge :)  This is the longest go cart in Nevada.2)  Sprint Kart SpeedwayMinimum height is 54".  Kids under the height are not allowed to ride with the adults. 3)  Adult Gran Prix CarsYou must have your license.   They are larger than the other karts and they go much, much, much,  faster.  They have to only Adult Gran Prix in Nevada.  It doesn't go as fast as the electric carts that I've rode on at Podium Raceway located in Hawaii.  But you can feel the difference from the other go carts.  4)  Kiddie KartsMinimum height 38" and maximum is 54" .  My oldest son has also driven the electrical carts at Podium Raceway and he had a look like, "really, this is how fast this can go?"  Besides go carts this place has different carnival type kiddie rides.  All geared to please kids 10 and younger.  a)  Super Fun Slide (it was only a 1/4 of the ticket)My toddler had a huge smile on his face while we took turns sitting him on Mommy and Daddy's lap and sliding down the big slide.b)   Tornado Twisterc)  Dragon Roller Coasterd)  Bomber Inside there are over a dozen of arcade games, tickets to be won, and prizes to be redeemed.  There is an area in the party room where you can take a picture for free.  It kept on telling me that it didn't go through but I found it in my in-box several days later.  It didn't work on Facebook. The staff was very friendly and welcoming.
5	My family had a great time. They have 4 racing tracks. The cars can go pretty fast. The people we were racing with were competitive and i love a competitive spirit. We will come back next time we visit las vegas. Plus the pizza was cheap and tasted pretty good.
4	This is a bit overdue.  I have been here twice in the past month and loved it for something different to do with the family.  We bought the $20 unlimited rides in an hour which was perfect.  What I like is if your child is not tall enough to ride alone they let an adult ride along for free.  We found some coupons online for buy one ride and get one ride for free so after the hour was over with the kids my husband and I rode the adult cars which was a blast.  Both times we went we got there right at opening time which I highly recommend.  We played some arcade games and I agree with some of the reviewers about the arcade area but I do have to say this is not Chuckie Cheese.  My daughter wants to have her birthday here next year.  I do have to say we will come back again especially with my daughter's friends.  The rides are maintained, the staff is very nice and it is lots of fun for children and the adults.
3	This place is a good family attraction. Its outdoor go-cart and a twister ride for kids. Inside they have food and games.I used the yelp check in deal to buy 2 get 1 free ride.To be honest, I would suggest to come anytime but summer. Its so hot that when you get off the ride, your butt will be sweating and remember that you're not the only person on that cart throughout the day..Also theres this photo stand inside where it says "take an instant photo and post it up on facebook or twitter"... don't use it. It never went up and I think it has a virus on it, so we had to change my boyfriends facebook password afterwards cuz it was sending weird messages to all his friends. (our fault for being so gullible) If you get nauseas easily, than I think 1 or 2 rides is your max because you can kinda smell the fume as you're driving.nonetheless, the workers were nice and kids will have fun!
3	I ended up here because I thought my 10 year old brother would like it. Turns it these little cars are just as fun as I remember them as a kid! I didn't get a chance to drive the big cars (16 and older) but I was there to hang with my brother and we bought the hour pass; times a wasting.anyways, you have a multitude of options. We ended up paying the 20$ for the hour drive all you can. I can see this is a good deal if it's not real busy. Basically you can ride as much as you want and not wait in lines. You can also buy tickets for individual rides. The carnival rides were  a little weak for my tastes, but I had fun on them with the 10 year old.I recommend getting there early during the summer as things heat up real quick. Overall the place isn't going to win any awards for awesomeness, but it's a fun place to take a kid so be one yourself and rev that engine!
5	Good times. Kids have fun, adults have a blast! Unless you're there with kids...
5	This place is awesome!!!  I suggest you guys come here its a lot of fun. The arcade is the best we won a lot of tickets here. Also I like the family Kartz at the edge of the street. The tornado made me a lot dizzy. The slides were cool (although sometimes I am afraid of heights). The roller coaster at the end goes very fast. If you live around this place go there you all will enjoy this little amusement park. The food here is good especially the pizza and the sodas.
4	A very fun place to bring the little ones. My favorite thing about this place is that they have something for everyone. They have go-karts for all ages. The small boogers can ride with anyone that is over 58" and they can ride by themselves if they are over 38". And if you have a driver's license and want to vroom vroom all by yourself...they have that too (you are racing yourself though wha wha). $20 bucks for an hour of unlimited rides and if the child is under the height limit, you can ride with the child for FREE! YIPEE for me =]
3	I've been coming here for years. Like 15 years. They have added more rides and that is good because just riding the cars can get a little boring after a while. Nothing terrible happened while we were there but this place needs a face lift. The outside area where the rides are were fine. But nothing made me want to stay inside. Half of the video games were broken and the token machines were so old they took minutes to take your $1. Seriously, they need new token machines.The bathrooms are very out of date. There aren't even hooks on the back of the door for your purse. I hate that.Inside is kinda confusing. The layout should have been planned before they opened for business. I don't see why you have to buy tickets and food in the same line. And the line builds into this huge crowd that cuts right through the seating area and games and you can't even walk by. The tickets should be a separate line from the eating area.This place needs a face lift.
1	I took my family here for a birthday party for a friends child. Overall-the kids had a blast. It was very cold and windy so I didn't see my kids wristbands until their hour and a half was up and we went inside. When I went to take the wristband off my 3 year old daughter I discovered that the girl had put it on so tight that it literally cut and bruised her wrist. It took 3 of us to get it off. Needless to say, I was pretty upset. I took my daughter up front where about 10 employees were standing in a circle chatting. I showed them her wrist and one girl asked who did it. I didn't remember so I told them whose party we were attending. The girl, I believe her name was Missy, said it was her and in a very unconcerned tone said " sorry about that." My friend went up several minutes later and spoke to them again, including the manager. She said she got the same reaction-not a lot of concern or sympathy. I called and spoke with both owners, Ken and Jerry. Both apologized but didn't seem too concerned. I realize they couldn't change what happened. However, knowing a 3 year old was left with cuts and bruises from a wristband because of one of their employees, I expected a little more concern and empathy. If I had done this to a child, I would feel so awful and do whatever I could to make the child and her parents feel better and know I was remorseful. I really felt like the employee and the owners were annoyed that I was bringing it to their attention. I don't feel they had any remorse whatsoever.
5	Fantastic fun!  We went here to celebrate our son getting straight-As.  It's a little pricey to go on a regular basis, but if you're looking for something extra special to do with your kids, this is a great place to go. So much fun.
3	My friends and I wanted to indulge in kid-like fun yesterday so we stopped by here around 9:00 pm.  Since it was one hour before closing the rides, the slide, and three of the four tracks were closed, which is understandable.  Luckily we were able to squeeze in two quick races at  the Sprint Kart track.  Each game was $7.00 each.  Each race lasted about 15 minutes each, but it felt much longer!  The inside where all the arcade games and the food court area was looked a little run down and dingy though.
5	What a fun place to go Go-Carting. They even have an adult track which is not as easy as the kids track.
1	Had just purchased $80 worth of wrist bands for the rides. Before I could get on a ride with my baby an unsupervised child pushed me & baby out the way. Security was not concerned with me almost falling with a baby but more focused on a profanity that I said. Do not want to spend my money anywhere that isn't concerned about my child's safety.
2	Good fun for all ages. Well staffed but I saw a lot of standing. The crew members seem unhappy about their job and come off as unfriendly. The pricing on food is fair and the wait time is reasonable. I ordered a small sausage pizza and it tasted like a $7 pizza. Attractions are fun but a little pricey for what's offered. Definitely comparable to a local Chuck E. Cheese's. I wouldn't have my kids birthday party here. Big ups to Jada for doing her job right. First and last time here.
3	Very nice staff, but they need to get a new air filtration system in the building. It smells really bad in some areas.
4	We love this place! We are frequent customers of the best go kart track in town. For $20 you can get unlimited rides. There are a lot of very friendly people that work there that are able to ensure you are safe and enjoying yourself. I think being able to go somewhere with a family of 5 for $100 and leaving telling stories, laughing and creating memories about the time we had is an amazing price. We have yet to be disappointed. The management is amazing, staff is friendly and courteous. I think we officially found our family night hang out. If you haven't tried the Mini Grand Prix, you should! SOON! The 4 star rate is due to one of the tracks... You consistently stop due to cars breaking down, however the staff runs to you and is so on their toes to make sure you and other drivers are safe as well as they are out there quickly to make sure they get the ride going again as soon as possible. I suppose I should give them the 5th star because of the staff. Try the mini Grand Prix. You will not be let down.
3	So I brought my niece here for her birthday on Monday, Sept. 2 and it was my first time ever coming here. My first impression when I walked through those doors doors?!? WOW!!,....this place smells of SWASS (sweat and ass). I mean don't get me wrong, it's cheap and entertaining for the kids and yes they have good prices on their pizza but how can you have a party and eat when the place smells of swass??? All I'm saying is febreeze the place.On the other hand, like I mentioned before it was fun for those of you who enjoy go karts and all and very entertaining for kids. I do believe it's a good place to throw parties at. They have the $20 wristbands where you can ride all the rides for 1 hour which isn't too bad but when it's busy and you waste most of your time in line, then I thinks it's expensive. It should be more like $15 for 1 hour. As for the menu, I really like that you can see them cook your food so you know exactly what's going on. They have the large 1 topping pizza for $6 which is a good deal but that's only valid Mon-Thurs.
4	My son loves this place. He is tall enough where he can drive the go karts himself. Best deal is to get the $20 unlimited 1 hr pass  and let the kids run wild.They have kiddie coaster and airplane ride. Giant potato sack slide and even go karts for adults. If your over the giant singing mouse and tokens give this place a try, they are mascot free!!
4	We brought my nephew here twice and he loved it!  With 4 tracks to chose from, which ranged in speed, he had a ton of fun. For the smaller kids they had a lil track and a ride to keep them busy. For my nephew he enjoyed the next 2 larger tracks, the dragon roller coaster, the super slide and the tornado. There was a larger track for the bigger kids and adults. You need a drivers license to ride on that track.They also have a larger indoor area with an arcade and tables to enjoy your pizza and beverages. Check into yelp and receive a 3 for 2 ride deal. But the best options are to buy the wrist bands at $30 for 1 1/2 hours or $20 for 1 hour. It was clean family fun. I know my nephew will definitely want to stop by here again.
1	The workers here are really rude and mean. When ordering food, the cashier did not know what she was doing asked another coworker and called her "fcking stupid." My little 8 year old cousin asked to get her 284 tickets she won from a game but the workers refused and just gave her four tokens back...how rude! She worked hard for this tickets! This is suppose to be a family oriented place but turns out it ain't! NEVER COMING BACK, tbh.
4	I forgot how fun this place is! It's fun for the whole family or a group of friends. they have 4 go cart tracks. Kiddie rides and arcades. we didn't eat but I saw fresh pizza being cook. It looks way better than chuck e cheese. For $21 you can get an hour of rides. highly recommended for kid parties!
5	This place is so fun!! Best thing about our visit was seeing how happy my son was!He's only 2 1/2yrs old and couldn't do much, except the huge "Fun Slide" & the go-karts but with an adult. For a one-hour ticket, we paid $21.50 and was able to go on the slide once and 3 rounds of the go-karts! HUGE place! -- With arcade games inside & they serve pizza! Def hosting one of his birthdays here!
3	I your kid is close to 54" beware different employees perceive it differently...drove across town for the go karts that my son had previously driven to be turned away...just wait till your kid is clearly over 54" s
4	Brought the kids here to ride the rides and play in the arcade. Service was great! The cashier offered to help me bring my pitchers of water outside to our table since my hands were full pushing the baby. Other staff here were also nice and friendly. Got our kids the Hour Long Wristband for $22 each. Came around 7 and it was surprising not busy which was good because the kids got the most of their wristbands not having to wait in long lines for the rides. Arcade didn't have that big of a selection but this is a much older place so I guess its understandable.  Woyld be nice if they upgraded a little and do a little remodeling. It's been here forever and could use a goos touch up.
4	We love this place but $20 for a wristband for only 1 hour is not long enough.  It doesn't give you time to enjoy the rides and you obviously don't have time to stop and eat or go to the bathrooms.  If it happens to be crowded, then you only get on a few rides and the $20 wristband ends up being more expensive than the individual tickets.  We would go more often if they would fix this.  1.5 hours for $30 but it's the same principal, if you pay that much, you still can't stop to eat or anything so it's not worth it either.  $30 should be an all day pass, similiar to what Circus Circus does.
3	Took my two boys here (ages 8 & 9) on their spring break. It wasn't very crowded, which was nice.  We purchased 4 "1 hour ride" passes for $22/each.The employees were slow moving. Wasting our time, walking and working at a tortoises pace. My son stood in line to ride the solo cars, he was well over the red line; at least an inch over yet was told her was "too short" and not allowed to ride. The food was exactly what you would expect, greasy and over priced. We had fun, but this place could be a lot better with a new set of employees.
5	Came here for my nephews birthday, and it was a blast. I went about 10 times on the little go carts racing however not winning one... I made sure the kids beat me all the time ;). But great pizza and service, very family friendly.
5	Fun friendly fabulous ! Pizza , icees, games, and don't for get the cars! I'm from Cali and I brought the family to Vegas ... Again and we had to come back these kids luv it! Big kids to little kids. So highly recommended .
5	Went on a whim on Sunday afternoon and loved it! Cheap to hang out a few hours. Cheap food, friendly staff, fast lines, best of all if you buy a kids wrist band adults can ride free with them if they're not tall enough.. We totally be back again!'
3	This place needs a makeover. The rides are old and the place is a little dirty. My kids enjoyed it. They're 3&5years old. They were able to use the fun slide, mini roller coaster, plane ride and my daughter even rode the go carts with me.7.50 per ticket. Most adult rides are 1 ticket. Kids rides are mostly 1/2 a ticket. Icee was $2 and some change.
5	Great track, excellent and fun adult cars. Great place to enjoy by kids and adults.
5	My son celebrated his 10th birthday with several friends at this amazing amusement  park and arcade. We had 15 youngsters who had constant smiles from ear to ear. Management is very cautious about safety and have strict guidelines based on height. It is the first time I was able to eat at one of my son's birthday parties. The pizza is actually very good. Thank goodness I will never have to go back to Chucky Cheese!There are several ways for the kids to enjoy their visit. 2 go cart tracks were designed for children and have enough spirit to please ages from 5-10. For the enthusiasts with a driver's licenses, There is a third adult track that will satisfy their appetite for speed and a more ambitious track.As with most businesses there are good employees and bad. The mini park have more than their fair share of the bad. They do have however some excellent employees that are absorbing the job responsibilities of the bad. To mention a few, the only hostess that made sure refills of soft drinks, pizza and the birthday song was sung is Desiree. She made sure the distribution of cake and ice cream was made to all of my son's guests. She was always there to make sure our party was being attended to. On the management side was a young man named Alex. His continual efforts making certain that everything was to my satisfaction. Alex also was left with clearing of the tables and taking on the responsibilities of his almost worthless staff. Of course an amusement park with so much going on must be supervised by an upper management person. Although I have indicated an almost worthless staff, Senior management Sam is an extremely competent, personable gentleman. Sam is milking as much out of his staff as possible. Its my guess his turnover must be very high looking for employees wanting to work.There was a review of the mini park being in need of updating. I think that reviewer was not referring to the mini grand prix. This park is well ran, clean and in no need of repair. My son can hardly wait until his next birthday party at the mini park.
5	This is such a cool place and I hope I can add my own spin to this review.  If you are in Vegas and like to do things besides drinking and gambling 24/7, then you should know about things you can have fun with like dune buggies, helicopter rides, and places where you can shoot machine guns and other cool things that you can do for fun!  The problem with some of these places is that you have to drive far and make all these arrangements, pay high costs for what you get, and spend a large amount of time prepping and signing waivers and all that.  By the time you get back to your hotel you've spent the wholeeeeeee day doing just one thing for a few minutes.  While those things are all fun, there are other really cool things you can do that take a lot less effort and don't have to span over so many hours.  Las Vegas Mini Gran Prix is definitely one of these good deals that allows you leave the strip for a while and just have some real fun. If you have kids, this place is a GEM.  The staff is VERY friendly and they make sure the place is running well so you can sit back and have fun.  I went on the go-karts which are ridiculously cool.  You strap in and then you pull up to the red light. They turn it green and you better go!  You are being timed and will have a few laps to prove your worth on the racetrack.  My time got better each time and I would like to know how good it can get. I guess I'll find out on my next business trip.  These karts are FAST. They have a great engine inside and can go upwards of 60 mph.  Because the track is very twisty-turny you can't get anywhere near that speed but that won't stop you from taking sharp and overly fast turns and eventually really getting into the groove of racing.  You have to put a bit of elbow grease into your turns which makes the whole thing more satisfying by the time you get out.  If you like, they have younger children versions of the karts, they have a cool kiddy coaster (not so small), and some other carnvial and amusement park style rides (nothing too large).  Inside they have tons of games.  What's weird for me is that it appears that all of the games work but when I go to places like D & B there's usually around 10-20% broken games which always bugs me.  This place is in good shape by comparison.  Then, my favorite part...went inside to eat.  Lots more choices than I'm used to at an arcade type of place.  I'm from New York and I'm insanely picky about sandwiches, bagels, and pizza.  The pizza looked very good but I didn't have it.  I had a salad and split 2 sandwiches with my cohort.  Salad was fresh, sandwiches were italian with the works (new item) and roast beef with the works.  We got mozzarella on both and I was hoping they'd have provolone for the italian but I guess that people barely know what provolone is in some places.  The mozz had a strong flavor so it worked well for the sammies.  The roast beef was my favorite and I thought it was really good.  The bread was surprisingly excellent.  Very good taste, crunchyish crust, incredibly fresh...made the sandwich.  Go get this sandwich!  Where I'm from, places like this serve food that you could almost call fake. This was just shocking to me in a great way.  Even the fountain soda tasted good and as I get older I become more aware of things like dirty taps.  This place passed all of my tests which are generally strict guidelines.  All the staff was so friendly and helpful.  I'll be back for sure.  Let me know if you go and beat my 47+ seconds on the adult racetrack.
2	we have been coming here for over 10 years and this time the experience was horrible the host for our party was very rude was impossible to find half of the night did not give out the wristbands that i paid for to my guest when they arrived brought a dirty cake cutting utensil to our table to cut our cake didn't place order for our food forgot to bring out half the things i ordered the manager had a even worse attitude problem these people were impossible to deal with they ruined my party half of my guest didn't eat because the food didn't come and the kids didn't get to ride the rides because wrist bands are on a timer and the host had them all i could not find her we will definilty not be going back and i paid a deposit for this party and they said they could not find it !!!! there yet to do anything about that either and told me thats not the first that happened !!!!!
1	It's a pretty fun place when not completely  packed. But, i came here today to celebrate my brothers birthday, and the place was practically empty aside from our small group. And they didn't bother to turn on the music , nor did they even open the rides, blaming the weather , no rain. Aside from the girls who brought us our drinks and pizza, the rest of the staff was brand spanking new and far from friendly or talkative. They have a scan Qr that seems you get free tokens upon downloading their App. So I did just that, and apparently they have to give you another code to scan to unlock that, which they couldn't find! I saw they had another code there too for a free slice of pizza and a drink , so I scanned the one code they did have, and when I asked the New girl if I could redeem this one while I was at it, her manager which she called over again , who was very rude and accusing me of trying to use a code twice. Luckily the other girl there who let me scan and unlock the pizza code said I had just done it. He reluctantly gave the green for it. This place is poorly managed and gives off a very dead vibe. You'd think they'd be nicer to their only paying costumes. I won't be coming back again.
3	My kids love the Go Karts and there are a couple of fun rides if your children are 10 and under. The place can be a bit pricey for what you actually get but once or twice a year it's a fun place for a couple of hours with the kids. The pizza is actually bearable.
4	We went to this place early in the morning when it opened. We had a group of 4 adults and 5 kids in our party. We had the whole track to ourselves. Our kids ranged from 7 to 11. Everyone had a good time, ticket will get you several laps. Lots of fun especially if you go with a group of people you know.
