4	I'm trying for a long story short. Shut up. Quit laughing. Here goes...Moved here in Feb. Loved ALL. Especially office staff. Friendly, tall people I would recall. May 2007. New owners. Good by  favoritist apt. office people I have ever encountered in my long, mulit city and illustrious rental career. Hello, weird, kinda tacky can't say anymore in case they read his kinda people. Things, well, they kinda went downhill with maintainence, etc. And, unfortunately the new tennants they brought in. I mean really, does anybody still drink Mickey's Big Mouth and smoke clove cigarettes's? Honestly! But I held out, cuz I'm an optimist and things took a turn for the best when I arrived home tonight to find the following sign posted on our gate: Jack O Lantern contest extended. Ends tomorrow at 6 pm. 1st prize $200 rent credit. 2nd prize $150 rent credit. 3rd prize $100 rent credit. KICK ASS on that! Where's my pumpkin, knife and stencil...
5	I've lived in many apartment complexes, and this is definitely the best.  Great location, nice apartments and friendly staff for a reasonable price - I'd recommend it to anyone.
2	I have not lived here, so I have to start with that, which I guess means this isn't the best review, but whatevs.I went to check out the apartment because they were in my price range. The smallest 2-bedroom ("The Sanctuary") was actually not the greatest floor plan even though I was looking forward to its unique layout. The patio was small and the dining room was actually just big enough for a small table and 4 chairs, but the rooms were fairly big.The lady showing us around was nice enough, but a little short at times. Everything was iffy until it came down to two things; I loved the French doors but as soon as I found a huge American cockroach I was pretty much out.Also, the "Soleil" were above garages, had a much better layout, and had no evidence of roaches. It is possible those units have them, too, however not necessarily because they are in a separate building. Regardless, I didn't take my chance and I don't think you should either.
1	Clarendon Park Apartments...SUCK IT! Charging me $30 to clean my tub (pahleeze, I make Felix Unger look like a slob!), $25 for a broken towel rack (which had been wobblly since day one and repaired several times) and a carpet cleaning charge on carpet that is 8 years old AND I know you replaced it after I moved out.SUCK IT!You'll NEVER get that money from me. Not funny people, but hopefully useful and I tried, oh I tried to be cool.
