5	Stephanie is a very talented, professional makeup artist. She is very creative and the makeup she does is always flawless. She takes pride in the work that she does, and she is very fun to work with! She will make you look incredible on any type of event that you choose!
5	Stephanie is amazing! She is my go to person in Arizona. Her skills and attention to detail amaze me. On top of it, she is very friendly and down to earth. Very knowledgeable in her field. Plus, if you have ANY questions about application etc, she is so helping at teaching and explaining! I cannot stress enough how much I have enjoyed having Stephanie do my makeup. I will definitely continue to use her every chance I get!
5	I had two trials before coming across Stephanie, both of which were not what I was looking for, for my wedding day. Stephanie was highly recommended by Bare Escentuals (my favorite makeup). After my trial with her I was so excited and knew she was my perfect fit! She was punctual, professional and very sweet. She is very talented and has a brilliant eye for playing up natural beauty! She even took on my mother last minute and did a beautiful job on all of my bridesmaids! I felt so beautiful and am so thankful to Stephanie for something I will always remember.I would hire her again and you should too!Amy S. Mesa, AZ
5	Stephanie did wedding make-up for me, bridesmaids and family, she was absolutely amazing! Despite the fact that we had 6 women and 2 girls to do make-up for that day of she was extremely meticulous and took the time to make each and every person gorgeous! For myself, we had actually had a trial and little did she know I was going to completely change what I wanted. She of course was prepared and did exactly what I had requested, it turned out just perfect and I felt the most beautiful I have ever felt! It was a pleasure to work with Stephanie and I appreciate all her hard work and attention to detail. My day was even more amazing because Stephanie helped to make it that way!
5	SHE IS AMAZING!!!I don't even know where to begin on saying how amazing Stephanie is as a makeup artist and person.She scheduled a trial run with me, and had open communication from the very beginning. She was quick to text, call and email to make sure the timing would be great, and set up prepared. The trial run went amazing, and her personality was definitely the thing to not bat an eye to confirming her for my wedding makeup. She was so easy to talk to, and knowing that her conversations came easy, let me know that she would ease any anxieties on our big day.The morning of the wedding, she came even earlier than my before sunrise scheduled time. She had everything prepared and set up, including a makeup chair to make sure she had the perfect angle. Again, her personality was just the highlight, and I felt not one bit of nerves as she gabbed with myself, my Mom, and my hairstylist. She was so meticulous to make sure that the makeup was exactly how I wanted it, and that it would last all day. She applied everything with precision and made me feel beautiful for the event. She even applied my Mom's lashes for her.I truly cannot begin to tell you how wonderful of an experience I had with Stephanie; I would highly recommend her for any makeup needs, and would use her over and over again for any event that comes up in the future. She made my day even that much more special because I felt confident in my appearance. My makeup stayed all night, and even the last photos of the evening (14 hours after she applied it) still look flawless. I have acne scarring and she hid everything perfectly. I literally could not say thank you enough to her for her amazing techniques.BOOK HER!!
5	To say that I loved working with Stephanie would be a HUGE understatement! She is absolutely amazing - in fact, I would go so far as to say she is the best in the greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area. I actually came across Stephanie's Yelp! reviews and was sold. I was actually set to work with another vendor (who shall remain nameless), but they were overpriced and unreasonable. Stephanie, on the other hand, was the direct opposite. She was professional, courteous, sweet, easy to get along with, and - of course - beyond talented as a makeup artist. She made me feel absolutely gorgeous on my wedding day, and the best part was that she did the same for the mother's and my GINORMOUS wedding party! I cannot begin to tell you how many compliments I got not only on my makeup, but on my wedding party's as well. In fact, one of my bridesmaids is getting married in a few months and she loved Steph so much she is using her as well. If you have any doubt about whether or not you should use Stephanie for your makeup needs you shouldn't. She is absolutely incredible and you won't regret working with her!
5	Stephanie is true professional and very easy to work with! I was recently married and she was great!We did a trial run about 3 weeks before to get an idea of what would work and to try a few things out! She was very open to my requests, but also challenged me to push my limits some since I don't typically wear a ton of makeup everyday! On the big day, she arrived exactly on time and was ready to go! She is one woman traveling show that is very efficient and knows what she is doing!My only thing that I would change, now knowing my hair took only a short bit, is I would have done my makeup after my hair. Kicking the day off with makeup at 8am was tough and I did need a little blending and touch up in the afternoon due to the length of the day, but that was on me and my scheduling!Her rates are very competitive ($65 I think for the trial and $150 for the day of, with the bridesmaid estimate of $65) and she brings everything to your home or desired location!She is a doll! Couldn't be happier with her!
5	I was married in May and used Stephanie as the makeup artist for myself and 4 bridesmaids. She was on-time, very professional and a joy to talk to while getting all of us ready. We did a trial run before the big day and tried out a look I had seen on Pinterest. The day of the wedding she had no problem re-creating this look but tweaking it slightly for me. My makeup was flawless and even better than how I had imagined I'd want to look. My bridesmaids were very pleased as well and looked so beautiful! Their makeup was cohesive to my own makeup and the photos looked fabulous. The makeup lasted all night with no need to reapply anything except for some lip gloss. I had major dark circles and a slight blemish on my chin and she covered them up for me, you couldn't even tell I hadn't had much sleep the night before. I'm very happy I chose Stephanie as my makeup artist for my wedding day.
5	I will de decently recommend this place..
5	Stephanie is such a talent, you'd be crazy not to hire her to do your makeup!I searched high and low for a makeup artist for my wedding day (I am super picky about my makeup), Stephanie nailed it! Not only did she do a great job on my makeup but also ALL of my bridesmaids, my Mom, Mother in Law and Grandma! Everyone looked their best and everyone LOVED their makeup. Can't thank miss Stephanie enough! If only I could hire her to do my makeup every day!
