4	Turkey Artichoke Hot Panini, Smoked Turkey Breast, Tuna Salad... Yum! I really enjoy this place. I just wish they had different side items. I don't like potato chips much and the other choices are... an apple or bread. A sandwich plus a side of bread is just too much bread.  Even if it is delicious bakery bread. And an apple? There is no choice of "braeburn", "pink lady" or "Gravenstein". I would want organic and waxfree if I'm going to have an apple anyway. I've enjoyed a croissant here a time or three. Maybe four.
4	I'm a fan. They've got great customer service, great food, and free wireless. You can set up camp for 5 hours, and nobody will bother you a bit. My favorite are location is the one off Providence, at that nightmare intersection of Providence and Providence and Queens and Queens. The staff is friendly, and the service is fast. Right now, the roasted tomato panini is magical. There's a great tomato soup that is good with it as well. I think it's a little stupid that they give you a side of bread to go with your bread sandwiches, but that's ok. I spring for the apple when they remember to ask. One of the most recent times I was there, the lady at the cash register gave me a cookie for free because it broke when she went to pick it up. That's the best...the cookie totally didn't taste broken at all! Hah!
3	I'll admit to wanting to like Panera Bread, but having a hard time doing so.  It's something like Starbucks in that regard.  I think it's because I just don't go there often.The service is almost always top-notch, and you also have to like that they have free wireless connectivity (when it works).  But really - who cares if you have free access for your laptop when you're eating, and while there are people who sit there for hours at a time to use up the free services, who wants to do that?  I'd rather sit on my computer at home than do it at Panera.My biggest complaint is that I can't find something that really hits the spot.  Yes, the drinks are decent, as are the bread offerings, but they don't really fill me up.  If I want a sandwich, I'll go the fridge rather than go to Panera.  It's not that they are bad, it's just not my thing.
4	Fast service, great location, good food! I love their Italian Cut Combo sandwich. Its absoultely the best! I always get that with a cup of their chicken noodle soup and a cookie. Their chocolate chip cookies are super yummy also.Its a little bit pricey when you're talking about sandwiches, but its fresh and well worth the price you pay!
2	Look, I love Panera Bread... the food at least.  This particular Panera is filthy EVERY time I go in there which has been to the tune of 2-3 times a week.  Not to mention, every single time I order a sugar free vanilla latte I get it with no vanilla.  I'm on my last leg with this Panera.
1	I'm usually a panera fan but this location is way too busy. I went here yesterday for lunch and he line was out the door. After making it through the agonizing line.... there was a back up at the service counter since they were do busy. Estimated time wasted waiting was approximately 30min... which for a panera is pretty bad.I may hive this place another shot since the Thai chopped chicken salad was okay. I'll just try to avoid it on weekends or busy lunch dinner hours.
3	Once again, it's Panera.  This location is usually jam-packed and parking can be a hassle (although you can park in the Target lot).  Service is pretty fast for take out; however, due to how slammed this location is at seemingly any given time of day, I usually visit the Indian Trail location if I want to sit at a table for a while.
5	Extremely fast and friendly service!
3	Wow - didn't realize my first review of this place was so error ridden and grammatically challenged.  I will blame it on autocorrect on my phone, but who is to say it wasn't my full emotional anger coming through in my review.Since my first review, I have come back and had pretty decent experiences here.  Just have to know when to hit it (avoid the weekends) during odd hours to make sure  crowds and wait times aren't as bad.
4	Resturant prices at a 'fast food-ish' type place... but the quality is worth it. Everything is super fresh and they pay attention to detail. I love the food, black bean soup is addicting and the salads are super fresh and loaded with veggies. Good casual place that is kid friendly, has wi-fi and an amazing dessert/bread selection. If you want to sit, relax and eat perfect spot.
4	Good, solid panera.  Nothing extraordinary, but you know what you're getting.
4	My chicken sandwich was good but overcooked, the bread's crust was extremely hard.  The cooks and other employees were talking loudly and not real helpful.  My friend had never been there and ordered a ham sandwich and wasn't asked if she wanted hot or cold?  disappointed with a cold sandwich!!
5	This Panera, located right in front of the Target off of Hwy 51 in Matthews is HUGE.  Plenty of both indoor and outdoor seating, they have your typical Panera selection of sandwiches, salads, soups and pastries.  The Saturday lunchtime crowd was crushing forward and the staff handled it like pros, keeping everyone moving.I had the big kid grilled cheese with a cup of their broccoli cheddar soup, with a bear claw for dessert.  YUM!  Mom and dad both got ham and swiss with soup, with mom trying the corn chowder which smelled delicious.  She let me have a taste and it was delicious.  Although a little heavier on cilantro than I would care for, it was very tasty.  After discovering my love for the Panera, I got one of their cards (like everyone has) and in just a few visits several free things have accumulated, so if you think you are going to be a repeat customer, take a minute and get the card for free drinks, pastries and such.There is a lot of "compact" car parking at this location (eye roll), so you may have to park at the back of the Target lot and hoof it - but it isn't too bad.  It's worth it!
3	I never used to like Panera. At all.I gave Panera another shot after so long last year. If you're picky about your food though, I wouldn't come here. Most of their food has a ton of ingredients. I always forget what I order every time I come here, but it's a turkey/ham sandwich with some orange sauce on the bread. It's delicious.The service hasn't really been good though. Especially when you pick up your food, everyone has a "I want to leave" look on their face. Panera is also very open when it comes to seating.
2	I generally enjoy Panera's salads, but I had a bad experience here the other day with a take-out salad. I ordered the Chopped Chicken Thai salad.  I did not discover until I got home that they completely left the chicken off my salad!!   Super disappointing! This Panera needs to do a better job making sure orders are correct before sending them out the door.
2	Great food, great atmosphere, but POOR customer service.  No smiles on the cashiers at all.  They just never seem happy to be there.
5	They went above and beyond for me! I order the Fuji apple chicken salad and didn't realize it had a cheese on it I didn't like and they remade it for me with no problem and brought it right to me fast. The three people I came into contact with we're all super friendly! Thanks guys!
2	I really love panera, the Caesar salad to me is amazing I think I'm in love and addicted.  I go in this one in a Matthews a lot because I love the salad and it's close to me, well every time I go in this one I ask for extra dressing. Let's face it no one likes dry salads, well maybe there are some that do but I'm not one.  Any who every time I order I always run into a Caesar dressing sergeant. I always here the employees that's making the food gasp and say why do she want extra dressing, and they do it every time as if there is a dressing shortage in the area. Yo me it's silly an unprofessional they realize that I'm looking at them talk about me and they respond with hey how are you doing. Not sure what the problem is but if it's offered on the menu and is apart of the salad that I pay 10 dollars for on a regular basis then what's the problem?
4	Consistently good food with seasonal choices available. There is a variety fresh bakery items as well as healthier options. Lunch is busy, but they do a great job keeping the line moving.The service at lunch is top notch...!
1	@panerabread sucks. Matthews NC location "ran out of flatbread." Cashier was very polite, though. Seems something that might happen to a bush league manager, given that they are in the middle of a national flatbread campaign. Went elsewhere. One star for cashier courtesy, zero stars for stupidity.
4	Panera Bread is usually a pretty good bet when you are traveling and are unfamiliar with the local places, as my son and I were this past weekend.  My pet peeve with Panera is that the food order comes out in a hap-hazard way.  But not at this location!  I was so delighted to be handed a gadget to place on my table and was told that the order would come to me!  Hallelujah!  And it did - the complete order all in one go, and in a speedy fashion.  So refreshing to get this sort of service.  I was there with my son for a quick bite on Saturday lunchtime so the smooth and efficient service surpassed my expectations.  PS  The turkey chili was amazing.....I had never had that off the menu before, and I highly recommend it.  Came away very happy.  Great Panera location.
