4	I really like this nail salon. They always have staff ready, or will call one in from a sister salon across the street. They actually sanitize the footbaths and have good massage chairs. I go here all the time and their prices are reasonable for being so close to downtown.
4	Always enjoy my experience here!! Place is always clean and massage chair are primo. The pedicures seem last about 2-3 weeks and the callous remover works wonders!!!
4	They do a great jobBeen coming here since they opened a couple years agoHappy with the service a good clean place to go
4	I had a great manicure and spa pedicure for $37. They were able to fit me in when I called at 5:00pm on a Saturday night. The decor is nice and inviting -- painted cloud ceilings and lucky bamboo. Both technicians did a thorough job and also massaged my arms and legs with lotion. I enjoyed the whole experience!
2	To be honest, every time I come here I end up unsatisfied. Their prices are extremely high, and although their nail techs are qualified, they never seem to do what I ask them to do. Whenever I get my nails done I always do gel mani and gel pedi together. At most places I go, I get charged $60 for both. Here I get charged $80. The water for the feet soaks is below room temp- so, pretty much cold. My nailbeds always have cuticles remaining as I leave, and (in the case of the last time I was here) the polish didn't even go down to where my nail actually starts. I have pictures (taken less than 24hrs from when I was in the salon) posted. Extremely dissatisfied. The only reason I come here is for convenience of location. Otherwise, my recommendation would be to stay away if you want to get a good manicure and not pay an arm and a leg for it.
5	I have been coming to Moriah regularly for the past few months. I typically get a full set or fill, depending on the need. I always ask for Ana - she's the best nail tech, very friendly, and always remembers me and my stories. The price is a little high, but it's totally worth it considering the other horrible experiences I've had in the area. I will forever be a regular client.
2	My daughter and I sometimes spend a little one on one time together to maintain the all important closeness between us. Today I suggested we go and get pedicures. I searched for a place that has those awesome kid's chairs but the only place I found was booked until afternoon so we headed to a place more local and found Moriah's. I liked the environment at Moriah's and the lighting was low and relaxing. I asked for two pedicures and the girl helping us eyed my daughter as if it was the first time she'd ever seen a child. I was surprised by this since this is not the first time I'd taken Mini Me for a pedicure. As we sat down, the ladies eyed us as if I might be the worst mother in the world to take my daughter to a nail salon. It made me really uncomfortable. It's not like I was getting her acrylic nails and a weave. We paint her nails at home all the time. Immediately after the pedicures, they took my payment and told me to have a nice day, not in a way that made me feel like she genuinely wanted me to have a nice day but in a get out now kind of way. Again, I felt uncomfortable. I thanked her and handed her a tip for her and the girl who worked on my daughter and she didn't even look up to say thank you.I don't expect great customer service at a nail place but I do expect to feel like a decent person after I leave. I've never felt like a bigger pain in the butt for coming into a place of business. I will not return to Moriah's. There are too many nail places in the world to go back to a place like this.
5	I love this place...Daniel the owner is very good and is always willing to make you feel special...I have gone to many other nail spas in the area, and this one is by far the best.  Easy to get appointments and always on time.  The spa is always clean and I can count on any of the techs to do a great job...
