5	You will not find a better place to live in Scottsdale!!! The apartments are amazing and my kitchen is nicer than what most people have in their houses. The staff here is so incredibly sweet and professional.. that is extremely important! The complex is just breathtaking... Where else can you live with as nice as a pool area as this one? Cabanas with flat screen TVs, mist fans, fire place, towel service... C'mon. The gym is 2 stories, fully equipped, floor to ceiling glass and foldable doors... It's BEAUTIFUL. My personal trainer comes here and is so amazed. On to Roger, he's the best maintenance guy I have ever had experience with. He always comes ASAP after putting in a request and he is so respectful.If you don't live here you'll be living in worse. You cannot beat this complex. I think anyone who tours it can see that for themselves and I think anyone considering moving here should let the tour speak for itself. You get what you see and it's pretty close to the best.
2	I moved into this apartment complex a little over 2 months ago. It is a brand new complex and has many common amenities. It is situated on the border of Scottsdale and Paradise Valley. I am giving it 2 stars for the below unbiased reasons:1) Every unit has a built in fan in the bathroom that cannot ever be turned off. The fan runs 24/7 and flashes a green light. While some may not find it to be a big disturbance, I personally find it difficult to sleep well with the fan perpetually on without wearing earplugs. Broadstone Alliance has turned it on so that it can pursue Leed certification. (Leed certification can lead to tax savings for corporations). The manager claims it benefits tenants due to the constant clean air, you can be the judge. 2) You can hear noise in hallways vividly. While noise insulation between units appears decent, because there is a slit under unit doors, if you are unfortunate to have neighbors who will speak loudly in the hallways and odd hours, it is audible.  3) Apartments monthly rent can be for example $1299 for a studio, $1500+ for a 1bdrm and you must have renter's insurance. (keep in mind the area, this is not NYC)4) If you want to break the lease the manager has stated that it will be 2 months rent plus any incentives you received at lease signing. Apply that to the sample apartment rents.  $2600 and $3000+. I was not offered any negation room to break the lease.  It is up to you to decide whether it is worth the price. At such high prices I would expect the corporation to have enough decency to leave the fan in the bathroom off for the benefit of it's occupants sense of calm and quiet and treat tenants with more understanding when people are uncomfortable and require lease breaks.
5	I have now been living at Broadstone Lincoln for 6 months, So half way through my lease. I think it's only fair to write a review after having lived here for at least a few months. Who wouldn't rate this place 5 stars after just moving in. At the surface this place seams to have 5 star amenities and a 5 star staff but with my experience that usually fizzles away once they get you to commit to a year lease and a commission check has been cashed. Well, that couldn't be farther from the truth here! I truly feel at home here and among all the new choices for luxury high end rental properties I couldn't imagine anyone doing it better than broadstone Lincoln. First off.... Location!!!! Almost a dozen high end local restaurants (no chain restaurants here), AJ's, trader joes, Starbucks, dry cleaners, every bank! Yes, b of a, chase, Wells Fargo all within walking distance. (5 min or less walking)     Units are beautiful inside, high end appliances, GAS stove, dim lighting features just to name a few. The property is extremely well kept and always very clean. Underground parking which is so important in the summer months. The pool is nicer than most 5 star hotel/resorts. Cabanas, mister, grills. One thing I love is the artificial turf around the whole property. It really keeps everything looking great. Two story gym plus a separate building dedicated to yoga.  Staff here is great. I've had two issues, one with a drain problem once and a small leak from my patio door after a huge storm. Both were fixed the next day with a follow up after that. Can't complain there.    All in all this is a great place to live. It's worth the extra money a month if this is on the top end of your budget. Trust me. I see all these high end comps in the heart of old town and don't see why anyone would want to live there. Too close to all the noise and traffic. This is a 5 min drive from old town Scottsdale and far enough away to enjoy living in a high end community within a high end neighborhood.
