4	My sister first discover this place because she loves Japanese food. When I use to work in the Ballantyne area we would go here at least once or even twice a week for lunch. The prices are very reasonable and you get your money's worth of food. The lady that owns the restaurant is also extremely friendly and service is always fast. Definately worth a try if you love Japanese food and sweet carrots!
5	Located near the Morrison Y in the Ballantyne area, this place has amazing take out!  Fast service...fresh food...and plenty of it!  We ordered the teriyaki chicken with broccoli, hibachi steak with mushrooms, an order of zucchini and onions, and a couple of salad bowls.  The entrees came with fried rice and carrots...and the carrots are so good they could be dessert.  I can tell it might be a problem living so close to this place.  The food is craveable...
4	Did take out for lunch from here and it's what I was hoping for: cheap, quick japanese! Carrots were a little too watery, but the hibachi chicken and mushrooms were right on point, my white rice was cooked perfectly and the shrimp sauce was YUM! huge portion (take out contanier filled to the brim!), all for $6.95+tax.Totally worth the stop if you're in Ballantyne and looking for a great meal on a budget!
3	I've had hibachi take out from here several times and its not bad but I've had better!  Lunch chicken hibachi entree is probably in the $7 range.  I'm not really big on the carrot side that you get either, just not a huge fan of carrots I guess.As long as Tokyo Japanese is in business down the road I will not be going to Tokyo One for their lunch hibachi take out.  Tokyo's chicken hibachi lunch special comes with soup, salad, awesome chicken hibachi, and two big scoops of rice for $4.95 which is unbeatable.  It's good quality food to boot!
4	Love this place!  Definitely my go to when I do not want to cook!  Love the Hibachi shrimp.  The owners are also extremely nice and always remember me!
4	Pretty good hibachi and great staff! Even the gentleman who cooks in the back always waves and smiles when i come in.  Always get takeout here.:-)
2	Wish their have more dishes on the menu ... The food is okI have some noodles  the noodle look like italian pasta wrong noodles for a Japanese restaurant
4	Exactly what you'd expect from a "fast food" Japanese joint -  no more, no less. Got a hankerin' for hibachi? Hits the spot! Generous portions for reasonable prices. Staff is extremely friendly. Def one of my staple comfort food spots!
