4	I have no complaints. Rarely have to wait for a machine. Brand new facility so it's clean, that's how I hope it will stay. No real meat heads here. It is close to a high school. Thankfully there isn't a huge amount from there. I would say  .5 percent are kids. 75% are the average Joes trying to get fit.  The last 24.5% (yes I know my math) are those in shape and trying to stay in shape. The a/c is weak in certain parts which makes it muggy sometimes. Other places it's pumping out. Staff says hi at the door like they are paid. Not much more, they don't try to upset anything they got going on. If I hadn't been a member at another gym before I'd be confused by a few things. Stretching area is small and cluttered. Not sure if there is a remedy for that. It's close to where I live and convenient times to work out. That's all that really matters in a gym. Don't complain about prices or cancellation fees, those are just your excuse as to why you aren't in shape. It's also next to a delicious gyro place if you want to "cheat"  haaa
5	I can not emphasize enough to you how happy I am about this Youfit. Our neighborhood has been severely lacking in the metal pumping locations for so long. I used to haul myself to a gym up to 7 miles away to get my sweat on, which meant I NEVER went, because the distance was my excuse.No more! Thanks to Youfit I can ride my bike or jog or walk to my gym now. And I can tell the neighborhood loves it, because I can not go in without seeing someone I know, whether that be a high school teacher, Bashas worker or fellow church goer. Now that's community! Once I got over everyone I've ever known seeing me sweaty and gross, I started to enjoy this effect. I'm glad we're all getting fit at Youfit.I like that Youfit is machine-centered. They have a nice do it yourself circuit in the very front, that if followed gives you a good 30-45 minute workout. There are also plenty of cardio machines, I've never waited for one! The price is also right, at $10 a month. Or if you are a student- $1 a day over the summer! The staff is friendly, the gym is clean! This is what our corner needed!
5	I just joined.  Today I had a fitness assessment which is free. I'm excited about this new venture to better health. It is a very nice environment with a friendly and helpful staff.
5	I like this location much more than others I've been to. The staff is really friendly, it is kept clean and all the equipment is brand new. I think the best part is it's usually pretty empty in there!
4	I love the new equipment and the layout of the gym! First time here so haven't really got use to the staff but its definitely worth a return!
4	Joined this gym about 4 months ago and so far no complaints. The staff is friendly, machines are clean and there are tons of cardio machines. Stretching area is small and can get crowded especially when personal trainings are taking place but not too big of a deal. I have been training with CJ since I started and he is helpful and will focus on areas you need help in while making sure your form is proper. Although I miss group classes that I took at other gyms, you cannot beat the price. The crowd is mixed but not pretentious. TV's on cardio machines and center of the gym for your viewing pleasure while you sweat it out. I live between this location and Bethany so I opted for the membership option that allows me to utilize both which makes life easy.
