5	I recently had the pleasure of working with these guys.  I throw a lot of parties and in the last couple years a photo booth has been the focal point of every party.  I swear people spend more time in these photo booths then they do anything else.  Anyhow when throwing a party in vegas I normally go with the same people to rent from however for reasons I wont go into they bailed and I found Joy Squad.  It is safe to say I will be sticking with these guys from now on.  They helped me out at the last minute and were amazing.  They sent Leslie and this other guy, who's name I cant remember but they were both really professional. They were set up right away and had an awesome camera booth.  Sometimes you get some guy with a web cam in a box but their photos came out great. PROFESSIONAL.  They not only put them online for everyone but the booth also printed them out and people got a hard copy.  There was always people getting back in line again and again. Thanks for help making my party a hit, cant wait for the next time.
5	Contacted Joy Squad about a photo booth set up for our company conference.  Leslie and her team were quick to respond to my questions, and were set up and ready to go before the reception began!The staff were extremely friendly and the entire group loved the photo booth!  The attendant at the booth was extremely patient with all of our attendees and was friendly the entire time.Leslie made sure we had everything we needed and made it a point to come back at the end and make sure everything went well.  I HIGHLY recommend using Joy Squad, and their prices are extremely competitive.
5	I work at a law firm that has the perfect building for special events and we have worked with Joy Squad on four separate occasions.  The first time I met Leslie and Joy Squad was at a friend's wedding last year that was held at our firm.  After seeing their work, I wanted them at our firm's upcoming annual party.  It was such a great addition to our event, everybody had a great time using the photo booth, and our guests walked away with a great memento that had our business information on it!  Since then, we have used them for a surprise birthday party and this years annual event.  Joy Squad will customize backgrounds to suit your needs and after your event is done, they give you copies of all of the photos that were taken at the event.  For the birthday party and the wedding, they even did a lovely photo album for the guest(s) of honor as a take away from the event.  It was an incredible and beautiful gift that will be with them forever - a perfect way to always remember their special day.Coming from somebody who has 12+ years experience in event planning, I highly recommend Leslie and the Joy Squad for any event!  They are great to work with and are perfect for weddings, birthday's, corporate events, or any other event or party!
5	We hired Joy Squad for our wedding Oct 12.  The quality of the photos are great and their props were awesome.  They let me custom design the photo sheet-- so easy!  The attendants were so very nice and friendly.  Everything went very smoothly and I'm glad that I picked them as our photobooth vendor.
5	Joy Squad hosted a Photo Booth for our wedding Mach 22 and they were awesome! The attendant was super nice and very helpful with the props. The props were in great condition and there was so MANY options!Just my first impression of the company was great. Leslie was quick to answer ALL my emails and she was very easy to work with.David did an AMAZING job designing our photo paper.Overall a great experience. I would definitely use them again. HIGHLY recommended.
5	Best photo booth ever!! Leslie is super easy to work with and has some great creative ideas.  We did the green screen for our wedding in March and they came up with some awesome backgrounds and overlays.  The photo booth attendants were so much fun and they provided great props.  Our guests loved it and we received a cool scrapbook with all the images after the wedding.  I would absolutely recommend the Joy Squad!
5	Joy Squad was amazing to work with! Our wedding planner recommended them and it was one of the best parts of our wedding. The two booth attendants, the value for their services and the personalized photo frames were amazing. Seriously, we had people going back two, three, ten times because the booth was that much fun. And the photo/lighting quality was beyond what we expected. We'd highly recommend Joy Squad to anyone and everyone, especially the discerning/type-A/particular bride!
5	I cannot say enough positive words about Joy Squad Las Vegas! Working with Andria and Leslie was a complete "joy"! The company was extremely responsive, flexible and accommodating, even with last minute changes.  They did an outstanding job of maintaining contact months before the event, and their high level of customer service really stood out among the competitors. Andria and Leslie, were a pleasure to work with, kind and considerate, always willing to answer questions (even ones asked multiple times!).  The Photobooth was amazing, high picture quality and based on the on-site team's feedback, their interaction at the booth was amazing. We will certainly consider Joy Squad Las Vegas for future corporate trade show events. Thank you!
