5	We got here as part of the Calle 16 Jane's Walk last Sunday, and my 18 year-old daughter's eyes just lit up.  To make that happen nowadays takes something very special.They have work by some of the original artists of Art Detour on up to hand made fashions by designers just starting out.  She got a painted Band Aid box from back in the day ...Eclectic aesthetic by the people who are repurposing this '50s era insurance agency building - the architect-owner offices out of the old vault [originally used to store vital insurance documents in the pre digital age].They let their designers do street art on the front street walls, thus joining the multicultural muralistas all up and down Calle Dieciseis.
5	The art openings here are superb...always fabulous food and drinks plus often a local musician!  The owners, Steve and Julia, are uber helpful...even coming to our house to help us hang our newly procured art!  The Bee's Knees boutique is also open during gallery nights, so after you've perused the fine art, you can head inside to check out the other "art"...handmade jewelry, collectables, accessories and clothes.To find out about gallery openings in advance, get on their mailing list or check out FB.  The quality of art being shown here is amazing...they bring in very unique, often famous and always talented artists.  Artists are encouraged to do installations as well as "experiential" art...so I highly recommend gallery nights here!!  (Also, younger artists (children) are welcome here on gallery openings.  Once they even had a snow cone machine going!!!)
4	Aptly named, The Hive is a center of Phoenix creativity.  Not in the sense that a University or art museum is a center of creativity.  The hive is a place grassroots bees rent studio space, spend time, bounce ideas, create for the public, shows here, and events like the Santa Fe Indian Market.  There's lots going on.  Part of Phoenix's future is growing, developing and appearing here.  Event space available too.
5	This place is fascinating! It's got murals, a vintage boutique, a coffee shop, artisan workspaces, art installations and gallery shows, and one time there were even free tacos being served in the back! The setup reminds me of a post-apocalyptic communal space where there's lots of odds and ends, cacti, metal, whatchamacallits, and plenty of good vibes to go around.
