4	Been using this groomer for years.  They are friendly and kind with all the pets.  Reasonably priced too. I book the first appointment, otherwise your dog is there for hours...it is a busy place.
5	We took our dog Bandit to Dogs Day Out on a recommendation from our neighbor.  The first time we took him there, we were still new dog owners.Twice before our first visit to Dogs Day Out, we actually just took Bandit to Petsmart.  It was expensive, and the "groomers" there didn't particularly strike me as dog lovers.  (Well, not all of them, anyways.)The people at Dogs Day Out are friendly, and you can really tell that they absolutely LOVE dogs.  Not only that, they do a superb job with Bandit.  He comes out of there looking happy.  They even put a little bandana around his neck when he's done.The prices there are very fair, and much less than chain stores.  I highly recommend the services of Dogs Day Out.
5	My 110 lb+ American Bulldog, Tebow, thinks he is a still a little puppy, and is extremely excitable. He was getting a bit dirty in the Arizona desert, so I scheduled him for spa day. When we arrived at Dogs Day Out, Inc, he was calm, chill and not pulling. All the people there definitely are dog lovers, and the instant we walked in, he knew it. I picked him up a couple hours later, and Tebow is super clean, trimmed, smells great and passed out relax! Dogs Day Out was wonderful; he loved everyone there, and they did a great job! Thank you very much!
1	Not sure why they didnt do a good job. Took my Westie there and cut was choppie and uneven, even his eyebrows were uneven. They shaved his behind and know his backside is pink and looks like a baboon's backside :(  wont be going there again.
5	These ladies are just FABULOUS! My little dog Woodstock is a pain in the ass to groom. I have been taking him here for about 4 years now. They are so loving and good with him. Just wonderful to deal with and their prices are fantastic. I can't say enough kind words about them. And. although Woody does not like to be groomed, he loves these gals. :) THANK YOU LADIES!!
5	Yet another spa day for my little guy. I love these ladies (and gent) and can't say enough nice things about them. My little boy comes out fluffy and shiny and HAPPY! And he is actually excited to see them! Thank you ladies!
1	We were 1st time customers here & gave them directions of no more than a half inch as our dog is Pomeranian with a lovely mane.  Picked up the dog & they shaved her completely down!  You can see her skin completely behind her ears!  She looks terrible & doesn't even look like the same dog!  I called & complained & told them how devastated I was at how she looked.  They apologized & made no attempt to try & make a new customer feel better about ruining their dogs fur!  No offer of any compensation &  just claimed they miscommunicated but the did nothing wrong!  My poor kids literally cried when they saw how she looked & that they shaved her!  Horrible groomer & no customer service skills whatsoever!!!
5	Awesome! One of the few small businesses that meet my expectations and then some. I am relatively new here and was looking for a groomer for my almost 100 pd. dog german shepard mix. He blows two coats ( top and undercoat) and it is impossible for me to keep up  when the weather changes even brushing daily.  Hair just falls off him in clumps  when he walks... that is the condition he was in... I called DDO and got a quick appointment at the time I wanted.  I asked for a bath/shedding treatment. They were friendly and professional at drop off.  Even though he is big, it only took two hours.  The best part was when I went to pick him up.  He was almost sleeping in the middle of the floor, no stress whats so ever.    And WHAT a job!!  He was super clean and ALL his lose hair was gone!  All at a price 30% less then what I have been charged else where for a so so or bad job. Other places have all this fancy "treatment" stuff that doesn't do so great a job but cost an arm and leg .... If you want groomer, you have to try this place. They are near the freeway so convent to most in the area. I will get him groomed more because the price is right and quality is high. You got to love it when businesses do what the say they will....... how refreshing.  Thanks Dog Days Out!
