5	I so cannot believe I am going to write about $1 store... but I just HAD to.This place is brand new.Sparkling new.Party Favors Galore!Everything was neat & tidy.Pool Noodles $1 - usually $5.Nice Bath, Spa & Shower Goodies.Alll shelves stocked up the Ying Yang.Fabby end-of-year Teacher & Grad gifts.Great Storage Bins of all shapes & sizes.So, as you can see, a dollar store impressed me.  I'm going back tomorrow for a shipment of solar patio lights there getting in.  Yes. Solar Lights.  For $1.  Cool?  or what?
4	This one is all new and shiny and stuff!  I know it's a dollar tree so it won't last long... but this location is great for party supplies.  We are doing a Hawaiian luau theme and they had tons of stuff from leis, decorations, flip flops, plates and glasses.. just about anything you would need.  Also seemed fairly well stocked on Graduation Party supplies if you are in the market.. This location also had a pretty big selection of Wedding, Bachelorette Party, Birthday, Baby Shower decorations/supplies and as usual they have TONS of gift bags, wrapping essentials and enough balloons to create your own version of UP.   I didn't check out the sections for food or home supplies but I would assume they are on par with the rest of these type of stores.
5	I am impressed.  Dollar Tree next to Target is fantastic!  I went Grand Opening weekend, without knowing it was the Grand Opening.  It was like walking into a newly remodeled house, it smelled new and a lot like plastic and stuff for a $1.  I think this is the nicest Dollar Store I have been in, the party supply disposable section is really nice. It had everything you could ever as for and of course all priced at only $1.
4	Well since this Dollar Tree is within walking distance of my apt. I am definitely a fan. I always go here when I need my movie candy fix....whenever I am heading to the drive-in. I mean dozens of choices of all your favorite candy for a buck....can't really beat that. Not to mention you get the huge and family sizes for that price as well....and generally the customer service is always good. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
5	Money doesn't grow on trees, but Dollar tree grows on saving.Although one may be embarrassed to go into a discount store, you'll miss out on some very cool items or only a dollar.  Things that you would normally buy at Walmart or Target, you can get it here for a fraction of the price.  In this economy, quality dollar items are hard to find, but at least here you'll find something that may surprise you and stretch out your budget.  Staff are friendly and place is clean. Also the company seems to do a lot of community projects as well which is pleasantly surprising for a discount store.
5	This store is great. It is always clean and organized and it is well stocked.
5	I do not visit this place often, but it is my mandatory stop for gift bags. Yes, mainly Christmas and the occasional birthday party or bridal shower present.It is nicely organized and cashiers are fast and friendly.What else can you ask from a dollar store? : )Oh, and my only concern is that I think they didn't take credit cards before, but they do now.
5	What a great store. I always find what I'm looking for, and then some. Can't beat the prices either! Today's haul included cat collars, snacks, antibiotic cream, and graduation cards. Eclectic, but that's how I like it. Quiet atmosphere and easy to shop here. 2/$1 greeting cards are what usually pull me in.
