4	Cook Out's are great and this one is no different than the others. Two drive-thru's make it quick. Keep in mind this is drive-thru only. They specialize in "fast food" burgers and milkshakes. The food is relatively inexpensive, but far from fast food quality.
4	I'm not sure why I haven't tried a Cook Out before today. That was a mistake. It's good. Seriously good. Burgers and hot dogs and especially hand-made milkshakes are unlike the other fast food places. There's just something about grilled meat and melted cheese with cool vegetables on top of a bun. Yummy.I chose their "cheddar-style" which comes with extra cheese and grilled onions and mayo. It's probably about the same amount of meat as a Quarter Pounder or a Double but it tastes completely different. I can't quite describe why - flame broiled? grilled? It's just different. I also got a corn dog because... well, because I hadn't had one in a long while. I think I'm good on corn dogs now for a couple of years.There is a small outdoor seating area - your strongly encouraged to eat in your car though I don't recommend it as it seems rather drippy. More so than the nearby Sonic.Two drive through ordering lanes. I was paying attention where others were not and I skipped ahead of about six cars by spotting the second lane!
4	Been to 1 cook out,been to them all
4	My sister got me interested in Cook Out.  One night while waiting to see an advanced screening movie, she brought us a Bar-be-cue sandwich and hushpuppies from Cook Out.  Yum, yum!!  The sandwich was really good and the huspuppies.. WOW... they had onions in them. Their slaw was good too.  Love Cook Out for the barbecue and hushpuppies!!  I'm not sure if they make them or are sent in or buy from a "company", but I intend to find out.  I have been back several times since.
4	The only time one can truly appreciate all that Cook Out has to offer is between the hours of 10pm - 2am. This is when they are in full force and all of the good people watching happens. We have seen it all at this Cook Out and all different types of people come here. There is a hotel next door, and it runs along a busy South Tryon, so you will never know who you are going to meet at the walkup window. Also if you are at the walkup window, be prepared to wait. They will serve everyone in the drive thru line first because those are timed and you are not. We have never gotten bad food from this location. It is always hot and fresh.
4	Top five favorite fast food spots.  I especially enjoy it if I can get a quesdilla as one of my side items, but only certain stores provide this option.  It is a must to get a tray here and add a milk shake for only 1 dollar.  I prefer the chocolate peanut butter milk shake, but with I believe 52 different milk shakes you can choose whatever catches your eye.
3	Went the opposite way from my hotel just to try this place out and really enjoyed it!  I got out of a work meeting early and took some the locals advice and got me a shake.  Banana Fudge to be exact, and it was delicious!  Real bananas in there!  If ever in the Carolinas again... I will look for the cook out and order a burger too!
5	Their strawberry shake is indescribably delicious,  earned it today....
4	I'm new to the whole Cookout craze. And honestly I still need to find a "favorite" menu item...But I do know that I like their onion rings! But for this review all I care about are the milkshakes...my goodness! Those things are deeeeelish! They are reasonably priced, thick and creamy and I'd be remiss not mention that they have MORE than enough flavor choices to please anyone's taste buds. Do yourself a favor and get one soon! You can thank me later, for the awesome party your mouth is sure to experience!
5	One of the best Cookout establishments in Charlotte! Their char grill chicken sandwhich, cheddar style, will make you a loyal follower. The service is always prompt and I never encountered a rude employee. If you've never had Cookout, then is the place to go!
4	It's cookout! One of those things you have to experience yourself. Love the bacon wrap as a side on the tray, Good addicting, awesome tea. They sell Cheerwine, lots of options on shakes. BBQ sandwich is pretty good
3	It's cheap, it's fast, it's tasty enough. Would I like them to use real cheese and have sour cream on hand for my quesadilla? Of course. Do I think it's going to happen? No. Am I still going to go back on the regular. Yes, I like the burgers, the corn dogs, and all the other fast, slightly greasy junk food way too much to give it up. Great for a quick, easy guilty pleasure.
1	I love CookOut ~ in NORTH CHARLESTON SC!!!! This one SUCKS!!!! Went to Carowinds, on mini family vacation, which is how we ended up with this unexpected experience at a Cookout ..This cookout was close to the hotel and being that we were tired from a long day and the cook out back home is AWESOME, we thought great, go get full and go to bed.. WRONG!!!!There must be a cow field near by because as soon as you pass the Jack In Box, the whole area smelt like cow manauer!! Should have been a sign to TURN BACK NOW!!!  Anyways Cookout itself, I know a lot of young people work at fast food establishments, but this place has hired every incompetent, immature young person in the area.. Hoarse play, hu, what, replies, and a whatever attitude.. We asked for salt n pepper, that we didn't use, because the pepper was soaked through with soda.. I can't believe he even dumped that into my hands.. Once back at the hotel, we see our food.. The fries - none of us ate them.. They were WET with grease, but cold and uncooked.. My burger was burnt to the point of crunching.. That's all I tasted BURNT.. My daughter had chicken strips, she at 1/2 of one, they were dark brown and I'm assuming BURNT!!!  The shakes, cookout is known for their shakes, but this cookout put them to shame.. My chocolate shake taste like, kind of like, a vanilla malt. Honestly I can't even describe it.. So you if you are from out of town and like your Cookout, do NOT eat here.. The experience will turn you off from Cookout completely!! And if your from this area and have shunned Cookout, after eating here, try another one.. They are not all disgusting like this one..
