3	i cannot bring myself to giving a chain like coco's more then 3-4 stars. this coco's i happen to like because i have been eating here on occasion for umm...ever. i forget what the place used to be called. but it wasn't much different then a coco's anyways.they have a pretty good patty melt, and their pies are pretty good too. some of their "specials" are by far better then Denny's lol potacho, nuff said.breakfast is pretty good too. so all in all it's a decent place, a-ok.yelp.
1	Um.  No.  I can't bring myself to give any more than one star:  It had air conditioning and chairs to sit on.  The chairs didn't break when we sat on them.  The air conditioning worked.  Wait staff was absolutely horrible (made us wait very long time before we even got menus, then got distracted when it came time to pay the check).  I swear this kitchen belongs on kitchen nightmares.  The salad was downright scary (I didn't eat it because I didn't want to get sick), the water glasses had COFFEE STAINS ON THEM (how does that even happen?!), and what edible food there was was simply average.Manager solicited our feedback then CUT US OFF after we got 3 words out.  (Us: "Well, we kinda ... " Him (interrupting): "Thank you for your business")Yeah.  If you see this place, don't walk -- RUN to a different restaurant.
3	There was a gnat in my water, and the waiter tried to tell us he "lost" our debit card, but they do have pumpkin pancakes that will send your pancreas into spasms. Your coronary arteries, too. What the hell. Pumpkin goodness only comes once a year.
2	This place always runs out of items on the menu. I've ordered the chicken fried steak twice and it never comes with the fresh bread they advertise. In this visit alone I've heard the waitress tell two tables they didn't have baked potatoe or a breakfast item. Our waitress appeared lithargic and took a long cigarette break while all her tables waited on her and the cook. It was bad enough she didn't check up on her guest often enough. The team leader is no better. She's helped us twice before. Never smiles. its enough to make someone depressed. Luckly the food they have is great on an empty stomach. Love the unlimited hot coco. Avoid the water. Tastes like algee.
2	I have gone here quite a few times. I like having a diner close by for breakfast and newspaper reading. But this one is always short staffed. And there doesn't seem to be much management around to smooth things out. Food is usually good but staff always seems stressed out. May be due to serving hoards of poor tipping elderly.
2	Always understaffed.  I can't tell you how many times I've been there and they have one poor server working on half the tables!
5	i love their $6.99 pie sale and love that they are introducing new healthy salad options.their prime rib is not bad!
3	This is where I would eat on Saturdays when I working.  The service was satisfactory at best and food was always good.
3	Not bad. I had a good classic breakfast, but was a little put off that you can't order "sides" of something. They call it "a la carte" but it ends up being almost as expensive as getting the entire meal! For instance, I got eggs, bacon, toast. I wanted to try some latkes, but did not want to order an entire latkes meal which came with toast and eggs. I asked for just a side of latkes...we don't do a side, it is a la carte. Ok fine. $7.99!!!! The latkes MEAL was $8.99! Had a really poor server. I think this was his first job. Got a slice of pumpkin pie to go...pretty good. Nothing that I can't get at Costco.
4	Have been visiting this Coco's for several years after taking family to doctor appts. I like their menu. I like their staff. It's a nice friendly place to go sit down have something good to eat and talk. If it's HOT outside you can go in order some iced tea and it will be nice and cool inside.  If its chilly outside it will be toasty warm and they have coffee. Their soups are YUMMY! Tried the butternutsquash for the first time, really liked it!!
5	Great place to have breakfast at anytime the food is amazing and the service is great! Our server April was on top of everything made our Sunday brunch an experience :) thank you!
1	We were downtown, and my kdis grandma use to take them there all the time.  Out of nostalgia they wanted to stop here.  So we went in got a booth and I was SHOCKED!  There was literally trash and food all over.  I was going to ask for another booth and looked around to see they were all like that.  We ended up leaving, I mean can you imagine what the kitchen looked like. Not one person asked us why we were leaving or anything.  We just walked out.
5	After giving up on Coco's 2 years ago due to bad service and bad food, I decided today I needed something strawberry.  I read the reviews in Yelp and they seemed positive for 2013, so I decided to give it a try.  I am not sorry!  The manager Earl and the waiter Robert were as attentive and aware of me as it gets.  They both made me feel welcome and I was seated and waited on as soon as I walked in the door.  I ordered right away and my food was ready in minutes.  The food was great, the service was great, and the whole experience was the best I have had in a long time.  Welcome back Coco's and kudos to Earl and Robert!
5	Visited between lunch and dinner:  Fast and friendly service.  Far better menu than IHOP or Denny's.  Meal combos "Trio" (limited time only?) are fantastic because you get a slice of your choice of pie.  Unbeatable bargain because the food is fresh, very tasty, in what I consider nice sized portions and the pie was included...otherwise a slice of pie cost around $4 by itself!  Saved room for the pie and took my left over meal to go.  Will definitely visit this or any Coco's location again.
3	Nice location and the food was good.  Service was initially quick but quickly things went south when the restaurant filled with people.  I think we may have been forgotten when we came here but they seemed to have been short staffed.  I don't totally blame the staff, but simple requests were quickly forgotten and 20 minutes later we were making the same request again.  Perhaps they should hire more people -- otherwise id recommend this location.
1	We have tried this particular Coco's previously and it was Abysmal, the food looked like it was straight out of a 'Hungry Man' dinner.. if only it had tasted that good.  About a Year later we moved into Coronado neighborhood and because it seemed to have a good sized crowd we gave it another chance. On that particular visit, the food was pretty good and the service wasn't bad for an early supper. On our next two subsequent trips our meal was slow in coming out, overcooked, Yet cold to the touch. We tried to purchase a 'Pie-of-the-month' On the First day of the month.. It was NOT Available.. and they did not offer any recompense or substitution.  We did go once for lunch  and it wasn't all bad..  But on the Final Meal there.. we both ordered the prime rib burger and quesadilla appetizer..The burgers came out 30 minutes later, They were grossly overcooked.. Crispy black with Dry DRY DRY prime rib that was falling apart  in not a good way.  They totally forgot our  appetizer.. and the server gave us the excuse.. They couldn't find any Tortillas... Ok.. we live in Phoenix,, There's  a Taco shop across the street, Numerous Grocery stores just down the street.. How silly..  They didn't care and when the Manager came out.. He didn't charge us.. but didn't really apologize either.. We shall never be going there again.  The Tables were Grossly dirty on the edges.. carpet is filthy and people just hanging about on their laptops talking loudly and using the wifi..  The Servers seem nice.. but the entire Management seems to Just  Not Care.. It Needs a Good Cleaning.. Consistant cooks that know how to Cook and Maybe if Corporate came in and  took a hose to everything .. It might have a chance.
4	Who knew? I didn't, prior to eating here the first time, know that Coco's has an outstanding breakfast menu! The food taste great! For a chain, I think it is some of the best breakfast you can find around! Their pancakes, my favorite, are great! This is about the 3rd or 4th time that I've eaten here. I've never been disappointed with the breakfast. I haven't tried the rest of the menu unfortunately. What keeps them from getting five stars...today... is my server. I haven't got much attention from him, which I don't mind, but he hasn't been the friendliest. He is not rude by any means; he is just here. Oh well, time to dig in!
2	Not super impressed with Cocos.  The fruit was not ripe and the calorie content on the menu was sky high!  The lighter menu was still high but it was good. However, our biggest problem was the service. Our server, Robert, was not friendly at all and we went without drinks for a few minutes while he took other tables orders.
1	One of the worst for placing orders to go they never answer there phone and when they do they never get the order right !! Warning don't call a order in !!!
1	Got a 12 Oz prime rib for lunch and flavor wise it was meh it arrived cold needed salt and 1/4 of my steak was just a chunk of fat took a nice photo, not a fan.
4	The bad reviews totally throw me off! I went with a group of 4 others at 10pm last night and  it was fabulous! We were the only ones besides workers there, and got seated right away. 4/5 of us got the special - any burger + 1 side + a slice of any pie for $8.99! All of our orders were right and cooked just the way each of us wanted them. Our waitor and one of the cooks in the back were very attentive and kept making sure everything was tasty without being annoying and pesty like some waitors are. I'm a picky person, and don't just handout good reviews to any business. This place really was great! We plan to go back in the near future, and I'll definitely update if my opinion has changed!
4	I was sure I wrote a review for Coco's Family Restaurant before now. Been here twice during the past month. Breakfast and lunch. I like the food.  It's a good menu, updated every so ofter with a variety of offerings ranging from burgers and prime rib to vegetarian options.  The family likes the soups. I order the Santa Fe Chicken sandwich frequently, adding sweet potato fries.  Callie suggested horseradish for dipping about three years ago.  I have gingerly dipped my SPFs in horseradish sauce or the pure item ever since.  Very tasty to me.  I love the way my sinuses open to the universe as I eat SPFs with horseradish.We enjoy most of the food on the menu, know some of the service staff here, and always return.
3	The food was a five but the service not so...made me ask for coffee like 5 times she kept forgetting... I would go back though
