5	I was is need of a makeup artist located in Las Vegas. I was going to attend the Grammy's and needed someone to do mine and my mother in law's makeup and hair. I luckily found Tai on model mayhem and decided to contact her. Right away she was able to accommodate my budget and needs. She even came to the hotel we were staying at to work her magic. I was a little comprehensive since I have never let anyone else besides MAC work on my face. One word to describe my experience is AMAZING. She did a great job on my makeup and I had heads turning all night ;) She did a smoky eye with a nude lip and came out beautiful. I recommend Tai for any makeup needs Im even thinking of flying her to the bay area for my wedding. That's how wonderful she is!
5	Tai MUA is one of the best and premier makeup artists in Las Vegas.  She does amazing work and knew just what kind of look I wanted.  I highly recommend her for any occasion.  Her artistry is truly transformative.
5	I'm a professional photographer here in Las Vegas and I frequently need a makup artist to work on the different models I'm shooting or in many cases, on corporate executives that I shoot for their headshots. I've worked with several makeup artists here in Las Vegas and NOBODY comes close to the quality, professionalism, and talent of Tai Shane. Tai is my #1 go-to person for anything makeup related. I have used her in the past for creative makeup projects (the photo of the girl with red hair and the black band on her face was done by Tai...even the airbrushed heart on her arm) and I have also used her for makeup on men as well, who need a little work done on them prior to their headshots. While I haven't used Tai for theatrical makeup I do know that she is equally talented in that arena as well. So whether you are looking for an amazing makeup artist for your upcoming wedding or maybe you're a model or television celebrity in need of an outstanding makeup artist, Tai Shane should be on the top of your short-list of people to call!
5	I could go on forever about how much I love Tai's work. She's worked on TV commercials Hollywood films and print advertising for a lot of our projects and couldn't be happier with her. She's professional and amazing at what she does.
5	She s great. I am totally recommended Her ;)
5	I had the privilege to work with Tai a few months ago. She did an incredible makeup job on meI loved it and I will definitely use her again . Recommending her to all of you!!!She is nice and very creative...
5	I have known Tai for 3 or 4 years. She is friendly and professional. She has come through in a clutch and showed up at the last minute when another MUA cancelled and my model didn't shave for the shoot. Once he did, she made him look great for the indoor shoot. I would recommend her highly.
