3	So in a place (at least in this part of the airport) where your starting price for food is $9-10 for something awful, I figured $3 for a bagel with cream cheese wasn't a terrible idea.  Of course their bagel sandwiches start at 8... If you can, go to Wendy's, I'm convinced it's the best option in McCarren.
4	Pretty good breakfast place in the B terminal of Mccarran.  The egg white asiago bagel sandwich with Swiss, mushroom, and asparagus was wonderful, and a bargain at under $6.  They also have cookies and a coffee station.  The vanilla-hazelnut soy latte is smooth and sweet.
2	My favorite items from Einstein's are their Paninis, but this location doesn't serve any!  If you like their bagels and beverages you're fine, but I was largely disappointed they did not serve my favorite item.Also be careful at reading the directories when finding this stand, they say it's located in Concourse A, but I found it in B.  Get it together McCarren.
1	Had a layover in Las Vegas and immediately saw the Einstein Bagels outside the gate I arrived in. Was kind of in a rush to get to my connecting flight on the other side of the airport, but had time. I ordered an everything bagel with plain cream cheese and tomato. I moved over to wait and watched as everyone that ordered before me and just after me received their orders. I went to the barista to get my order filled. She was very kind and walked to the bagel line to tell them what she needed. But she whispered something. Didn't sit well. First flag. When she gave it to me, she rolled up the bag though she hadn't done that for any of the other orders. Again, flag.As I walked away I had the feeling that I should look in the bag, but didn't know where I was going and thought I should focus. Well, when I made it to my connecting gate, I was sorely disappointed to see that I had nearly NO cream cheese. Thinking that maybe they limit their cheese, I just started to eat is, but it was STALE! Not toasted... Like it was old... Ruined my travel day. Already stressed and tired... Definitely didn't need that today. I don't recommend this stop. Go to Starbucks...
1	Keystone Kops run this one. out of ice at 3 pm who does that? bagel came with cream cheese spread so thin it was fugghedabodit. Took it back and new one wasn't toasted like the order. five people working at cross purposes. And airport bagels are not cheap!  company should be ashamed. Not up to their standards at all.
2	This Einstein is not smart. The number of mistakes they made on my order, brother's order, and a customers order is stuff a business can only get away with in an airport concession. I ordered a toasted blueberry bagel with salmon shmear. They didn't toast my bagel. My brother ordered a toasted bagel without cream cheese. They did not toast his bagel plus they added a bagel with cream cheese that they charged him for. When I poured my dark roast coffee another customer brought it to their attention that they gave her the wrong bagel. We were about to board a plane for Chicago and didn't sweat over the small stuff.  Obviously the Terminal B Einstein Brothers Bagels is not sweating over the small stuff such as their bagels. It leaves a poor impression on the business when they are out of sesame and poppy seed bagels at 6 in the morning. But they sweat over the big stuff: making a profit. The bagel with salmon smear and coffee that costs me $5 and a few pennies at a local Einstein Brothers Bagels costed about $6.50 here.   Two things save this location from my pending "Mad Check-ins: 1 Star places that Annoy Me" list. Although the employees need to be trained to comprehend what the customer is ordering and to learn to toast a bagel they made the wrong orders fast and with a smile. And the coffee was strong and favorable on the tadte buds. It is the same setup with all the Einstein Bagels where you serve your own coffee. And that is a good thing because if I was pouring it I know it would not be decaffeinated.    What this location has going for it is its location beyond security. Because their isn't much competition beyond the security gate,  especially at 6 a.m.; Einstein Brothers Bagels is in a position to charge more and continue to run a 2 star business. In the future I will try to leave more time so that I could have a 3 star or above breakfast experience anyplace else before a flight.
5	Toasted Asiago bagel with cream cheese shame at and vanilla hazelnut latte on the way to San Jose...breakfast of champions!Good, fast service. Airport prices though...$10 for the pair. Still...it not a surprise...it's an airport after all...
1	Disgusting! I am the one who posted the picture of the blue egg and contacted corporate about the terrible experience. I was contacted by WILLIS WALKER in response to my corporate feedback. I had multiple back and forth emails with Willis which included sending him pictures of the offending sandwich and a copy of my receipt. The last email from him was on 8/18/14 in which he asked for my address (with the assumption a refund for my purchase was coming) and I have yet to receive any other feedback, anything in the mail, and clearly since it is now October 22nd the ball has been dropped. There is clearly no care of oversight at this location. There are really not many places to eat in this airport but you are much better off getting a bag of Doriitos for the store than dealing with this location. Terrible.
5	Great employees!  Black dude making specialty coffee drinks  (named Larry Walker?) was super nice, friendly, and quick at getting all of the impatient customer's drinks made :) Another really cool black dude (couldn't see his nametag) was quick to refill the self-serve coffee dispenser when he realized it was empty... that's good customer service.Coffee drinks tasted good too, so no complaints here.
