5	You can't give anything less than 5 stars to a place that sells bra's and panties to hot chicks.
5	What's there not to like about Victoria's Secret. This is the only place I've ever had a serious discussion about bras with a salesperson with out even hint of the giggle factor. The sales people know they are selling top-draw products and aren't bashful about talking about them.
1	I am extremely annoyed with this location. I purchased some presents here for my wife. During checkout, they asked if my wife had a coupon account. I said yes, but not to put I under her account because I didn't want her receiving an email about what I purchased. What'd they do? They sent her an email with the full receipt!!  It completely ruined her Christmas morning "surprise" gift.
1	I dashed in to this San Tan location on Sunday to grab a few necessities. There were several employees on the sales floor offering assistance and 2 cashiers. When I approached the counter with my items, there were 7 people ahead of me and it took 2 more women lining up before backup was called. The  backup rang 3 customers through, then apologized and left to return to the well - staffed sales floor. In the meantime, several more people jumped in line behind me. The same backup returned. When I finally reached the counter and expressed my frustration to the cashier, she mentioned that most of the sales floor staff were not trained to ring sales. Really?? I will not return to this location.
1	The checkout girl J. has no sense of customer service. I gave 1 star because there was 1 girl who really helped me out looking for a size and the other girls were not very friendly at all.
3	I pretty much have to order mine online but I buy the waterbottles and body products here.  Everyone is always pretty friendly without smothering you, the check out girl even made a conscious effort to look us in the eyes when saying goodbye even while the phone was ringing and she really had to answer it.
5	I should just write 'VICTORIA'S SECRET,' and leave it at that because you know how this goes. You go in and you just need a new bra. Four bras and matching panties and oh-my-god-that-robe, and you've spent $800 more than you wanted to. This VS is no exception. Clean, pretty, selection, selection, selection and some super friendly people (a recurring theme in all of my AZ reviews) and you have the perfect wallet-draining storm. They have a lot of things here that you find online which is great for my instant gratification problem. They also have things you don't see. Along with bathing suits and gym wear they have the perfume and the younger generation's line; PINK. I'm not a fan, but I'm not 15 either. It's cute for who it's designed for anyway.Super cool store, super cool staff and, me, a super happy new customer (to this store, to this store)!
5	I love the staff at this location!!!  It's always a good thing when you walk in and most of the girls know you on a first name basis and what you've previously purchased! They also know what new products you may enjoy! I love the entire staff here! They go above and be ton of what is expected of them. One girl even picked up that I was having issues feeling "pretty" that day and she took me around from table to table and stayed close by in the fitting room to make sure I would be ok. Such sweethearts here!
5	Wow!!! Just had a great experience! Aubrey and Jody are awesome! You gals helped me get exactly what I wanted. Can't wait to wear my new perfumes and brand new bras! Outstanding customer service. I will be returning soon.
5	This Victoria's Secret is probably the best that I've been too. Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly. The girls that work there are knowledgeable about the products and if they are unsure of an answer they always make sure they get the right answer for you. You can tell they really try and keep the sales floor clean but around the holidays it's kind of impossible with everyone rummaging through piles of clothes or bras and just throwing them everywhere. They are normally pretty good about getting through the lines and calling for backup if there aren't enough cashiers. Definitely my favorite location.
