5	When I first stumbled upon Revolution, I spotted it out of the corner of my eye while walking to Mez. I thought, 'Hey, that looks like it might be a pretty cool clothing store.' I had no idea what an understatement that was. LOVE this place!I walked into Revolution and immediately felt at home. It's location on the second floor all the way to the left is deceiving, because once you get inside you feel like it's as big as the EpiCentre. Packed with great clothing and emanating a funky vibe of rocker-with-class, you are sure to find something here that you fall completely in love with. For me, it was a ridiculously cool hat and two so-adorable-you-want-to-puke onesies for my 11 month old nephew. Come on, a yellow and orange Bob Marley onesie? An Aerosmith onesie that says "Walk This Way?" It doesn't get much cuter than that...I've worn my hat probably more times than I haven't in the last couple of weeks, with both dressy and casual outfits, and every time without fail I am asked by someone where I got it. No matter what kind of shopper you are, I am confident that Revolution can please you - they've got great quality designer clothing, they constantly run sales, and they manage to cover a wide range of price points. The Revolution team are no doubt warm and accommodating, and will go out of their way to make you feel at home no matter what it is you are looking for. Funky jewelry, great shoes, dresses, jeans, jackets, men, women, little ones - need I say more? This is a great place to go when you are looking for something unique and trendy to enhance your style. Go check out Revolution for a great shopping experience! You won't be disappointed.
4	Great selection but pricey!  Needs more retail around it to make it worthwhile to go to.  It has some cool t-shirts for guys.  Huge store too.
3	Upon my descent from aloft, I decided to pop into Revolution as I headed out of EpiCentre. I took in a smattering of funkily dressed mannequins in brands of mid-upper ranged price points like BB Dakota, Paige, Tom's, Hudson, LNA and what not. I was happy that Revolution offered its customers a variety of items at equally differing cash outlays. However, the organization of the store threw me off a bit as I really didn't know where to look. Do I check out each "cove" individually? Do I head back and work my way to the front? It confused me as they have quite a bit of space. It also didn't help that not one employee greeted me at any point during my shopping "experience." I have to echo what Bill F. says, even about the ladies' gear, it's kind of all over the place - a bit of a hodgepodge if you will. Not to say that this is necessarily a bad thing, I just like a store a bit more organized and streamlined. Take note that they have both a (small) kid's section and a men's section at the rear of the store. I'd like to stop back in here during a sale or to spend a little more time viewing their accessories - as those looked pretty unique.
4	Revolution sets an engaging scene for the eclectic shopper... But I so recommend this store for their jeans.  They have great brands and seem to keep the smaller sizes in stock (hard to find in most stores). Some of the brands are pricey (Highly recommend AG.) but you COMPLETELY get what you pay for.  High quality denim is life-changing, really.
4	Great looking Space!  Fantastic, Modern, Cool Spot!Nixon!!!   Aaaahhhhh  Nixon!  Where have you been???!!!  I've got a new crush!  Revolution has Nixon (my crazy is only on the belts) - I did not even get close to falling in love.  Get your Nixon here and they also have Fred!!! I think the guy was suggesting an orange belt for me, hummm that is something to think about (they did not have orange belts, though I think I know what he means and I will consider it).  Later I looked at Nixons website and Nixon does have few colorful belts and they do have a very Orange belt (best orange belt I have ever seen), so I'll forget the "Alice in Wonderful Land moment I thought I was having (it was a very hot day). They have some great "uniforms" and "costumes" for me to dress like I dress everyday I wear clothes!  Now I can walk to Therapy from here - I need it!  Or at least Mert's Heart and Soul!
3	Very cool, hip store. I love the make your own classic tees
4	Very fly gear here!  A little more than I like to spend but fly none the less.  I did see a sale rack, so I will keep my eye on a few pieces.  Hopefully the Epicentre will add another clothing store or two because this place needs some competition to perhaps lower the prices.
5	Clothes were hip, trendy and reasonably priced.  Friendly atmosphere.  Great for anyone traveling to Charlotte. Will definitely be back again!
5	Adorable, high quality men's and women's clothing. There's a massive and awesome gift/novelty section too! It's an adorable locally owned boutique. If you spend $20/more, they'll validate your parking, which parking in the Epicentre is spendy so it makes it a fair trade. Oh and when their stuff goes on sale, it's always a heck of a deal!!
