5	I've used Patrick with Dose Moving company a few times now!I bought a table for my boyfriend and his brothers and he called beforehand to tell me he was on his way- not only that but he was early!!! Unheard of for a moving company.Then my friend used them to buy a bed/frame for her boyfriend and she also had a great experience! (Called her prior to dropping the bed off too!)I've used moving companies in the past that are late, you can't get a hold of them, or they are unprofessional.Not Dose! They are very professional, prompt, and affordable. I've recommended him numerous times and will continue to do so!
5	Moved furniture from storage facility to new home. Date of move they arrived on time, and were very efficient in loading and unloading our items.Will hire them for future moves and recommend to friends.
5	I recently needed the services of Dose Moving, I had been given their name by a friend of mine who had also used them to move an entire house. We recently downsized and have moved into a condo that has several flights of stairs. They arrived on time and were able to maneuver our furniture up the two flights of stairs and into our new home, not an easy feat. They were recommended to me by my friends and I would recommend them highly to you.  We found them very professional and respectful of our home and belongings and will pass their name along with confidence.
5	I am a Real Estate agent and have used Patrick & Marilee for staging purposes on several of my listings.  Let me tell you, they will transform an average looking home into a dream home with the furniture and design skills they have.  I cannot tell you how important it is when selling a home how the home shows to potential buyers walking through.  A home that is vacant will always lose to a comparable home that has been furnished properly and with unique design characteristics.  This is where Patrick & Marilee truly shine!  And when you are looking to sell a home in the luxury market, the difference in offer price you could receive could be anywhere from 5-10% higher, which means way more money in your pocket!!  Even more impressive is how reasonable the cost is.  I could not recommend them more highly.  If you are ever even thinking about staging, you should give them a call.
5	We've needed some design and moving services and it has been wonderful to have them rolled into one!  Marilee has such an eye for bringing everything together in our home-creatively, peacefully and artistically-so beautifully!  Patrick takes care when moving furniture, consulting with us on the exact location and ensuring everything is to our satisfaction.  Together these two are an amazing duo.  We are so pleased to have found Dose Moving and Delivery!
5	I have witnessed Dose in action on multiple occasions and have been quite impressed with their thoughtfulness and professionalism.  Additionally, they proceed at a good pace with a noteworthy dose of planning and precautions.  I strongly recommend them for your moving needs and for their top-shelf design work  which showcases your home with simplicity and elegance.  If it's the home you live in or the home you're selling - call Dose!
5	Moved today just a few apartments away, and three movers came to help. Awesome surprise as it cut down on the time tremendously. They called ahead to let us know they may be a little early and ask if that was alright. Move only took about an hour and we had planned on it taking 2-3. They never stopped working and always were looking for new tasks. This is the reason I like hiring smAller moving companies which do good work
5	I called Patrick and his crew at the last minute on Friday to see if he had any openings for Saturday. Not only did he manage to squeeze me in, but he also came early (when does that happen?)! Excellent customer service and furniture was delivered without a scratch! I will be using him again when my remodel is done and I can move back home. A+: Dependable, reliable, careful, punctual, affordable!!!
5	5 stars for Patrick and Marilee. I found them on YELP and all of the great reviews proved true. They were professional, helpful and friendly. A pleasure to work with, I will use them again and happily recommend them to anyone needing their services!
5	If you need movers, stop right now and call Dose Moving!! They are amazing! Patrick and Cole were awesome...they said they would be there at 10 am and they were a few minutes early!! I showed them what needed to go and they got right to work. They took apart my bed, and dining room table and reassembled both at the new place....They were so darn professional! And they were so careful with everything! They moved my stuff from South Scottsdale to North Scottsdale and made sure everything was set up properly in 3 hours!!! And my new apartment was up a flight of stairs! They were polite and friendly, the type of men you would take home to visit mom! Their Oklahoma accents were adorable! And they are totally affordable with no hidden fees! I would definitely use them again in the future! Great job guys! You made what could of been a real emotional and physical drain so much better!! I so appreciate all you did!!!
5	This moving company was awesome! Called them last minute and they where so kind and fast and really worked around the time I needed my stuff moved... Professional, quick, convenient, and easy!! Will definitely recommend to my friends and family and will for sure use them on my next move! Awesome job guys!!!
5	Dose moved my husband and I into our Phoenix apartment after a  1700 mile move from Illinois. They finished with a previous job early, so they called to see if they could come to our place early. Even then they didn't need the full 2 hours we booked them for. They were friendly and polite the entire time, even finding time to joke with us despite with arms full of boxes. Loved them and I'll recommend them to anyone moving to the Phoenix area.
5	Patrick and his crew moved my stuff from my condo into a storage unit. They were punctual, very courteous and very efficient. I was very impressed from beginning to end. I felt like he was very honest and not trying to tack on unnecessary fees. When the time comes to move out of the storage unit into my new home, you better believe I'll be calling him again!!
5	I would really like to thank the guys at Dose Moving. I recently moved into my new place in Scottsdale and the guys did excellent job moving my heavy and expensive furniture into my fourth level home. Unfortunately on the day of my move, I woke up with a high fever and was disoriented but Dose made the move easy and quick. Really Appreciate your service!
5	These are the consummate professionals all the way.  Knowledgeable, nice, honest, fast and so friendly and helpful.  They moved me from one apartment to another and I couldn't have been happier.  They even returned a few weeks later to adjust my bed, which is too heavy for me to move even an inch.  You can tell the owners truly do care about your things, which gives you so much confidence in their abilities.I can't recommend Dose highly enough. Their pricing is fair and you get what you pay for. Thanks for making my moving experience a pleasure!
5	Just had these great guys move us today and it couldn't have gone better.  They called me to confirm the day before the move, called me the morning of the move with an ETA and called again to say they'd be a few minutes late.  I really appreciated the calls to keep me informed.  The guys showed up ready for work and did a FAST and really good job.  They moved fast and got everything wrapped and loaded very quickly and then unloaded equally as fast at the new house.  They placed everything nicely and were so accomodating.  I would definitely recommend them to my family and friends, and would definitely use them again if we decide to move.  Easiest move ever and the price was exactly what I was quoted.
5	I selected Dose Moving based on reviews that I had read on Yelp.  After I read the reviews, I figured they would show up with Halos on based on the reviews.  They didn't show up with halos but they did have a cape on and hada large S on their chest.  To start, they showed up over 1 hour early!  That's right; early, not late.  Pat along with three other movers got to work right away.  My only concern was they had no truck but just a trailer towed by a pickup truck.  Our move from a 3000 square foot house to a 1664 square foot townhouse meant we left a lot behind but I felt far too much for them to fit in that trailer.  Not to worry!  They did a great job of packing and our move went on without a hitch.I knew nothing about Dose Moving before I caled them but I now know them well enough to recommend them for your move.  Hard-working, courteous and efficient, I don't think you would be disappointed.
5	These guys are amazing! We used them in our last move- friendly, honest and extremely hard working. They moved our 2 bedroom apmt----and we have a tooonnnnn of crap- including a very heavy solid wood bunk bed. They were quick and efficient and very careful. Since using them I have recommended them to multiple friends that were moving. They also have a yelp coupon- mention it when scheduling time and they will honor it without having to purchase through yelp- this saves you hassle of placing a credit card on file and allows them not to lose money.
5	Dose Moving was amazing! This was our first time using movers, so we chose Dose based on their Yelp rating/reviews. They arrived 30 minutes early and were ready to go immediately. We were impressed with how quickly and efficiently they moved all our big items. They had all the gear set and you could tell they were very experienced. Our movers kept us updated as we went and were extremely conscious of time. These guys were super professional. We could not have been happier with our move! We will definitely be recommending them to others in the future.
5	These are the best movers I've ever used . They were quick , clean and friendly . The rate was very fair . The movers Freddy and Wilson unloaded our 26 foot trailer within 45 minutes . They other movers we used before this charged triple and took a lot longer .  They didn't break anything and they were very helpful . I would highly , highly recommended them and I will definitely use them again . Thank you .
5	I can't say enough about this service.  Starting with Maralee on the phone.  I had some obstacles not on my radar that she addressed and put me at ease to accommodate me.  Thanks ever so much Maralee!  It was a cross country move for me by myself.  I'm a 60 yr old female and to say it was stressful physically and emotionally is an understatement.  Because of the apt that I moved to my 26 ft trailer had to be parked quite far from my actual building.  Dose movers came with they're 14 ft truck and the double move began.  Patrick and two of his guys had to unload 10ft of stuff (floor to ceiling and wall to wall) from the ABF trailer to they're trailer and then drive close to my building to unload to my apt.  I might add, to my apt meant walking all around the building to my front door, ad I face a courtyard.  Not exactly convenient.  They worked there bottom off and were as pleasant as could be.  They were careful with my things and very efficient.  All this was done in 4 hours.  On top of that, Patrick charged me much less then I expected for a double move.  I was so happy to tip them all for they're hard work.  I will absolutely call them in the future for any of my needs and highly recommend them to anyone.  Thank you Patrick, Maralee and the guys who moved me.  You guys are the best.
5	Nelson and Freddy did a great job! The move was done in a timely manner and at a great price! Thank you dose! I would definitely recommend hiring dose to help with moving!
