4	Went with some awesome industry folks to check out Patron last night - SUPER fun environment, and I felt like I was legitimately in Mexico again! YAY! Great frozen margaritas, and the Enchiladas Mexicanas were a big hit among us. PLUS! Free chips & salsa! We all agreed that there really isn't anything better than that.That staff is fun and friendly, and they have a nice variety of tequila (naturally). Definitely a great addition to E. Lib.Check it out!
5	This is the 4th Patron Mexican Grill to open in the area. It is the largest of the restaurants and the most beautiful. The service is impeccable at all the Patron restaurants, and is no different here. We had the chori pollo, cheese enchiladas, shrimp and rice (the kids), queso and chorizo. Everything was cooked perfectly. There is not one thing that I can find wrong with this restaurant. The decor is just beautiful. I also had a frozen raspberry margarita that came in a ceramic pottery glass. The margarita was absolutely delicious. Everything screams Mexico!You have to give it a try!
5	I went to Patron for lunch today. I had been to the other location in Monroeville so my expectations were low. I was pleasantly surprised. My server's name was Jerry and he was excellent! I havent had lunch service that good in a very long time. The chips were great! The salsa was a little on the mild side but thats to be expected living in Pittsburgh. I ordered the steak fiesta burrito with rice and beans. The burrito had plenty of steak and was topped with lettuce,  tomato and sour cream. It was very fresh and had great flavor . The rice and beans were very good too. I will definitely bring the family for dinner soon.
1	Having just moved from Austin not too long ago, I was very much missing out on decent Tex/Mex in Pittsburgh. Mad Mex is... well its good, but its not even in the same genre. Lets just say, Chipotle was a welcome site - and that's hardly Mexican, either.I was very excited to have this place open up in my neighborhood. Until I tried it.Lets start with the good:* Decent salsa* Good guacamole (a pleasant surprise)* Warm tortilla chips* A nice clean, mildly-tacky-but-appropriately-so atmosphereNow, the rest:* Margaritas were TERRIBLE. I'm sorry, you can't charge me $10 for a margarita and use a MIX in it! Are you kidding? Simple recipe: Tequila, fresh lime juice, cointreau or Patron Citronge or Gran Marnier or Paulas Texas Orange. This is not hard to do right.* Crispy shells everywhere on the menu.* No breakfast tacos offered* Veggie options were strange. Broccoli? Cauliflower? WHAT? Why not calabacitas? Sweet potato, grilled corn, rajas, nopales, caramelized onion, Mushrooms... Huitlacoche? So many better options than a salad bar shoulder shrug.* Limited salsas. No mole or tomatillo.So, basically, this place has potential - but its going to take a complete menu/recipe/bar revamp before I'll consider returning.
1	The guacamole $4 appetizer dip was small and greyish and when i told the waiter at the end, he commented with a straight face "really? It was from today or yesterday?! But i am happy to tell the chef". I strongly advised him also to tell his boss not to serve yesterday's guacamole!!!Also, they didnt card any of us 5 ppl, including my 19-yr old friend.The frozen margeritas had all artificial flavoring but werent too bad.And the cheese nachos were good.
4	Having lived in Pittsburgh for almost a year, I've still been on the hunt for a Mexican restaurant to call my staple "go-to." Mad mex, steel cactus, and chipotle just weren't cutting it. Closest had to be los cabos in lawrenceville but you order at a front counter so it didn't have that authentic restaurant feel. I was SOSO excited when I saw that a new Mexican place was coming! First impression was that this place is huge! Could easily get lost. The chips were good, salsa was pretty tasty, always a plus. I ordered the chicken fajitas and my husband got the enchiladas supremas. Everything was pretty good. My portion was huge and quite tasty, enough to take home. The reason I'm deducting one star is that in our favorite Mexican restaurant in my husband's home town, most entrees are served with rice, beans, guac, pico, and sour cream. Here, very few entrees came with those fixins for what was still a relatively pricey meal. Very tasty otherwise and we'll definitely be back!
1	I literally just went to Patron and was completely ignored.  I sat in a beautiful room aside the bar and several servers not only looked at me; but made eye contact then proceeded to ignore me.  I am not sure if I was ignored because I arrived just a few moments prior to their lunch menu ending or if this is just their typical service. I like the food at the other Patron restaurants; but when I can't even get a glass of water what is the point of continuing the meal.
3	Food was good, flexible with choice of chicken/beef/beans/cheese being mixed (you don't need to have all your Enchiladas with one single choice of fillings), waiter for our table was very friendly and sweet, Margaritas were under $3 (for flavoured Margaritas add $1), but I'm giving 3 because of the Lady's Room.Maybe it is unfair to rate a restaurant not for its food, and my apologies if this would offend those who were expecting food reviews and also can't stand toiletry issues... But I really expect to see a sanitary disposal in EACH of the chambers, not one big trash can in front of the entrance door that's for hand towels.
3	I tried Patron's for dinner a few nights ago, out of curiosity. Entrees were very good - I had shrimp fajitas and my husband had carnitas - tasty and large portions. However, I have to agree with some of the other comments that the guacamole was sub-par. I don't think it was a matter of freshness, it was just bland. We also had a pitcher of margaritas that was pretty bad - tasted like limeaide. I don't want to give a bad review because the main courses were great and the staff was super nice, but if you're going to claim to be a Mexican restaurant you've got to get the guacamole and margaritas right! Hopefully it'll improve in these areas - if so, I'd give it another try.
1	I got a coupon In  The mail saying they were open, drove one hour to get here. They weren't open and they could have cared less about false advertisementThey don't even state their hours on their website and they close 9 pm on Sunday? Ridiculous. I complained and they said they were fixing that problemI came back and here's my reportThe margaritas are fake tasting but for a Pittsburgh palate this may suffice. Chips need salt and salsa needs some heat to it. It tastes like canned tomato sauce The food wasn't flavored or seasoned well, but this region may like bland , tasteless food I want a real margarita made with limes, cut fresh, tequila and orange liquor, but this place won't change, they are making a go of it with cheap, substandard ingredientsThe so called manager was just a guy at the hostess stand. He was useless. Poor management!They don't use the correct poblano pepper in chili rellenos, they cut corners
1	I LOVED the Patron location in Wexford, however it's a haul from the city, so I haven't been there in a long while. I was super excited when I saw they were opening up in East Liberty. However, I was super disappointed when I visited this time. This place used to have the best homemade margarita's & guacamole around Pittsburgh. Not the case anymore! The margarita I got tasted like it came from a grocery store bottle. The guacamole was definitely not the chunky, homemade stuff that I have had before at this restaurant. It was smooth and blended up, like the stuff you get out of the grocery store premade packages. It didn't even have any cilantro in it. I think I'VE MADE BETTER guacamole than this! The chips seemed like they came from a bag too. I was so disappointed.I got my usual menu item, the shrimp chimichanga, it was not as much of a disaster as the rest of the food and drinks where, however I could take it or leave it. My friends & I will unfortunately will not be back! What happened to this place????
4	The decor of this restaurant is so authentic its bright and colorful. We ordered apple margaritas they were delicious instead of salt they honored our request to put sugar on the rim. For the entrees we ordered chicken,  shrimp and steak quesidillas they were delicious and flavorful. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Waitstaff was very attentive.
4	We were a little skeptical after all the bad reviews we saw on Yelp, but quite honestly, this place beat our expectations! The guac was fresh, good consistency, and had plenty of cilantro. The appetizers we ordered (several dips, and the chorizo-cheese plate - forget the name) were all well-prepared, uniquely seasoned, and great. The margarita was stiff and sweet, probably came from a mix, but not outrageously priced. Our sever was Ando and he was really pleasant and eager to help! Would definitely recommend.
5	I love this place. Finally good mexican food. The guacamole patron was outstanding.  They made it exactly how I like it. My husband had a  traditional non alcoholic drink "Horchata" witch was to die for. I had a home made sangria and loved it. Not too sweet, that was just perfect.  Food was good I  dont like too spicy so they made it just right . Its about time they have vallet parking because the first time I was there it was had to find parking. I would definitely be back .
5	I was super excited when I saw another Mexican restaurant opening up near me. Mad Mex is great, but can get a little repetitive. Patron has much more variety and everything I've had has been super good. I was a little worried about the bad Yelp reviews, but one try was all it took to change my mind. I've been here three times now, twice with my boyfriend and once with friends. Their margaritas are awesome, especially if you get one made with one of the premium tequilas off of their pretty impressive tequila list. The sangria is also nice and fruity and is pretty strong - none of that watered down stuff! The guacamole Patron is also delicious. I'm so glad I found a Mexican place that does guacamole right! Plus, there's unlimited chips and salsa, so you're not left with a whole bunch of guac and nothing to eat it with. I've now tried the chimichanga, the enchiladas, and the chicken fajitas - all excellent, though probably not so excellent for my waistline. I also always have enough leftovers for a good sized lunch the next day.All of the servers I've had have been extremely attentive and helpful, and the manager even stopped by a few times to ask us how everything was. I'll definitely be back!
4	really cool affordable, neat area, wifi--total win! spicy paloma margs and food!
5	Being from AZ, we are on a constant lookout for Mexican food.  This place is great!  The salsa was hot, which was point number 1.  And, my husband loved the tamale, of which he is very particular.  It was my son's 7th birthday, and they sang Happy Birthday in Spanish, with drums even!  He was very excited.  Five stars for the food, service, and the atmosphere!
4	My husband and I ate here for the first time tonight and really enjoyed our meal.  The decor is beautiful and the food was very good.  I had a chile reileno and a beef taco with a side of refried beans and my husband had a beef fajita burrito.  Both of our meals were tasty, spiced well and very fresh.  We moved here from southern California and spend at least 2 months in the winter in California so we eat a lot of Mexican food and this food was as good as what we get in California.  I read the critical reviews about the Margaritas and found my Margarita to be quite good.  It was tangy tasted fresh and had enough salt on the glass to suit my taste.  We were also happy that valet parking was available because, as those who live in Pittsburgh know, parking in this city is a problem.
5	Delicious vegetarian fajitas!! My girlfriend and I are vegan and they quickly and easily accommodated us. The decorations are adorable with hand painted murals on everything! The waitor was quick and the portions were huge!  We brought home left overs with chips and salsa.
1	I was excited that Patron was moving in nearby to where I live however I am ready for them to close and make room for something better.  I was afraid my review would be harsh but every day when I walk by and see the restaurant vacant I'm guessing that there are many others out there who share my opinion.First off, I expected good salsa.  I have no doubt that the salsa came from a wholesale jug.   The chips that accompanied the salsa clearly came out of a box and were disgusting.  I would have rather gone across the street to Chipotle for chips and salsa.  I ordered a quesadilla for dinner which was lackluster similar to the overall experience.This place needs a new menu or at least a chef who understands Mexican beyond prepackaged prepared goods.Overall I would suggest walking up the street to Mad Mex or go to Chipotle and save some money.  Patron is just not worth it.
4	I had the steak tacos.  They were flavorful.  I haven't tried enough of the menu to properly give more insight.  I mainly wanted to review it because of the rude valet out front.  I couldn't find self parking around so I opted for their valet.  Normally, I would walk rather than pay someone to move my car.  On the valet sign there was no price for the service.  I assumed that it was complimentary and would give a tip.  Well, I got my car, gave what I thought was a decent tip, and was told there is a flat rate.  Luckily, I had just the right amount of cash for the rate, but no extra for the tip.   I could have pulled up, put on my flashers, and made change for them.  I decided not to do this after his reaction to me being unaware there was a flat rate (even though it wasn't on the sign...) He gave attitude to his coworker about me, right in front of me!  It was incredibly rude, unprofessional, and left a bad taste in my mouth, regardless of the good food I just consumed.I gave 4 stars because Patron's food, decor, and service deserved it.  The valets would get 1 star, simply because they returned my car unharmed.
5	I took my wife to Patron for the first time last night. We both enjoyed the food and the service was excellent. It's disappointing to read all the negative reviews. Especially from people who grew up in parts of the country that offer "out of this world" Mexican food. I was born and raised in Los Angeles and have had some of the best authentic Mexican food in the country. The manager is open to constructive criticism and is making changes. They are adding different items and taking a look at whats not working.  I think Patron is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh and will continue to get better.
5	Ok this place is "on point" the ambiance is super cute and colorful, the service was friendly and responsive :) now lets talk about the food. We just moved here from SoCal so we know good mexican food. We ordered the 3 dips...queso..guac..& bean dip and they were all great. My husband had enchiladas suizas & I did the pick 2 with a chicken taco and chalupa. Everything was super fresh and very tasty (I could believe it if they said their mexican grandmother was cooking in the kitchen) they really nocked it out of the park. We went to Mad Mex as our 1st mexican experience in PBurgh and it was NASTY so we were pleasantly surprised to find this little gem just a few steps away.
5	Delicious food, reasonable price, huge portions, and great service!! Will definitely be a repeat customer!!
3	The guacamole wasn't fresh or homemade with was a huge disappointment, The house margarita was clearly a pre-made mixture, which tasted like juice. However, the staff was pretty friendly.
2	I came here on a Wednesday for dinner around 5pm. There wasn't really anyone there but also the place is huge so I'm sure you can come anytime without having to wait. I got the Enchiladas Mexicanas which comes with 3 enchiladas with your choice of chicken, beef, cheese only, or beans on the inside and either the green or red sauce (you can get both too). I got 2 chicken and 1 beef with both the red and green sauce. It wasn't all that great the red sauce was better than green and the protein was 'whatever.' Also their menu was a little bit confusing. It was ridden with typos and errors so some of the items on the menu didn't make any sense and had to be clarified by the waiter. I wouldn't come again...I would probably go to Las Palmas for some yummy tacos.
1	This place is the quintessential crappy Mexican restaurant. Plastic fiesta plates, cheese on everything, rice + refried beans overflowing the plate...The food is weak. It's quite surprising how bad it is given that it is close to some really good and trendy restaurants (e.g., Spoon, BRGR, etc).
4	Took advantage of the Tuesday night special - $4 sangria, $3 burritos. Both items were good and a good value for the price. Complimentary chips and salsa on the table is a great perk. The manager introduced himself on our way out of the restaurant and the wait staff was all friendly and prompt. Our server split our checks for our group without batting an eyelash. Looking forward to trying more dishes here.
2	We got takeout and it was low quality Mexican.  Chicken was stringy an.d tough, seasonings were very pedestrian. If you like this you're not serious about Mexican
4	The service was very fast and the staff was friendly.  I went here with friends recently and had a great time.  The tacos were excellent and so were the Margarita's..YUM!!  I definitely plan to return soon.
4	The only Mexican place in the Pittsburgh area that has a section of the menu just for vegetarians! They offer bottomless chips and salsa and the portions are generous. I had the spinach quesadilla, which was great. The place is huge so there is no issue for waiting.
4	Fast service and good food.  Love the nachos and salsa dip their portion sizes are generous also
3	Nice atmosphere, no wait (on a weeknight). I was surprised not to see any there was no mole on the menu. I ordered the vegetarian fajita. It was alright, nothing amazing. I would probably go back and order something else... drink selection seemed good.
4	Been several times, and each time the food has been on point.  In my opinion, it's the most authentic Mexican food in the area.  Salsa is fresh and the guac is smooth and nutty.  Being from California, we know good Mexican food, and Patron ranks up there with some of our SoCal favorites.
