3	I dropped by here on the way to the Southern Nevada Health District to relax over a cup of Starbuck's coffee, and use their ATM machine. When I walked toward their Starbuck's, there in front of me was the store's biggest flaw. There were zero tables and stools for Starbuck's customers. The three tables from my past visit, were history. Drinking coffee standing up and walking is not an activity that I enjoy. I guess I could have sat at one of the chairs in the pharmacy waiting area. And so, I'd pass over their Starbuck's.   Minutes later, I was left to use the self checkout line on account of the fact that the only two human operated registers had long lines. Using a self checkout to buy a beer is not the end of the world, but if I had a cart of groceries, it would be irritating.   Despite these flaws, I rate the store design highly. The store is modern looking. The floor was clean and shiny. This store features charming embellishments that improve the shopping experience. Plus there is an aisle for foods of the world and for organic food.   The prices are on the high side. And that is why I only brought one item: a beer for later.
4	This was our daily stop to pick up sandwiches, ice and other fun stuff before heading out to Lake Mead. They have some really cheap and delicious pre-made sandwiches, we ate those most days on the lake, but we also tried their fried chicken which was actually pretty good. I remember getting fried chicken from Albertsons growing up and I guess this was way. Cheap and tasty.I really had the taste for sushi the week leading up to the trip and I saw they actually had Unagi in their sushi section that I saw the "chef" making on the spot daily. However $8 for sushi from a grocery store just wasn't appealing. Maybe if it were a little cheaper.They have a decent liquor and beer selection. Their prices weren't too bad, but nowhere near that of a larger liquor warehouse.The store itself was clean, bright and pretty big. They also had some an Angry Birds claw game full of Angry Birds plushes.I'd definitely shop here if I lived in the area and will likely be back next year when we come back to Lake Mead.
3	I went to this store twice while I was on vacation in Vegas and I did not have any problem.  The store is fairly big and have good amount of selections.  Everything is stocked neatly.  They also have Wells Fargo window bankers and 24hr ATM, which my friends heavily depended on.
1	Forgive me, as I have been meaning to post this review for over a month now...This is the closest Albertson's to my house, and yet I rarely go there. I find the prices to be too high compared to the other grocery stores in the area. And after my last visit I do not plan on going back. My husband and I stopped in on July 3rd to pick up a couple specific items we needed for the upcoming holiday. One of the items we purchased was some mozzarella cheese. It wasn't until I was home and I looked closer at the package that I realized the cheese we purchase had expired... BACK IN MARCH. Ugh. I could somewhat understand having expired products on the shelves if it was a matter of a couple days.. MAYBE even a week. But four months? That is unexcusable in my book and makes me wonder what other expired items are being sold at excessive prices.Never again Albertsons.
4	Good variety of fruits and veggies.
2	I like Alberstons for their sushi rolls, and the starbucks inside is really convenient.However, their prices are OUT of control. Get ready to spend, for the same old regular things. I paid almost $6 for a 0.3 ounce of allspice. $6! Everything there is over priced, take an extra few miles and go to Smith's.
3	I have never actually been in the store. I go to this Albertson's to refill my water bottles. So this ***REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE GLACIER WATER REFILL AREA***. It's always clean around the area. It's a little far away from the store but it serves its purpose. The last time I went, the machine would not accept my money. Just kept spitting the coins back out. In Colorado, the Glacier water machines take credit cards. Maybe u all should update. It is 2013.
1	Worst grocery store I have ever had the misfortune of being stuck with. Run down, dirty, and sketchy. For many years they didn't even have hand baskets because they said that they stopped ordering them because people would steal them. Now they have the red MoneyGram baskets in (probably because MoneyGram gave them to Alberstons for free). Cashiers are extremely slow. They reduced their hours a couple years ago, and now they are only open 6 a.m. to midnight. After a certain hour in the evenings (I think it's 9:00), they block off certain entrances and force everyone through one entrance. Food in dairy section is often expired or very close to it. It was at least tolerable when they had the self checkout aisles, but they recently removed them. Now the checkout lines are extremely long, and what should be a 10 minute stop at the store has doubled in time. The only reason this store is still open is because of its location and the captive audience it has as a result. People who live in this area do not have many other choices. Smith's up the street is just as bad, and Target simply doesn't have the grocery selection (though at this point I'm willing to forgo variety for a clean store in which I feel comfortable and welcome).I cannot wait until a grocery store is built in Cadence and this place can be put out of its misery.
1	High prices, horrible customer service, and I was literally almost run over with my 2 small children in tow. Then the man got out of his mint green Cadillac and began yelling and screaming at me and my two children, because we were "in his way" moving toward me like he was going to assault me. I left - quickly. I've had nothing but problems with this store. I am constantly approached here for one thing or another. Money, booze, the use if my cell phone... And now apparently it has escalated into verbal confrontations.Need more security. I won't be back.
