5	This has got to be me and my girlfriend's favorite place to go. The food is fresh and is priced very nicely. Just a great atmosphere. I love all of there sandwiches, soups, salads. Especially there Greek Salad. Never had a bad experience at Paradise Bakery.
4	By far the best tuna sammich I have ever had! I don't know what they do to make a simple tuna sammich so addicting but its a problem for my waistline. I tell myself though that tuna is healthy so it cancels out all the mayo. Whatever makes me feel better, right? Their turkey cranberry sammich is very good as well and can be somewhat decent for you if you get it with no mayo. Paradise makes great pasta salads and soups as well. I am in love with their Paradise pasta salad. The Greek pasta salad is also delicious as is the seafood pasta salad. Make sure you get a small bowl of the seafood pasta salad because it has alot of mayo in it and can be a bit overpowering unless you like to eat mayo as a meal. For soups, I love the low fat tortilla soup. Its brothy but has an excellent flavor and I can feel good about eating it. Make sure you get the roll that is supposed to come with it. Its soft and a good accompaniment. I have also tried their roasted tomato soup which is very tasty as well. As for their salads, I'm a fan of their BBQ chicken salad. Lastly, the one reason you much try Paradise bakery is their cookies, particularly the chocolate chip. These come with all sammiches which makes me very happy. The lemon zester cookies are amazing as well and not too lemony/ tart. If you are looking for a bakery to get cookies or sweets from, this is actually one of the lower priced places to go. I got a dozen to have in the hotel room for a bachelorette party and they were only 8.00 whereas other bakery's wanted to charge like 15.00. Not a bad price in my book for cookies. However, I did mark a star off because all their other food (sammiches, salads, and soups) are a bit overpriced. To get a whole sammich with a cup of soup (no drink), its 12.00!!! That's a bit steep to me considering that their sammiches are not that big. I still come here though because their tuna is just that good!
5	Great food, good prices, very clean with well-trained friendly staff.  I have NEVER been disappointed.  What a blessing to have a great cafe like this as close at Dana Park in Mesa/Gilbert.  They are blessed too . . . never been a time that the place wasn't jumpin'.  Blessings to them.  : ) KC
4	I like this place.  Free wi-fi, and you can stay as long as you want.  Sample chocolate chip cookies when you want to eat them but don't want to buy them :)I've only had coffee and salads (usually not at the same time), and I'm usually pretty happy with it.
3	I've been to Paradise several times for lunch and I also come here to study sometimes. Free Wi-Fi and the back room has several tables with outlets :)The food is pretty good but too expensive in my opinion. Although you get a cookie (NOTE: your meals come with chocolate chip cookies as indicated on the menu, BUT, you can request another cookie instead), I still think ~$7.50 for a regular sandwich is pricey.Today, I ordered the a Turkey sandwich with a Lemon Zest Cookie. The turkey sandwich came on an asiago-cheese like bread (which I loved), some lettuce, turkey, raw onions, and chipotle mayo. Something I could definitely make at home, so I didn't think it was worth the price.I enjoyed the cookie, but my favorite has always been White Chocolate Macadamia Nut. They were handing out samples of Oatmeal Raisin and Chocolate cookies too. The oatmeal raisin is also one of my favorite cookies.
4	Tried their chicken and wild rice soup and it was delicious! If they have it, you must try it! Their tuna was a little off this time, but I am thinking they had a new person preparing it or something. If its that way all the time, I will have to grade them down   :(
4	Yeah it's good. You get a "free" cookie with your order. I type that sarcastically, because in my opinion you still pay for it. As in, for 2 half sandwiches, 2 small cups of soup, and 2 regular drinks, you'll be paying like $20. So it's expensive, and pseudo healthy, (meaning looks-like-it's-healthy-but-it's-really-not) but good.
3	I don't really like big box-like bakeries that have popped up over the years, because well... I'm not a big-box chain type person. However, I was in the area, starving, with some time to kill and was craving something to hold me over until dinner. What I had hoped for was a lemonade and a muffin. Only thing was, they didn't have lemonade. Boo. Mega mega boo.Once I figured out where to go to order, I decided on a banana nut muffin and a black cherry smoothie. Speaking of which though, is it ever okay for a customer to not know where to go to order something? Really? I really hope no one thinks this is okay. Luckily, someone behind the counter sensed my frustration and helped me.The prices weren't bad and everything was ready quickly and I was able to take a seat on a comfy chair in an area no one was occupying. The muffin was huge. Therefore, that combined with the smoothie rather than a lemonade meant I pretty much had my dinner there. Kinda sad. The muffin was fantastic but huge. The winner of this visit though? The black cherry smoothie. Now that I know how big portions are, whenever I need something to hold me over, I'll be back for that. Pure heaven.
5	I'm not sure why this place is getting such tough reviews when everyone seems to love it.  The food is phenomenal, the cookies are perfect, and they have an AMAZING turkey cranberry sandwich.It can be a little pricey, but they always have great deals on cookies (buy one get one).  It's very clean, the staff work quickly to keep wait times down.  I'm not sure what more you could ask from a bakery.
3	This goes for all PB's not just this particular location.  Shame on you! I used to love this place and it was #1.  I loved you 10x more than Wildflower.  Guess what? Wildflower surpassed you in quality now.  You are trying to save money and thought we wouldn't notice you are giving us less and charging us more and complicated the salad menu.  But not only are you saving money by giving us less... the product itself just isn't the same.  After years of going there, I have no intention to go back.  It just isn't good anymore and I don't like being tricked.  In these times, you're getting more for your money at restaurants.  Why is Paradise Bakery doing the opposite?
4	This location is fairly large with a nice patio outside. I met some friends here for lunch and it was super busy and thus we were thankful for the size of the restaurant since we didn't have a problem finding a table. We were greeted by a very friendly employee that offered us cookie chip samples, yummy.  The restaurant itself is clean, but when my friend went to the bathroom to change her son's diaper she found out they didn't have a diaper changing station. The food came out really fast although ordering took longer than it probably should and they were out of broccoli cheddar soup :(FYI: I was surprised to find out that my medium pumpkin spice latte that I ordered cost $4.35! It was a really strong pumpkin flavor, which was probably a good thing cause I'm not confident their espresso beans would be that tasty and worth the money.
4	I really like Paradise Bakery.  We have been eating here for quite some time now, at various locations around the valley.  Their sandwiches and soups are very tasty and quick too.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  My two favorites, on any occasion are the Bacon Turkey Bravo and the Steak and White Cheddar.  The Tomato Mozzarella is good too if you don't like meat.  I have had just about everything on the menu and have enjoyed every item.
3	The food here is pretty good. I've come here on several occasions and got their "You Pick 2" deal. Their Southwest Chicken Caesar salad is surprisingly delicious. There's a slight chipotle zing to the dressing and I love the tortilla chips that are sprinkled in. The Creamy Chicken & Wild Rice soup is quite tasty as well. I don't think I'd ever get the sandwiches here though. The portions are rather small for what you pay for. I could make sandwiches like these at home! A friend of mine and I would come here to study from time to time as well. There's free wi-fi and outlets strewn throughout the restaurant which allows for hours-on-end of studying (which obviously means 1 hour of studying for 2 hours of procrastination).Their cookies are great, by the way. PS: This might be a one-time thing but the last time I came to Paradise Bakery, I saw a couple flies lounging around on some of their muffins behind the counter. I notified one of the employees behind the counter in which she replied "Oh, geeze, why do they keep doing that." She never did do anything about said muffins so they're still sitting there. Hopefully this doesn't happen often but I won't be getting their pastries any time soon =X
4	One of my reliable places to go for lunch or dinner. I wasn't too happy when they changed their menu a while back but now I have gotten used to it and have my new favorites to choose from. I just wish that they still had Cholula Hot Sauce. The service is always friendly though and even when the lines are long they move along fairly quickly except for the occasional moron that doesn't think about looking at the menu until the last minute. Or the moron that can't seem to decide from which of the soups he would like to dip his sandwich into.
4	I work in the same plaza as Paradise Bakery and I frequent them regularly.  Their food is always very good and I've never had a bad meal here.  Their customer service, however, leaves something to be desired.  And this is not true of all their employees, because I have had some very helpful and nice people assist me before.  It's mostly with the crowd of younger employees that they seem to have recently hired.  Paradise Bakery is usually very busy, but I once waited in line for over 10 minutes without one employee even acknowledging my existence.  I understand your busy, but even a nice "Hi I will be right with you!" would be nice.  And they are usually not very enthusiastic and have an attitude as if they are doing me a great favor and I am the one inconveniencing them.  Like I said before this is not true of all the employees and for the most part I have a pleasant experience there.  Besides their cookies are to die for!
5	It is a great place to have lunch and stay and chat.  Comfortable booths and chairs and good food.  And I am addicted to their sugar cookies.  This one even has a room for private lunches.
4	Love this place I would head here for a healthy lunch I've tried most of the premium and signature salads and they do not disappoint. Delicious :)
5	Loving this place as I walked in. A very cozy one and the service was fast. I love that they have a small room that can fit 50 ppl in the very back end that I can use for meetings. The manager was very friendly and assist me with any kind of things that I need for my meetings. My only concern for this place is the GPS location for this place is a little bit off. It directs me to the other side across from this complex. But other than that I LOVE this place!
4	I love this place for coffee and catch up with friends.  Very relaxing evening
4	If you are from a different part of the U.S. you will know this place as Panera Bread. These places are awesome! We always loved going to Panera Bread in other places of the U.S. we were very happy when we found out that this was basically the same place. If you are looking for some really good fresh food this is the place for you. The staff here was very nice and the establishment was very well kept and clean. We will definitely be back here a few more times before we leave for our next location.
2	I'm becoming less of a fan of this place. Their food is average, although overpriced.  The items from the bakery (cookies, muffins, bagels, etc.) are pretty good though. I go here very often because I work in the same shopping center, but the convenience does not make up for their horrible customer service. There's a few friendly ones (like Michelle, Chelsea, Amy, and Garrick- all super helpful and always upbeat) but many people work here and the rest are awful.  They act as if you're inconveniencing them and they're doing you some huge favor.  I always have to wait, even if there's employees behind the counter and no line!  They avoid eye contact and walk away and move some pans to act as if they're busy instead of helping the customers.  I'd give it 3.5 stars for food, 1 for service.
3	Met a friend here for lunch...this chain is known for their great bakery items (fabulous chocolate chip cookies come with your lunch!) The sandwiches, salads and soups are fine, but a little pricey. The place is clean and very busy, considering there are quite a few lunch places in this mall.
1	Worst service ever. Rude. Don't explain anything and expect you to carry a huge bowl and an additional plate.
3	Good, solid bakery and cafe chain.  Always seems pretty clean.  Employees are friendly and helpful.  Can be pretty busy around peak hours though.They have a nice combo special where you choose 2 items (1/2 pasta, cup of soup, 1/2 sandwich, and/or 1/2 salad) and get a freshly-baked cookie for dessert -- they always give you a chocolate chip one unless you request something different.  The portions are decent sized, I always leave pleasantly full.I recommend the Garden Vegetable soup with pesto (which comes with a roll), the Fontina Grilled Cheese panini with added tomatoes (make sure to check that they melt the cheese all the way, sometimes when it's busy, they seem to skimp on the grill time), and the Crumbly Blue Cheese salad (ask for light dressing though -- they usually really go after it -- unless you like salad with your dressing).
5	Love this place! I get the classic grilled sandwich white :) I love it! The lemonade from the fountain drinks is delicious too!! And well everybody know the bakery products cookies muffins ect are bomb
3	I like the freshness here. Ordered the southwest Caesar salad. Was expecting something more than just romaine dressing and southwest sauce. I guess they don't put corn or veggies in there. Nothing special. But I guess I would be back if I wanted an average salad.
3	Had half a Greek salad and a cup of French onion soup. Good flavor. Nice decor.
5	Quick, Fresh, & Delicious! Many Combo lunches to choose from at a reasonable price. Servings just right. Staff friendly & helpful. Immaculately clean. I look forward to my next meal there.
