4	It was our second time ordering.. Our first pizza was good, it could have used more sauce, so this time around I just ordered more sauce, the house salad is soo good too!!  Its big enough for two people!
5	This place is good. I was skeptical at first but once i took a bite of my pizza i was delighted. The dough is so soft, and delicious. The cheese and pepperoni was perfect, put in enough sauce, i do not like a lot of sauce just enough to taste it. We got a large pizza and 8 wings plus a 2 ltr soda all for 14 and change. Good price, the wings were nice and hot as well.
5	Hands down the best pizza in Avondale they make everything fresh made once you order. They have great prices not expensive at all they have great deals all the times !!! Once you try it you'll fall in love with there  pizza crust it's to die for !!!!
5	I'll start off by admitting that I might be a bit bias when it comes to this pizza place since I grew up next to one is San Luis Rio Colorado. A few days ago I brought my wife a pizza from Mangiamo's and we both loved it. The crust in particular is delicious, its crispy on the bottom and soft on the inside. Also the crust isn't super greasy or anything like some other places whose pizzas' leaves the box saturated with grease. Like someone else already mentioned there isn't a lot of sauce on the pizza just enough so you can taste it but not to the point that it overpowers the flavors of the toppings. Overall I know we'll be eating at Mangiamo's again.
5	Best pizza in town hands down. The service is absolutely amazing as well. Their delivery service is great too!
4	The first time I had Mangiamo's was for lunch one day when my boss sent me over to grab two $5 pies.  Considering it's a small cozy shop, this place sure does pack a punch!  A great $10-something spent!The crust of the pizza is perfect.  I was anticipating a typical greasy pie like their competitors across the way but was pleasantly surprised.  It was crisp to perfection on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside.  They go light-handed on the sauce which my boss didn't like but I found it to be perfect.  If the sauce is flavorful, you don't need to drench the dough, right?  The toppings are fresh, the spices used are great, and overall it's a solid place for a quick bite. After stopping in a few more times, I can say that the consistency of their quality and taste is on point.  It's delicious and makes the tummy and wallet happy!
5	Excelente pizza  es la mejor que yo e comido  te recomiendo a que la pruebes te va a gustar mucho como a mi
4	We just moved to the Glendale area, and were looking for somewhere other than the "regulars" to deliver.  Hubby found this place on here, and they were friendly while ordering.We went with the basic pizza/wings combo.  The pizza has a bread-like crust, which isn't my favorite, but it was really tasty.  Nothing against them, it's a personal preference.  I do like that they don't drown their pizza in sauce, the cheese was really good, too.But, OMG...the wings!!  I fell in love with them.  Too bad I had to share the order with hubby, or I would've eaten all dozen of them...LOL!  We got the honey BBQ sauce, and it was amazing!  The wings are huge, too!  Just so good!!  (Can y'all tell that I really loved those wings??)
5	Great neighborhood pizza place. Great customer service. Food was freshly prepared. Ordered a personal pepperoni pizza and a side of  garlic bread.The dough was good, not too thick, thin or crispy - just right. It was also tasty, not like the cardboard stuff you get from chain spots. Sauce was good.  Even the garlic bread was good.Great family-owned spot that I'll continue to support.
4	A solid pizza joint best for take out. Every bite resembles utopia in a slice of pizza. Lovingly made by hand with the freshest ingredients and not your chain pizza place. Only downside to report is not enough variety and not really a great dine in area but otherwise excellent. The reason they don't drown the pizza in their homemade sauce is because they want you to taste the ingredients and we find that refreshing and love that about them. It's definitely a must try place and who knew Mexican pizza was so delicious!
4	Why get a slice when you can have a hot and fresh personal pizza. They start at $3.99 for a peperoni. I ordered the supreme for $4.99. Good value, fresh tasting, peperoni's were really good, its pizza with a Mexican twist (chorizo is a topping option). The only thing missing was a pizza crust crispy on the bottom (New York Style). Friendly staff, the Valentina hot sauce packet was a nice touch, I will be back! B+
4	Craving bar food tonight and came across this place. Definitely unexpected and so good. The carnivora pizza was piled with meat and just the right amount of veggies.  The wings were crispy and not greasy, with enough sauce to give you flavor.  Definitely coming back for more!
