5	Passed by this new store as I was coming back from the Home Depot on Thomas. WOW! Did they ever pull out all the stops with this store! You have to see this one as the manager told me its called a "Flagship" store. This thing is HUGE! Another drive-thru with ample parking and tons of seating inside and out. D&D has really improved their image big time in Phoenix and this store says it all.  A+ on customer service once again and the coffee was stellar. I tried the new Berries N' Cream donuts which was very good I must say. All in all another great location and amazing store....If you like Dunkin you need to see this store!
3	We have been there a few times for coffee. The coffee is very good. The customer service is good. The price is great compared to Starbuck's and the drive through is quick and easy. One night we stopped by for decaf. After staying awake until 2 am, I realized that the coffee was caffeinated. That was not so good. The donuts are terrible. They don't taste like what I remember as a kid. There was no depth to the cake donut and it was super light and spongy. Not what I think of when it comes to a cake donut. On top of it, the donut tasted like chemicals. I'm not sure if it was the frosting. It certainly did not have that homemade taste. Wishell's on McDowell is much better.
4	I do love Dunkin Donuts..... specifically the Toasted Coconut and Chocolate Frosted cake. :)Pretty much 99% of the time I get the Coffee & 2 donuts combo (of course the Toasted Coconut & Chocolate Frosted cake). I used to go here WAY too often -- so often, that they know it's me when I order at the drive-thru. Cause I get the "Toasted Coconut & Chocolate Frosted cake"..... And seriously, I have to say that everytime -- cause for a long time they would mess up and give me a chocolate glazed donut or chocolate frosted glazed donut - - def not the same. Friendly staff. Make sure you get the coffee punch card if you order alot of Medium-sized coffees here...
1	Not the Dunkin Donuts that everyone remembers.Two tiny shelves of stale donuts...I guess when the grocer is selling your way overpriced coffee like gangbusters, you can forget what got you there in the first place.
3	The drive-thru open until 9pm, but the in-store service closed at 8pm.  Haven't had a chance of trying it out, will do it hopefully soon.
5	Have you been dunkin lately? If not make sure to check this one out.  Prices are cheaper then Starbucks and coffee tastes better. What's not to like about that? There is a set of standards to be expected these days when it comes to coffee. What about service? At this DD the service is fast. From drive tru window to walking in, your coffee will be ready in 1 minute or less. It's a rather simple relationship between any customer and any retailer. You provide the coin, they provide the service. And this DD work very good from that perspective.
4	I wake up with a smile knowing I'll soon have a cup of their delicious coffee.
4	The food and price was exceptionally good, I was excited due to my hometown not having more than one dunkin donuts within 20miles from my house but the service could have been friendlier.
1	Having a tough time this morning Dunkin?I ordered a Large mocha and an glazed donut.I received a medium coffee with cream and sugar.It was at 11:00pm and I was the only car in the line.I don't feel the need to say anything else...:)
2	Not the best run Dunkin' Donuts.
2	After hearing all the hype, the commercials on tv, etc.... I finally got to experience Dunkin Donuts first hand.  I tried their donuts, coffee and breakfast sandwich. HMMM... Let's just say, I am not too disappointed that i don't have access to one locally. Their donuts were dry, my local donuts shop have way better donuts.
1	I like dunkin'  but the service sucks ..  The cashier was rude but I would be too if I had that job. She messed up on our order didn't go back to change it because it would've been a waste of time she probably would've messed up on that as well. Just left dunkin' 20min ago!
3	The donuts, sandwiches, and service are good but the coffee is slightly slacking. I'm by no means a coffee snob as I enjoy everything from Keurig to Starbucks and all the hipster shops in between but both the iced and hot coffee here have been disappointing through numerous visits.  They would possibly be better if you're into flavored drinks but stick to snacks if you like your coffee black.
2	at this Dunkin Donuts they definitely take care of the drive thru before the walk ups. Everytime I come in here there are at least 3 or 4 cars that were in the drive thru as I walk in that are driving out f the drive thru before I even get served. I'm a honestly never come back to this location. It happens every single time I come here and it just happened again today right now. It's really aggravating when you have two clerks who are working their asses off to get the drive thru taken care of While totally blowing off the walk up people.
3	Quick service, but the selection of donuts is lacking at 7:30am. You'd think they would be fully stocked and ready to go.
