3	What's this that has popped up on Morrison Street out of nowhere? Another Shebeen! For those of you who don't know, the original Shebeen is located next to Mithas down at the Shore, Leith. So this new addition was a very welcome surprise.We decided to pop in for a drink at the weekend to see what it's all about. I think it is easiest if I just split my experience into pros and cons.The pros:- Great central location.- Fun South African themed interior.- We didn't eat this time but we saw food being served and the the traditional South African menu looks amazing.- Friendly staff.The cons:- I had to change my drink order 3 times before they actually had the drink in stock.- It is pretty small and chilly inside.- The staff seemed a little nervous and unsure of what they were doing.I shall forgive the cons. They are very newly opened and it is only natural to have teething problems, as long as they get them ironed out. For now, I wouldn't return for a drink (as it is just a small restaurant area) but i will go to their Leith bar for a drink, and I will return to Morrison Street to sample their exciting menu. After that I will update my review with the outcome :)
3	this review will be rather short and sweet, similar to my visit to shebeen.  see it was friday night, i'd already been out and was meeting the boyfriend for a quick nightcap before heading back to his flat.  i was in old town, he was on lothian, we needed to go to slateford, hence the newly opened Shebeen.i remember this place being an OK japanese noodle bar we'd been to once, so i was pleasantly surprised to find it had been re-opened as something more promising with less greasy noodles.  the restaurant is just a short flight of stairs from the street and when you open the door it's all south african music and wood furnishings and comfy leather benches.  i have to say it was a marked improvement over the old decor of the noodle bar.we were only planning to grab a quick drink, but i sort of feel like this place isn't set up to be a drinks only location.  the waitress was happy to show us to a seat, but i felt a bit like had the place been busy with diners i would have felt out of place with my single beer.  my beer was good, of south african heritage but i can't say much more than that.  i'd be interested to see their food options which may be cause for a repeat visit, but i find it unlikely i would just visit here for a drink again as it definitely feels this place is much more a restaurant than a bar.
4	Do you like meat? Do you like a lot of meat? Say no more, head to Shebeen. It's a South African restaurant and apparently it is very authentic. It's located on the second floor near Lothian Road. My partner and I shared 'fanagalo' which was such a large portion. It included:- meatballs- a half rack of spare ribs- homemade boerewors sausage- pork belly and beef sosaties'OMG the ribs were AMAZING! I want to come back already for the ribs alone. The pork belly was really good too. Actually, everything in this sharing platter was so tasty - everything was very well seasoned. For mains, I had the 'cheetah size' sirloin while my partner had the 'lion size' rib-eye. My boyfriend's steak was the size of a chopping board!! So unbelievable that I started laughing uncontrollably when the server brought it over. My steak was also quite large but manageable (mind you I did not finish it). The steaks were great. They weren't perhaps the best steak I have had but the price, we both agreed it was good value. My boyfriend brought half of his uneaten steak home in a doggy bag. I thought the service was good but there were some hiccups when our bill came - a beer that we hadn't ordered and the wrong wine was charged.Overall, if you fancy some meat sweats venture over to this establishment. You'll definitely have a giggle when your steak arrives!
4	"Welkom to Meat Heaven" is the bold claim, as you enter Shebeen's new premises, at the top of Morrison Street. Their South African delights, prepared on the braai, are a considerable treat, so I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit. Definitely more a restaurant than a bar, this is the place to go next time you need a good dose of meaty goodness. The lunchtime fanagalo (a big bucket of meat, to share) is excellent value, so definitely the one to try on your first visit :-)Overall, we said: "I was well impressed by the meat heaven available at Shebeen. For the meat lover in your life, this is the place to book for your next lunch or evening out. I'm going to go back, soon, to try their steaks, as I have a feeling they'll be good, based on the care and attention shown in the preparation of the items we had, today. Veggies...well, this one's not for you."
5	Simply put....Outstanding! Food was incredible, the bunny chow being a must try. Great weekday lunchtime specials to boot! The proprietor was both personable and knowledgeable and spent a quality among of time discussing everything from food selection, preparation to pairings. Highly recommended for anyone interested in a truly authentic South African experience.
4	We only stopped here for drinks, but its lovely inside for an authentic south african atmostphere. The wine that we had was not to be questioned and the staff were new but service we fabby!! The food menu looked great for all those hardy meat eaters out there!!Its on my to do list !!
5	For some time now the name Shebeen has been bouncing around the city as the spiritual home of carnivores! A place where meat is the main event. Under the banner of being a South African restaurant the guys here have built up a reputation for serving up big plates of well cooked, well seasoned meat. It's a reputation which is very well deserved! On reading the menu you quickly get a sense that this unapologetic reverence for beef had been taken to new levels. On the starters you'll find samosas filled with either beef or veg, 'mini' boerewors with they homemade tomato relish, frikadelle - a meatball stuffed with various things including cheese and a number of the other main courses in start portions! I opted for the calamari however, crunchy, soft and delicious with a lovely dipping sauce! If it was hard to choose a starter selecting a main was well nigh impossible, steaks of varying sizes, traditional South African dishes and some straight up meat challenges! Amongst these challenges you will find the Jo Burger, 1.2kg of beef or a custom baked bun WOW!! This would have to wait for a another day however, I was after some steak! My friend Scott went for the Lion ribeye you see up on the board, that was sensational, cooked to a beautiful rare the flavour was superb! I went surf and turf, rare steak and prawns covered in garlic and chilli with double cooked fries!! This lead to coining of the phrase #meatgasm!What really stands out for me in Shebeen is the care they give to the meat! From doing their butchery, to their seasonings, to the way in which they perfectly rest the meat before serving. These guys are the kings of grilled meat as far as I am concerned!To top it all off the service and the welcome you receive is first class! The chefs are all more than happy to chat steak and the front of house staff are welcoming, funny and efficient! They really do have it all!
4	Roll out the meat! This place is a real meat fest for people that want meat meat meat. (no pescetarians or vegetarians allowed!) In a place that looks like a converted Boers Farmstead they offer buckets and lion shares of ribs, fillets, T-Bone, Oxtail and Boerwors. What more is there that you need? Oh yes beer, Amstel, Castle and Corona or a good Savannah Dry cider to wash it all down with. I like the atmosphere and a birthday meal for 6 people needs a big table - which they have. The zebra skin on the ceiling beams do authenticate the feel of this place, and the springbok skin oval shield with spears on the wall creates an idea that they catch and butcher their meat them selves - well the butcher part is correct! The service is totally appropriate - always asking is all is fine or if you need more, MORE?! Are you kidding me? I am bursting after all this delicious meat. Just bring me a finger bowl to was off what didn't manage to lick of my digits. Few things though - some drinks are not available anymore and still on the menu. - just black 'm out? I have to say to them "Ek dankjie veel" !!
4	so i finally made it back here for dinner!  and oh my, what a meaty delicious dinner it was!!  seriously the steaks here are enormous!!!  no joke, my boyfriend's steak was the size of my face if not bigger and my 'smaller' steak was of an equally large size.  the sides that came with the steak were quite good, especially the garlic mushroom and also my grilled prawn starter was super tasty!!  definitely will be heading back here for another dinner!!
5	YABBADABBA DOO!! Finally went to this place after waiting and waiting to go I finally got to ! Awesome awesome place! Hidden little place, as in you could walk right by it and not even know it was there. Went in, the waitress greeted us and I asked for a table. She said most of the tables were booked but checked anyways to see if she could squeeze us in which she did and I was very thankful. She came and got us a pitcher of water and asked what we would like to drink. I had a cheap S. African beer which was ok ( it was a cheap beer what can I complain about) . We then ordered the appetizer which was recommend to me. The Fandalango, which was a bucket of meats. It was a meal unto itself. Seriously guys and gals thats all you need it was filling enough. But since I was feeling like Fred Flintstone and I am a Leo I went and ordered my steak to , but let me finish with the appetizer first. The fried pork belly was strangely good! I thought it would be a bit sweeter in terms of the meat but it was still really moist and yummy. The fat on it was the best part I think, it had that pork flavour with something else I cant put my finger on. The ribs were also amazing I think I started sucking the bone marrow out of them. Then my T-Rex steak arrived. WOW, um waitress, ma'am, sorry but theres half a cow here I think your butcher messed something up. The steak was huge!!! ( you can all see from the pictures obviously but I still had to tell you and one more time) The steak was huge!!! Perfectly cooked as well, I love my steaks pretty rare, and seasoned lightly. Thats my only bit of criticism I wish it had a little bit more seasoning on it, just a bit to enhance the flavour . I didnt even get into the little bit of chips on the side. I had one of the onion rings and it was good, not burnt , not greasy, slightly sweet from the onion and otherwise perfect. The salad on the side is to clean the palate so I had some of that as well when I threw in the towel. Great place I will be back again for the ribs. Sadly this lion couldnt finnish his lion sized meal and had to take it home in his doggy- bag.
5	This was so awesome. Meaty perfection followed by wonderfully comforting milk tart. Proper south african food at its best and obviously made with love.
5	Fantastic evening at Shebeen! A meat lovers paradise!!!Can I first of all say this restaurant is extremenly good value for money!! As a groupe we ordered ribs to start - finger licking good ! fall off the bone goodness...I ordered the steak for main ( id heard soo many good things about these juicy steaks ) and so had one! I ordered the LION size and my goodness I was given a steak bigger that the average head !!! It was juicy , full of flavour and lovely !!! Because it was a birthday meal for one of my friends we were allowed to bring a couple of bottles of fizz and the girls that served us were attentive and friendly. At the end my friend ordered a mint milkshake desert and the wrote on the plate Happy birthday and gave her for free a chomp ( s. african chocolate) and to us all a free spingbok shot each!!I am sooo pleased that Sheebeen seems to be doing so well and i cannot fault it - Please please go!!
1	who wants to eat animals all unhealthy, fried and greasy?? makes you want to be vegan
