3	I'm Yelping about this Fazoli's because I had the most amusing, but at the same time frustrating, experience trying to obtain dinner for my fiance and I last night."Baked Spaghetti Parmesan with Meat Balls, and Meat sauce instead of marinara." I was instructed specifically to say it just like that, and that I did.I ordered a Caesar salad, bread sticks and a Roasted Turkey sandwich.I'm patiently waiting for my order.As the food order starts to take shape behind the counter, I see her stack a dish that I didn't order on top of my sandwich and attempt to place it in the bag.Irritated, I exclaim, "Excuse me? What is that you just put in that bag?""Spaghetti with Meatballs", she said."I didn't order that. I ordered Baked Spaghetti Parmesan with Meat Balls, and Meat sauce instead of marinara."She makes a second attempt to make the order correctly. This time, Baked Spaghetti with Meat Sauce with a Breaded Breast of Chicken Parmesan comes out."No, that's not it either", I explained. "Can I speak to the person in kitchen?"Finally after explaining to the person making the food in the kitchen what I wanted, it was correct.Normally, that Fazoli's is pretty reasonable. Their pizza has always been extremely mediocre. Other than that, this is my first bad experience.The bread sticks were really good that night, so I gave it 3 stars.
2	Mama Mia! Fast food Italian. Who woulda thunk it? Well. Somebody incompetent and passionless. I would rename this place Yuckoli's. Fits better. I knew I was treading on dicey turf going to this joint. But it was in Rickie's old hood and the culinary establishments were limited to fast food and chain restaurants. So I went basic with spaghetti and meatballs (oh God, really, for the love of balls, these circular beef objects were filled with some sawdust like material and blander than Jennifer Aniston's movie career). Not good. We also tried a chicken Alfredo like dish that apparently was made with Elmer's glue. Pasty. Bland. And, yes, it does stick to construction paper. I wasn't expecting much. But I wasn't expecting to be grossed out. All I can say is "Mama Mia, papsa a pee'ah, daddy's got the diarrhea". There. That's classy. And Elite of me. Don't ya think?
3	Good stuff!I typically order the chicken parmesan meal, which comes covered in cheese and spaghetti. The garlic butter breadsticks accompanying the meal are soggy, but flavorful.In need of a filling meal and craving Italian? Consider Fazoli's.
