4	So I just survived the grand opening of topshop here in Las Vegas yesterday and overall it was a great experience. The preopening ceremonies were kinda cool. I got to see Steve Wynn and Kristen Bell. They also had a fashion show and some free goodies. They gave away tote bags and gift cards. I got a wristband to be one of the first ones inside. Inside they had a photo booth, hair and makeup makeovers, and gift with purchases. Most the workers were very nice and attentive.  They had a little trouble checking me out at the till but that was okay since I was probably her first customer.Although they are a little pricey I love their stuff. I had to take away one star because of the very rude worker that was handing out gift bags to the crowd. He purposely passed by me multiple times saying that he had to "spread them out". He handed them to all the non Asians around us. Who already had multiple bags. He would be handing the bag in my direction, look at me, and then pause and pass it back. Like one or two times that's okay maybe he did need to "spread them out" but three or four times, really now. Overall I really do love their store. They also brought in people from the UK to help manage I guess. Their accents and being in Topshop really made me reminisce about my summer in Cambridge.
4	I love Topshop and have been ecstatic about their Vegas store since I found out it was coming. They have a great selection of just about everything, especially crazy platform shoes (which I love). They also offer a cool 10% discount for students. I came in desperately needing a new handbag and left with an adorable one. The prices are a bit marked up if you're used to paying GBP at their stores but the quality is definitely better than what you'd fund at the cheaper alternatives nearby. Service was great. I only knocked off one star simply because I'm biased to the one in Knightsbridge and this one doesn't have the selection or size of the one there. Still, for this side of the world, it's pretty fab.
5	My name is David and I am a shopaholic. Depends on how you look at it, please leave or don't leave me alone in this shop. Topshop has been described as a higher end H&M. Unlike their competitor, the material feels less abrasive against the skin. This is not meant to bash the former, and this luxury definitely comes at a price. Most of the items are more expensive than H&M as well.The guys section has a selection of casual to business casual attire. What stood out were the accessories. Although they were inexpensive, they do not look cheap. Move over ladies, you are not the only ones allowed to sport quirky jewelry anymore. Skulls, crosses, chains, studs, spikes, ear cuffs, and layered bracelets are available to liven up any outfit. In fact, the store looks like a Korean boy band explosion. I have not seen so many colors and unique patterns since I was in Asia. The checkout associate was so nice. She asked me if I was still a student of any kind. With an ID, you get a 10% discount. It is not an opening week special, but will be continuous. Dangerous!
4	So I finally got to visit Topshop/Topman and i must say i'm loving the pieces they have. Very up to date and fashionable. For all you fashionistas out there this is a great place to shop.  I liked a lot of their clothes but i'm more on the heavy set so i really don't know if their stuff would fit me, looks kind of snug. One thing that caught my eye was all the cool accessories they had. Some employees were helpful&friendly others just stood there, I must say, there are a lot of cute girls that work there lol. So to sum it all up it's a very fashionable store in the Fashion Show Mall on The Strip with tons of space and a lot of dope pieces to choose from, kind of pricey but dope none the less.
5	This store is a TRUE shop-a-holic's DREAM. There should be separate reviews for Topman and Toshop because we had very different experiences in both ends of the store and technically the two are pretty separated.Topshop: I frequented this store in NYC when I lived there and now I live in Miami which unfortunately does not have Topshop. I saw it advertised EVERYWHERE that Topshop was opening in LV upon my recent trip there. I went to the H&M Marni line opening and it was horrible. I did not really like anything but then again that's really not my style. We then went over to Topshop and it was NOT open. I was really surprised. How could you advertise something being open and then not put the time if it's not early in the morning? I figured it would be open early but to my surprise it was not open until 4:00pm. I was reluctant to return but since we were playing poker at the Wynn later, I decided to check out Topshop which is right across the street, literally.So at around 5:30 I strolled in and immediately started grabbing things left and right. 4 girls added things to my room until one girl offered to take me into the personal shopping room and help me there. The personal shopping room is GORGEOUS. It's  very Miami chic. White sofa all around (which was great for my fiance who after 5 minutes would have wanted to leave the topshop store). This gave him some room to sit down and wait for me to try on 20 things. I asked my specialist Lauren to look at my clothes and pick me out something that she liked. I was really looking for a pair of sequined shorts and could not find any that looked good on my body type. Lauren, I don't know how she did it but magically from the heavens she brought me a pair of shorts that fit my body type BETTER than a glove!!! The style of the shorts was also PERFECT and exactly what I was looking for. The color matched a blazer that I had recently bought in Miami and I was so excited to wear the blazer with these shorts. She found me really cute styles and I was really impressed. They offered coffee, water, CUPCAKES, etc... Honestly, if we did not go into the personal shopping room I wouldn't have found half the stuff that I did and we wouldn't have spent $700+ (WITH my 10% student discount, yikes!)The styles: Very glittery, flashy, eye catching, and unique. Nothing you will find at any other store in this price range. My glitter shorts were $150 and they look like $1,000+. When I was back in Miami wearing them with my new blazer a group of men actually asked me how much they were.It is expensive but that's fashion. The materials are pretty good for the cost.***If you are reading this before going to Topshop MAKE SURE to make an appointment with a personal shopper. ASK FOR LAUREN. She helped me out and was soooo amazing.*** All the girls that work at Topshop are gorgeous (can only speak for the opening) but don't intimidate. I really love this concept.Also a PS- in the personal shopping room we saw the owner of topshop worldwide! My fiance had read an article about him and so he knew what he looked like and the owner popped into the room and my fiance told me that was the owner (the other girls confirmed) so you never know who you will see here!
4	Great store with tons of great pieces and basics.  This is the Uniqlo/GAP/H&M of London.Much of the stuff is expensive for what it is, but you can find a good deal.  They have some great shoes and dresses for reasonable prices.  The jewelry section is amazing and I was so tempted to buy a bunch of stuff.  I also like that they have a 10% discount for students, woo.I bought a cute polka dot dress (somewhat retro), some cute flats, and socks.  Some of the loafers they have are cute and all leather but pricey for what I was looking for... $65 for cheap loafers...  decided to spend that on my dress!  And the dress is machine washable! Sizing is a little odd... I'm usually a 0 or 2, and a 4 in my dress fit me ok.  The 2 was too tight.  Odd.  Definitely need to try before you buy here.  The dressing rooms are spacious and nice.  They're a bit understaffed though.All the clothes are on trend and will be standout pieces in your wardrobe... this is more than I can say for Uniqlo/GAP who specialize in the basics.Definitely worth a stop to shop.  After I purchased my goods and walked around to other stores and other malls, people actually stopped me to ask me about Topshop.  I guess it's pretty popular since it's so new in Vegas.
5	I died and went to retail heaven. I am obsessed with the website and I was so happy to finally walk through an actual store! Whether you've heard of it or not, if you love fashion you will love TOPSHOP.... Guaranteed. And that's all you really need to know.
3	I went to London two summers ago and visited the topshop there. I love their clothing ,accessories and handbags - ALL they had to offer. When I came back to the US and realize that they were planning to open on in the west coast I got excited. I've been anticipating it since then. And when I saw that they had opened two weeks ago when I went to vegas I KNEW I had to go. I bugged the hell out of Darren to drive me there since we were staying at the four seasons and its like MILEs away - in vegas length. Darren said yes and hopping for joy I jumped into the car with a grin on my face....When I got there...I AM - disappointed. This location does not do the store any justice! This store seemed a little too overly-hipped out with neons and sparkles that it just seemed...not my cup of tea. I really missed the classic/timeless pieces that the one on oxford street had to offer. This was just another 'shop' for me, not the TOPshop I was looking forward to.  Price for things were the same so no difference there.Walked out with nothing and went to Zara instead.Maybe next month when I go to vegas again, I'll stop by and have another look.Hopefully the one opening in the Grove next year will be better. *fingers crossed*
3	Sad to say it was empty. The rest of Fashion Show mall was buzzin. This only weeks after opening. I thought store looked great. Do tourists/locals get it though? It works in cities like NY and now Chicago but Vegas? Not sure. At all. It was also well-pricey. The stuff does last (worked as a personal shopper in oxford street for 4 years) and still wear items from back then now but something didnt add up. Shocked really.
5	I've been shopping at the Topshop online store for years, this was my first time going to the store. We Came here on Sunday before going back to LA. Its located in the Fashion Show mall.The store is massive. It has such a lovely selection and fun atmosphere. lm 5'0 tall and under 85lbs and they had a petite section! Probably my favorite part.. They also had a huge selection of accessories. Loved the socks and necklaces. The shoe section is also a good size. Some of the shoes were on sale for the holiday weekend. I was treated so well by the employees. They were all extremely helpful and friendly. I had a personal shopping suite and my own stylist Ginger who was such a doll. I think she is also the manager. She walked up to me numerous times while I shopped and took my items. I ended up spending about 2 hours at Topshop and walked away with tons of great finds. I now know every time I go to Vegas I'll set a few hours aside to shop here. Next time I go I'll call/email Ginger to pull clothes in my size. My overall experience here was amazing.
5	More reasons for me to love Las Vegas! OH man, I can spend hours in this store, imagine spending hours and hours in TopShop NYC. I NEVER leave empty handed. NOT A GOOD THING!On top of this amazing store, is the amazing 10% student discount they give! I can't wait til they open TopShop in LA at the Grove. It's probably the worse idea ever...my wallet will HATE me!
5	I was so excited going into Topshop! I loved the online store so I was curious what they had to offer in store. First of off, it's huge! It's nicely split into Topshop and Topman. There was a really nice gay guy that helped me out trying to find my size in this one dress. They didn't have my size but he suggested I sized down and I can't believe it fit like a glove! I was very grateful for his help and assistance. :) They also have a free photo booth that my boyfriend discovered. We took some pictures which was a lot of fun!I can't wait to come back to shop more!
3	Very cute but I'm a deal tip of shopping. I love the clothes but I feel like I can get it cheaper at Forever or Cotton on..
4	AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!AMAZING STAFF!!AMAZING STORE!!AMAZING CLOTHES!!Cute photobooth!My whole world was on mute as soon as i walked into TOP SHOP! Love you guys!!
2	When you walk in, the music makes it feel like you've entered a club.  The wife spent about an hour looking at the clothes, but as for the men's selection, too tight, and too small.  Maybe it's just not my style.
4	I love this place. All the decades are represented here. Customer service seems to be lacking every time I go, but it's a great place to find really interesting clothes (though unfortunately, not at any bargain). 10% off everything, even the elusive sale items, if you show a student ID.
2	No no no: No effective customer service, no quality construction, no proper pricing. Yes: trendy stuff.  The clerk at the register was downright rude. Nobody offered any assitance when we were shopping. My daughter decided to stick with Forever 21 for future trips to the Fashion Show.
5	Finally I made it TopMan after browsing their website for awhile since I didn't really have the time to head to New York or London.  Well my expectations were filled but I wasn't overly impressed.  Prices are pretty average for the merchandise as this is not H&M nor is it considered high-end.  From full suits to basic tees and undergarments the selection for men was decent.Customer service was average as I browsed and offered help here and there.  The guys in the men's shoes and fitting rooms were exceptionally helpful.  I had to try on like 15 shirts and tees and like 4 jeans so the fitting room associate was extremely patient and help to organize my looks.Next, I happen to hit TopMan when the summer stuff was on sale so much of the merchandise was extremely discounted.  For example, so much of the necklaces were only $2 or $4 down from $25-$40!There's no TopMan in Colorado or much of America so I think your purchases will be pretty unique.  Overall it was a great time and I cam away with my student discount of 10% (bring your student ID) on top of the end-of-summer sale.
5	Took my wife here since she wanted to check out what all the hype was all about... I was surprised at how many options they had available. They even serve chilled drinks while your significant other shops. I personally didn't find anything but then again I wasn't really looking at the clothes at least hahaha.
5	Look for Clayton. He's the tall handsome guy who looks like a GQ model. He is very soft spoken, incredibly polite, and professional in every way imaginable. He treated us like VIP. We were so impressed we went 2 days in a row and he helped us both times. Top shop is very lucky to have such an outstanding employee. I know that he will do very well wherever he goes. B/c of Clayton our shopping was a very pleasant and enjoyable experience. All customers should leave feeling this way. Go to him for help and you will get what you need plus more. Thanks Clayton! -Eli and Kayla
1	Overrated..... why come here when you can get the exact same thing at H&M or Forever 21 for literally 1/2 the cost.  The people behind the counter are rude, too.  I don't wanna give my money to a place that sells hipster clothes that only homeless people would wear.
4	I love the plethora of clothing that actually fits me.  Its all very stylish and European in nature which is currently on trend it seems.  I bought some nice slacks and stuff for work from here along with a tank to wear to the pool parties over the weekend.  Just to show the spectrum.  It seems like a much higher quality H&M.  At the same time you do have to pay for it with a little more of the back account.  It does seem like clothing that will last for a while though which I always say is a worthy investment.  The staff is friendly enough, but not overly so as is the case with some stores where they work on comission (i have no idea if they do here or not).  They show up at a lot of the local events (Vegas Streats is where I saw them) and they haded out gift cards with a mystery amount on them.  I got 50 bucks!  Very clean new store that is worth perusing if being preppy, or even laid back hipster style sounds like anything even remotly in ur wardrobe.
3	Topshop reminds me of a glammer urban outfitters. This particular store is located in the Fashion Show mall, and, from my knowledge, has opened up quite recently. They have security posted at all the doors, that walks around the main entrance. Moment that made me smile : A security was walking from one door to another, but stopped at a rack to pick up a shirt that had fallen down. He lovingly slipped it back onto a hanger, and delicately put it back, then touched the fabric again. Then, he ambled to the door he was headed to. Aw :P They're always blasting loud music here. It's very hip and posh, with all different kinds of clothing to cater to your style. They have tons of things that are in style, as well as a very limited amount of quirky items. It's always nice to browse through what they offer. However, I feel like everything is heaps expensive. They have a tiny, tiny sale section that consists of a few racks in those sizes not many people fit into (example : xs, xxl). They have a huge area for their shoes! I think I have to emphasize that a lot of what they offer is what's "in" right now, and not much else. I know it's trendy, but offer other things you predict will be in style, soon! Their accessories area has a pretty great selection. I always walk out empty handed and filled with hopes that one day, my closet will be full of their expensive key items.
1	shitty selection, go to h and m...also shitty customer service. you are not allow to make returns.
5	Great customer service, i absolutely love the clothes here! I wish there was a top shop clothing store in Nor Cal.
2	This store is a bit pricey .  Your $$ goes further at H&M and Forever 21.    For the price,   Zara fits the value better.   Also,   I didn't realize many of their garments can't go to dryer.....until it's too late.
3	If I had more money I would rate this place 5 stars.  WHOMP! Although my friend really wanted this one dress which she loved.  She looked all over the whole place to find it but it was no where to be found...until she got to the register! They had the exact dress she wanted in her exact size but they couldn't sell it to her because they already put it in the computer that the dress was traveling stores....bummmmerrr!
2	eh its OK.That was my thought going through the store the entire time. It just reminds me of a pricey H&M/Forever 21. Now being my favorite store is Free People I'm used to spending 100-150$ for a shirt but i couldn't really find anything here that was worth that. I'm very particular about the pieces I chose for my wardrobe that being said I don't think Ill be returning here anytime soon. I mean $75 for leggings? a little ridiculous if you ask me.
5	Oh, hello you beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful store. Is it obvious that I'm a fan of Topshop? Because just in case it's not, I can say it again and again. I've done lots of shopping through Topshop online, but this was my first time in an actual store. I was struck with how bright, vibrant and put together it was. You get so used to the messy state of Forever 21 and some department stores that you just nearly come to expect it - until you go into places like this and you remember what standards are about. I loved being able to move comfortably around the store without running into other racks or customers, and I really enjoyed the organization of the store. The Topman store was connected to Topshop so men and women could shop in the same setting but in their own respective sections, and that was a nice touch as well.I just can't say enough good things about Topshop.
4	So I gave it another try last weekend. I am please to say they are becoming more and more like the one I see in London! I'm excited! the shoe selection was to die for! I love it now and will probably go back there next time. I wish they had more purses though!
3	expensive... like the location in Chicago better. They don't usually have deals..:( but i do love their accessories
4	Retail therapy at its best! This was the first store I walked into at Fashion Show in LV and since I only have about an hour to shop, my eyeballs were on the lookout for great deals. And woo Sally I found 'em! At this day and time in January, they had a full racks of clearance blouses and dresses (probably to sweep out for Spring). Not only that, they had towers of jewelry 70% off MSRP. Topshop keeps the store clean and clear so you can maneuver your way through all the cute clothes. If you find your way to the back where all the shoes are, prepare yourself to be amazed at the selection. They have flats, boots, heels, professional, sporty and casual -- and labeled for your type of wear so its easy to find. And thanks to the total of $14 I spent on 3 pieces of jewelry, all I got to say is "bend, snap, I'll be back!" (ode to Legally Blonde, in case you were wondering)
4	The sales here are incredible. I can't wait till California comes out with a Topshop/Topman. I like this place because they always have small sizes/frames for thin men like me. I guess because its a British thing.
3	To me, this was a higher-priced H & M store. I looked at the clearance racks, grouped according to size (smaller sizing, BTW), in the front, and I started to lose interest because the sale prices I thought were a little on the high side (trying to stick to my new rule of only buying items that I truly love, which means it will get used more often). In this mall, I'd rather shop at the following: Ann Taylor Loft, The Limited, Forever 21 or Cotton On. I don't understand the buzz.
5	Great inventory a little more pricey but great finds
5	You don't get the full experience until you do personal shopping. Even if you want to do your own shopping, go to personal shopping first to get a gauge of the look you want to focus on and to make sure that the pieces that you're choosing can go together.  This maximizes your wardrobe.
5	I love this place all of their clothes are fashion forward and different. Yes, it is a little pricey for a guy but looking good us worth it!
3	I shop at topman for the following reasons:Pros:-trendy -great place for men's tanks-good selection of basics (sweatpants!!!)Cons:-pricy for what it is-quality issues
4	This is one of my favorite places to shop. Their jeans are truly amazing (for my body type) they carry some unique stuff. I don't see why someone would call this an over priced Urban Outfitters, The prices are not much different and the clothes at Top Shop are much more trendy. The clothes at Urban outfitters is more Hippie Chic and Topshop is more Runway Chic. What I'm really impressed with at this particular store is the amazing customer service. Thank you to the staff for being so helpful when needed and not hovering over you every second when not needed.
2	Nice selection, good prices, horrible service. I found an item, ready to buy, but nobody helped me for 20 mins. Finally, I had to hunt one of them down, and he guided me to the fitting room and then ran away. I stood there... wanted a different size, but nobody would help me. So I walked out.
3	Located inside the Fashion Show mall on the lower level. The store is huge. The bigger sections are dedicated for the women but the men's section has everything from slim fit suits to swim trunks and shoes. Saw some nice pieces at Topshop but I also some that had me scratching my head wondering if I was really seeing what was on display. Prices are all over the place too. Some suits were in the inexpensive $240 - $250 range but other items like faux leather sleeved sweatshirt hoodies were over $100. The store was good but it had a whole lot of too many things. Kinda overwhelming. Customer service? I dont know who was an employee (couldnt tell) but I certainly was never helped or offered any. Store was busy. I get it.. I worked in retail back in the day but acknowledgement is key. At least for me it is.
1	Went into Topshop today to return an outfit and I was told by Sara "the manager" that my clothes were too worn. She arrived to the counter in a horrible mood and didn't even greet me with a hello or how are you or  even introduce herself as the manager. I worn them for maybe an hour and they were still in perfect condition. She then told me the extra buttons are missing but I don't know anyone that keeps the extra buttons on their outfits while they wear them. Just the week before I spent $500 on clothes there and I just needed to return one outfit but she said that she sees clothes everyday and mine are "wrinkly" so u can't return them for me because they have a few wrinkles she said yes and that's it. She was so disrespectful and very demeaning. I said then maybe I'll try to go to a different Topshop facility so I can talk to someone with better customer service skills and she said good luck because I'm the manager and were the only Topshop in Vegas. This is apparently the only Topshop in Vegas so needless to say I won't be shopping there anymore. Sincerely, a used to be a loyal guest!
4	This is my favorite Topshop that I have been to so far. I've been to Topshop at Nordstrom and the big one in Chicago and none of them compare to this one. I'm not sure if it's because they are located in Las Vegas aka they have better style clothes shipped here for this store, but it's a better selection here than other places. This location is always so clean and the customer service is great. They also have a private shopping dressing room which consists of a couple of spacious dressing rooms and  a private check out area. I also love that they have a huge selection of petite size clothes! I couldn't give this place 5 stars though, only because I think majority of the items here are overpriced!
5	It seems every single time I walk into this store, I get the best service.  It could possibly be because the employees see this teeny Asian girl struggling with a gargantuan 20 pound pile of clothing.  Anywho, the employees of the Las Vegas Topshop store approach me quickly and take all of my clothing to the personal shopping section of the store.  This section is separated from the other (normal) fitting rooms and it comes with its own private cashier.  Very awesome!  I take my time in the store, and constantly add to my already gigantic pile of things to try on.  They also never provide a limit to how many things I can bring into the fitting room, unlike most stores who have a meager limit of 4 or 5 things allowed.  I do tend to blow my load in this store, so the employees are always friendly and helpful.  :-)  One of my all-time favorite stores to shop in!
