4	I am the first to admit, I know NOTHING about babies!  I do want one someday, but at this point, I'm clueless... Anyways, I have a baby shower this Sunday and was kind of dreading going into Babies R Us for fear of being way too overwhelmed.Luckily, the signage in this humongous store is really helpful, and right when I walked in the door, I saw a big sign that said 'Registry' - cool!  Valarie happened to be sitting there and was extremely helpful.  She printed out the registry I was looking for and even helped me find the items I chose to purchase.  (Hopefully my friend Melanie will not read this before Sunday, but I bought the cutest little baby bathtub, some towels, and a rubber duckie toy!) - just had to share!I picked up a card and checked out and then wrapped what I could (the bathtub was too big but I wrapped the other gifts) at the free 'wrapping station' set up in the store.  I was in and out in less than a 1/2 hour!Now next time I will not dread baby shopping, and perhaps I'll even look forward to spending more time in there looking at every baby item imaginable!
4	I do not have any children but have shopped here for baby shower gifts several times over the years. Most recently I went this Saturday to get a gift for my girlfriend who is having her 2nd child, a girl this time. The registry print out machine wasn't working so the sweet lady working there printed it out for me. They make things easy to find by listing the aisle # next to the item. I got her these adorable monkey receiving blankets, a soft pink daisy blanket & a pack n play set in pink of course. My mom is someone who loves wrapping gifts so she wrapped them for me at their complimentary gift wrapping station. I could easily spend hours in this store, can you say baby fever?! I can't wait to be able to shop here for my lil one :)
3	Its a large baby store. Many choices and could spend too much time in this store deciding. I think the downfall to me, sometimes when looking for something for instance, sun block, it could distributed in several places in the store. I look in one spot, not realizing there could be another spot in the store to which the item is stocked! The customer service in the store is good. Standing in line at the cashier is common, but usually someone notices and comes to cover another register!
4	I registered at both the combo Toys R Us/Babies R Us store by my house (on Bell Rd) and finished up at this location, since it had a larger variety.Nice goody bag, ample selection of items. Furniture prices are over inflated, but that seems typical for all baby furniture. You get lots of coupons too once you sign up for their rewards program which come in really handy!There are changing tables in the restrooms as well as fantastic mother's rooms..which have a rocker, sofa, and changing tables, as well as wipes, diapers, etc. Great for breastfeeding discreetly!
4	Came here to pick up a pack and play for the new granddaughter when she comes over for a visit. This place is huge! Mayo & Scottsdale is a lot larger than the others. It's like a Home Depot for babies! Great selection of stuff and decent prices. I'm sure I'll be back again and again. Tee Hee!
1	I've been in this store twice now. The first time was to buy a rocking chair for my nursery. We waited about 30 minutes for the one person working in the furniture area to assist us. It then took another 15 min for someone to bring up the item so we could leave. Taking 10 minutes to pick something out and then waiting another 45 to leave the building seems a bit ridiculous. Even checking out was delayed because of only one person working the checkout.Today, we waited about 20 min to try and purchase a chest of drawers. After waiting, we were informed that the item that said 'in stock' was not in fact 'in stock.'If I ever need to purchase anything from this store in the future, I will do it online. Apparently they do not hire enough staff to accommodate their customers.
1	No one here knows anything. Friend registered here and just had the worst experiences ever. Crib arrived broken and had to be reordered. Everything she registered for wasn't in stock and every employee doesn't know anything cause they disappear to find one that does. Every time I'm with her it's so frustrating. I would never Come back.
5	Have been to this store a lot in my 9months of pregnancy. Love that is clean and stocked well. I go there a lot of times for the clearance racks because its stocked very well and I can find really good deals. Staff is very nice and helpful.
4	My husband and I went here to create our baby shower registery a few months back and were pleasantly suprised by how easy they make it for you. The woman at the desk was very friendly and helpful. This is our first child so we had no idea what we were doing! After being signed up, we were provided with a scanner, a map of the store and a checklist for must have items. The store is set up in lettered sections which makes it easy to find what you're looking for in such a large store. There is always a staff member around the corner that is eager to answer any questions you may have. They also made it very easy to return things that we received, even without a receipt! They just loaded the value onto a gift card. Also, if you make your registry here... after your shower they will give you 15% off everything that is still on your registry!  They also have a great rewards program and you get coupons printed on your receipt every time you shop here!The reason I give 4 stars is because they are a little pricey...
1	While the selection is decent in the store for a one stop shop of baby gear the service is mediocre at best. Every time I have been in the store my receipt has been inaccurate and takes an extreme amount of time to correct it. An the associates are always very defensive and short when you inquire on pricing. Also note that online prices vary from store prices so you must ask for a price match (which they also won't be happy to give you). Glad my registry is complete so I can find a better store to support.
4	Nice staff.  It seems like things at these stores are a little pricer than target or wally world but never had a problem with any of it.
4	Great selection, good prices, friendly serivce.
1	This location is decent...there is one staff member that works here who is why I hate coming. She is seemingly nice but very incompetent & even slower...she told me when I first visited the pumps could be returned ($200 error) and then on each visit since she either wanders around following me asking if I need help or when I actually need help she can't help because she forgot her password for the system and thinks it's funny that I have to stand there with a screaming baby while she resets it...clueless.  The lines here are also painful. For parents...A fast line is critical!!!Get faster staff please
5	Babies R US the Baby Superstore  Just saw me go here's Mr. 305 robie the robot of course I'm good for the healthy a Mr. PITBULL in a shiny brand new soups Bentley this year makes and models. Store runs plus distributions goods
