3	You can be thrown off by the staff, no one here was speaking French.   Very casual low-key joint - full bar which is nice for a neighborhood spot,  the staff is friendly and eager to please- too eager actually.   Prices, very reasonable.We had to try a catfish po' boy, it was mediocre, fries were decent - and we made the mistake of ordering a non-theme - crispy chicken salad which was nothing to write yelp about.  For dessert we tried the beignets.  They were a definite should miss  - aura of refrigerator which is a  pet peeve of mine.   Cafe' Du Monde where are you when I need you? When we left I saw the shrimp plate -nice sized, fresh and they smelled fantastic.  I think we might have ordered wrong.  It's worth a second try, might pop in one night for a cocktail, shrimp and a side of Jambolaya.  The table next to us were sucking crawfish with a vengeance and they really seemed to be enjoying it.
1	I should have walked out right after I walked in.  My gut was telling me to leave, but I didn't.... I stuck it out.  Big mistake.We were the only ones in there at 1pm on a Saturday.. bad sign #1.  I ordered the 1lb of boiled shrimp, "Original" style with rice.  I didn't realize "Original" meant "no flavor and way overcooked".  They were so overcooked they were hard to peel and were served with a chipotle mayonnaise!!  Gross!  The rice was literally Asian rice, with a sprinkle of  "cajun seasoning" on top that tasted exactly like a bowl  of white Asian rice.My partner had a Jambalaya thing, thickened with corn-starch and had overcooked shrimps as well.  I would highly recommend avoiding this place.
1	East meets southwest Louisiana and it was a trainwreck!!!  I read another review on another website that gave this restaurant a glowing recommendation.  Nothing could be further off than that. I came in because I'm from southwest Louisiana and love good spicy crawfish.  What I got was a BIG disappointment. I ordered two pounds of this and when it came out I noticed that instead of being big (like the other review said) they were about the size of my pinky. Then the second disappointment:  I ordered them EXTRA SPICY and they tasted like they had been boiled in day old bathwater. Oh and the ownership is Vietnamese (NOT that I have a problem with Vietnamese...I just don't expect them to know how to cook Cajun and my concerns were validated by the poor excuse for Cajun food that they served!). I love Thai food and I love Vietnamese food...the fact remains that I came to eat Cajun and got slop instead.  I complained that the crawfish weren't spicy at all and the waiter just shrugged his shoulders.  $45.00 later my wife and I left and went to another restaurant to eat because the food we ate there wasn't enough to make up for an appetizer at a REAL restaurant. I was totally put off by this restaurant and will NOT fall for fake posts by obvious POSERS who know nothing about the restaurant or the food they serve. Don't make the mistake I made.  I am totally ticked that I wasted my time, my Saturday night, and my money on this poor excuse for a restaurant.NEWSFLASH:  A day after eating here I got the worst case of FOOD POISONING that I ever had.  I am sure it was bad crawfish. Some of them tasted rotten. I almost had to go to the hospital and had to take two days off from work to recover!
4	No, it's probably not authentic Cajun food.  Who cares?  It's Arizona.  The important thing is that the food is great.  I have had many items off the menu, from the po' boys to the quail, and it has all been delicious - and nicely priced.Occasionally there were times when things were slow or confused when they first opened, but the kinks seem to have been ironed out.  The owners and the wait staff are all friendly, and even greet you by name if you're a regular.Not to mention I have a bit of a (non-creepy) crush on the waitress.  Just mentioning this to see if she turns red the next time I come in! :)  All-in-all, a friendly place with good food.  I'm glad to see they've stayed open, and hope that things only get better for them.
1	I ordered the Jambalaya. Not good, nope, not good at all. It really did seem like it was thickened with corn starch because it had that slightly gummy look. While it could have been something else completely, it was nonetheless odd to see Jambalaya that had that consistency. The taste was just not flavorful, especially for the price. When I went, it was lunch time on a weekday and there wasn't any patrons in the restaurant. Throughout the entire meal, only one other couple came to eat. Many times while eating it I thought to myself that my Jambalaya recipe I've made at home was better. When I think to myself I can make something better at home, that's not a good sign, because I'm more of a recipe follower than fly-by-the-seat-of-you-pants cook.
3	Had a coupon, decided to give it a try.First impressions- small, not surprising given its location in a strip mall. The decor is a little cheesy, the space taken up by nautical motif could be used to un-cramp the seating. I was surprised by the use of sturdy granite table tops as I was expecting a basic melamine covered MDF. The floors and tables were nice and clean, and the air not odiferous - a feat for a small place.When we sat down there were only a couple other diners, but by the time we got our appetizers the place had filled and a New Orleans style jazz band had started playing. This was a pleasant surprise as we believed we would spend our meal having to listen to the drone of sports casters from the wall mounted plasmas.As a bonus, the band was pretty good. If you are hearing sensitive though you'll need earplugs - the place *is* small.Ok on to the food. Much lower pricing than I anticipated, but the portions reflect the pricing. The watchword for the bulk of the menu items is - fried. That said, nothing we ate was greasy.Appetizers - crab cakes, Cajun wings, fried zucchini. All of acceptable quality, not greasy, salty, or embellished with unnecessary spices or sauce.Sides - "Cajun" fries, red potatoes, corn on the cob, red beans & rice. The fries were obviously the frozen-out-of-a-bag sprayed-with-batter-to-make-crunchy variety. Meh. The corn on the cob was also meh.The red beans & rice was a soup. Not what I was expecting at all. Other times I've ordered this dish I usually get something resembling a risotto. This was watery with beans, rice, green peppers, 3 small pieces of sausage, and green stuff which may have been okra. Not very flavorful, but it had an after bite and the more you ate the spicier it got. Needs improvement.Mains - double crunch chicken, battered cod, breaded catfish, breaded popcorn shrimp. None of it was bad tasting, but none of it wowed either. Bland, which is probably targeting the older clientele which appeared to make up most of the crowd. I was told that you can have the spice factor turned up if you desire. Just remember the starting spice level for this place is bland. Not that the food was tasteless, it was just bland.Dessert - Bananas Foster bites, this was surprising. Little deep fried nuggets of banana/rum compound served atop vanilla ice cream covered in whipped cream and drizzles with chocolate. NOT Bananas Foster - but *really* tasty in it's own right. The bowl was left quite clean.Overall not bad. Fairly inexpensive. Good polite service. We'll very likely be back to try it again.
2	I passed this place on my way home today...and forgot I had eaten there when hubby and I first moved to this area of Mesa.I remembered I never wrote about it on yelp. Hah! Good thing I remembered to now.It was all right. They seemed to be out of practically anything we asked about..right down to the french fries. I didn't know what to make of it.Portions were ok. Hubby got the jambalaya. Not good. I'm surprised they've managed to stay open. It's been so dead when I've passed - lunch, dinner and late into the night.There is something about that place that lacks in originality and flavor. I'm not a big fan of Creole food, but I kept thinking that this wasn't the place to get an authentic plate of it.I'd pass and find another seafood restaurant...I know there's a Red Lobster on Alma School. Yea, I went there and threw Cajun Seafood Corner under the bus. They deserved it.
2	Came here on a recomendation. Food isn't bad unless you are expecting authentic Cajun food. Jambalaya had a layer of oil floating, the fried catfish was overcooked and thin.  Overall disappointing. Reminds me a little of the tryouts on American Idol where the people think they can sing but they can't.  Don't get me wrong, the food is ok, but this is hardly fresh and authentic.
5	I highly recommend this place for the clams and the cajun fettucini. Yummy!!! They have good happy hour also.
3	Have been to here twice now. The name of the restaurant kind of explains it. This is a great, last minute decision kind of place. When you are looking for a quick, fried food or fish fix. A small corner place in a strip mall. It offers a variety of fried foods, seafood and Cajun. They have a pretty good appetizer menu at pretty good prices. Also selection of fish baskets and various fried foods. Have not made it to any of the pasta dishes, probably never will. This is a last minute type of place when you are needing a fix of fried fish type of food... Last visit, the wife and I stopped by for quick appetizer and drink. We ordered the Crab Cakes and Andouille Sausage. Enjoyed both, especially the sausage. It came with a dipping sauce that matched the sausage perfect. Then had a fish basket with catfish which was well breaded and cooked. Also had a cup of Gumbo, which was NOT the best. A lump of rice in a broth with a few pieces of chicken. I have had the Jambalaya prior and it tasted better. Now I know that I can find better fried fish and similar other places, but this is restaurant is in a good location for us. A great place for to satisfy a craving...
2	I am on the hunt for oysters, any way, any style.  I get odd cravings for iron (I'd say "blood" but that would be instant freak status... oh crap)... so I hunt for oysters or liver (I am the only person my age who eats this as far as I can tell... freak x 2).Deep fried oyster platter with fries, got 7 oysters and it was ok.  The meh rating is for the all other, rice & beans and the etouffee.  I'd only came back if I'm craving oysters in the area...
4	I have been on the hunt for craw fish to satisfy my bfs craving for a while now. I know in AZ its slim pickings since we're hundreds of miles from any large body of water, but we finally found a place. Now it can't compare to Crab Hut (see previous reviews) and I admit I didn't have high expectations but we were really surprised. We barely made it before the kitchen closed and since we had never been there before we decided to just order a pound of craw fish ($9 a lb) and a pound of shrimp ($12 a lb?), head off, with their whole shebang seasoning, which is basically an everything seasoning with a kick. When our orders came, I was surprised by the size of the craw fish. I'm no expert, and I have no idea how big they're supposed to be, but these were definitely bigger than the ones at Crab Hut. My bf wanted to dig in as soon as the plate hit the table. My shrimp dish came with two slices of buttered bread/toast which i used to soak up all the spicy soup my shrimp were drowning in. Everything was really good and cooked perfectly, just enough flavor and spice to balance it out. Since were were only there for about 15 minutes I can't really elaborate on anything else but I will update soon because were are for sure coming back to get the "bucket" which is filled with pretty much everything they have to offer; shrimp, craw fish, frog legs, alligator, etc. We also left a generous tip since they kept the kitchen open for us.
4	Do NOT let the weird bubble letter sign & strip mall location throw you off!I have been driving past the Cajun Seafood Corner for 2-3 years.   Secretly wanting try it... but terrified of the sign on the building.   It seems a bit silly, but consider the odds against me:   We live in a desert.  It is in a strip mall.  the letters are RED, BLUE, AND BUBBLY.   - they want me to eat seafood here?  Are they crazy?  Yes, yes they are!One lovely Sat. afternoon, my husband and his best friend talked me into trying it.   Massively anxious, I pull open the "mall front" door to reveal a little gem of delicious goodness.  The decor is basic and appropriate for the small restaurant.  Corgated metal panels and faux rock add a bit of interest over the yellow-orange-ish painted walls.   Fishing net, license plates, masks, and mardi-gras beads are plastered haphazardly about the place.    The majority of seating is four tops (easily pushed together for larger parties).  Additional seating for about 6-8ppl at the small  bar.   The BEST thing about The Cajun Seafood Corner - The FOOD!   Bonus: It is reasonably priced seafood!    So far, I have tried the oysters.  I'm not a huge "oyster lover" but they were good and no complaints from either of the fellas.   The husband - ordered a alligator po'boy.  He must have enjoyed it because he has ordered it twice on return trips. The husband's best friend - had the etouffee.  I stole a bite and it was really good.  I have since ordered it on a return trip.   It was fabulous but I did taste it again a few hours later.  I think that I may have a problem with ochra.  I can't eat cucumbers either, they do the same thing to me.  burbing...so strange. My selection - was the steamed clams.  I ordered them spicy and they were amazing!  The bowl was heaping full and it was impossible for me to finish the whole plate.  So tasty!     My next trip back (and there will be a next time) is for the crawfish.  + oh and before I forget.  They have a hurricane on special for happy hour.  Yumm!  After reading a few of the reviews below, I am happy to have waited a few years before visiting The Corner.  They have definitely worked out any new restaurant kinks that they might have been experiencing.   Looking forward to that plate of crawfish soon!
1	If you really are a experience foodie whom loves seafood, you are going to hate this place. I went with my Mom and Husband and we ordered the fried Alligator to start. It wasnt bad  with the first bite but the longer it sat it turned into some weird texture. We love the Fried Alligator at Pappadeaux and was excited to have a restaurant closer to our homes that serves it. It looked different, taste different and really made us wonder what we were eating.For our Main dishes, I ordered the boiled shrimp, hubby had catfish, and mom the Etoufee. My shirmp looked good when they came, however when I went to eat them i noticed that there were not cleaned. You can see a clear sign of both veins in the top and bottom of the shirmp. Mind you I am a seafood junkie and I have had shrimp in Hawaii from a truck and prepared the same way and were cleaned. I told the manager about this and he said that they don't clean their shrimp nor did they have too. I sent them back and did not order anything else. My mom's Etouffee looked like a can of Cream of Chicken soup an jiggled like Jello. Matter of fact it was the exact color of Cream of Chicken soup. If you have never had Etouffee this might fly. However, I have had my first experience with Cajun Cusine in New Orleans, LA and none of this looked or tasted like Cajun cusine. Now to my husbands Catfish?? I really don't believe it was Catfish. It was shaped like Chicken Breast and the texture was totally different. Needless to say, I am a extreme foodie who dines out at least 4x a week or more. I love Cajun food and was so excited to have a place closer to my house than my favorite in  West Phoenix, Pappadeaux's.However, besides this food not tasting good, it is a disgrace to everything that relates to Cajun Cuisine. We gladly left while not to mention the Manager, Bar Tender, and waitress all decided to go for a smoke break in the front of the restaurant while patrons were still eating. We said goodbye and never returned again.
4	On a whim, a friend and I decided to try the food there earlier this week and we were NOT disappointed.  In fact, I just had lunch there again today.The Seafood Gumbo was pretty tasty, considering that I'm more of a Chicken and Sausage guy when it comes to Gumbo.  It had the kind of slow, Cajun heat to it that I have come to expect from good Gumbo.For lunch today, I had the Crispy Chicken Po'Boy and really enjoyed it.  In addition to a really good sandwich, the plate included an abundance of fries that I couldn't have polished off even if I'd tried.  The po'boy had just enough spicy to remind you that you were eating at a Cajun place without overpowering the rest of the ingredients.  The fries were cooked to perfection and dusted with a Creole seasoning.  I will definitely be eating that sandwich again!I think it's worth mentioning that the place has been under new ownership for about a year, so I'm not sure I'd pay any attention to the reviews before November of '09.  I'm hoping the owners save up the money to replace the sign on the building, because I agree with many of the reviewers in that respect - it looks more like it belongs on a daycare than a serious restaurant.
4	Had the fried Cajun quail for a starter. Yum! Then Cajun seafood fried rice. My wife had seafood etoufette. We loved them both.
4	Decent Prices.......... Decent Food... Worth the trip once a month or so.. Not an every day spot.. Had the Chicken Po'Boy and it was pretty good.. French fries are really good, better than most places..
2	I returned a week or so after this, and was disappointed. Service was a lot quicker, and after getting back to work, i noticed why when i opened the order.. (Take Out)1. The previous Fries had a decent batter type fries, where this time it was just regular fries with A LOT of season Salt added.. Too much in some areas and a little in others....2. Po'boy, thinking it was good last time, and try again,, This time a lil undercooked, and batter inside wasn't done.. :-(I may go back but it will be maybe 6 months to a year, maybe a new crew?, not worth the risk of consistency..
4	We finally got around to trying this place a couple of days ago. Good stuff. It is a very casual, low-key place. The server was super friendly and quick. We ordered appetizers of fried gator and fried okra. The okra was okay, the gator was darn good--better than the stuff I tried in New Orleans years back, believe it or not. My wife had jambalaya, my stepson had some sort of seafood rice plate, and I had a grilled chicken poboy. Everything was good, and the prices were reasonable. Go during happy hour and you'll save even more money.I see some negative reviews here on Yelp, but our experience was very good. A nice, low-price alternative to Pappadeaux.
4	I ordered the Catfish PoBoy and Seafood Gumbo this evening for dinner.  I was craving some Creole food tonight and they delivered.  I was in a toss up between the Catfish, Alligator, or Crawdaddy PoBoy but the Catfish was my choice and it was yummy.  The Seafood Gumbo I had a little bit spicy and it was on hit.  It could of used a bit less rice and a bit more Seafood, but thats just my opinion.  All in all very good and I will be back.PoBoy, Gumbo, and Beer about $20
3	The service and atmosphere is good. The food is fair at best. I will still try to support the little guys and will return on occasion.
1	We made our second attempt at this restaurant in three years this week.  I was quickly reminded why we stayed away for so long, especially given that we like to support local businesses.Basically, the food is mediocre at best.  The waitress we had last time needs some lessons (such as, learn about the beers, especially the specialty Cajun ones, don't go to the table every minute asking patrons if they are ready to order if they are still looking at the menu, ask if they want another beer if their beer is empty, refill water glasses), the cook needs to not smoke and walk through the restaurant.  The items that we had we not good.  I can see how it could be a cute little neighborhood bar, and I would probably hang out at the bar to watch sports and drink the very delicious Abita, but I will not return for the food.  From now on, my Cajun fix will be taken care of by my own two hands or a drive out to Baby Kays.  It's a bummer.
2	A disappointment. Chicken finger dinner consisted of two pathetic chicken strips and soggy fries. Bf had the catfish and was not blown away by it. Nothing was that great. we tried this place before and we were no impressed either times. Only decent thing was the okra.  Sorry Cajun Seafood Corner but this just isn't going to work between us.
3	Been here a couple times for the crawfish etouffee. It's pretty good but certainly not the best. This place is worth the stop if you have to have some cajun food but it's certainly nothing to rave about. There's just not enough cajun options in Chandler/Gilbert. I will go back soon to try the po'boys and frog legs and update how those are.
4	A group of 10 of  us who had tried this place a couple of years ago and been disappointed, decided to come back again, as we had heard there was new owners & new cooks.  We are very glad we gave it another shot. We all  sampled almost everything, lol:  the fried alligator, frog legs, okra, oysters,  wings & Andouille sausage  for appetizers, and all enjoyed everything. Their cajun sauce to dip the food was yum too!  For dinner I had the seafood gumbo, and thought it was delicious! The bowl was very big, It had chicken, Andouille sausage,mussels,  shrimp, scallops  & okra in it, all in a very spicy, &  flavorfull  soup, with a scoop of rice in it and a piece of garlic bread too. I was so stuffed I had to take half of it home.   My hubby had the red beans & rice with Andoullie Sausage and side of crispy cajun fries. He said it was all good as well. A friend had the jambalaya, which at first I thought was just Gumbo without the okra in a different dish, but after tasting it, it definitely had a different flavor and was very good as well. I can't say I have eaten a lot of cajun food in my life to compare it to others, but I personally really liked this place and will definitely come back soon.  Also, our waitress Rianna was great, she got our orders perfectly, and was very quick &  attentive, did not have to ask for refills. The prices for food & drink were all very reasonable & affordable too. We hope this place sticks around!
4	I loved it. I'll be back here every chance I get. I had the clams. The portion size was fine and the garlic bread was very good. There are a lot of other menu items I want to try; frog legs, crawfish, catfish.The wait staff was very nice and attentive. Check this place out.
4	We dropped in during happy hour with 1.75 domestics, you can't beat it!  We grabbed a snack.  They have a lot on the menu, so we settled for the deep fried alligator.  Delicious stuff.We then had the cup of Seafood Gumbo and the Seafood Jambalaya.  Both were spicy with a great taste.  I will definitely be coming back to this spot.  I kinda wish we had ordered more. They had Leinenkugel, a Wisconsin brew which was a nice touch.
2	I have always driven by this place and wanted to try it for the longest time as I love Gumbo.  On a slow Sunday afternoon we arrived to an empty restaurant except for a man watching a TV at the bar and a female chatting with him (an older couple who I believe to be the owners).  To be honest from the time we got there up to the time we left I never had that warm fuzzy feeling.  The hostess barely smiled and I felt like I bothered their show on TV.  The food was so so.  The Gumbo was excellent in color and overall taste but the chicken had a just tossed in and dry texture to them.  And there was a LOT of chicken, it was hard to find the sausage and seafood.  They should just call it Chicken Gumbo.I got the sampler platter and was not impressed with the catfish.  It was thin and looked frozen deep fried, not fresh.  The chicken was the same as far as looking frozen cooked.  The Adoulie sausage was excellent as was the calamari.  With the alligator I tasted more breading then I did meat.  The frog legs were large and tasted good.  The variety of four sauces were extremely tasty.  I recommend this plate to be split with another person.  I give the platter a 3 of 5 stars and the service a 1 of 5 stars.  This resulted my 2 of 5 star rating.
3	I am a great fan of Cajun Food for a very good reason.   I have to start by saying the food was tasty!  I've eaten here at Cajun Seafood Corner before. I didn't remember the details of that visit but when I walked in today, a familiar feeling came across.   When I walked in, I felt like I was intruding. I sat at the bar and was going to order food to go but decided to eat boiled crawfish there instead. I would have gone sit at a table when my food came but the server insisted that I sit at a table then and held my drink until I did so. The TV was on so I thought I'd just sit there until I got food but to get my drink, I had to move. So I did.    A gentleman walked in at the same time I did and he didn't get any warmer welcome than I did. A couple came in, sat at the bar and had a drink. They mentioned they might eat and they got the same "you'll have to sit at a table" greeting that I did. They had their drinks at the bar and left.   The food came quickly. The boiled crawfish was really good. One pound for 9.95 which is standard for this area. I ordered Blackened Catfish to go. When I decided to eat there and asked that it be served to eat here, I felt I had put them out.   The Catfish was really good! Although for 11.95, the fish was only about 4x2 inches in size, it was awesome and their tartar sauce was the best I've tasted since I left Louisiana.    I chose the Red Beans and Rice as the side. It came as more of a red bean soup. It did have a good flavor but the texture wasn't right for this dish.   I paid the check, left the tip, and noticed that the man who walked in when I did ate his food, drank his beer and left just as fast as the couple when they finished their drinks....and so did I.   The food was good in flavor, the place nicely Louisiana decorated...but not much of that warm, fuzzy, "we're glad you're here" attitude.
2	We were craving po boys and found this place online. We were both on our computers looking at the menu and realized they have a few different websites that each have different menus. Everything sounded so good! We saw that they do carry out so placed an order for 2 popcorn shrimp po boys, with 2 sides of ranch (for the fries duh) and an order of calamari, 10 minutes. Cool! My better half went to pick up the food and when he came back it smelled really good. I opened the calamari and saw that they forgot to put the sauce to dip the calamari in, not good. The two ranches were in there instead (they charge 50 cents extra per ranch, not good).  The calamari itself was not very good, it was kind of plain it may have been better if the dipping sauce was good (if they could remember to put it in).I opened my shrimp po boy. The fries were pretty good I think they were actually the best tasting part of the entire meal. The sandwitch itself was pre-cut in half, I took a bite, then another, all I was tasting was bread, lettuce, onion, tartar sauce, and pickles. I opened up the sandwitch half....two tiny shrimp about the size of nickles....really?! TWO FREAKING SHRIMP!? Come on people! I opened the other half and there were 5 small shrimp, so I put the two from the other half on there. It didn't taste very good. There was too much tartar and it was weird that it had pickles.I wouldn't get the popcorn shrimp po boy or calamari again from there. I might be willing to give the gumbo or jambalaya a try in the future, maybe we just ordered the wrong thing?
4	Love this place, good food, good prices.  Whenever I take someone there I always order the Cajun alligator without them knowing, just to see how they react without knowing what it is.  So far there is a 90% approval rating on it. Everything I have tried there has been good, don't let the outside fool you, this place is much better inside than out!
1	Is there a 0 star rating?!!?! The place is small and pretty badly decorated- looks like Mardi Gras gone bad. However, we put up with it and sat down. The restaurant was deathly quiet. A waitress came and sat us down. we asked for a high chair and the waitress brought a booster seat for my infant. When i said that it wouldnt work for my baby, the grumpy waitress rolled her eyes and sighed. I already felt horrid,hungry, and annoyed and now this disgusting waitress had ruined my whole family's attitude. Still, we put up with her crabby retorts. My 1 year old got off of my lap and stood obediently next to my chair and the waitress returned to our table with water. "Oh, no. Uh uh. She (the baby) has to stay in your lap or in the high chair, not running around!" she snarled. At this point, i was starting to believe witches exist. "What?" i asked. "She wasnt running around." the waitress stomped off without a reply. I decided that i was not going to stand this nut for another second! When she returned, i got up and told her that she needed to mind her attitude. I also added that yelling at an infant was not going to solve any problems. I mean seriously, who does that?!? And the worst part was her response. "i mean, we get busy sometimes! We cant have her running around everywhere!" "there is no one here!!!" i said, thrusting my arms around to show how empty it was. At about that time, the crickets started chirping. "well it keeps changing!" she screeched. "What needs to change is your attitude!" i said. She rolled her eyes again! I mean, seriously?!? And with that, we stormed out. And i am happy we did. All in all, i still want to punch that weirdo in the face, but hey, i have better things to do than to go back to that tiny, stinky restaurant.
3	I live in the area and love to support our local small businesses.  A few years ago we decided we would drop in and see what the Cajun Seafood Corner was all about.  The owner(s) was an Vietnamese couple and they were always so welcoming and friendly.  The food was good...I always get the Catfish Po' Boy with fries; has just enough spice and kick.  Within a year the couple who we cherished decided to sell the business.  Mind you this place had become our new spot, it was close, great happy hour,  good food, and wonderful service.  We would come in at least 4 to 5 times a month and usually with a new set of people-we loved it so much we wanted to tell everyone about this place.  After the new couple took over it went down hill....the service is quite mundane.  They're not rude but they're not nice.  We stopped going in because it really felt like our business was not appreciated.    There use to be many flat screens, so you could watch any game that may be playing...they've taken ALL T.V's down so now it's an awkward quietness with a faint sound of soft rock playing.  Give it a try...maybe I am just biased because I miss the old owners.
4	We've been here twice in the last month. Last dinner out with my Dad on Father's day before he passed away in July.Food is excellent. We've had almost everything on the menu. Always very light flavorful breading and crisp. Portions are large. We tend to split a side of okra and or onion rings, a large basket is plenty to share. Side of red beans and rice enough for a meal. Service has been good. One server very efficient. She stays on top of the details. Refills drinks often, remembers customer details, special requests. Never felt like I had to flag her down.We've always eat in. Being a fan of cooking, and having worked in many restaurants, I would never expect take out not to get doggy when fried.The most reasonable price food around.The only negative is that they charge for every little side, sauce, bread, etc. be sure to say no if you don't want it.Looking forward to going back to try the few entrees we've not had yet.
4	There are not many Cajun places in the Valley...so thankfully we have Cajun Seafood Corner.  They have the usual (made with care) offerings, Shrimp Etoufee, Jambalaya, Frog Legs, Oysters (fried or on the half shell)- 11.95 for a dozen oysters! Great value.  I usually get the Sauteed Alligator (Very Good- It has this cream sauce on the side, a little spice, cilantro...I use a spoon to lap it up!) and the Oyster Poboy.Now...let's talk about the drink specials...Happy Hour (2pm-7pm): Domestics - 1.75;  Shots - 1.75; Seasonal Brews 2.50.This place isn't "lay your white napkin on your lap" - proper...so keep that in mind. It is, however, chill, down-home cooking in a VERY relaxed atmosphere.
4	My fiance and I visited this place after I lived in Southeast Texas for nearly a year. I kept bothering him for "crawfish".I called before we went there to find out they weren't serving live/fresh (but that's okay because I know they're not in season).TO SUM IT UP... SERVICE=GREAT, FOOD=GREAT, PRICE=REASONABLE.The owner told me their busieist night is Mardi Gras and during crawfish season, which is normally Feb.-Jun., they overnight fresh crawfish in from Louisiana.We also had happy hour andouille sausage and seafood gumbo.Delicious and highly recommend to any one looking for their cajun fix in Mesa.
5	Last night was Ethnic Dinner night with my friend. We decided to try out this restaurant after I checked out the reviews on Yelp. Usually I'm a little wary of any restaurants with 3-stars or less. This time, I'm thrilled that we went here in spite of the 3-star average as it was fabulous!The decor is cute... fishing nets with Christmas decorations, etc. It reminded me of a little dive bar in Rocky Point that I visit whenever I'm down there. Our waiter was excellent, knowledgeable and patient as we asked loads of questions about different things on the menu. In the end, I couldn't decide between the crayfish po-boy and the alligator po-boy as I haven't had either meat before last night. I told the waiter to pick for me and he suggested alligator so alligator it was!The alligator was amazing. I'm not sure if I can say it was cooked properly or not because I'm not sure how it is supposed to be cooked, but I can say the flavor of the meat was enhanced by the delicious seasoning it was cooked in. I only had one chewy/tough piece, but the rest was melt-in-my-mouth tender. The fries that came with the sandwich were also deliciously seasoned.My friend got a grilled chicken salad with a side cup of the gumbo which the waiter highly recommended. Based on the fact that nothing was left on the plate or in the bowl, I'm going to say it was really tasty. I'm looking forward to going back and trying the crayfish po-boy, the gumbo, the jambalaya, on and on. Their menu looks fantastic and I can't wait to try out more exotic items.
5	I ate at this restaurant yesterday for lunch and it was wonderful! We had the jumbalaya and the seafood gumbo. Both were excellent. We found this place with the coupon in the clipper and for 20$ with tip we had an excellent, healthy, and delicious meal. They also had lunch specials which we didn't get a chance to try but there were only $6.00. I highly recommend this place. Don't let the outside shy you away either. When we pulled up we were a little skeptical, but we were pleasantly surprised.
4	Good Gumbo. Good deal on clams. Love the sauteed alligator. Good happy hours
4	I walked in and was greeted.  Now its a corner cafe in a strip maul next to a grocery store, so I was not expecting the best food ever.  The couple that were in there were very nice to everyone. The food was pretty good but over all it was a little bland. Now the reasoning behind this I believe is because the area is well known to have a lot of seniors in the area and it is much easier to add flavor then remove it.  Now they do have hot sauce and seasoning right on the table so I was able to flavor my food to taste pretty easily.  For $20 I got a Tall Whisky and Coke, large sausage, a bowl of  seafood gumbo and a cup of red beans and rice. I was quite full.  One thing I like to point out is that I am a large man, and there are many restaurant  that are just not  friendly to larger individuals.  This was certainly not the case here. Plenty of table space, sturdy chairs, easily accessible for both large people and folks in wheel chairs.
2	I went here for lunch, and while not that good, it was alright. I had a catfish po-boy with sweet potato fries and a side of andouille sausage. The sausage and fries were frozen products, but the po-boy was quite good. 2-3 star meal, max.Later I came for dinner with a group and was let down. We got a large bowl of seafood gumbo (bland and OLD rubbery seafood), multiple side dishes (all of which were either store bought products or poorly made), and their 5 pound crawfish boil special. They were advertised as Live Crawfish outside. I highly doubt that. They didn't even taste fresh, and were the smallest and least meaty crawfish I've ever had. For a 5 pound pot of crawfish, there was only 1 sausage link cut up in it, and even worse only 1 corn cob cut up. Easily the worst cajun boil I've seen. They tried everything they possibly could to cut corners and cut costs across everything they served. 1 star meal.Avoid this place. If you really love cajun food and just have to try it, go at lunch.
4	My favorite menu item here:  Seafood GumboBoth my daughters' favorite:  Fried AlligatorWhenever I'm craving Canine fare, I head straight here.Bring cash and let them know you're paying in cash before you order. That will get you a small discount.
4	Small restaurant with 5-6 chair bar, quaint but nice atmosphere reminding me of NOLA. I use to drive across the bay in Biloxi to D'Iberville and eat them great tasting po boys.Had their lunch catfish po boy, fries and the fixins with ice tea. Can't complain, probably the best po boy I've had since moving to the Phoenix area 10-years ago. Definitely plan to return and try more of their Cajun dishes. Recommend giving this place a try.
4	I found this place a couple of months ago.     Its appearance from the outside is not appealing.    But when you go inside it is well done and quite appealing.    I find the food very good [crawfish etoufee, red beans and rice, especially].      The # of Cajun restaurants in Phoenix are limited but this is  one of the better that I have found.         I have eaten lots of Cajun food in New Orleans and the deep south.    I find the Cajun Seafood Corner to compete well with the deep south.     I like the way the food is seasoned.      I understand the owners are not from the deep south but they surely have captured the taste.          I recommend you stop by and try.       Hear their bread pudding is great.      Must try next time I go.    Just too full today.       Put on your next place to have good food.
4	Sad to say this place is now closed.
