4	My refrigerator stopped running and I was able to narrow it down to what I'd hoped was the culprit. I showed up 5 minutes before closing on Sunday and the guy tested my existing part to confirm that it was indeed broken. The guy gave me a little advice about wiring and off I went. Got home, put my new part in and my refrigerator works again. I'm a champ!Could there be better appliance part stores in town? Maybe but I've never been to one. This particular location is open 7 days a week and you can't go wrong with that. So 4 stars for them being open daily and for the guy actually knowing something about the parts he was selling unlike at some other places.Thanks!
5	These guys are awesome.  I am a property manager and every time I go in, I learn something new.  The staff behind the counter explains everything you need to know for a do it yourselfer.  They don't do the repairs themselves, but the people they have referred me to have saved me hundreds.Thanks! ~happy customer
5	Couldn't be happier! Great washers and dryers & such, but even better looking men (; Plus the boss has such nice skin, I wonder where he gets his facials?
5	Yesterday, just before 1 PM when most appliance parts stores close on Saturday, the belt on my dryer broke!  I called Sears, where they had it for what I knew to be THREE TIMES what I knew it should cost.  No thanks!Calling around some more, I finally got referred to these guys as a place that would be open 'til 4.  Amazing!I whipped over here & found my belt in stock, priced right, & the counter guy totally friendly & helpful.  We're at 5 Stars already.     :-))Back home to install the belt, I decided that the idler pulley should be replaced as well.  No problem, as my counter rep had advised me that they were open again today, SUNDAY from 10 to 2.  MORE AMAZING!!SO I whipped back over here today I again found my needed part to be immediately available at a reasonable price.  The counter guy I got this time was also friendly & helpful with installation info.I think this store is TERRIFIC!     :-))
5	Great parts store.  I needed a set of wheel posts for an old GE dishwasher (talk about obscure), and they had them in stock.   Helpful guys at the desk.  5 stars, will use again!
5	Terrific customer service and selection here. If you need parts for appliances of any kind I highly recommend this company. Mike H was super helpful & informative.
