3	This is your typical nice American restaurant.  They have sandwiches and entrees like steak and pasta.  The food is ok, and can be good, but it's been hit or miss for me and the prices are a little high.  I have always really enjoyed their Iceburg Wedge Salad.  In my quest to find the best chicken salad in town, I rate their's as ok, but certainly not in the running for the best.  My boyfriend likes the Southwestern Ravoili.  In prefer Harper's for this kind of food.
5	I have eaten twice at Red Rocks and both times were fantastic.  The outdoor cafe is located in the heart Strawberry Hill.  There is street parking as well as Valet parking.  There is a Little know parking deck in the block behind the cafe so no need to pay a valet, he is going to park your car there anyway.The atmosphere is very laid back.  We went as a group.  The client tell is made up of a lot of locals on dates and the last time there we were graced by the presence of Daryl Waltrip and his entourage.  It was a nice evening and no it was not a madhouse.  Just business as usual.Both nights I had the Fletwood's Sesame Tuna cooked rare.  an 8oz. sesame seared yellow fin tuna over wild rice risotto with asparagus finished with a ginger teriyaki broth.  Magnificent!The drinks have a good amount of alcohol in them, the wine selection is very good and they have a very good selection of beer.The only thing I would change are the outdoor chairs.  They need to be a little wider.  The wait staff are very nice and friendly.  Both our servers talked with us for a good amount of time between customers.There are plenty of seats inside.  The bar area is designed for people to stand and talk as well as sit and eat.  Great transition between the cafe, bar area and main restaurant.Not much I would change here.  If you are in the area check it out.  You feel like you are on a real main street.  And of course there are plenty of beautiful women to keep the conversation going.  I love the south!
4	Stylish place with a very large and interesting menu. The good was very good. My dish was a calamari app which was different than most, strips with a nicely seasoned breading, fried greaselessly, and served with a very nice marinara.  Common bar fare very well executed.My entree was copper river salmon, very nicely seasoned and cooked as requested to medium rare. A very generous fillet, clearly very fresh, and needing very little adornment. It was served with an interesting rice dish -  a sort of Mexican rice that was very sweet (almost dessert-like) yet also very spicy. Different, but it worked.Wish they had a better beer selection as they just have crap on tap and the usual generic stuff in bottles. But all in all a very nice stop, and the menu is vast. Hopefully they do it all well. I will go back to try more.
4	Great quality...great service. (sounds like a car commercial). Yuppie preppie clean-cut golf-dude central.Very polished, some dishes better than others, but most were pretty tasty.No seriously, the food is good here, but I felt like I made it a little dirty just by stepping inside.
3	Typical mediocre American food. Menu covers a lot of bases. Food wasn't bad, but it was nothing exceptional and I would only recommend this place if you lived nearby and didn't want to drive further. Prices were fine - neither high or low. Service was friendly but at times the waiter dissapeared. I think he also forgot about my soup until I reminded him.The she-crab soup was very rich and as another reviewed commented, decadent.We ate at M5 the previous night and I'd go there again and again, but I would not go here again and again.
3	Quality food at a slightly higher price in a low lit restaurant with good charm.  The vibe here is relaxing.  It's the type of place that feels quiet while you're there, yet you feel like you can speak in a normal voice without the booth next to yours being disturbed.  I've had the Kobe burger, crab cakes and the chicken salad sandwich.  The Kobe burger sells for only 10.99 or so, and is well worth the price.  Kobe beef makes for a pretty fantastic fancy-urger.  The crab cakes were pretty good.  Not too dry, but the seasoning and sauces overpowered the meat.  But it's tough to do shellfish right so far from their harvest point, and at the price they sell it at Red Rock.  So the additives probably did a good job to mask a mediocre flavor.The chicken salad sandwich was a chicken salad sandwich.  I probably wouldn't get that again for the 8.99 I paid.  Their beer selection isn't fantastic.  But they do have some good staples.  Yuengling, Guiness, Blue Moon and a light lager of some type fill their taps.  Pretty standard.  I'd probably not eat here if it weren't so close to my home.  But as it is, I've partaken a couple times and felt both times that the food and atmosphere was worth the price.
3	This is a great place for a large group of people with different tastes since  their menu has a good selection of pastas, steaks, seafood and salads.  I thought the prices were fair based on the portion size however, the overall taste was average.
2	2 1/2. Went to Red Rocks Cafe on Christmas Eve.  I had the Chicken Saltimbocca as it was the servers recommendation. The dish was lackluster at best. The angel hair pasta was mushy and the sauce needed flavor. The veggies on the side were beautiful though. The fruit and Chicken Salad plate was well received by the person I was dining with. The fruit was a nice assortment rather than simply melon. Cost was very reasonable. The service wasn't very friendly- I understand it's not fun working holidays but at least smile and wish your tables a Happy Holiday. I'm not sure whether id go back again. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't wonderful.
4	Enjoyed my first and only visit.  Great service, nice food, will return next time I need a good restaurant.  I would say 3.5 and moving up to 4.0 stars at times.
3	When I lived pretty much across the street I would come here more often.  But since I moved I hadn't been in years and the only reason I did go back was so my nephews could have breakfast with Santa before Xmas.I have to say it wasn't too bad.  It was a buffet for like $15 pp and that included a non alcoholic beverage.  Our server was really great and she even offered to take pics of our whole fam for us.  The food was very decent for a buffet, lots of fresh fruit, biscuits, pancakes, eggs.  Santa was a little different then what we've seen elsewhere, my 3 y/o nephew had no issues with him but the 6 y/o was like uh uh, that looks nothing like Santa I don't want to sit on his lap, ouch!!Overall I have never left Red Rocks and thought, wow what an amazing meal, but on the other hand I have also never left and though, ew that was awful.
4	Went here for Restaurant Week.  The she-crab soup was a-mazing!  All the rest of our meal was very good.  The only complaint I would have was about the pork tenderloin - it was a little too "homey" for me.  The atmosphere was nice.  I will definitely go back.
4	I love Red Rocks and I go often. I always have a great meal, and the service is always friendly and prompt. I love the chicken salad, the pasta and you can not beat the Red Velvet cake and the 5 layer chocolate cake. The specials are creative and overall I always leave happy.
1	I have been here several times in the past and have left pleased. Last Saturday night, though - maybe an off night?  I called ahead at 6:00 pm for 6:30 arrival.  Arrived at 6:30 and told there would be a 30 minute wait.  Finally seated 45 minutes later.The waiter apologized for the wait and suggested the service would make it worthwhile.  Then a manager came to apologize about the wait, yet it felt like lip service.  No offer for a free appetizer or anything.  I am not one looking for a handout, and they were busy...but they could have made it a very nice touch, but didn't follow through.We were seated at a table directly in the path to the outdoor seating.  Seemed to be two large parties outdoors, so the doors were constantly opening, and a nice cold breeze would blow in. (It seemed a little cool to sit outside - so not sure how the people were doing it) .  The best was when the server held the door open to allow one of the tables to leave - a chilly breeze blowing across our table for quite a while.Our food was good, though vegetables seemed terribly undercooked.  Service was ok, not stellar.  Definitely not so impressive as to forget the wait.In their defense, it seemed very busy that night, but I left feeling our party was nothing but another set of bodies they could get in and out.  Could have had that experience at Chili's for a lot better price.
3	I have eaten at Red Rocks many times & find the food to be good but the service really can be hit or miss.  I have been on several occasions for dinner meetings, and the wait-staff for special events are normally on top of things. On my last visit, we went in around 8:30 or 9 PM  to have beverages & appetizers. Now, Red Rocks would not normally be my first choice as a place to go just for drinks & appetizers... however, I had friends from out of town staying close by and they really like wine rather than beer or mixed drinks... so this was the closest place to them that offered a decent selection of wines by the glass. Since we had a group of between 8 - 10 people, we told them that we didn't really want to eat dinner, but would like a table so we could order appetizers and drinks. The waiter assigned to our table was apparently not happy that we were not all ordering dinner (but, as it turned out, a couple of people in our party did order full meals).   But,  the service was the worst I have ever seen, and our server even left in the middle of his shift  and handed off our table to another server.  (Thankfully, she was much more gracious and attentive). The appetizers were good -- we had the Artichoke & Crab Dip, Queso Spinach Dip, Buffalo shrimp and the guys ordered the Kobe sliders.  As usual, the quality of the food was good... I just wish the service had been better.
4	Let's just start by saying - This place ROCKS!As I have done in the past I use Yelp, and the Open Table Reservations to make the weekends more enjoyable by placing reservations online more than a week in advance. Our reservations were for 7:15pm and we were promptly seated at 7:15pm.  Our servers name was Ann Marie and she was fantastic.  She provided a few good suggestions for the meals and was very quick to keep our glasses full.I had the Chicken Marsala w/ wild rice and vegetables (I have added a picture), and my wife had the Petite Filet.  Her meal was fantastic as I was able to swipe a piece or two of her steak.  It was perfectly cooked and was very tender.  Kudos to the chef. Mine was even better than the photo.  The chicken was tender, the marsala sauce was perfect, and had just the right blend of mushrooms to bring out the delightful flavors and it even smelled as wonderful.This is definitely on the short list as it was very solid in its food,the staff, and the service.Oh heck, I only gave it four stars, but believe me, it may be worthy of the 5th.I will be back.......and I am hoping it will be as wonderful.I would strongly recommend this place. If you have heard of this place and can't find it, it is because it is behind the Fresh Market off of Providence Road and has only one road into its location, it is not like you will just stumble upon it, you must search it out.Remember to mention Yelp, and you get 10% off your bill.NCFoodGuy
4	I have been a fan of Red Rocks for a long time. The service is always good and the food is consistent and good. My biggest complaint is that the red wine is always served too warm and I finally figured out why. They keep their bottles on top of the bar refrigerators. The heat from refrigerators warms the red wine enough that I usually have to put in an ice cube (not what I want to be doing.) They now have a big beautiful outdoor seating area.
3	If there were a button for 3.5 stars, I'd click it. Red Rocks is good - but an older, somewhat dated Charlotte restaurant. You'll get solid food in a somewhat 'frozen in time' ambiance. It's good to have some 'middle of the road' choices around Charlotte so I'm glad to see RR still on the scene.
4	We have eaten at Red Rocks on several occasions.  We have always had great food and a good dining experience.  Even our kids (ages 9 & 13) like Red Rocks.   Keep up the good work!
4	Just wanted to say Thanks to the Red Rocks staff.  My extended family came in for dinner tonight for a great meal.  The staff was very accomodating, especially since there were 8 of us family members trying to catch up with each other.  Some places get frustrated but not here.  The food was excellent.  I had the she-crab soup--velvety smooth with great texture and creaminess.  The Jambalaya was fantastic as well.  I like the fact that the dish wasn't "dumbed down" like so many places do.  It's cajun and it's supposed to be hot!  There was heat to the dish but flavor came first.  Looking forward to the next visit.
5	Red Rocks is a great restaurant whether you're looking for a really nice dinner or a casual lunch. The food is fresh, so much better than the chains, and at a fair price. Try the pastas dishes, filet mignon, and seafood. They have a huge patio to eat on and the atmosphere inside and out is terrific- upscale without being pretentious. Ask for Ann Marie or Jenny. You will leave happy.
5	Love it!! Atmosphere relaxing with dim lighting, dark wood tones with some bold colors on the walls. We ordered the crab artichoke dip. It was served in a bread bowl with tortilla chips..was full of plenty of crab but not too much artichoke, but very good. Had a bowl of she crab soup and it was also full of crab and very rich, not really for me, but good.I had the wedge salad with filet medallions whic,h was very tasty!!! Would order this again. My husband had a cheesy pasta with chicken and tomatoes and some kind of bacon?? He thought it was very rich and creamy and would order again. Our 11 year old had the kids steak with mac, n cheese and enjoyed the meal.We shared a lovely layerd chocolate cake which was very good. We were told that this cake was not made here, but it is still worth ordering.We had an overall fantastic dining experience and will be back.
5	Why don't you include your prices on the internet?  We are on budgets due to the economy and would like to see what we can afford.ThanksBTC
5	I had a high school friend return from San Francisco to attend the Wells Fargo Tournament this past weekend.  The best place in town to take him to dinner was Red Rocks in Charlotte, so I Yelp'ed the reservation link provided on the site and we enjoyed a great conversation that evening. The food was exceptional as always and the service was top notch. When you take a friend to dinner you feel like you could be putting your life into someone else's hands but I never fear the outcome when you dine with John and Will. The experience is always consistent; Wonderful.
3	Not as good as I was expecting. Just decent.. Our server was definitely pushy when it came to certain things. Paid in cash, said we needed cash back and she made it seem like we were finished and we had to ask for the change back.. She was nice though.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte!  My aunt introduced me to the one in Huntersville, so I've been to that one plenty of times.  I have also been to this one quite a few times with my boyfriend or with friends.  I have never had a problem with service at either location.  I have had quite a few different dishes, chicken marsala (my aunts favorite), burger, ravioli, but the one dish I always come back for is the cajun chicken pasta.  This has to be my favorite pasta anywhere!  Love the sauce, having chicken and sausage, vegetables, and of course cheese!  I've gotten to the point, that's all I can order, but they have plenty to choose from.  Kevin loves their saltimbucca!My last visit earlier this month was with some girlfriends.  They asked about bread, and they offer it on an as ask for basis.  I've never asked for it, so it was news to me.  The bread is just as good as the rest of their food, it is very soft and light.They of course have plenty of desserts.  I love the oreo cheesecake!Overall, this is in my top 3 of favorites here, can't wait to go back soon!
5	Once again Red Rocks did not let me down! Will took me right to my table and the evening went as well as I expected.  The Cajun salmon was exceptional and I will suggest this dish to everyone if you like a little spice.  The service was fantastic as usual because I have learned not to presume anything less from the staff.It was so good I am planning a business lunch there next week!
5	Love this restaurant! I go every Wednesday with a group of classroom moms. It's always a relaxing lunch and the food is consistently delicious. Each week, we sit in the same server's section, Billy. We can always count on his stellar service, but all of the servers are very professional.Do yourself a favor and start out with the queso-spinach dip or crab-artichoke dip (with or without bread bowl). The entree salads topped with salmon or chicken never disappoint. The crabcakes are to die for. And, don't forget to save room for coffee and dessert. The carrot cake is one of the best in town!
4	Best thing about Red Rocks? The diversity of the menu. For being only two pages, there's a pretty large selection and the choices are rather eclectic. Comfort food, Italian food, seafood, vegetarian, lots of salads, and even some pretty casual, but fancy sandwiches.The atmosphere is nice. It's fancy enough so that I feel inclined to wear a dress instead of yoga pants, ha. I love the drum shade lighting and all the booths. I just wish the decor had a little more personality, to give it less of a "chain restaurant" look.The smartest thing the owners do is entice you with dessert before you even eat, by having all their fresh baked good on display as you enter. Remember how good those look as you walked in, but you're too stuffed to have anything else now? Good luck with that will power... After you finish your meal, the waiters bring out a tray with a slice of each cake on display. They describe in detail each piece. Yeah, I can never resist. So I usually get a piece to take home.My favorite dishes here?Appetizers: Parmesan Potato Cakes, Queso-Spinach Dip, and the Homemade Potato chips. I guarantee you won't be disappointed by any of these! Salad: Small Baby Field Greens (pine nuts, goat cheese and craisins.. YES!)Pastas: Walnut and Spinach Ravioli, and Quarto Fromaggio Penne (minus the meat of course)Sandwiches: Portabella Mushroom MeltFYI: It's much nicer and quieter here on a week day/night. Sometimes the weekends can be crowded and annoying. Would probably come here more if the prices were just a bit lower.
4	They have great food and excellent service. I highly recommend going for lunch or dinner or even stopping in for a drink at the bar.
3	Consistent and nice option in the Southpark/Cotswold area. More simple items are some of their best.
3	My Parents Traveled 100 miles and my Wife traveled 180 miles... All four of us wanted to check this place out for "Queens Feast Charlotte Restaurant Week"...Our Waiter was Great Very Friendly and Paced the meal well!  We did not feel rushed... My Favorite type of Fried Onions are the : : Thinly Sliced, Lightly Battered, lightly fried (NOT too crispy) and Barely Seasoned ... Red Rocks did these PERFECTLY!   Five yelp stars for the Fried Onions!!!  Unfortunately everything else was too poor to keep the yelp Star rating above three stars!She Crab Soup was good, good as in three yelp stars, NOT any more than three, It was a tiny Portion, though it would have been fine IF, If the Entrees had more Volume, Quality, VALUE, etc.Shrimp Cocktail, the sauce was good 3 stars, the shrimp were good, nice size, ONLY Two Shrimp, three would have been perfect!!!!Lobster Tail (supposedly South African - I have Eaten South African Lobster Tails at least six of them) This one Tasted PACIFIC  and FROZEN (it was warm - did NOT taste fresh)!  Lacked Flavor!  Barely three starsPork Porterhouse was a nice Portion and the flavor was good (as in no better than good) three starsBeef Filet was cooked perfectly and had a nice flavor though not much better than three starsThe Mashed Potatoes, Sweet Potatoes, Asparagus and Green Beans were nothing special and EVERYTHING could have been Hotter!!!  Nothing was really COLD, everything (including the meats) was just below warm, though this is the LEAST of my complaints!!!Strawberry Shortcake had delicious Fresh Strawberries, then it was ruined by the "Whipped Cream" and Cake... P.S. a little difficult to get out of the narrow opening in the glass... 5 stars for fresh Strawberries, 1 yelp star for the other ingredients and less than one star for presentation!Chocolate Layer Cake was better than "Landmark" 1.22 stars is being GenerousBrick Tops wins (again) 5 yelp stars to 3Rarely I complain in a Restaurant BECAUSE I'm ASSUMING you are going to do your BEST!  This review is NOT only for the people who read reviews for information or entertainment, this is also for the OWNERS of Red Rocks!  I LOVE Great results for EVERYONE!Queens Feast Charlotte Restaurant Week is supposed to be a chance to "show off" your Restaurant!!!  It was started to give area Restaurants Exposure to "new customers" during Late January and July (times that are usually slow for Restaurants)...  If your establishment needed more Business why not show how GOOD or Great your Restaurant can be, instead of having a situation where a bunch of diners who know good food eat at your Restaurant and think it is not as good as they hoped it would be!!!  Take a hint from Ruth's Chris and LIMIT the Number of Reservations!!!  Show us how GOOD you can be!
3	FIVE Yelp stars for Service!!!  Both Times I have eaten here I have Noticed the Staff is Serious about Taking GREAT Care of the Customers!!!  This visit I was extremely Impressed getting to talk with the Owner!  Sincere, Friendly and Humble, seems as he LOVES coming to work here!!!  Very interested in what just one customer (Me) has to say, the Good and the not so good!  He really wanted to know and he knows who I am, so that makes it especially nice since I'm so picky about food!This is a Very Friendly and Welcoming place!  Seems that many of the Patrons know each other and want to visit the Neighborhood Feeling Establishment Charm this place offers with the Greatest Ease!!!We sat at the Bar because they have a Huge Sunday Brunch Crowd (NOT an Empty seat ANYWHERE)!!!  The Bar is Very Comfortable and we had plenty of room!!!The Hard Part of the review is writing about the Food when you like the Staff and it is a Very Popular Place with a Great Following for 20 years!!!Onion Rings these are Great!  My Favorite Part of the Meal (last time and this time)!  Five yelp stars... In competition with Cow Fish for the Number one spot, these Onions are sliced VERY Thin (just like I LOVE) with a Thin and Mildly Flavored seasoning (like I LOVE) served Hot just like I LOVE!!!Ribs - I LOVE Great Baby Back Ribs!  These are GOOD!  Not Great, only Good!  Better than many - The Quality of the Meat is VERY Good though they LOSE in Preparation and the Sauce could be Much Better... It seemed they were cooked close to being right though not close enough to be considered more than Good!   Most Unique Potato Cakes I have eaten, the difference was these are Battered and fried instead of flat or pan grilled, nice flavor, about three yelp stars.Crab Cakes had a good flavor, mostly Crab Meat very little filler cooked perfectly gets 3 stars compared to Epic Chophouse.BBQ Sauce, tastes better than it looks, did not taste that great... My Advice to everyone on BBQ Sauce is : "Experiment with a Peppercorn Blend"!!!
3	Red Rocks has something for everyone. And generally under the name of someone you know. Seriously. I know quite a few people whose names are on the menu.As for the food, it's fine. I've never been WOWed....except for the size of the desserts that are presented after the meal. Dang, that's some big cake. Plenty of vegetarian-friendly options, and for the carnivorous, there's the obscene Tom's Pittsburgh Salad, topped with London broil and fries.It's a popular spot for folks a generation (or two) older than myself, and I can see why. Chili's wishes it were the staple that Red Rocks is for the Strawberry Hill area.Service is fine, not overbearing...and they can tell that if you're coming in for lunch (or dinner, for that matter), you're not in a great hurry. Oh, and right now, they have a Yelp check-in deal for 10% off your meal. That's definitely in their favor.Red Rocks is often a choice for people working in my office or living in the vicinity, so I end up there more often than I'd rather. All in all, it doesn't disappoint.
4	It's been a while since we visited Red Rocks... it's tucked away behind The Fresh Market so it's easy to forget it's there. I've always opted for pasta here, while my husband gets salmon or mahi. Our last visit with great - we sat in the bar area and had terrific service by a super cute & friendly waitress (whose name escapes me right now or I'd give her a shout out). Check out their cocktail menu, extensive wine list... and be sure to indulge in one (or two!) of their amazing desserts. We are already planning a return visit this month... maybe they'll still be offering their Yelp check-in discount. :)
3	Can't say that I've been jonesin' to check out RR. Sure, it's a convenient location and easy lunchtime middle-ground for different professions. You can see the "ladies who lunch" crowd here or even the dude in his power suit ready to "rock" a deal with a client. Can't say you'll see too much wowing going on from the food perspective. I came here for lunch with a friend since it was the most convenient location for both of us. Ended up ordering a salad with rare, seared tuna and the light balsamic dressing. I've been on a kick of lighter lunch options lately and Red Rocks' salad options fit the bill rather well. Our server was....friendly, but seemed a little perturbed when we presented a coupon. Not a huge deal, but just something to keep in mind. Would I go back? Sure. Am I rushing back to excavate the rest of the menu for something worthwhile? Nope.
5	Red Rocks is very definitely the "go to" place in southeast Charlotte because the food is chef prepared fresh, the ambiance comfortable and cool  and the attitude embracing with a "we've missed you" quality even if you've never been there. I want to relate a story that says volumes about the quality of this restaurant. If Red Rocks is not on your list of places to go for just about any occasion, it will be after you read this:Last week I ate there two evenings consecutively. The first night I had Michael as a server and the next night I had Joshua. The spectrum of servers I encounter most places these days runs from disgruntled, overworked, "I'll fit you in when I can" to the overly solicitous, "yes sir, my pleasure sir, remove your crums sir, add another cube to  glass sir". These two guys blew me away with how enthusiastic they were about Red Rocks, they informed me what chef was preparing in the kitchen (naturally right?) but then went on to talk about the causes the restaurant was involved in, how their lives had been affected, Joshua related what the chef was doing to things he enjoys cooking and trying and his overall love of food, Michael talked about the owner and how he had impacted the lives of numerous employees. When I go out to eat, I go for a break and even if it's business I want it to be pleasant. Well these two guys were just doing their job but afterwards I felt like not only had I had a nice meal but I felt I'd been taken care of and I knew that I had given my business to restaurant that is making a difference in the lives of it's employees, patrons and community. Not a novel thought exactly but certainly there are not many places that execute that so well as Red Rocks. I think those two guys are certainly valued employees but most importantly, I can assure you that Red Rocks is doing something very special for their employees to feel that good about their place of employment and for them to extend that to us, the dining public! Thank you Red Rocks. If you are like me and you think of all these restaurants you could go to and then the moment you actually are getting ready to go,the mind goes blank....put Red Rocks at the very top of your list. You will be very glad you did.
5	I Absolutely   Red Rocks Cafe!! Everytime I'm here or grab To-Go I always start with the appetizer  CALHOUN'S QUESO-SPINACH DIP Served in a sourdough boule with chips. I promise you won't be disappointed. As for entrees I  the WEATHERLY'S CAJUN SALMON The salmon flakes right off and has a delicate flavor. I like to get extra cajun cream for my salmon. Another yummy entree SALAMONE'S SHRIMP CAJUN PASTA w/Vegetables. Just FYI you'll be leaving here with a full tummy :) And wanting to come back
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars.My husband said it perfectly...it is like a glorified diner.  They sorta fall under the "jack of all trades but master of none" category.  We were here for Brunch last weekend and had a decent experience.  I wasn't wowed and I wasn't disgusted.  I think there are some things they do really, really well and then other things they could improve upon.  Their desserts for example are amazing (oreo cheesecake and key lime pie to name a couple).  But other items on the menu don't seem fresh or homemade...everyone loves their bacon salad dressing and their salads overall seem to be a hit.I tried the steak and eggs meal and it was pretty good.  The steak was cooked well and it was rather juicy and tender...can't go wrong with that.  It was served with a hashbrown patty that was a nice addition to the meal.Hubby tried the chicken pasta dish and it was decent.  The sauce was not bad but the chicken was pretty flavorless.  It was sorta like a rubber ducky heated up in the microwave and then slapped on the pasta.  It would have been better if it was marinated or cooked in lemon, oregano, garlic, basil, heck anything!  The service was decent...our waitress seemed a little disheveled but she was fine for the most part.I used to work at Red Rocks in my waitressing days so I have a soft spot in my heart for them.  I only wish the best for them and I know they have a loyal following so they will do just fine!  I will be back and once you know what to order and what to avoid, you will have a good experience.
4	I've been here a few times.  I think the food is very good, although certain dishes can be a bit pricey.  When you go, you have to get the buffalo calamari.  Its my favorite thing on their menu.  During my latest visit, I had the filet and crab cake, which was delicious.  The food came out very quickly and the service was friendly.  I would highly recommend Red Rocks if you are looking for a nice restaurant to eat at in the Birkdale Village area.
2	This place was just ok. The server we had was horrible. No personality whatsoever. When I had another waitress stop her from putting in my order because I wanted to add/change something, she visually was irritated making gestures you would expect from a 2 year old child who had a toy taken from them or you asked them to go to bed. I had never seen this in my life from a server I was truly shocked.  Her name was Christine. If you decide to go don't let her help you. I called her out on this and of course lied and said the lady said something else but I totally caught her off guard.  The food was just ok nothing special or delicious to make me want to come back. Had I not had this experience I may have desired to go back and try another dish. I had salad and a fillet w/ mashed potatoes. I had to send my food back be sure it clearly wasn't cooked to the appropriate temperature. Then my sides got cold. My friend that I was dining with had blackened tilapia and that was pretty good. But this service makes me never want to go there again. After all the server and the service you receive at a restaurant is very important. I eat out all the time. I consider myself to know what great service is. This was by far the worse. I was really disappointed in Red Rocks. I was looking forward to a great experience. ; (
5	Great food and great service... We were impressed with the variety on the menu.
5	I have dined at Red Rocks for a few years.  I have never been disappointed with the food or service.  Of particular note is Karen at the hostess station.  She is the epitome of customer service.  It could be months since my last dining experience and she ALWAYS remembers my name, greets with a smile, and usually a hug.  The menu has a broad range of offerings.  The chicken salad is very good as is the Reuben (corned beef or turkey).  Those are my usual go-to choices but I have ventured to other dishes and never been disappointed.  Their desserts are quite good, especially the coconut cake.  It can get a little noisy at times but there is plenty of seating indoors and on the patios.The restaurant is always clean, as are the restrooms (very important), and the service is always friendly.  Staff has always been attentive, well-groomed, and professional.
4	I'm a little disappointed in seeing the Meh reviews here for Red Rocks. I've been to both locations (this one the most) and have never had a bad experience. Last night I ordered the chopped salad and ribeye filet special smothered in horseradish cheese sauce served with roasted potatoes and creamed corn. Yeah, you can't put that on the Specials menu and expect me not to want it...The food was very good and the service was even better. Our waitress was so excited to serve us that my date couldn't help but smile and comment on her vivaciousness. The only thing that I regret was not ordering the chocolate layer cake for dessert. I've had it a couple times before and OMG is it delicious! It's honestly the best chocolate layer cake in Charlotte next to The Palm. It would be hard for me to have to choose between the 2. All in all, I like Red Rocks and wish there were a location closer to me in Uptown. The menu is vast and reasonable. You can order a burger, sandwich, steak or seafood. The atmosphere is nice but a little casual. I suggest giving RR a go and don't forget to take a peek at their massive dessert tray!
1	We have been going to Red Rocks for special celebrations for over 10 years. The last few times we have been there, it's been a big disappointment. Tonight we dropped over $200 for mediocre steaks and poor service on a birthday celebration for our daughter, and they were unwilling to comp her $7 dessert, which they have always done in the past. No desire to go back.
3	I came with a few coworkers for a work lunch, and ordered the jambalaya. It was flavorful, but didn't quite have the punch of a true Cajun dish. I was disappointed that they don't have a lunch menu - unless you want to pay $20-$40 for lunch, at least 1/3 of the menu was off limits. BUT, to offset my disappointment, I had the key lime pie and it was wow in my mouth. I could taste the freshly zested lime. It was basically perfection in a slice.
3	This was my first time here and I was visiting family from Chicago. My friend and I decided to go out and grab a bite to eat. The place is in a nice area and the menu has several items. However the food that my friend and I ordered weren't that great. It tasted generic noting special. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. I just think overall the experience was average as well as the food.
2	I have been going to Red Rocks for 9 years.  It started a downward trend about 2 years ago.  I went on Saturday night and this will be the last time.  The food just isn't what it used to be albeit the menu is the same.  My daughter (23 yrs old) ordered spinach ravioli with chicken.  What she got was a soup with some ravioli in it.  It wasn't a sauce as you would expect, it looked like it was in chicken broth.  After she ate a few bites she said she didn't see any chicken, so we flagged the waiter since he hadn't come back to check on the food.  He apologized and went to the kitchen to get the chicken.  He comes out with a some chicken chunks on a small plate and said it was sitting there already prepared, they just forgot to put it in the ravioli.  Strike 1.  My wife ordered lobster ravioli.  It was bland tasting and anemic looking.  Strike 2.  We were there celebrating my daughters birthday.  When it came to desert, the waiter said went through the choices and also offered a complimentary pc for the birthday girl.  She said ok she'll have that and then he says they no longer have complimentary cake.  This was 1 minute after he said they did.  There were 4 of us at the table, we all heard it.  Strike 3.  Not surprising, there wasn't an adjustment on the bill for the late cold chicken either.
3	This was my first visit to Red Rock Cafe and my husband hadn't been there in many years. We ended up here for dinner after going to Brixx Pizza and it was packed! (Hubby did not want to wait!)Although the restaurant was crowded, we were seated immediately. The menu is large and varied, therefore a little overwhelming. My husband couldn't find anything that jumped out at him as he then realized pizza was on his brain. But here we are . . .He chose the Reuben & fries and I got the seafood special - grilled mahi with creole corn-tomato sauce, fried okra, over wild rice risotto (I guess since it was Fat Tuesday they wanted to offer a Cajun dish). His was ok he said, nothing special. Mine was good but after further inspection realized it basically was all frozen or canned. Frozen fried okra (which I still liked!) and canned corn and tomatoes. The risotto was unique and somewhat tasty, but didn't seem to go with the rest of the meal too many flavors competing with each other!I have no desire to return. It wasn't bad but certainly didn't impress us! I gave them 3 stars although 2.5 might be more accurate.
4	Finally made it taking our granddaughter out as part of grandparent day.  We were not alone in this as many other grandparents were doing same, but at 11:30am we were all promptly seated along with many regulars.Super nice menu with lots of interesting offerings.  The kid menu ditto.Out waitress, Cheryl, was so accommodating and on top of things that the meal became a friendly experience.  It took quite awhile to get our food, but it did come and was hot and correct.  The side salad was generous and we were glad that we ordered one to split.The cajun chicken pasta, which I substituted shrimp, was in a spicy cream sauce and I was delighted to finish all of it.  Gosh was that good!  Wife had a spinach walnut ravioli which she liked enough to have wanted a larger portion.  Perhaps the dinner portion is more generous?Although not a desert eater, granddaughter asked for key lime pie, selecting from one of those most dangerous trays containing at least six waist killing items.  Apparently they are known for their cakes, pies and pastries.  And now we know why.The Military Officers Association of America frequently has meeting/dinners here and I think I will start attending.  It is a comfortable, classy, yet casual place for great lunches and dinners.
5	The original South Park location very nice and cozy, a tad more laid back than the Birkdale location. The same lovely experience here for an extensive upscale American cuisine that is not only appealing to your eyes, but very delicious, as well. If you enjoy Long Island Teas, this is the place for you; the best yet! You will want to save room for dessert or make sure you get one to go. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about any questions we had and his attentiveness made our dining experience even more special. One of our favorite places for sure and cannot wait to go back again.
4	Ah, Red Rocks. What can I say? You're a Cotswold institution. Been around forever with your overpriced mediocre everything. You're going nowhere because you're too convenient to ignore. But today, I received a pleasant surprise. Ordered a dinner entree for lunch. (How you prep your kitchen for the entire menu is beyond me.) Ordered the Almond Crusted Grouper. And although the presentation looked odd, and the fish was a bit overcooked, the flavors were excellent. Bartender even pulled off great and friendly service. And, I do always love the greetings at the door. Like you're genuinely glad I'm there. Being an ex industry girl, I know you're staff has "issues" - but I didn't see it today, and I didn't taste it today. So...kudos. And, yes, I'll be back.
1	The great group of people we were with and the beer aside (since they don't control that) it's amazing that RR's continue to exist. I guess their "tradition", "location" or whatever sustains them.....certainly not food quality. I went to Red Rocks by choice about 10 years ago for the first (and last) time. Ten years later we went tonight for a group event. The "second last time" if you will. The She Crab soup tasted old and salty. The Rib Eye was about as low a cut and cooked with as little flavor as possible. At $25, not a good investment.  Usually I like to make reviews with motivational direction but apparently they don't need it if they survived the last recession without the need to improve quality. So I guess they deserve begrudging kudos in a way!
4	The food that I've had here has been pretty good. Drink selection is pretty varied if select on the wine and beer selection. However the service is hit or miss. I've been there when the servers are very attentive and then again where we had to flag someone down just to order drinks. Other than that great handout place.
5	The best! Friendly, tasty and great atmosphere! We come here all the time
4	Great place for a casual meal that's a little nicer than just a diner or bar. Amazing selection of dessert. The burgers are really good here but my favorite is the crab cake sandwich.
4	This was my first time at Red Rocks Cafe. This weekend I met up with some friends from college in Charlotte, and we headed over to Red Rocks for dinner. We sat outside on the patio, where we received excellent service from both of the waitresses outside. The manager even came around twice. I ordered a glass of Moscato, which arrived in a big, tall wine glass. Very refreshing. My friends were pleased with their mixed drinks. The menu is large, and a bit overwhelming for those who have never been. For my meal, I ordered Chet Snow's Salmon. I was able to substitute garlic smashed potatoes for the wild rice with no problem. The dish came out beautifully. The salmon was placed upon the garlic smashed potatoes with the lemon dill sauce on top of the salmon. The green beans were placed to the side. The salmon was cooked very well, with a slight crust all around, but still tender inside. The lemon dill sauce complimented the salmon very well. The garlic smashed potatoes were excellent-not too salty or garlic-y. The green beans had been blanched I believe; they were bright green and cooked, but still retained that firm bite when you crunched into them. Overall, the next time I'm in Charlotte, I wouldn't mind returning to Red Rocks Cafe.
5	Went to red rocks on a whim with my wife, and we loved it! Had the she-crab soup which was amazing and the calamari to start. Great service, great food. Simple enough
5	Jennie our server did an amazing job! She was very attentive and made the visit personal. We will definitely be back!
4	This is definitely a top of the line restaurant, and the prices reflect that. I've eaten there a few times the last time I had salmon it was really good.
5	The service and food have always been great.  They have a large menu which sometimes make it difficult to choose.  Some of our favorites have been the southwest chicken raviolis and the lobster raviolis.  Their desserts look amazing and finally gave in and took home a piece of key lime pie on our last visit that was delicious.  They take reservations on open table which is great because it has been very busy every time we have been there.
3	Three stars is based on the service, not the food.  Red Rocks used to be a staple among my friends and I. However, it has been years since I have been back since I have moved and it is not right down the street, as it was in the past.  My Mom and arrived shortly after 5:30, an early dinner before a show, and were seated and approached for our drink order. After reviewing the menu, my Mom ordered the Crab Cake dinner and I chose the Crab Stuffed Trout special.  The crab cake was breading only with a little shredded crab and definitely overcooked.  As for the crab stuffed trout, very misleading. It was a piece of trout with a crab cake on top. And, as I said, the crab cake was ver disappointing.  The trout was cooked very swell, but missed seasoning that I actually had to add salt as I was eating. Both dishes were served with fresh veggies, really??? All raw. And mashed potatoes or rice. I had the potatoes, okay, and Mom had the rice, undercooked.  Overall the food was a complete disappointment and I would not return.However, our server, and I hate that I don't remember his name, was so nice and was on top of refreshing our water, offering us another drink and checking in throughout the evening.
5	Excellent food and service in a well managed restaurant.  The bison meatloaf very good and the steak was outstanding.  Perfectly prepared and served.
5	Googled a quiet restaurant in Charlotte. This was a gem. Call ahead gave us a table as we walked in. The service is professional and the food amazing. The spinach queso would feed a crowd. The wine list was big. I enjoyed the Barosso cabsauv. My lobster ravioli was the best ever served with succulent shrimp and scallops in a smooth creamy sauce. My husband raved about the jambalaya. We couldn't resist the dessert tray. Wow!  Vanilla mousse cheesecake and Coconut Cake with pineapple cream filling were more than we could handle but believe me they won't go to waste. Maybe to waist. Families, couples, anyone will find this warm atmosphere a place for great food and drink. Outdoor seating is charming but it was 37 degrees F tonight.
3	I have not eaten here in years but on a whim, my friend and I decided to lunch here for my birthday. The menu is varied , lots of selections and appetizers. We were disappointed not to have gotten a booth as they are way more spacious ---had a tiny little table against a wall and very cramped during the entire lunch.I have no issues myself with the food---I ordered a pasta dish, chicken and penne in a four cheese sauce with mushrooms and tomatoes. It was very tasty. My friend ordered a Kobe beef burger and had asked the server if she could substitute the soup of the day , broccoli and cheese, for a side. The server was glad to oblige and said sure you can. So her meal arrives and on the plate is a cup of chicken noodle soup instead. My friend summons the waitress and says "I did order the broccoli cheese, did I not?". She responds, Oh, they ran out!  Now folks, don't you think it would have been prudent to tell my friend beforehand that the soup she wanted was gone and not just bring any old thing?  So, the server does ask if you want to take it back and get something else. By that time , the other food was getting cold and she told her to not bother. Here is the kicker, though---when the bill arrived , she was charged $2.00 for the soup!! Why the server did not alert her before hand as to the extra charge, I can't imagine but she did have an obligation to say something. Rather than complain again , she decided to say nothing and pay for it. Wrong!! I wanted to make mention of this to the server and the management.  Not good business people , bringing out a food item you did not want in the first place and then charging you for it. You can do better than that, I am sure.
4	I've been by this place a thousand times but didn't know it existed. Its tucked away where you can't see it from Providence Road. I needed to kill an hour and grab a quick bite to eat, and thus got on Yelp to find something in the area. I stopped in and sat at the bar, and got a Goose Island IPA (pretty tasty) and the crab cake appetizer (amazing). The bar tenders were friendly, and they have 2 TV's in the bar area. The restaurant looks very nice and a little more upscale than the typical casual dining fare. I look forward to revisiting for a sit down dinner. Also, a good place to spend an hour if you need to in the area.
5	ALWAYS a treat and one of my favorite places to go. Ordered a pretzel burger and smashed potatoes; my hubby got a bowl of chili, chicken cordon blue wrap and sweet potato tots. All were delicious and fresh. Our waitress, Barbara was very pleasant and the lady bartender working this afternoon makes an incredible Long Island tea! We cannot wait to come back!* It was so nice to finally be able to meet the manager, John, in person.
