4	This place was fun, though the donuts are a bit pricy ($2.85 for one, if I remember correctly, or 6 for $13). We tried the chocolate brownie (which has a piece of brownie on top, and a chocolate center), the apple crumble, the lemon merengue, the bailey's, and the raspberry-filled. We were divided about which one was our favorite---two of us were in favor of the apple crumble being the winner, while my other friend preferred the chocolate brownie.  The chocolate brownie one was a bit salty, oddly; the raspberry was traditional, the bailey's seemed to have been marinated in the stuff and was a bit heavy for me. Next time I would try a traditional, non-filled donut to see what that was like. The staff were really friendly and helpful (and patient, as we deliberated among the many, many flavors!). It's in a cool industrial-chic building. Well worth a visit.
4	GREAT DONUTS! I've been a donut lover all my life and often go out of my way to check out donuts shops, like this one, doing something different or just extremely well. These donuts are tradional in the sense that the base flavor of the donuts are true to form but with some creative twists on traditional types as well as some unique ones. They have an excellent consistency, texture, moisture etc. I bought 6 for $13 and was happy with the variety. I loved the pineapple upside down cake and the powdered jelly the best. They also serve "food" food, I had a smoked salmon sandwich which I really enjoyed as well. The bread of the sandwich was REALLY good!
5	I ate three donuts today and I don't even care who knows it. I would have eaten more if I could. Each one is enticingly decorated, only hinting at the hidden delicious filling within. The dough is soft and fresh, the flavours are both unique and classic, and you can really taste the quality ingredients: fresh cream, homemade peanut butter, tangy jam. This place is worth the walk. Or if you're lucky enough to have someone bring them to an event or meeting, remember that all social conventions are null in the face of donuts. Every man for themselves.
1	Until recently they weren't open weekends. Their weekdays hours are NOT worker friendly to anyone outside the area. I was really looking forward to tasting the donuts but was sadly disappointed in the quality of the filling. The dough was reasonably good though there was too much sugar on the outside. The big problem I have is the price.  The donut price was criminal. The irony of having such pricey treats next to the Welcome Hall Mission and the punk lofts does not endear these people to me in any way.
4	If you're looking for doughnuts this is the spot. Way better than anything you'll find at Tim Hortons. Leche doughnuts are chewy and delicious. I brought home two and dipped them in some perk coffee. Leche also has sandwiches, espresso, ect. I'll come back to try those and update my review after.
5	First it was cupcakes, but not it seems to be doughnuts that are all the rage and if you have a craving Leche is the place to go to satisfy it. All the doughnuts are made fresh onsite right in front of your eyes. The fabulous flavors include: Milk Chocolate Mousse, Boston Cream, Lemon Meringue, Double Chocolate Brownie (one of my favs), Baileys and many other tasty and creative flavors. We recently picked up a few dozen to serve at my birthday party and everyone seemed quite pleased. And yes there is more to Leche than just doughnuts. You can eat in or take out a coffee, sandwiches and other things, but why would you want to take up sapce in your stomach that could be used for doughnuts?
3	Went to this bakery after it was featured on a t.v. show.Location : you have to go out of your way to get to the bakery. No dedicated parking and street parking is minimal. We had to park one street away and walk.The bakery : they serve small meals and of course donuts. Seating capacity is small. If there is more then 8 people in line at the counter, you will either be outside or between the tables with eating customer. Very clean and of course it smells great.The donuts : we had a dozen to go. We had : Boston cream, it was good. Maple and bacon, interesting but not superb. Chocolate mousse, good but not sweet enough to our taste. Double chocolate brownies, I wish the dough was chocolate also...disappointing. Lemon, very good. Maple, good. PB&J, now this was the star...it was excellent, the peanut butter taste was delicious. The dough is very tender, the taste is good.Conclusion : the flavors are original, the look of the donuts are very inviting but not IMO worth the 23$ a dozen. Will not go out of my way again to this bakery.
4	Doughnuts kicked up several notches. Pastry chef, Josie, brings her culinary expertise and experience to blend flavors that are exciting and just make sense. I have a tie for favorites. The coconut lime...a gorgeous raised doughnut covered with fresh lime zest and shredded coconut. The white chocolate mousse...filled with just the right amount of rich, delicious mousse and topped with large, white chocolate shavings. Perfection!Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Fun branding. Open kitchen.
5	I was In the neighbourhood and had heard about this place from some colleagues. I ordered a doZen donuts for 24$. Pb&j, pistachio, apple, chocolate, pineapple, cinnamon etc. All of them were superb. Pistachio was to me the star with the creamy filling. I loved this place so much I had them cater my wedding with mini donuts and it was well worth it! Josie was a doll given that I places the order only 3 days before the day! Definitely great if you want to serve some bite sized donuts for larger groups at a reasonable price. And they are so cute! Bring them to a party everyone will love them!
5	This little bakery has the best desserts in St Henri.  Always fresh and delicious, my top fave donuts are lemon meringue, white chocolate, pistachio creme and the Boston creme.  Have yet to try the PB &J, but it's next on my list. The staff is super friendly and cool, and their coffee is great too. Head down to the Hen for some donut love, you will not be disappointed!
5	Dude, do you fucking Canadians even Yelp bro? This place is the motherfuckin shiznit and at 16 reviews I would've thought otherwise too. But no, I was wrong just like you for not posting more reviews. You lazy Canucks. Nestled in a building not far from the wrong side of the tracks (literally) I nearly tripped even though my dumb 'murica self did not see the huge sign in English that says to watch my step. We got a bakers dozen and I'm going to make love to them later and make my own icing.God bless 'murica
4	Yummy donuts that taste lighter because they are baked, rather than fried. It is fluffier and doesn't have that cloyingly sweet taste, which I really enjoyed.The topping are all gourmet. We had the coconut lime sugar and maple bacon, but other good choices include white chocolate mousse, sugar and spice, peanut butter stuffed with jelly, smores, and meringue. The coconut lime sugar is perfect for a quick, not too heavy, snack. The maple bacon was definitely more indulgent. The maple and bacon flavors tasted infused into the donut.Street parking in a nondescript location. Prices are $2.65 per donut, $13 for half-dozen, or $23 for a dozen. We didn't know about the prices until after, otherwise, we might have just splurged for the dozen for best value. ;)
4	YOWSAS is all I have to say.  I've never been a doughnut person but Leche makes me reconsider that.  Normally I find doughnuts heavy thanks to the frying but these are baked making them much lighter.  The shop has an open concept so you get to see the employees hard at work making those yummy doughnuts.They have your traditional doughnut flavours like strawberry jam and bostom cream but then they also have ones that you won't find in Dunkin Donuts or Tim Horton's.  I had a hard time narrowing down my choices but ultimately got a Ferrero Rocher doughnut to eat right then and a S'more one for the next day because to opt for only one was too hard.  My favourite one was the S'more doughnut which was decorated with a homemade marshmallow.  The Ferrero Rocher one was also a winner but ultimately the S'more one was the best.It is a little pricey.  Each doughnut was about $3.  That is my only major complaint though.  I would definitely come back though to try the other flavours.  Even if you're not a doughnut person come here because these are not your average doughnuts.
5	AMAZING. I'm not even a donut person, but damn, lemon meringue, Black Forest... And they put voodoo donut's maple bacon bar to shame. Coffee is also great. And vegans, rejoice! Always one or two vegan options available. And so fun, watching them make the donuts right in front of you. So many unique variations, will be well worth the effort to try them all!
5	Leche is a hidden gem that will make donut lover's swoon!If you like sickenly sweet donuts like Timmy's or Krispy Kreme, you  will probably not love Leche but if you are looking for a refined alternative, Leche is a dream come true.It is a cute, clean little place with an open kitchen, you are greeted by friendly girls who bake the donuts and you can actually see them working on these luscious creations.On this last visit, I enjoyed a Boston cream, a pumpkin pie donut and a chocolate mousse donut.These aren't cake style donuts, they are fluffy and yeast  based and not overly sweet, the perfect base to showcase their lush, creamy, decadent fillings.The pumpkin pie donut was truly delicious, the filling tasted exactly like Libby's pumpkin pie recipe which is my favorite pumpkin pie recipe so it was a happy surprise. The chocolate mousse filling was a velvety, creamy, dark chocolate  masterpiece and the Boston cream's vanilla custard interior was the perfect texture with a real vanilla bean taste, topped with chocolate ganache and dark chocolate curls.There is no commercial, artificial taste to these beauties and they are well worth their higher price point. (3 donuts came to Aprox 11$)Love, love, love  this place!
3	We got a few donuts the other day (s'mores, white chocolate mousse, and maple bacon) and they were a bit hit-or-miss for us. S'mores and maple bacon were nothing extraordinary and were not worth 3 bucks a pop. However, the white chocolate mousse was amazing! We suspect it's because there's only so much you can do with dough and toppings to make it stand-out, while the filings are where you can taste the difference in quality of ingredients. I'm interested in testing out this theory by trying out their other filled donuts like Boston cream and PBJ. But for any of the other donuts, I would rather pay 1/3 the price and go to Tim's.Also, not sure why people think they're baked. I thought I spotted a fryer or two in the back....
