4	He's Young, Business-Savvy, and Born to Barber I decided to try Mark Leviyev's ProStyles Barbershop after finding most places I could get to during lunch would be happy to give me a pedicure, back-fill my Go Suns! nails, dye my roots, frost my locks, tan my hide, steam my face, and blister my back with giant red hot Go stones. But not much chance of a straight-up barbershop trim. I looked further abroad, reading more addresses, and my memory flickered an image of the tall red white and blue barber banner fluttering across the Street from Saint Joe's and out front of the Fifth Avenue Cafe. My hair grows fast, I've survived many hack jobs and my closet has a selection of baseball caps, straw and felt hats. Trying out a brand new barber would only be bad a month. And I always have my usual barber, the Sweet One - D to support me and smooth the uglies during those four weeks of immeasurable ego humiliation. I drove Thomas to the barber flag at 5th Avenue, pulled into a parking spot and found the storefront windows decorated with barber pole graphics and nicely designed custom logos. Walking inside I got a chair, noted the customer in the barber chair and another one waiting down the line from me. Pulling the notepad and pen from my shirt-pocket nerd kit, I went to work on my Yelp* notes for business hours and phone number, picked up a business card from the counter and found a web address and logos advising following ProStyles on Facebook and Twitter. Modern business savvy. Ka-Ching. The sign behind the counter advertised regular cuts, scissor cuts, fades, tapers, hot towel straight razor shaves, flat tops, facials and complimentary massage. After Mark finished his customer's cut with a final hot lather and razor finish, he coached him on appropriate products for grooming and keeping the cut looking good. I got the scissor cut, letting Mark know it was early August since anyone put more than a trimmer to my sideburns. He set to work and we bantered on with a molecule of politics, a cup full of family, and a plate full of motorcycle riding and dodging crazy drivers. We had some excellent talk, Mark's sense of humor meshing up nicely with mine. So in addition to MY hot lather and straight razor clean-up, I got a lot of smile and laugh endorphins added for free.  I also got a nose and eybrow onece-over, and a motorized shoulder and neck massage.He's been in business a year at this spot. I was surprised, thinking I'd been seeing the banner fluttering three or four months. He said he replaces the banner every three or four months, another sign of his business acuity - keeping the advertising fresh and bright. I suggest you try him. As long as you communicate what you want clearly, I promise you won't suffer through a hack job. And he told me Sweet D, no more haircuts at home! Even if your work has been admired by barbers in three states.
5	Mark is LEGIT.  Only barber I let cut my hair now.  I've strayed away from time to time and got stuck with a terrible haircut.  I seriously dont know how some people get their license to begin with...Anyways, the guy is consistant.  Spot on, everytime. Keep up the good work man.
5	I knew I'd pay a little more here, but knew I'd get a quality, trustworthy cut.  Got my 2012 holiday haircut from Steven.  Excellent job, high attention to detail, paid attention to fine points like squaring up the edges of my hairline with a trimmer, and slicking off the final furries with a razor.  Plus a vibrating shoulder massage.  The final result reminded me of my dad laboring over the flat tops of his four sons, his Oster clippers buzzing, a comb his level, so focused his jaw was clenched and slowly grinding, little beads of sweat glistening on his chin as he sweated the details, making sure the tops were absolutely flat, sides smoothed down, not a single hair standing taller than any other.  Steven accomplished the same effect, but more like a Zen master.  Calm, knowingly, precise.
5	Are you a guy? Do you have hair? Do you get it cut or are perhaps thinking of having it cut? Did you answer yes to any of those questions? Then do you know Mark? If not, you should. Before I started cutting hair myself, Mark (who owns and operates ProStyles) is the only person I would trust to cut my little boy's hair. Mark is an amazing barber with his back east flavor and way of business. He knows his stuff; you tell him your vision and he will make it happen. He even hooks you up with massage when you're all done. His prices are great. If I remember correctly you get a discount Monday through Thursday. Friday's can get pretty packed in there anyway. If you are looking for a new barber and live work or play in the downtown, midtown, or uptown area I suggest giving ProStyles a try. Look them up on Facebook and Twitter for promotional specials and any changes in schedules due to holidays and what have you.Don't be scared just because Mark is almost bald either. He knows his ish.
2	Have gotten several haircuts here, they do a decent job. Nothing special. The real problem is how long it takes. I've never waited less than twenty minutes. Sometimes it's as much as forty. And they seem to spend thirty plus minutes on each haircut. That seems like a reasonable amount of time... For a woman's haircut. But this is a barber, and that is just too long in my opinion.  All the guys are nice and like I said, they all do a decent job. But unless you're coming in on your day off you may not like using your entire lunch break for a haircut.
4	The barber did a great job cutting my hair. He seemed to have a hard time understanding what I was saying. He also mumbled a lot. So make sure that he knows what you want before you let him cut your hair. My hair cut went well because I told him exactly how I wanted it cut.
5	I have been getting my hair cut by Mark at ProStyles Barbershop since they opened.  As a few have mentioned it may take a few extra minutes but they always know what I want and I never walk out disappointed or with a tilted Flat Top like I have at other places only to go home disappointed and shave it all off.  If you want a quick cheap in and out go to Great Clips or someplace like that.  If you want the professional old-fashioned attention to detail then THIS is the place you want to go to.  I would not trust my hair to anyone other than Mark and Michael at ProStyles Barbershop... Not even myself!
2	From the other reviews, I thought wow, this place sounds great....maybe Mark is an awesome barber--sounds like it. But the wait for said awesome hair cut is unreasonable. I arrive and one guy is getting a fade haircut by Mark and a woman is getting her hair cut by a female worker there. I'm the only one waiting. I just want a regular buzz cut. I don't think I even got a hi as I walked through the door. One hour later, the female customer is finally done with her hair cut and leaves, so the female barber starts to blow dry her own hair, talking in Spanish to Mark, totally ignoring me. Another lady walks in, starts chatting with the female barber, and sits right down at the lady barber's chair and she goes to work on her hair. It's been an hour and I'm still the only one waiting and guy getting fade is still in the seat getting his hair done. Another "regular" comes in, starts chatting with Mark and then plops himself on the barber seat next to Mark as if he's next, again totally ignoring me. Mark then tells him he'll take care of him quickly. Ridiculous. I get up and walk out and the stunned barber asks, "where are you going?- you're next." The guy getting fade was still not done. If it takes an hour to wait to get an hour long men's hair cut, that's just ridiculous. I have a job that doesn't offer me the luxury to leave for a 2 hours just for a simple men's hair cut and I work across the street from this place. If you have the day off, then by all means go to this place--sounds like they do an amazing job if you don't mind the wait....
5	I come here once or twice a month to get my hair shorn and occasionally my beard trimmed. I've never had a bad experience or waited longer than 15 minutes. Every barber is professional, thorough and efficient. After looking around for a reliable place for a while, this has become my go-to shop.
1	Wouldn't know how they cut hair because they weren't open when they say they are. Went there Sunday at 11am, they open at 10 and no one was there. Will never try to go back.
5	Been going there since it opened. I now live in Tempe and drive all the way to central Phoenix for a haircut.
