4	This place JUST opened this week... fresh off the ground, a new baby!!I have to start with my amazingly handsome, sweet attentive waiter, he was so warm and friendly, an he liked my hair!! hahah He rocked!! The place is really nice, quiet with good seating..Nice decorThe food was AMAZING!!We ordered an an appetizer with brie and ham and a walnut glaze on it that rocked my mouth!!An then followed by a pizza with mushrooms, artichokes, it was amazing...They have pasta dishes as well..I say go try it...They have a nice selection of vino's
5	Delicious authentic Italian food right in the heart of Central Phoenix!The wait staff was amazing and attentive.  We had children with us and the owner gave them each a ball of pizza dough to play with and they had a blast!The calamari with marinara sauce was delish!
5	So, we walk in, rug rats in tow.... it's my birthday, so far the family celebration has included  the fathead four year old's pre-k open house (woo-hoo), and an argument amongst the kids regarding where to take Mom for her b-day dinner - "peter piper", "no chuck e cheese", "no, sister, I said Peter Piper"... you get it... my nerves are frayed as we are driving down 16th Street and spy that Gasper's is indeed open - lovely - always up for a new dining experience in Cen-Pho.  Back to walking in with rug rats in tow.. my first thought - this could get ugly, fast....  They are billed as Casual Italian Dining - but the place is really quite gorgeous inside.  Very thoughtfully decorated - not too much, not too little.  The kids were welcomed warmly and attended to as if they were paying the bill (someday my pretties, someday).  The menu was very thorough and varied, something for everyone - I detected a Sicilian influence.  I went for the Osso Bucco (it's my birthday and I can pig out if I want to)..... the spouse went for the Chicken Parmigina, the rugrats, a cheese pizza, one that trust me, was completely wasted on them... wayyyy too good to be wasted on the same mouths that uttered something about a Piper and a Rat.  The service was outstanding - and didn't skip a beat when the aforementioned fathead four year old sent his bread plate crashing to the floor, the drinks were kept refilled, and seemingly, our every need was anticipated (happy birthday to Mom, indeed!).  Welcome Gasper's, Welcome.... and thank your for an  AMAZING birthday meal - the best Osso Bucco I've had since my honeymoon in It'ly 12 years ago, the outstanding wood fired pizza, the simply amazing handmade pasta and freshly made mozzarella. And finally, thank you for the the warmest welcome and smiles I've experienced in a restaurant for quite some time now, and the birthday tiramisu?  quite simply dreamy....
5	I was planning on going in to check the place out a few weeks ago - with friends that spent the day moving.  (Pizza is the universal moving food, right?)  I checked out the website - and seeing the photos and menu, it didn't seem "Casual" as the sign outside indicated.   At least not casual enough for people who smelled like they'd spent the day moving.  In August.  In Phoenix.  So, we went somewhere else.I forgot all about it until I spoke with my friend Kim T (See first review) today.Next thing I know, I am hungry.  My friend who lives close has to go to work, leaving her husband loaded on pain pills for a bad back and two children at home.  Happy hour seems perfect...LoopyMan doesn't have to consider how to do feed himself and the squatlings - and the kids get pizza.  Perfect!We walk in, and Maria (the co-owner) immediately thinks she recognizes me and I have been in before.  I assured her it must have been my evil twin, and we ask about happy hour.  The food special is $3.00 of all pizzas, and several drink specials.  (I didn't pay much attention to drink specials - as my limit was one.  I was driving and responsible for getting children home safely...call it my one bow to responsibility.)  We are told happy hour can be at the bar or at the pizza bar.  We opt for the pizza bar.While all one room, the place has three distinct areas.  Bar, dining room, pizza bar.  All are immaculate.  Had it been regular happy hour with adults, I would have opted for the bar.  Had it been a real sit down dinner, definitely the dining room.  For our purpose - the pizza bar was perfect - and of course, meant we could watch the pizza being made.Kim T was not exaggerating at all!  The kids were treated SO well.  The happy man (Gasper himself!) was making the pizzas, and friendly as could be.  He offered the kids pizza dough to play with!  It was amazing!  For all intents and purposes, it's play dough - and they were quite wrapped up creating animals and objects to entertain us with.  Better than an activity placemat and blue crayon any day!I asked LoopyMan what the kids liked on their pizza - pepperoni, of course.  Gasper's does not have pepperoni.  The closest option was the Vesuvio Pizza with Italian Hot Salami and Italian Hot Capicolla.  I asked Gasper how spicy it was...these are children after all.  He gave them each a piece to try, and it was thumbs up across the board.  I judge pizza at it's most basic, so we also ordered the Margherita.Both were fantastic...and it's been decided when I make pizza at home, fresh salami and capicolla will permanently replace pepperoni.  It was AMAZING!Our waitress (Josephine, a real gem!) came by to suggest dessert - which we were going to pass on.  Then Maria approached and started telling us about the cream puff.  She personally makes them (the pride shows!), told me how wonderful they are, and assured me once I try her cream puff, I will never miss a canolli again.  It was also supposedly large enough to share.  How can I resist at that point?Well, she was correct across the board.  Huge and delicious!Breakdown - 3 soft drinks, 1 well cocktail, 2 pizzas, 1 dessert big enough to share - under $40.00.  (A $6 dollar savings on the happy hour pizzas)Great food, lovely setting, spectacular service and made to feel like welcome family members - priceless!Two children that were entertained and fed and happy - we will absolutely be back!Can't wait to try it again for dinner - checking out the menu, there's a LOT I want to try...and based on Kim's review of the osso bucco, I will be in sooner rather than later!
5	Had dinner there when they first opened and have been back several times. They might think I'm a stalker :) I try to get there 2+ times a week their entire menu is yummy if they have the spaghetti special with meatballs make sure to order your tummy will agree. Food is Awesome traditional Italian dishes. My Favorites Osso Bucco hands down full of flavor great portion and priced nicely. Sunday's are 1/2 price on wines bottles . Service is good make sue to ask for Don ( Server) he will direct you with menu and everything he has recommended was DELI SH. Make sure to save room for Maria's cheese Cake it's out of this world. All in all if your looking for great food that doesn't break the bank this is your place very quaint , friendly service !! Gasper running the pizza oven and his wife Maria runs the front of the house show. The owners really welcome you like your family and well the food is GREAT !!!
4	Brilliant!!!! let me explain....i have been to gaspers, several times and it is always a great evening. The service is always exceptional and the food is pretty damn good!! Appetizers: We love the bruschetta, its not on the menu any more, but Maria & Gasper still have it made for us - melted brie & prosciutto!!! delish and the bread isnt too crust that it breaks and ruins the toppings...honestly its delish and i woule love to eat it every day, but alas my thighs would hate me!!We also frequently get the panzanella salad which is very good.Entrees:Rigatoni e ricotta!! Hands down the best - amazing - perfectly cooked penne and fabulous sauce - this is our stand-by, always good!!Mushroom pappardelle - also consistently very very good. the mushrooms are delicate and tasty and this is a nice alternative to a tomato or cream sauce.Bolognese - pretty damn good (not as good as my all-time fave at the parlor)the kicker is to add meat balls to ANYTHING!!! OMG - why are they so tender and delicious - is there a secret ingredient of crack added?? we LUV them, but sadly Maria only makes them on the weekends....  :(Strozzapreti - their version of carbonara - good in theory but way too salty and i didnt like the pasta (multi-colored corkscrews?? not really restaurant quality). however the asparagus & meat had great flavor, but the cream sauce ...less salt please!!Veal Marsala- my mom ordered this once, she loves veal & she was a little disappointed with this, not tender and sort of dry she said. so of course i shared my rigatoni with her!!Desserts:Cannoli: yum yum yum.tiramisu: my son almost died, really really delicious thats all that we talked about for days!!cheesecake: only my mom's is better!! i never eat cheesecake out because most of the time its crap - but  Marias is delicious!! she only makes it sometimes....Drinks:Chocolate martini anyone? delicious!!!decent wine list (i love the menage a trois) best to buy a bottle...Overall:go!!! a little pricey, but delicious and fun!! as many times as weve been weve never gotten pizza...well theres always this week!!!
5	We were tired and searching for a place to eat while visiting a friend at PCH. While driving around, we found this place.I am not sure why this place is called a pizzeria; it is more along the lines of a decent Italian restaurant. They have pizza, but you are not going to want to get take out for a family of 6 on a limited budget.What an incredible find! We love Italian food, and this place rocked. Like another reviewer, our waitress was Josephine, and she was incredible. Kept our glasses filled with iced tea, personable, friendly, and helpful. She said she is Sicilian, and moved to Arizona after living in New York.I had the Spaghetti Bolonese, and my wife had the Margherita Pizza. Both incredible. They have a wood-fired oven with a brick floor...made the pizza and the bread incredible!My wife has Italian ancestry, and has been to Italy. She claims the food, including the pizza, is as close to authentic as she's seen in the states.The price is reasonable, but it's not fast food. Entrees were around $12-18 each, pizzas were under $10.
4	I was a huge fan of Zest and miss it, but Gasper's is a fine replacement. I have to admit I was a fan of the darker more romantic atmosphere, but Gasper's has lightened up the space a bit and it works fine. I would recommend they add a few windows to complete it. The staff is certainly spot on. Every server I noticed was very pleasant and took good care of their tables.Let me start by saying this is not a Pizzeria. It is an Italian Restaurant with dang good Pizza. We started off with the Panzanella Bread Salad (Highly Recommend), Calamari (Some of the best I have had. I liked the sauce).We ordered a couple of Pizzas and Osso Bucco. Everyone loved them and I loved one of the Pizza's that I tried. Really good Pizza but not the kind that would taste the same by the time you got it home, which is a good thing.I had the Chicken Saltimbocca, It is Chicken flattened out and rolled up with Prosciutto, cooked then sliced like a loaf served over Spinach and a HEARTY Meat Sauce. The Chicken was a tad dry, but the sauce more than made up for it. I dipped the Chicken in the sauce and it was fine. Save some bread to finish the sauce because it is fantastic.My only regret is that we did not have room for desert. The deserts sounded fantastic. The Poached Pear was one that caught my ear. We will have to make another visit.
4	After reading Bill's review, I was intrigued.  I had been a fan of Zest for a long time.  Tonight we were at the parking lot of the restaurant we were supposed to have dinner.  After reading his review, my husband and I decided to turn around and try Gasper's.  I am glad we did.  We had a great time.  We decided to sit at the bar, since we used to do so when it was Zest.  Maryam was very nice.  My husband had a margarita and I started with the St. Francis zinfandel. Such a yummy wine.  We ordered our calzone with mushrooms, arugula, eggplant and prosciutto.  That was a great choice.  Lacey's review mentioned the mushroom papardelle, so I decided to give it a try.  Another great choice, it reminded me of the times my dad and I used to make pasta on Sundays.  We had the tiramisu for dessert, I couldn't pass that up.  I don't remember the name of the magician, but he was very entertaining.  We are definitely coming back with friends for another great experience. Of course I will have to go on a diet for a couple of days before coming back.
4	On Friday, I decided to try yet another italian restaurant in my quest to find a restaurant that serves NY quality food. We were greeted very nicely and asked if we wanted a large booth or a table. We opted for the large booth (I love booths).  The server identified himself as Don--friendly and clean cut.  He asked if we had been there before and when we said no, he was quick to tell us that the food at Gaspar's is AMAZING.  He told us the owners were from Silicy and NY (which peaked my interest.)  I ordered the pasta puttanesca and pointed out that the menu did not indicate anchovies in it. (Puttanesca sauce usually has anchovies.)  He quickly said, no problem--will add anchovies.  (Great, so far, so good.)My husband as usual complicates matters.  He wanted chicken parmagiana with no cheese and wanted slices of eggplant on the chicken.  We asked Don what the upcharge was for adding the eggplant and after checking with chef, he said there was no upcharge. (Ka-ching!)While waiting for our orders, Don brought a bread basket full of a thin flatbread type, a cross between foccacia and pita, drizzled with olive oil with garlic and black pepper. YUM, YUM.  We inhaled the bread basket and without asking Don made sure we got a second helping. (Very cool, Don.)Our plates arrived beautifully presented.  Then we tasted.  My puttanesca sauce was indeed amazing.  At that point, I yearned for a glass of port wine to go with my meal.  My husband's chicken eggplant dish was enough for two people and I must say I have NEVER seen a chicken cutlet as large and thick as the one he got, slathered with delicious marinara sauce with the eggplant on it as well.  You know I had to taste his chicken dish and it was indeed AMAZING just as Don had said.  We didn't have room for dessert but Don told us that they are all home made by the owner.  Maybe next time.  AND there WILL be a next time!  What I don't understand is:WHY AREN'T PEOPLE FLOCKING TO GASPAR'S?????  Maybe because it's  a new restaurant (since July) .I am giving this glowing review because they earned it so I want to assure all that I don't work for the restaurant nor am I an investor.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I was charged $8 for 4 ounces of port wine.  It was a small glass, half full.  I think they  have to rethink that part.   I didn't say anything about it then because Don and the food had been so AMAZING.  What a great evening! I'll be back when Don's on duty--he made us feel like royalty.
5	Another reviewer mentioned the puttanesca, which was indeed fantastic - but I'll take mine without the anchovies, thanks.  I can somehow never get away from the Vesuvio pizza, though.  It's very similar to the Diavola at Cibo, with one major difference - I'm never full when I leave Cibo.  I've always got a couple slices left over from Gasper's, perfect for breakfast or lunch the next day (I'm a heathen, sue me).After recounting the few times I've been here, I've never had anything less than exceptional service, and the food is always great.  It's never crowded, either - famous last words.
5	This is an excellent Italian restaurant in mid-town.  The owners both came to the table just to chat and see if they could get us anything.  The food was awesome (I had the salmon).  Also, there is a server there named Don who is one of the funniest and most entertaining people I've ever met in a restaurant.  Definitely give this one a try.
5	Last night for dinner my grandma was craving some pasta so I turned to trustworthy Yelp for some help to find a place with pasta open on a Sunday.  To start we ordered the Bruschetta which was served heaping portions on the bread.  It was very messy to eat and yet so good.  They also brought out some foccacia bread which was wood fired and amazing.  It made me want to get the pizza.  Since we were on the pasta theme I had the linguini with clams and finally I get REAL CLAMS IN THE SHELLS.  I was blown away by the pasta and I can't wait to go back.  The white wine and garlic sauce was excellent and the non canned clams just made it perfect.  This place is amazing if you have a chance check it out.  I will for sure be back many times now and I am very curious of how the pizza is.  The prices were perfect for the quality and portion size.  The place was not busy but I am sure when more try this place out that will change.
4	Came here on a Friday night for Jesse's birthday.  It's right up the street from our humble abode, which adds the awesome cuz we're definitely coming back.Before embarking on our quest, I browsed the Gasper's site and found that I could make an online reservation.  So I did.  Not that we really needed it, we were chomping early so the place wasn't anywhere near capacity.  Upon walking in I scoped the interior and found it to be tres bitchin.  Mood lighting and cool wall things and other things as well which were cool, I gotta say someone put their big boy decorating pants on.At first I thought our server was a miserable bitchy Buzz Killington, but she turned out to be very awesome, just rough around the edges.  We immediately ordered the bruschetta, which was prepared fresh so it took some time.  This we made do with, even though I was foaming at the mouth.  The wait was worth it, as the bruschetta  was awesome.  So were our entrees.  I had the salmon and Jesse ordered her trusty chicken parm.  At one point, one of the other servers faked like he was going to topple our tough old broad server's tray.  Her eyes flashed and she almost came unhinged on the poor flamboyant fellow.  Easily the highlight of my night.Jesse's highlight was the pumpkin cheesecake, delivered on-the-house by the owner since it was our first time there.  All in all, this place rocks.  Check it out post-haste.
1	All these great reviews, we were anxious to try it.  Got there about 5:45pm on a Friday night.  We get in the door and are greeted promptly (more like blocked from walking in more than 2 feet) with "I'm sorry there's a private party tonight."  After silent staring at each other a bit, we turned to leave.  REALLY?  On a Friday night?  We won't be back.
4	We had been driving by this place for weeks, making mental note to try it some time. We finally did. The space is de3corated nicely but not overly cutesy. The wife of the husband and wife ownership duo seated us. She made the meatballs that day, she said, and we should try them. Excellent recommendation. I can't remember what type of pizza we ordered because of those meatballs.There is a wood-fired oven visible that all the pizzas are cooked in. We also tried the appetizer platter that had calamari, fried ravioli and bruschetta. All was good. A pet peeve of mine is greasy or too-salty fried calamari. This was neither. They have a full bar. It's pushing the envelope between casual and fine dining, at least price-wise. But the food was authentic and tasty. I will definitely be going back.
3	I went back to Gasper's as my first experience was just amazing.  Well the pizza was just a-ok.  With that said I still will come back for the amazing pasta but I had so much hope the pizza would be that same level of amazing goodness.  I am a pizza snob so I am very picky with my pie and this was a good one just not the greatness their pasta had.
4	Went here with my folks on a Saturday night.  Not super busy but it was delicious and I'm glad I came.  Had roasted mushroom salad, the Regina pizza and veal marsala.  The salad was sweet which was a surprise and I likely won't order it again as it was a pretty standard mix of mushrooms.  I was thinking there'd be somethign exotic especially if the mushrooms are the highlight.The Regina pizza was delicious.  Prosciutto, Arugula, shaved parmagiano.  The real plus was that we had leftovers the next day and the pizza didn't completely fall apart like the ones I've had a Cibo.  No leftovers on the veal, and the sauce was so tasty that we kept going back for more with the little nibbles of bread crust that they serve to snack on (like pita chips but made of bread dough).All in all, delicious and will be back!
4	Jaspers does well at exactly what it promises -  "casual Italian".  I've had the hand-tossed pizzas numerous times and was pleased with every one.  The dough is made on site and is a nice, thin blend of crisp and chewy like I've had in southern Italy.  The only pasta I've tried is the spaghetti with bolognese, with meatballs and sausage.  Quite yummy.  Be advised that the meatballs and sausage will be offered to you, but it may not be mentioned there is an extra charge for each.  In a meat-craving mood they are well worth it; but when feeling less carnivorous the bolognese alone would be plenty satisfying.  I've also had several of the salads, all of which are fresh and crisp.  Overall, great casual Italian.  Not gourmet-out-of-this-world, but really good, and consistently so.The wine list is all Italian, but I'd rate it only OK.  They have a number of  wallet -friendly selections, but there are many better ones on the market at similar price points.   The cream puffs, if available, are a light and fluffy yet deliciously decadent way to end the evening.  The cannoli are also nice, but go for the cream puffs.The service has always been attentive and pleasant.  At times several of the waitresses may seem overly attentive, but they are so honestly wanting their guests to enjoy the place that it's endearing instead of annoying.  Kind of makes you feel like family.  The big room in back is available for groups, and I've seen a group back there almost every time I visit.
2	UPDATED A COUPLE MONTHS AFTER THIRD VISIT:I've lowered the stars a bit.  Had a couple coupons, so visited again.  The pasta went downhill, and on third visit, didn't even really like the pizza as much.  Service was still just okay at best.  I've moved this into the category of "old school" Italian restaurants that aren't very upscale or authentic, but that a lot of people, especially older people, enjoy because it's very much like the 1950's or 1960's "Version" of an Italian restaurant.  Probably deserves somewhere between 2 and 3 star.  I doubt I will be back.  It's just not my bowl of pasta.ORIGINAL REVIEW:It looks like a hole in the wall kind of restaurant from the street.  One lightbulb was burnt out on the sign, for example.  But once you walk in, it's an eclectic, fun blend of a 1950's "americanized Itallian" restaurant and one of the downtown urban chic minimalist restaurants.  Very unique, very fun.  Service was friendly, but the high-school aged waiter wasn't very attentive.  Water glasses were empty several times, had to flag him down after 10 minutes after meal to get the check.  So service is maybe 3 stars, possibly 2.  But I really felt that it could have just been bad luck with the waiter or possibly just a busy night.  So I'm not holding it against them too much.Food was four stars.  The complimentary appetizer "pizza dough" bread with drizzled olive oil and spices was chewy and outstanding.  The calimari was 5 star, and would be ordered again.  The pizza margarita was terrific and large, and tasted great then and the next day for breakfast.  At $8, it was a steal, and will be ordered again.The $14 chicken parm was hearty.   Instead of thin chicken, it was like two medium sized regular breasts breaded and deep fried, then served with shaved sheets of cheese. My wife found it salty, but I found it tasty, as did my daughter.  We struggled to finish it.  I'd give it 4 stars.My wife ordered the mushroom Parpadelle.  It was excellent, EXCEPT for one thing... it as too al dente.  I mean, she's itallian and like al dente, but this felt like it had been boiled for about 1/2 the time.  We were in a time pressure situation, and it was still edible and tasty, so we didn't return or complain.  But clearly the chef needs to test his pasta before sending it out.  The sauce was great however.  So 2 stars, obviously.Altogether, we will be back.  I will likely order 3 pizzas for my family of four, or maybe 2 pizzas and an appetizer.  Value felt very fair.  It's not cheap food, but it's not $20 pasta entrees, and at $14 I felt fairly priced. Service could be more attentive, and consistency of food could be slightly better, but I feel very comfortable with 4 stars and  a solid recommend.
4	Today I was heartbroken over the info that one of my favorite Italian restaurants had closed. A friend, trying to cheer me up, told me to try "Gaspers". I never heard of it. It opened last July. SOOOOOO, since I had a teacher event at the Science Center I headed out early and went. It was a nice event. I got there before they opened and the first thing Ari the hostess said was, "Oh no problem come on in." Ok, so great service right from the start. I had a nice conversation with Ari ( hostess and new Sundevil) throughout my dinner. ASU talk is always great and she told me the owners were from NY. I am always looking for a taste of home. My waiter was attentive-owhhhh did not catch his name, maybe Dave? ( I heard the owner screaming it from the kitchen- ahwhhh NY memories) Food-  I started with the Caprese Salad, as usual. Good! I wasn't a fan of the pita bread they give you though, since it was burnt on the bottom.  I am old fashion and like the soft inside hard outside Italian bread with the dipping olive oil/vinegar. Pizza- they did not have an Italian sausage pizza on the menu but they made me one. It is hard to find good sausage here and it is great here. Reminds me back home. The pizza was very good, not NY style, Woodbrick type which I don't like as much. However, so far this has been one of the best I have had in Phx. I don't like the bottom burnt and all the other places tend to do that. They did not burn it for me so happy me. Although my diet cried with regrets, I ordered the Cannolis and they brought me these two huge delish, wonders. I got to take one home. They were fantastic!( hope their tiramasu is as good) The cannolis  have an orange seal or something of the other orangey in it that makes it a little more unique. Final story-happy and stuffed me. I will be back. Hey, they have happy hour every day( Mondays closed)  for cheaper food prices and bar specials. Wanna go? LOL! MANGA!
5	MMMMM I came here tonight because I had bought a living social deal (20$ for 40$) and wanted to use it. It went way beyond my expectations. The outside kind of looks like it could have been a strip club (was it?), but the inside was so pretty. It was warm and inviting and the table we were sitting at had a red comfy couch bench. woot to that. We ordered the bruschetta (which my bf mispronounced and was corrected by I believe the woman owner of the restaurant). It was sooo good. It had a thick, sweet, obviously aged balsamic over the top that was wonderful and the tomato was incredibly fresh. They also gave us pizza crust type bread with the meal that was very good. For entrees I ordered the in house made raviolis and the bf ordered fusilli strozzapreti (also mispronounced, lol). Mine was ok, BUT the bf's was sooooo good. It had little pieces of bacon and asparagus and the freshest tasting peas and garlic *drool* Why does he always order better than me? We finished with the tiramisu which was made by our server......... ohhh so good. It was just perfect, not too heavy, not too light, just yum. Also, we got cappuccino, which was some of the best I have had in phoenix. Overall, this place was awesome, and oh, did I mention the whole thing came out to 47$!?!?! So affordable. I will be back.
4	I've given myself a little bit of time to cool down and write a proper review of Gasper's without all of the excitement. I have to say though, Gasper's was damn good! When I think of Italian restaurants, I start presuming that I know every flavor that is going to hit my mouth, and unfortunately, my presumptions usually steer me clear of dining at a lot of Italian restaurants. But on Valentine's Day I told my girlfriend to pick a spot for a date and I promised that I wouldn't put up much of a fight. I'm so happy I didn't because I had one of the best meals I've had out in a while!Here's what we got (we went a little overboard, but took a bunch home):Antipasti Platter -  Bruschetta! Caprese! Toasted Ravioli! Fried Calamari! Everything was so good! My first bite was the calamari and it sure made me feel grateful that I was at Gasper's. The second bite was calamari again but with marinara and (holy crap) that was delicious! I was not expecting marinara to be so tasty. Third bite, bruschetta, and "Mmm!" There were little pieces of freshly chopped garlic in it and it packed a wonderful punch! The caprese and toasted ravioli were good but they didn't stand out as much as the others.Cheese Ravioli w/ Bolognese & Meatballs - I really thought, again, that I knew exactly what to expect, but I didn't. The ravioli was perfecto and the bolognese was some of the best I've had out at a restaurant. The meatballs though, those were the prize of this dish. There was a distinct flavor to them, unlike any other restaurant that I've had meatballs from. Each bite made me want more; I was impressed.Al Sole Pizza (we were at a pizzeria...had to try some, right?) - Oh, boy... This pizza was fantastic. Mozzarella, sun-dried tomatoes, fontina, garlic and basil. So. Flippin'. Tasty. The crust was good and slightly charred on the edges for flavor. Cream Puff - Now, I was ready to stop, but the girlfriend insisted. When it came out, it was beautiful, and I already knew how rich it was going to be. Take a look at the pictures and see for yourself. We did not take any of it home. I had such a good time at Gasper's. The food was surprisingly unique and undeniably delicious. The staff was extremely friendly and tried to make it an enjoyable experience. It's almost certainly a 5 star joint, but I need to go back to make sure my first experience wasn't a fluke. Expect an update! Thanks, Gasper!
4	Bruschetta, you stole my heart.
5	HOLYSTINKINGWOW!Dropped by here tonight after going to our foster parenting meeting.  Expected a tiny little pizza place in a crappy area of town.  Not even close.  Well, on the one part.Outside is a bit intimidating.  The signage isn't great, there is no lighting on the "Gasper's" on the outside of the building, and you would drive right by it if you weren't looking for it.When we walked in we were greeted by the owner - with a smile.  She took us to a table for seating (it was crowded for a Wednesday night!) and then she immediately changed her mind and asked if we would like couch seating.  HECK YES!  Very perceptive.  We were already happy.The interior is SO comfy!  Warm, inviting, great staff, amazing decor (hodge podge but cozy).  Toasted Ravioli - We cleaned the plate in less than 5 minutes between the 2 of us.  Outstanding.Suvio Pizza - we probably would have eaten the entire thing had we not had a pasta course coming.  This pie was soooo, so delish.  A bit on the greasy side (but not over-the-top) and just... savory goodness.Cannoli - I don't even LIKE cannolis and this thing was perfect! Our waitress was on top of things.  Great with suggestions... sweet, knowledgable, and - best of all - a NATIVE Italian!  Oh yes!We are looking forward to going back and ordering more of the same as well as some new dishes.  I am bummed I forgot to leave my Yelp! card though!
4	At first glance, wasn't sure I would like the place. But I was wrong, and sometimes it is good to be wrong. Hostess was very nice. Waitress was also very nice. Food was great. The antipasta and Visuvio 12" pizza was awesome! Atmosphere was great. Will go back again.
1	Burnt pizza .. 45 min wait for food that was bland and mediocre.  On top of that they said the special was a shrimp pasta but really it was a regular dish with 3 shimp's that they added 5 bucks to my bill for. It was supposed to have truffle oil but instead I got a bowl of pasta drenched in olive oil and water.  I can't believe I paid for this I was just happy to get out of here.  The service was slow and food wasn't worth the wait.
5	So the food is like 4 stars but the stellar service deserves 5 and then some! My husband hates the neighborhood and upon entry, no one was there to greet us until I coughed really loudly - we were wary at first but after the initial entry, it was a rollercoaster of nonstop WHOA! Walking into the dining room we were taken aback by the homey but intimate feel of the place. There were two long planters filled with blue mosaic glass and lit from underneath creating a whimsical glow, two long cozy red couch lined tables at either end of the dining room, and a wood burning pizza oven near the kitchen where you could see them actually baking bread!  They brought out some fresh "foccacia" that was brushed with olive oil and spices - I wouldn't so much call it a foccacia as a flat bread but who really cares, it was DELICIOUS! Crisp on the outside, soft and warm on the inside; my child likened it to eating "really yummy pizza crust"! Then came the apps. We did the antipasti platter for 2 and it was HUGE! There wasn't a thing on that plate that didn't blow us away - the calamari was crispy and covered half the plate (yay for tentacles!), the ravioli and caprese were great too but the bruschetta, OH THE BRUSCHETTA! It was simply INCREDIBLE! Our entrees came next - they were decent but nothing that blew our minds. I had the mushroom pappardelle, my husband went with the chicken Marsala, and my kids split the asparagus capellini. I was thinking that since this place is Gasper's Pizzeria we probably should have gotten at least one pizza but live and learn! The standout at dinner was definitely the peas that accompanied the Marsala dish. I don't know what was in them but they were like no other peas we had ever had - crisp, sweet, slightly charred, and OMG! After dinner our server convinced us to try dessert. She brought two cannolis and another HOME RUN! I usually hate cannolis with their nasty shells, gross pudding type filling, and raunch chocolate chips but this was none of the above. There were two crispy shells filled with a thick creamy filling laced with a lemony scent and dusted with confectioners sugar, no chocolate chips to be found and after 5 minutes, nothing left on the plate at all! The food was great, the service was stellar, and we will definitely be coming back - especially since this morning I woke up with an intense craving for cannoli...
5	Mmmmmmmmmm....Gaaaaaaaaspers!  Mary S. took me here (see her review below) and we definitely enjoyed ourselves.  The fresh bread they brought out enticed me right away and their menu choices for creative pasta and meat dishes did as well.  I had so much trouble choosing off the menu, that our super nice waiter talked me into one of their specials.  It was a chicken dish that had a lemon sauce to die for!  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the sauce was not too tart or thinned out.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and ate way more than I normally do.  Mary let me try a piece of her margherita pizza that she had them add sausage to and I must say, it is way better than the pizza over at Pizzeria Bianco.  It wasn't burnt on the bottom or edges and the toppings were flavorful...and I didn't have to wait in line for 2 hours to eat it!  We agonized over the dessert menu and finally decided to share the cheesecake.  It did not disappoint and was moist as moist can be.  Yum!  Gasper's definitely requires a return trip, or two, or three!
5	I have eaten here three times and I now have a fav new restaurant in Phx. It is the best in Phx for NY Itailan foodies. Manga!
4	My husband and I went to Gasper's last night for dinner. We found another coupon on restaurant.com ($10 for a $25 gift card).Food was delicious! We split a salad, pasta and pizza and we both really impressed with the food, the service and the atmosphere. We will be going back!
5	Recently visited this place twice. Had the chicken parm one day, and a pizza the other day. The chicken parm was good, but the pizza was better. Went for lunch on both occasions. They just recently started opening up for lunch, so they were not real busy. It was nice and quiet and relaxing. They never make you feel rushed. A great place to go with a friend if you want to relax and chat for a while. My friend and I shared a pizza (12 inches) and each ordered a salad. For dessert, I had cheesecake one day and tiramisu the other. The dessert portions were very generous and perfect for sharing. The desserts are made fresh daily, and were fantastic!What I liked best about Gaspers was that you don't feel like you are in a restaurant. You feel like you are in someones home that has invited you to dinner. On both occasions, the owner (Maria) explained the dfferent items on the menu and made recommendations. We will definitely go back!
4	This place is great! I've been there twice.  The first time I ordered a pizza to go from the bar, and the second time I took my parents for dinner.  The first time I was there, the order got mixed up, but when I called them they fixed it and had a fresh pizza waiting for me when I returned.  The staff is friendly and nice.  I think it makes a great date night or just a place to hang out at the bar.  It's quiet and there aren't a lot of people, so it makes a great place for those who want to avoid crowds.
5	It only took two visits until I knew owner operator Maria and Gasper by name. This elevated the family atmosphere experience to a whole new level. Now, when I travel to Phoenix for business as I do so often it is more like sitting down in my mothers kitchen than it is getting a bite to eat in a strange city. I focus on the Pizza and it is simply phenomenal. Ask Maria what a good red wine is for the evening and you have a pair that is beyond succulent. Want to take a break from that diet? Then finish the meal with Maria's Cheesecake. OH MY GOODNESS! Yes, I took a picture of it and texted it to my wife. I know, not funny but I couldn't help it. I travel all over the world and Gaspers is one of those places you just fall in love with and make your own. Bravo to my new friends Maria and Gasper!
3	I've driven past Gasper's I don't know how many times thinking "I've gotta try that place".  It's less than a mile from my house and I was a huge fan of Zest (the restaurant that previously occupied this space), but somehow never made it in.  Until tonight.  And I'm so glad I finally did.The atmosphere is a bit kitschy (Frank Sinatra music, cheesy decor, etc), but in an adorable sort of way.  We started with the bruschetta, which was awesome-- very garlicky (which always earns points with me).  We went for the margarita pizza and the flavors were fantastic. The sauce and cheese were perfect and the fresh basil added a nice subtle flavor-- exactly what pizza should taste like. My only minor qualm is with the texture-- like good wood fired pizza should be, the outer crust was crunchy and delicious.  Unfortunately, the pizza was a bit soggy in the center-- probably from the oven not being hot enough. The owner, Maria, assured us that the oven gets up to 1000 degrees, so this may have just been a fluke, but still- it loses a star for that.  The service was hit and miss.  Our server was very friendly... when she was around, but she was often absent.  It took a good 15 minutes to get a glass of wine once I'd ordered it, and the bar was not busy.  She seemed very busy, and especially preoccupied with another table-- who we found out later seemed to be relatives or personal friends of hers.  She wasn't lazy by any means-- we saw her buzzing around tables all night-- but other servers seemed idle.  There appeared to be sufficient staff, but they weren't being utilized effectively for a busy Saturday night. We finished with the cheesecake, which Maria told us she'd made just that day and it was delicious.  It wasn't as cold as I believe cheesecake should be, but this may have been because it hadn't been out of the oven long enough!All in all, it was a solidly satisfactory dining experience-- and since it's so close to our house and so reasonably priced, we'll definitely be back.  The 4th and 5th stars are pending-- a more thoroughly cooked center to the pizza and better service and this place will be WINNING.
5	So this place continues to be delicious. The BF and I went here on saturday night with his parents for his b day. The woman owner was super sweet and made sure we were well taken care of. We ordered a pizza to share as an appetizer and it was wonderful. We hadn't had the pizza before, and it truly was great. It was italian style, kind of like Bianco, and the crust was that perfect thin but not crispy consistency. The one we got had sun dried tomatoes, roasted garlic, and fontina and it was so tasty! the garlic was that perfect kind of sweet garlic. I ordered the fettuccine alla burina and it was soooo good. It had a creamy garlic sauce and little english peas, prosciutto, and mushrooms. It was great. So the BF ordered the asparagus capellini, which was surprisingly delicious. I usually find pasta with just olive oil and veggies kind of boring, but this one was exceptional. I think it's because the veggies are so flavorful. We also got tiramisu (of course) and it was just as good as I remember. This is probably my favorite italian restaurant in the valley, it is great! I have not had a bad thing here.
4	Twice now, once for dinner, then once for lunch. Dinner with some chick (she had a groupon) was above our expectations. We were one of only 3 tables in the joint, and both the service & food were top notch. They have Moretti, which is the Miller Lite of Italy, and something I always ask for at Italian restaurants. My chick's mixed drinks were good. We had a full meal, an app, salads, the Vesuvius (sp?) pizza & canolis. I have to say it was all pretty yum. Our app was the Italian meats & cheeses platter and it was soooo good. The salads were above average and we both agreed that the pizza was perfectly done and very tasty. A little heat (not too much), which was actually a little milder than what you would expect from a pizza named after a volcano. The canoli was good but not great. Would do dinner again.Went back for lunch with one of the principals of my company and we both had the lunch special -- House salad, minestrone soup & chicken parm sandwich combo for $10 each.   Simple, quick, affordable & we were both extremely happy with the meal.  Once again there was nobody in the place - we were literally the only table during the hour or so we were there.  I just hope they get more busy -- would hate to see this place close down.   Pay attention people this is a great restaurant!
5	This place is a must!  The calamari, was delicious!  We had a large party in the back room. Had a wonderful time.  I don't live in Arizona and was visiting.  Will go back next time I am in town.  We had a great time, great food & great service!LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My Dad likes Italian food, but only real good Italian food. And Gasper's is definitely extraordinarily good Italian food. The pizza at Gasper's is nothing short of excellent. I ate here a few times with my human parents and they say that the pasta dishes that they had were also very good. The owners are also very, very nice people that we got to know while living three months in the Phoenix area. My Dad says the only regret was that when we moved away, we could not take Gasper's with us!
5	Best pizza great italian food love  maria and gasper are the best hosts
4	If The Parlor wasn't closed on Sundays I might never have gone to Gasper's, which would have been tragic. The decor conjures images of days past, days of sharkskin shoes and martini lunches. That is to say, it's pretty neat. I've sampled the bruschetta, calamari, and a host of pizzas. Everything has been delicious, with bold flavors and good preparation. The service has always been spectacular, though to be honest I've always had the same guy. I very much enjoy having the option of grabbing a tasty pie to bring home after a hard day of work. Gaspar's is that option.
3	Another Friday evening venture for my dinner crew and I, this time it was my birthday so the occasion was meant to be a special one.  There were seven of us in attendance and we were all looking forward to some great Italian!!  Matt, Ashley, Rosealyn, Yasmin, Michael, Mom and I were all there along with Mike & Yasmin's new baby girl, Kylie.Remember, this is a FRIDAY night, not a Tuesday.  I feel the best time to rate a place is when they are at their highest stress levels.  When we arrived in the parking lot, I was surprised at the lack of cars.  Please lets pray this is not an indication of their food.  It wasn't, read on.  The table was loaded up with their version of bruschetta, coverd in Olive Oils and Garlic, it was nice but not what I came in to eat.  We started with a round of drinks, and a few appetizers.  Margherita Pizza, Beef Carpaccio and a Caprese Salad.  The Pizza was great, fresh and dripping with sauce and cheese.  The Carpaccio took a few people back a notch as they were not in the habit of eating raw beef but I made everyone try it and they all complimented the flavors.  The Caprese Salad was made with fresh Mozzarella and Tomatoes and was delish! Dinner selections varied.  We tried the Spaghetti Bolognese, Veal Marsala, Veal Piccata, Chicken Parmigiana, Eggplant Parmigana and Osso Buco.  Everything had to have been made to order as it took an eternity to get the food to the table.  When it finally arrived, I saw that most everyone was happy with their selections but there were a few dissatisfiers, none of which were about to be resolved without issue so we dropped it.  However, the veal was WAY too tough.  Veal should be so soft you can cut it with a dull spoon, ours was not.  more like something forgotten while the chef was busy with the other dishes.  Too bad.  The Osso Buco was a take-home item and I felt for the price it was not "all-that", not terrible, just not worth twice the price of everything else on the menu.  Time for dessert.  A few slices of Tiramisu, some Canoli's and a slice of NY Style Cheese cake rounded the night.  Without question, the Tiramisu and Canoli were the hit of the evening.  I would go back just for the dessert.  Their wine selection was nice, well rounded and available by the glass or bottle on most items.  Now, here are a few pointers as well as some things to watch out for.  First, the A/C either wasn't working or they are afraid to have a high electric bill as this place was HOT HOT HOT!!  Bring your own fan to keep the air circulating!!  Next, DO NOT expect to get in and out of this place in a hurry.  It's just NOT going to happen!  Plan on a night relaxing evening when you have no where else to go so you can enjoy yourself.  Lastly, my good friend Rosealyn made the reservations for us and bought a $100 gift certificate on line from Restaurant.com for $22.50! Nice!!  The Deal of the Day, right???  The "Catch" is that you have to spend at least $200 on your tab and that DOES NOT include liquor!  WHAT!?!?!  Oh no, we're in trouble!!  In order to use it, we ended up taking home several dinner orders as well as desserts just to make up the difference.  Better to buy a $50 certificate and bring the tab up to $100 to apply it, that's what we should have done.  Oh well, you live and learn.  All in all it was a great meal for most everyone.  The few food faux pas were not horrible but unexpected and could have been avoided by the chef.  Table service was OK but I felt there could have been more attention paid to a larger party like our.  Will I go back??  Certainly!!  I was not steered away by the correctable issue and the food was on the better end of the scale.  I think if you like authentic Italian, this is a great example!!  Enjoy!!
5	True taste of Sicily. Our visit started with a very knowledgeable bar tender who recommended a great bottle of wine. The mean and cheese plate included fresh cheeses, grilled veggie and very good salami. The prosciutto was more of a ham style then a cured meat but the ap was incredible. Ordered 3 specialty pies. Each one has fresh and delicious ingredients and cooked to perfection. The chef/owner greeted us and asked how everything was. And helped us wrap it up with a lemon cheese cake that was light and delicious. The atmosphere and staff was welcoming and warm. A classic Italian restaurant with fresh Sicilian tastes. Bravo!
5	VERY happy to have found Gasper and Maria's place.  The food is consistently delicious.  The ingredients are fresh, well chosen for each dish and so flavorful.  The Fettuccine alla Burina was the best mash-up of carbonara/alfredo that I've had.  It was neither alfredo nor carbonara but its own very yummy thing.  The eggplant is thin and crispy with sauce just tangy enough but not too much so.  Pappardelle is a favorite macaroni and its made here with mushrooms and garlic and just enough truffle oil.  Could use a bit more salt as it was cooked but very tasty.Must, must, must have one or two or three of Maria's homemade desserts.  Cheesecakes are appropriately dense yet somehow light, and the cannoli is the best I've had in Arizona - much better than the usual overly sweet kind offered elsewhere.Service is reliable, personable and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere is just friendly enough.My new favorite Italian joint.
5	Ok, to be honest, I haven't actually been to the restaurant, but my husband brought me home the Spaghetti Bolognese for dinner.  Holy moly even re-heated it is some of the best pasta sauce I've had!  Delicious!  I can't wait to actually come in to the restaurant and try more food.  You have successfully satisfied this pregnant lady's craving.  Thanks Gasper's!
4	She's sassy, she's charismatic, she's Maria Manno and if you've ever wanted to know what its like to have a gorgeous Italian mother, I mean younger sister, than I have the place for you, Gasper's Casual Italian Eatery. Along with husband Gasper we were made to feel like a part of their family with a laid back atmosphere, fantastic Italian food and some of the most reasonable prices I've seen with cooking of this quality. While Maria is busy making sure everything is running smoothly in the dining room, Gasper is manning the open pizza kitchen. Let me tell you, he cranks out some mighty fine pies, no wonder the place is named after him, and they're spot on. Before you even get to taste the pizza your table is graced with a basket of freshly baked focaccia bread slathered in nutty olive oil. Be careful not to eat the whole thing, there is so much to try from pasta to plates all the Italian classics are covered.There are two camps when it comes to Toasted Ravioli ($7). Some say that it's a Sicilian Christmas tradition taking ravioli filled with cheese then breaded and deep frying until crisp. While the other camp uses the same preparation, they claim it's strictly a St. Louis invention. Either way we're talking about one tasty belief system. Fried Calamari ($10) is pretty much a mainstay on any menu these days, though few can manage a light fluffy crust while keeping the inside tender and flavorful. A generous squeeze of fresh lemon and a spoonful of marinara sauce and these crispy rings were as good as they get.I'm not sure who Regina ($15) is, but she must have been pretty awesome to have a pizza like this one named after her. Thin slightly charred crust was crisp on the outside chewy on the inside topped with red sauce and cheese then finished with fresh sliced prosciutto, Parmigianino cheese and arugula. This was the perfect balance of salty cured meat countered by the peppery greens. Another favorite the Quattro Formaggi ($13) has the same crust but is covered with mozzarella, fontina, Parmigianino and provolone. The cheeses all played off each other, a milkiness from the mozzarella, a little bit sharp and tangy from the fontina and provolone with a nutty finish from the Parmigianino, its not wine tasting but its certainly has a subtle complexity. If you order one pasta dish make sure it's the Fettuccini all Burina ($14). Ribbons of toothsome pasta bathed in a light cream sauce then tossed with prosciutto, mushrooms and basil was simply perfect. My next favorite was the Rigatoni con Ricotta ($12), thick tubes of pasta were the perfect vehicle for the fresh cheese and tomato sauce, heart and comforting.Don't even get me started about dessert, Maria makes all of them. The Cheesecake ($6.50) was fresh baked that it was still slightly warm. The only time I've had cheesecake like that was when I made it myself and let me tell you what, mine doesn't even compare. If available, be sure to ask about the fresh made Cream Puffs ($6.50). Made with layers of flaky dough then filled with banana or vanilla pastry cream and like the Manno family, they were warm and delightful.Closed Mondays
3	We visited this restaurant on a Thursday night. This was our first time to Gasper's. The exterior of the building is nothing fancy, but don't let this disuade you.  The interior is very welcoming, the bar is nice and the wood-burning oven in the background gives the restaurant a cozy, warm feel.  We made reservations and everything went well when we arrived.  Gasper, the owner,  is a fine host and made it a point to come by and say hello.  He served us some fresh focaccia bread which went well with our wine.  The wine list is ample.  The house salad was great and enough for 2 people to share.  The special of the day was shrimp pasta primavera.  One of the members of our party ordered the special and was very pleased, he is very well traveled and was born in Italy.  His only complaint was that it had a tad too much olive oil, nothing that would make him send the dish back.  Others in our party had the pizza, which was very good and I had the asparagus capellini.  The dish was OK.  The sun-dried tomatoes were overbearing and I wasn't able to savor any of the flavors that probably were in the pasta.  Overall the food was a solid B+.  Our main complaint was with our server, who was very unattentive and very distracted. The restaurant wasn't very busy and having to call over our server was very frustrating. We didn't order dessert, partially because we were irritated by our server.  If the service was better, I easily would have upgraded my star rating.  Gasper's is way better than any chains, i.e. Olive Garden, Bucca di Beppo, Carraba's.  The prices are comprable, but the experience is much more enjoyable.  We look forward to returning to Gasper's to experience other items on the menu.
4	Gasper's may not look like much from the outside but the inside is a whole different story.  This place is super cute inside!  I have been on a "eat local" kick for a while so I was excited to try this place that I had been hearing about from friends.  The people are super nice and seated us right away.  The menu was pretty diverse and has everything from antipasta, salad and pizza to normal pasta dishes.  My bf had penne pasta with a tomato cream sauce and meat balls.  I had the eggplant parm which was great!  The food was amazing and I am so glad that we found this place!There is a lot on the menu that I want to try so I will be returning to this place!  Good Job Gasper's!
5	Excellent food with caring service
4	We live right down the street from Gasper's but this is the first time we've visited.  We actually did take out pizza and was blown away by the crust and quality toppings.  We had friends drop in so brought home three including a Classic Margherita, Quattro Formaggi and a Vesuvio.  All were excellent.  It about as close to Pizzeria Bianco that you can get without the wait!
4	We ate here last night for the first time. We were greeted by Maria, the owner, the moment we walked in. She was so friendly and welcoming; it felt like walked into one of our old favorite Italian places in Chicago. The service was great and the food was too! We will be back. Thanks for the free limoncello shot too, Maria! Yum!
2	Really wanted to like this place more. Food was delish - seriously loved my mushroom pasta and my husbands pizza ruled. Unfortunately this was the extent of the positives. We live a block from here and love supporting the local places; however, this is one local place I will no longer support. Always a sucker for a deal, we found a restaurant.com cert and were ready to use the hell out of it.  Having been a server for many years, I totally get that dreadful feeling a server has when a customer shows up with a coupon. Many times, coupon=cheap=bad tipper. In my experiences anyway.  Let me clarify that this is NOT how I roll. I tip well. Always. Probably too well in most cases. So when a gratuity is added (quite sneakily might I add), a 25% gratuity - frankly, it pisses me off. Big time. Never ever have I had a grat added for a party of 2. Yes I had a coupon and yes we didn't know that it was for food only and not drinks - we dealt with it though, and respectfully. We ordered two pizzas to go and were totally OK with that. I just don't understand why it was necessary to add a 25% grat to our bill. How insulting. Many of these reviews state that the service is often iffy and we felt the same. Our server was nice enough but she was hard to find and was on her phone in the shadows most of the time. The owner schmoozed with most of the tables (except ours lol) probably b/c we were the cheap jerks with a coupon. Whatevs though, we happily signed the check and let her have the greedy tip but we will not be back, even though finding a restaurant with a genuine wood-burnig oven is a rarity. Oh well.
3	Been dancing around trying to go here for almost a year now. Finally did. It is a cozy spot family owned and pocket friendly prices. I ordered a green salad ($5) very large and good price. Hubby ordered fried ravioli and the sauce was very good. For the mains he had chix parm it was good. I ordered a mushroom tagliatelle ($14) with truffle oil. Mine i wasn't very excited about. I didn't taste any truffle oil and it wasn't what I was hoping  for. I don't think we will be back unless I ran out of places to try. It doesn't make the go back list.
3	My family and I visit Scottsdale every year and we have a family friend who lives out in phx who took us to this place. The food is pretty good. The salads and pizza were AWESOME! As far as entrees go, the food was just alright. I ordered the chicken parmigiana which was a bit tough. The chicken breast was not pounded down, which I expect for chicken parm. Gravy was decent. We love Maria though! She is so funny and she loves picking on us Italians. I would definitely come back for some pizza!
5	We discovered Gasper's this week and were delighted. The ambience, the friendliness of the owner and her staff, the delicious food made for a delightful evening. The pizza bakervwas a genius, creating a pizza with no cheese for our allergic friend, with pepperoni, peppers and procuitto on a paper thin crust.My husbands chicken Parmesan was huge, moist and delicious. My eggplant Parmesan was also large , crispy slices of eggplant with a wonderful sauce.The desserts were outstanding. A wonderful chocolate cake with yummy frosting and cannoli, all homemade by the owner, Maria. A truly wonderful experience.      Joan L.
4	Just when I was loosing hope in good food at local mom & pop places I am treated to Gasper's. Our good friends, who are avid foodies, wanted to take us here because they loved it so much. This unassuming place hides a gem inside. The moment you walk in you are treated like family. (Very rare these days.) We even got hugs from the owner (although that may be because our friends were regulars.) The decor is classy but not gaudy or snobby and yet you don't feel out of place wearing jeans.Our waitress was delightful. The owner consulted with us for wine selections. The menu was greatly varied and reasonably priced. All the food had that special home-made taste right down to the sauce. Complex and sophistacated flavors without the highfalutin attitude of other places. I had the Chicken parm and my wife had a seafood stew that I cannot remember the name of. But everything was delish. We wrapped up with a light tiramisu, cappuchino and limoncello shot and I was in gastric heaven. I haven't had such a good experience in a restaurant in a loooonnng time.You must go! Now!
2	This really was nothing special, and not a place I see myself going back to.First up was the bread. I'm not sure if I just got a bad batch, or if it's supposed to be like this. It tasted like someone took saltine crackers, set them on fire, then after they were sufficiently burnt, they were put in the refrigerator for a day or two. It was cold (not room temperature, but actually cold) and tasteless.I ordered the Al Sole pizza, which actually wasn't bad. It was 12 inches, so a pretty good deal for $11, and was more than enough to take some home for breakfast tomorrow. It might be a little inconsistent, with the crust being just shy of burnt and the top a touch soggy. But the flavor was pretty decent.After I had finished, I sat back and basically twiddled my thumbs for 15-20 minutes, with nobody checking up on me. I was planning on ordering dessert, but I did want to get home at some point, so I didn't risk another long wait. Finally the server came by and got me a box, asked if I needed anything else (no), and then proceeded to not get me the check. Finally after another wait the (owner? manager?) came by with the check.Once in a while, I get the feeling that since I usually eat alone and don't order alcohol, I get lower quality service because they wouldn't get as big a tip as with a big party or a big drinker. When I'm alone and treated good, I always tip way above average (30-40%), but not today.
5	Thank you Yelpers for this great little find. I was out there to run the PF Changs RnR and was over by the hoity-toity mall but none of the nearby restaurants were appealing. Opened up Yelp and came across this little nearby gem. Directions were super easy to get to. From the outside this place looks completely questionable. I thought at first that there must have been a mistake but once you open the doors and step in...AHHHmazing!We were greeted right away by a friendly lady who actually didn't "work" there but was there to help out. She continually stopped by to see how we were doing and compared notes on our items. The table next to us were friends with our waiter, which was slightly annoying as they were young college kids that kept interrupting while we were talking with him, but this is definitely a family owned business.The decor is rich and luxurious without being overpowering and the same applies to the food from the calamari to the pasta with mushrooms and my daughters ravioli. The crostini was divine and the cannoli (which was a fresh batch) left me speechless. The college boys next to us got the calzones....Oh.Em.Gee....HUGE and looked so good. Go to Gaspers, you won't go wrong. The service was not "slow" but it's the Italian way...enjoy your time dining, enjoy the company, enjoy the experience, and drink it all in as you sip on a glass of wine. We were there for maybe a bit longer but it was worth it, it's not Olive Garden, and thank goodness it's not. Thank you Gasper's for leaving a lasting impression of Phoenix. Would love to see a location in San Diego....just saying ;)
4	I was late to make a Valentine's reservation and was lucky to find a good time at Gasper's.  I was a little nervous because the building is plain jane, but the comments on yelp were mostly positive.Cute little dining room with with open wood burning oven - quickly seated and taken care of by Maria - I think she's an owner and puts together the menu.Very traditional, non-threatening options - but what we had was well prepared, with fresh ingredients and mighty tasty.  The simple house salad with a home made Italian dressing was refreshing with a hint of citrus.  My much better half had the veal marsala and I had the chicken parmigiana.  Again - not very challenging, but for simple basic Italian - as well prepared as Christos, maybe better.Maria really paid attention, answered questions and even comped us a limonhello.The other patrons appeared to be a mix of neighborhood folks ranging from young daters to retired.  Everyone seemed comfortable and enjoying themselves.We'll return.
4	I have been driving by this place every day since it opened, but was never enticed to check it out because it doesn't have much curb appeal. The curiosity got to me, so I tried it. Boy am I so happy that we stopped in. It's like they say don't judge a book by it's cover. That's exactly what fits the description of this place. Outside it doesn't look like much. In fact we thought the place was closed upon getting there. We were seated immediately, the service was timely and so friendly. Gasper the owner stopped by to check in on us at the end of our meal. - We ordered two pizza's the formagio and Regina. Wow, they were exceptional and I would rate them right up there with Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco. What really appealed to me was the environment, I felt like I was in a little italian villa. It was a great dining experience and highly would recommend it to anyone that lives in Phoenix. I am looking forward to our next meal there.
2	While I would rate the service and ambiance/decor about a 3.5, I am disappointed I cannot give Gasper's a higher rating for their food.  We split the mixed appetizer which consisted of a couple of flavorless toasted ravioli; a "Caprese" something-or-other which consisted of a flavorless tomato slice, basil leaf, and piece of rubbery mozarella doused in olive oil and balsamic. Oh yeah, there was also the calamari which was oddly fishy smelling/tasting and the breading, while light and crispy, tasted far too much like old oil. Next came the house salad--a couple of cucumber slices, a cherry tomato and some lettuce drowned in dressing. The dressing was about 90% vinegar and 10% oil and I think I lost a layer of skin from the inside of my mouth from the acidity. I ordered the roasted mushroom papardelle as an entree. For $16 I expected a little more than plain white button mushrooms and boxed pasta. Pasta is one of the cheapest things to make and buy and I don't understand how a restaurant can justify charging that price when there are no "premium" ingredients. Not to mention the whole dish was completely drowned in olive oil--there was a pool at least 1/4 inch deep at the bottom of the bowl. There supposedly was truffle oil on it as well, and perhaps that's how they justify the price, but there was so little as to be completely undetectable. We ordered the tiramisu for dessert (obvious choice for an Italian restaurant) and were assured that it was homemade by the owner's wife. While the flavor was passable, it was perhaps the driest tiramisu ever made and the super-thick layer of cocoa powder on top that I ended up inhaling made the whole experience rather unpleasant.
2	So we walk in and grab a seat at the bar while waiting for a table and are warned by another group about the service.  Ok, the bartender seemed to be having a bad night and was a bit rude and un-attentive.  Then, we overheard all the other employees complaining about issues with the restaurant and I felt like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares! We finally were given our table and service was a bit slow (thank goodness for all the wine) but not extremely bad.  The waitress (who was really sweet) apologized for the kitchen and comped a dessert.  The 2-star review is mostly for the food since I've just had better italian elsewhere and for cheaper.  We had the calamari which was good but not amazing, the caprese which was fresh and you really can't mess up, the fettucini w/ light cream sauce and the tiramisu.  The sauce on the entree was uneventful and not reduced enough and the peppers were undercooked.  The tiramisu was not the best I've ever had....bit too much cocoa powder on top and a little light on the espresso.  Will prob visit the other Phoenician italian restaurants for comparison before returning.
2	I was here with a large group last week. Towards the end of our meal, we ordered two each of three desserts. Our waiter brought those desserts, plus a chocolate cake that he said he thought we'd like and put it on our bill. The $7.50 isn't a big deal, except that it's stealing. We didn't ask for it, he brought it, and charged us for it.The pizza was good, but the tiramisu was pretty disappointing.
3	Two of us went to Gasper's on 4-24-2012 for dinner.  It was our first time in the restaurant.  We walked in and a man came over, asked "Two?" and we said yes.  He walked us to a table, put menus down and walked away.  He made a very poor first impression.  Not the least bit friendly.  Our waitress Rylie came over and greeted us with genuine friendliness and was courteous and attentive all throughout the meal.  We each ordered an asparagus pasta dish that was heavenly.  All in all we had a pleasant experience but the host needs to show some manners and greet customers with a smile and a kind word.
5	Randomly heard this place was good. Went there on a whim to grab some take-out pizza with the dude and got some margherita pizzas and toasted ravioli. We were very happy with it all - great tasting pizza, the ravioli were awesome. Only tip to take-out peeps is if you get the toasted ravioli to-go, ask for the sauce on the side :)
5	What a fabulous dining experience!  This wasn't our first time to Gasper's and definitely didn't disappoint.  We love supporting local businesses.  The outside of Gasper's is misleading... The inside is decorated with local art and reflects a quaint, intimate setting.  The wait staff was attentive and were knowledgeable in their suggestions.  We started with Sangria and the Gasper's sampler platter.  The food was fresh, hot and fast.  We shared the special pasta of the day and a pizza. Each was perfectly seasoned and fresh.  We ended with the cannoli which was made in house by Marie.  Seriously one of the best I've had. The owner, Marie, made the experience even more memorable.  She checked on us several times.  When she found out we were celebrating my promotion, she asked to share a Limoncello shot with us to celebrate.  She was so sweet and personable!We had a $10 off charity card (Phoenix dining cards) and she said she would accept cards from other restaurants as well.  Score!!!!  :)Highly recommend!  Thank you Marie and Zachary for making our night so special!!!
1	Well, again, it seems a shame that I'm not allowed to give NO STARS.  I just read Melissa E's review and it's like we ate at two different restaurants.I tried to eat here on Mothers Day, with a Groupon.  The young man on the phone told me "not on Mother's Day", which did make sense to me.  When I returned on another night, the gentleman seating me told me, "That's crazy!  We would have served you".  Which is it?  After all, I originally wanted to eat there Sunday but was told no.  Now on Tuesday you say Sunday WAS ok?  Sheesh.I ordered a pizza.  17 minutes later, now I'm starving, "we're out of pizza".  Out of pizza?  Really?  Really.  How does a pizza restaurant run out of pizza?  Ok.  It happens (wait.  no, it's never happened to me.  Ever.  Not once.  EVER!)  So I ordered a salad and the evening special: flank steak.Another 20 minutes, I'm fearing the salad and the steak will show up at the same time but no, the caprese salad just took 20 friggin' minutes.  It's ok.  Nothing special.The steak arrives and it's not so much inedible as it is horrible.  It's typically, tough flank steak, a few flakes of Parmesan cheese...no one in the kitchen could have tasted this and thought, "Eureka!".  My side of pasta is ok...just ok.  I ask for a box for the pasta.  That was a huge problem.  I left.The personnel at the restaurant are straight out of Prizzi's Honor and being compared to William Hickey is not a compliment.Do yourself a favor and go to any of the 2700 Italian restaurants in this town BEFORE you go to Gapsers...
4	Fresh, tasty Italian in a relaxed setting.  Fresh really is the operative word here.  I should bust out the thesaurus for some other substitutions, but I'm not going to.Service was slow - I can see how it would annoy people in the other reviews.  But it wasn't incompetently slow, just kinda slow.  Like, you know, they were preparing the food fresh.The portions were generous - I felt like I had a whole beach-worth of clam shells after finishing my pasta.  The pasta itself tasted fresh, as did the delightfully zesty, peppery red sauce.The pizza was another fine entry to the crowded Phoenix fancy-pants pizza crowd - chewy, with a crispy, almost burnt crust.  The house-made mozzarella was wonderful, and the roasted veggies on top were just right.Icing on the cake: a great wine list and fun nightly specials.
4	There are a few things I might've done differently but really I have nothing to complain about.  The decor/ambiance is nice.  Staff is helpful and nice, not too snooty.  The few things - I'd serve the bread and oil separately so its not all dripping with oil.  I'd chop the artichoke hearts a little on the pizza - the bite they land on is a bit overpowered.  The oil's a tiny bit heavy on the mushroom paperdelle.  I'd just take the top off the strawberries on the cheesecake - they're sliced but with caps on so you have to knock them off the cake and cut them off.  Why?But the food's really solid and the pricing's appropriate.  I'd definitely come back.
5	We bought a Groupon and could not have been more pleased. The food was GREAT. We started with a margarita pizza since they are known for great pizza... very impressed. My wife had the Spaghetti Bolognese which I thought was good.....  I had the Seafood Linguini which was Fantastic. They were out of linguini so we substituted with spaghetti (now I recommend it that way) the dish was full of FRESH seafood with a great red sauce which I added some red pepper flakes too and parmesan... WOW! I could have licked the bowl. The waiter was great and atmosphere very comfortable. We will defiantly be back!
4	This place is great. Get a pizza for an appetizer!It's quality home made italian food at a fair price.I consider myself a regular here, although the world sees it differently
5	Best Food, Best service and best atmosphere. The owner Maria personally walks around and will check on you to assure you are doing well. We try to make this place a weekly habit.
5	This is a remarkable restaurant. The owners treat you like your family in their home dining room. The food is all fresh ingredients. The service is impeccable. We highly recommend this very warm and friendly, delightful space for a great meal!
5	I am so sad this place is closed.....What a shame.
1	So sad, they closed this business.
5	Definitely one of the best restaurants in Phoenix.  My hubby and I LOVED it.  We happened to try it after purchasing a restaurant.com certificate, but we will go back over and over again (we've been there 3 times already).The panzanella was delicious - fresh bread and mozzarella.  The wood-fired pizza was perfect with again, fresh mozzarella (we were told it is made in house). We've tried the Spaghetti Bolognase, Veal Picatta (out of this WORLD!), Osso Bucco (Delicious!), Chicken Picatta, and Chicken Saltimbocca (had to pull the sage out, but otherwise, perfect!).They have a great family atmosphere and wonderful food.   We get hugs from the owner everytime we go. :-)
