5	I selfishly want to keep to this salon a secret but I won't. The place is amazing. First, I love the incredibly diverse population it serves. Secondly, my stylist Chelsea actually listened and did what I asked her to do.  I got one of the best hair cuts ever from her. She is incredibly fast compared to other salons I've been to (for black girls who know what it's like to be at the salon for hours on end, you need to try this place. I was in and out in 45 minutes). I highly recommend this place.
5	I absolutely LOVE Salon Ivy.  The stylists are all so nice and are very skilled.  I usually come in with a couple pictures and a vague idea in my mind and they cut and style my hair beautifully.  I highly recommend this salon.
5	I love Salon Ivy. All the stylists are very nice and know what they're doing. I see Shannon. She always makes my hair look exactly how I wanted it too...plus it hardly hurts whens he waxes your eyebrows!The salon itself is really gorgeous. The mirrors are big and it's a very open space. It's never super crowded and the stylists are never rushed. If you need a haircut you should go here!
5	HOORAY! I have a new hair salon!After reading a hundred or so Yelp! reviews on the various salons in the Pittsburgh area, I came across Salon Ivy's living social deal and snatched it up. Full of split ends from six months of abuse and neglect, I made my way to south side for a little TLC.Sarah greeted me shortly after my arrival and asked what I wanted to do with my hair. I showed her a few pictures of my "hair idols" and she understood what I was looking for immediately--flowy hair with lots of body. We chatted for the entire hour I was there about boys, driving in snow, traveling, you name it. Haircuts are boring and awkward without someone fun to talk to, which was exactly the quality I'd been looking for since leaving Austin and my beloved stylist at Hearts & Robots behind.I will be back! Thank you, Salon Ivy!
4	I am so sad that I'm about to leave Pittsburgh and I finally found a nice, professional salon that does black (African) hair with stylists that I can apparently trust! I got highlights and twists done by Carmen today and she did an awesome job. She was easy to talk to, gentle with my hair,  and very knowledgeable about how I should take care of my natural hair. I left feeling like I had been right to trust her with my very first color ever. The only reason this doesn't get a 5-star is the fact that I got charged an additional $40 for a "haircut", which apparently my trim was, in addition to the cost of my highlights and twists ($100). I have never had to pay $40 for a trim. I badly needed them though, so I don't regret getting them. I will be going back hopefully to Carmen for more twists but will be taking care of my split ends at home :-)
5	I just had my first experience at this salon and I loved it. Very cute salon with professional staff. I will absolutely be going back!
