5	I am partial to BHC because I used to work here.  I love the atmosphere, you know everything is fresh and clean.  Probably the cleanest coffee house/food service place around.  Fair trade coffee and teas, the coffee roaster used by Blue Horse is not found anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  They offer yummy gelato and unique treats such as Vegan Cookies.
5	Blue Horse has the best coffee drinks and hot chocolate. Nice staff and atmosphere. I should mention that I live in DC so don't get to Blue Horse often. When I am in Pittsburgh, I go to Blue Horse at least once a day. Then I come back home and it's back to Starbucks :(
5	Nice little coffee place, with a good selection of comfy chairs. Friendly staff, good coffee, no complaints from me.Plenty of parking available, although they are located on a 2-lane road with no left turns from their parking lot, so no easy way to come back the way you came.
3	I like the place, the gelato, the staff, but not the cup of cap i got. Was in the area for something stuffs and decided to find some descent local coffee shop in the area for a rest and a good cup of coffee. After some search I decided to come to BHC. Maybe I was just having too high an expectation or because I am too spoiled by some of the awesome local coffee shops in PGH, I was somewhat disappointed by the cappuccino. The spro hads some fine coffee powder in it and the foam was way to bubbly. It's still an awesome coffee shops compared with all the chain stores (sb, cm, etc), but still have some way to go as for pittsburgh coffee culture standard.
4	I'm a non-drinker so anyone who knows me knows that my weakness is a great cup of coffee.  What bars are to other people, coffeehouses are to me.  I stopped in here recently while on my way to South Hills Village.  I tried the Crooks Corner Blend which was a nice summertime blend.  Really smooth and tasty!It's too bad I live in Squirrel Hill (or maybe not, 'cos we have some great coffee there too) because I'd be here almost every day.  The help is knowledgeable and the atmosphere here is terrific.
2	Went here a few days ago to get a warm cup of coffee on a cold day.  The coffee shop is very cozy, the bathrooms are clean, and the staff was friendly.  Unfortunately the coffee was not very good.  Mine was very bland and flavorless, and my buddy agreed on his cup as well.  Overall, Blue Horse is a nice little place to sit down and hang out for a spell, but the coffee just isn't that good.  Though the atmosphere is nice, with all the great coffee selections in the city, I don't know if I'll be back here.
4	I have long been a fan of Blue Horse and find myself here at least once a week. The coffee is very good, with carefully sourced, fair trade and organic beans. The space itself is very comfy, with plenty of tables to sit at, and a couple of stuffed armchairs, if you can get them. They have a nice selection of baked goodies...usually a couple of muffin and scone options,as well as some healthier cookies, and some really great gelato to choose from. Today I had the sfogliatella, an Italian pastry filled with flavored ricotta, and it was awesome...perfect with a cup of their drip coffee. The staff is always helpful and friendly here, and they're knowledgable without being pretentious. I wish they were open a little later in the evening...with the exception of Saturday, when they stay open until 9, they close at 5 pm.
5	Sitting here now working, one of the comfiest and cleanest coffee shops I have ever been in. Staff was nice, atmosphere is awesome and my cappuccino was great. If you are in the area chose this over a typical chain and you will be happy!
