3	1st to review, baby!  Although this Panda Express I believe has been here for quite a long time.  It has been anyway since I moved into the neighborhood several years back.  This particular Panda Express is the one I usually hit up when I have that guilty craving of Americanized 'Chinese' food.  It hits a pretty good spot.  And how can you resist that cute A$$ panda bear??  Marketing at it's finest I tell you.  No longer do I think pandas and bamboo...I see a panda, I think ORANGE CHICKEN!  Sick, so sick.  I guarantee you kids now a days will grow up thinking that all pandas eat at Panda Express, and will be sadly let down when they find out pandas eat fiber.  All day long.  What's next?  Penguins that have happy feet?  Hmm...sounds oddly familiar.This place is usually very clean, and most of the time the food is pretty fresh from the wok.  I usually try to hit this place right around lunchtime because almost everything is just coming out piping hot instead of sitting under warmers.  I know most of you have been here before so I won't bore you of how it works with the line or your ordering options.  My go-to Panda meal (always in a to-go box because I firmly believe you get just a tiny bit more food) - 1/2 fried rice, 1/2 chow mein, beef & broccoli or string beans with chicken, sweetfire chicken or sweet & sour pork, and always (ALWAYS) orange chicken in a separate container.  I like it in a separate container because I don't like it to mix with the rest of my food!  Plus, if they put it in the same container with your other choices I notice you get a little less.  Funny, I don't remember a time when I've been to a Panda Express and never got the orange chicken.  Lately I've been on a Kobari Beef kick with them, one of their new dishes.  Marinated beef with wok-seared peppers, mushrooms, and leeks, all tossed in a sweet, smoky, spicy sauce.  Not too shabby!  I would make this at home if I had a burner that could reach the BTUs Panda Express has.  It's so good! Of course you always have the option of their other popular items like mandarin chicken, mushroom chicken, kung pao chicken, Beijing beef, Mongolian beef, as well as their shrimp dishes, crab rangoon (so easy to make it's ridiculous), potstickers, and soups.For a 3 entree meal with a drink for under $10 it's a pretty good deal if you're in a hurry.  I stop here a lot when my lady and I can't decide where to eat for cheap.  I come to this particular Panda Express because literally 3 doors down (ha ha) is a Subway.  I love me some Subway $5 foot longs!  So my lady and I usually will end up sharing a 3 entree meal from Panda and a foot long from Subway.  When I say share, I mean I eat half the foot long ALONG with sharing the 3 entree meal.  Gotta get my veggies in somehow!  It's funny how a meatball marinara sub goes so well with greasy chow mein.  Match made in culinary heaven!
5	Shanghai Angus Steak ROCK!
3	Americanized-Chinese fast food buffet style.Upon walking in, the two cashiers just kind of stared at my girlfriend and I for a couple seconds and then went back to their conversation. When they were done one of them came over to put our orders together. I went with the fried rice with orange chicken and the walnut shrimp because eating things that live on land with things that live in the sea strangely brings me great satisfaction. We grabbed a large drink to split and I was amazed at how big the cup was. It almost looked like one of those giant big gulps from 7-11! The food was exactly the same as all of the other times I had frequented a Panda Express, so I always know what to expect when I come to one of their locations.
4	I know I'm not supposed to eat there but it's just SO good. All the beef dishes are amazing.
5	Can you be addicted to Panda Express? Cause I think I may have a Panda abuse problem...or I've just convinced myself that its good for me cause it's the only way I can make myself eat veggies!
