4	Yay oh Yay oh Yay!!!I usually don't go to fast food restaurants; okay,,, I rarely go eat at a fast food joint.  However, with the breaking news that the McRib is back!!!  I had to go.  I have no idea why they only sell this once a year for only like 5-6 weeks!  Why oh why!???My wife thought I was crazy, but I went and bought 8 of these puppies last night.... gave her one, I devoured two, and stuck the other 5 in the fridge for tomorrow's delight.I guess I am one sick person... LOL....
3	It's a McDonalds, so I'm sure everyone knows what to expect here. They try to get you through as fast as they can with not much in the way of smiles or true customer service. I wish my kids didn't love Happy Meals so much, then I'd probably never eat here. But since they do, I'll snack on a Grilled Chicken Sandwich or just grab a Caramel Frappe. I have to say, this location seems to be consistently fast. The lines can really wrap around the building here, but I've never had to wait long at all. I like that, so three stars it is!
4	First McDonald's I remember going to with an automatic door. Nice.
4	Theyre remodeling so this is for the new double laned drivethru. The service has always been accurate here but now its twice as fast! Im really pleased. Hope the remodel makes it a five star experience!
4	This McDonald's recently got remodeled and it looks SWANKY now! Very modern decor inside and a 2 lane drive thru outside! They have a lounge area when you first walk in with leather couches and a huge flat screen tv on the wall. I guess to hang out and drink coffee?The seating area has a variety of tables and chairs all modern/retro looking which I liked. The service inside is fast as well as in the drive thru. The food is.....well it's McDonald's you know what's it like :D
4	Update: the remodel makes this fast food place a much hipper experience. The play area is the same but theres a different seating setup. They also have tvs now. 4 stars.
4	I love how they redecorated this McDonalds. Looks so modern. N I like how it's like more like a lounge now with the comfy chairs n flat screen tvs. Definitely a lot cooler than most fast food restaurants
3	This location was remodeled, the most significant change is the drive thru (at least for me, since I only order through drive thru now). It now has two lanes, which from my experience, surprisingly has quick service. Besides that, nothing significantly different from other Mickey D's.
2	If you have an option to go to a different Mc Ds, do it, I have given this location several "tries". A few months back Mc Ds as a whole changed the amount of syrup they put in the iced coffees...ok, so I now ALWAYS order extra syrup which they charge me $.50 for at this location (most other coffee places don't do this) ok, charge me $.50 BUT if you do then you may actually want to give me what I've PAID for. I've made a habit when I go here to check, today I made the mistake not to because I was in a hurry & guess what, no extra syrup. This has happened more times than not. I will go out of my way to get my iced coffee w/ extra syrup at another location where they only charge $.30 & they get my order right more often than not.
2	It got remodeled so it looks nice. Too bad I can't say the same about the drive thru staff. I swear, they are always in such a rush that they screw up your order 70% of the time. It's annoying to repeat your order three times and they still screw it up. Can you guys slow the heck down enough to actually listen and pay attention please?
2	Very modern design. Play area is great for older kids, very dirty though. Bathroom was filthy...urine on each toilet and the floor. No toilet paper. It was very crowded at 4pm.  Service was good and food fresh.
2	I usually enjoy coming to this location. It's remodeled nicely and I like dining in on the rare occasion that I decide to go to McDonalds. I was very disappointed with their drive through staff. While I did want a quick breakfast, I would have preferred that they slowed down at least a tad bit to actually hear my order and fill it correctly. I felt rushed and like the staff really didn't care to help me out. When I ordered my breakfast sandwich I clearly said I wanted sausage egg and cheese later to find out I only got sausage. I found it weird that they didn't hear me but when my boyfriend turned to me and asked if that was it they heard him thinking he said that that was all and told us our total and rushed us on to the pay window. NY boyfriend didn't even get a chance to order a drink and I would have held them up to keep our order going but I just didn't have the patience at the moment. I'd just suggest to the drive in staff to be more polite and take their time to make sure they are getting customers what they'd like. From what I've learned in the food industry communication is essential for customer satisfaction. That's something this location appears to need work on.
