5	The staff is friendly, funny, and accommodating. Ive had make-up, hair, spray tan, and bridal services at the salon. Ive been going here for about 7 years. I'm always satisfied with my hair cuts, color, and style. Gigi is the most amazing stylist. If you haven't been to see her and the salon, you are missing out.
5	Kelly is awesome!  The whole place is nice and welcoming, it has a hip fun vibe and they will give you a little sangria to make the chair sitting pass quickly.Kelly is an artist and always does a beautiful job with my hair, I never feel rushed or picky.  If you are looking for somewhere new to try then give Salon Sandoval a call!
2	I know the rating is low and part of it is undeserved. The people at Salon Sandoval are warm and welcoming and I have been happy with their services. They are an Aveda salon which is how I got their name. My stylist, Ruby, left there and then there seemed to be a ton of turnover. So, the reason for the rating? It's filthy. They honestly need to close for a week and have a deep cleaning, scrubbing, work it over. They also did a good job with my kids.
5	Salon Sandoval gave me a great experience!  I was in need of a blow out for a special occasion and Chris did an amazing job.  I have gone to many salons in Phoenix for blow outs and  this was one of the very best. My appointment was on time and I was attended to in a friendly , clean environment by a lovely staff. Thank you Salon Sandoval I look forward to my next visit !
5	Shane is the BEST!  He makes me feel so beautiful and my hair is always perfect after he's finished!  I can't say enough good things about him...he really takes his time to ensure perfection!!!
5	I went to this salon today for the 1st time and fell in love. The awesome Katie dyed my hair and did a wonderful job. I received several compliments today and couldn't be happier. The whole staff was friendly and help me get out quick due to a job interview I had right after. I can't wait to come back!!!
5	I have been going to Rachel for a few years now and couldn't be happier.  I have very fine hair and she always makes me feel like a million bucks when I leave.  And the compliments I get after make me feel awesome!   I went to Fashion Square after a recent visit and a woman asked where I got my hair done and of course I told her.  I can't remember ever having anyone stop me to ask that question and I have had that happen a few times since going to Rachel.  She is very knowledgeable regarding hair and hair products but she is also a very sweet girl.  I would recommend Rachel at Salon Sandoval to anyone.
5	This was my first time going to this salon. I found a groupon for it and decided to try it out. When I first arrived I didn't really think much of it. The outside was just a normal looking store. However, once I entered I was instantly impressed. Everything was so chic and clean. I loved the atmosphere. Katie cut my hair and she was fantastic! She made me feel totally comfortable and was super kind. I totally recommend everyone to go here!
5	I feel like I have come full circle.  I started at this location 8 years ago.  Then Alisa was assigned to the Scottsdale location and of course, I had to follow her. Now she is back to the original spot, it is farther for me, but I will drive to bfe for her.  I cannot tell you how many times I get stopped at malls or on the street an inquired about my hair color.  Just yesterday I had a lady asking me if it was a single process hair color.  I told her it was not.  It requires the expertise of Alisa to make it look this natural.  When Alisa was on maternity leave the first time, I was impatient and I went somewhere else, and they left me brassy.  The second time Alisa went on maternity leave I wore a hat for a while.
5	So yesterday I went to Salon Sandoval for the first time.  My appointment was with Katie.  I have long hair and told her the basic cut that I wanted and left the rest to her.Let me tell you what a great job she did!  My hair looks better than expected and I cant remember getting a better cut.  She was very detailed and meticulous about my cut and I didnt feel like he rushed through it.  I truly felt like she cared about my hair as much as I do. Trust me, you will not be disappointed!
5	Thank you Sandoval for allowing me to be in your salon, and making me feel like family.I noticed how clients felt the same way.Thank you ilse ang gigi also and all the great staff and the owner is purely a positive and creative role model. Santanascissorsaz
5	You step in to a hip salon,professional,welcoming staff like Katie,and invested stylists like Gigi.
