4	Mojo is a neighborhood favorite. It's easily the best breakfast offering in North Scottsdale, and it's great for grab and go during the work week because of their 6:30 opening time. The staff is very nice and they always greet you with a smile. My personal favorite has got to be the mojo burrito - this isn't your run of the mill breakfast burrito. It's a bit more than a "-berto's" burro but the ingredients are fresh, and the chicken chorizo is much more tasty than greasy pork chorizo you find in other places. They can make just about any morning drink you would need, from iced coffee to blended fruit smoothies. The patio is dog friendly and they even provide fresh drinking water for them. Check this place out if you are in North Scottsdale, you won't be disappointed.
5	Great spot for coffee and conversation.
5	Perfect place to hit on any morning that I do not have to work. Feel comfortable to walk the dog there and eat on the patio, stop by after a bike ride or drive there. I live close by and walk there on Saturday or Sunday mornings. Food is excellent, especially the made to order omelet bar. Patio atmosphere is perfect. Comfortable, casual, wide variety of friendly people visit regularly. Service is friendly and fast. A regular stop/
5	The mojo burrito is amazing and the patio is very relaxing.
3	I want to love Mojo, special location, great feel, looks great. Good service but.... Coffee sucks, your a morning joint you need great coffee Please please try another brew
4	Great atmosphere, beautiful setting, great people that wait on you, and the food was very good. It's like being at a resort, instead your at your local bistro. I'll be back soon.
4	Nice little coffee shop & bistro!  In addition to the coffee/espresso drinks you would expect, their breakfast menu was chock full of unique dishes that all sounded really good.  I had a breakfast omelette with turkey, brie cheese, avocado, and mushrooms.. delicious!  This place works very well for "grab and go" but also has a nice sit-down area both inside and outside.
4	Cute place- FABULOUS apple cinnamon muffins.Would have given it 5 stars but the prices are obnoxious!
3	Nice patio and atmosphere, but food is mediocre at best. Too many other good breakfast places out there like JJ's and Soul.
5	Love this place and so does my dog!  Great food, giant iced lattes, and a very comfortable patio and atmosphere.  Kind of forget it is there sometimes but definitely worth remembering.
4	This is a great little place to get breakfast and delicious coffee. The patio is very nice and on a beautiful day there are a few places that are as nice to sit back and relax.I have a breakfast burrito with the sweet potatoes and chicken chorizo sausage. Every time I go there the food is consistent and the service is good. If you're looking for a nice easy spot to grab breakfast with some good views and good service this is the place to go in north Scottsdale.Yes there are other places that have good breakfast food, but where can you go and grab some food and then meander through the proshop on your way to the putting green.
4	Love this place. Tiny little coffee shop with an upscale feeling. The outdoor shady patio under the trees is the best place to sit and relax. It is attached to the Grayhawk Golf clubhouse so you see lots of golfers running in an out before or after their tee times. I gave it four stars instead of 5 because they are quick to serve the coffee or mufffins on display. But getting an omelete takes a while. If you aren't in a rush that's fine, but they seem to be much better staffed for the front counter than the back kitchen.
5	RECOMNENDED: if you haven't devoured their Mojo burrito, you are sorely missing out!  This is hands down one of the tastiest breakfast burritos this side of Earth!  It's a delightful combination of chicken chorizo, sweet potatoes, cheese and more. I am a fan. They also offer a variety of coffees and adult beverages ;)To top it off, the staff at Mojo's are super sweet, very friendly and cool. The atmosphere is laid back and unless someone pointed it out, you'd probably never know that you were eating at a gold course clubhouse. They have plenty of shades outside seating & have put out water bowls for your 4 legged babies!
5	Excellent atmosphere and food. Fresh juice and coffee are delicious. Jenn and Megan always have a smile!!!
5	Food was excellent. Went there with wife, and my 1 and 4 year old. They had the pancake and the French toast both of which were great. I had the Mojo Burrito which was delicious. There is indoor and outdoor seating and a very friendly atmosphere. The fruit shakes and coffee were delicious also. Highly recommended.
5	Love this place! ! Healthy smoothies for the healthy freaks like me! And the atmosphere is pretty great too! The counter girls are always really nice !
5	The extensive drink options will please everyone.  The menu is small but delicious.  The atmosphere is inviting inside & out and it's kid & pet friendly!
