4	I loved my manicure and pedicure. It was very relaxing, clean, safe, and no icky fake nail dust and chemical filled foot tubs. I had a similar manicure and pedicure at The Hotel Valley Ho Spa. My mani pedi at Pure Nails was just as nice without the crazy Spa price. My heels are so soft now and my polish on my hands lasted longer than a week, my toes are going on two weeks and I have been in the pool and hot tub. I would have given this place a five, but the location in a beauty mall and the fact that it took a while for someone to get back to me when I left a message to make an appointment.
5	Very Clean and Traci is amazing. Thanks for a Great mani and pedi.
5	Traci, the owner is amazing! She's very proffesional and friendly. Her services are great and a must try for those who have not had an organic mani/pedi before!! She also carried soy candles, and organic childrens nail polish. That I did buy for my little girl.. drys quick and no harmful chemicals. The shop is very calming and a place you can sit back enjoy and relax!!!
5	Truly enjoyed my first organic mani/pedi at Pure Nails with Traci. She was super friendly and pleasant to talk to. My nails look awesome & just knowing it was done in a very sterile & non-toxic environment just make it even better! I will definitely be back! Thank you Traci!
4	Traci is very sweet and personable and dedicated to giving you an excellent experience.  I reclined in the chair and elevated my feet while she worked on me so it was a totally relaxing experience!  Using non-toxic nail polish that looks great is important to me.  Dry foot buff is more sanitary and doesn't hurt the skin as much so yes, my feet felt great afterwards.  Traci gives a nice foot massage as well : )
5	Traci is AMAZING! I loved the intimate atmosphere... I really felt like I was at my own private spa. Knowing how truly pure and natural all of her products are gave me such peace of mind since I am pregnant. I won't be going anywhere else from now on! Oh and my nails look gorgeous!
