3	Lets just start by saying I hate Victoria's! Their employees are very sales oriented and it can be a tad annoying, then when you actually want to purchase something good luck trying to find someone to help you check out. They are always so helpful when you walk in but if you are an independent shopper like me and dont take that help right off the bat they will leave you hanging like a fly on the fly tape. This place is overrated but its too bad I wish it was a little more laxed on the sales and I could find a happy medium when I buy stuff here whether I buy all new intimates or when I just come in quick for their sucralose filled lip gloss and some chemical perfume. Curse you Victoria!!
5	After frequenting countless VS stores over the years, in numerous states, and having been in the fashion & beauty industry for over a decade, I am happy to report that this VS store went above and beyond and met my needs--total client satisfaction. The staff was attentive, yet not overbearing, and more than knowledgable about their product--an obvious result of strong management training.The store was impeccable, product replenishment was plentiful, and I easily found what I needed. The dressing rooms are beautiful ( love the mirrors!) and the cashwrap experience was efficient as well.Of all the VS stores in the valley, this is the one I will be returning to. Though it may not have the wider array of selections like Arrowhead or Fashion Square does, the cleanliness, client service, and efficiency wins my loyalty.
4	One of my favorite locations.  Not too busy and crazy especially during semi annual sales. The sale associates are nice, dressing rooms clean and tidy, and always someone available to help.  They even carry some of the swimsuit line in store.
4	This is one of my favorite VS they always have more selection than arrowhead. It is also less crowded and is more spacious . I love the pink section :)
4	really friendly
5	Very clean place. All the employees are super nice and there is a lot of them so you don't have to wander around the store forever just to find someone to help you. The store is very organized and easy to find stuff, the drawers for certain stuff are surprisingly clean compared to other Victoria's Secret stores i've been too. The store is super big so there is definitely a lot of things in it to look for.
2	This location only gets 2 stars because their customer service is up and down. Some girls seem genuinely nice and others are snobbish! Wish Arizona would focus on good customer service but that's a bit much to ask for I guess? One employee that was working the floor ignored me when I asked a question the first time and when she finally answered my question, she was short with me and didn't seem to care. But when another (white) customer asked her a question, she was peppy and attentative to her. She has long black hair, I might as well be describing every employee there but its worth a shot. Treat all customers with respect or at least fake it! Not going to this location again. Gbye!
5	I'm pretty sure her name is Bianca and she's so cute and helpful, she def helped me and my best friend have a great experience here!
