1	Last week my boyfriend picked up 5 baseball caps from Polo Cleaners that were supposed to be cleaned and reformed.  We have been customers of theirs for 5 years now.  Usually there are 2 very nice ladies that assist us, but that day the owner was there.  Holy rude!  I have had baseball caps cleaned and formed there several times without a problem, but that day i received nothing, but excuses and a full bill for 5 hats that are now destroyed.  The owner of polo cleaners was more concerned I knew he's been dry cleaning for 25 years rather than resolving the issue at hand.  This guy is a horrible and arrogant 'businessman' who has forgotten what customer service means.
5	I've been a loyal customer of Polo Cleaners for four years now and they have always provided great service.  My clothes are always ready on time and look brand new.  There were only a couple instances within these four years where a spot was not completely removed, however the owners were always willing to clean the item again FOR FREE.  Seems like other reviewers had some freak incidents.  Luckily, I have never had an huge issue with them.  They are the only dry cleaners I trust in Vegas and I do not have any intentions of trying others.
1	I took a pair of light grey suit pants here after wearing them twice. When I picked up the pants I noticed small black spots in several areas. The spots looked like snags, or even burns in the fabric. Fast forward two months.....I have spoken with several employees who refuse to let me speak with a manager, but insist on dealing with me on his behalf. Without any prior knowledge or me, or the pants in question, they insist that 1. I either smoke and caused the damage (i don't smoke), or 2. the fabric was old and worn out (brand new pants worn twice), or 3. something, anything, else must have happened, but 4. they are absolutely, positively not responsible. In a nutshell I was told repeatedly, at first glance,  "we didnt do this, you must have done it." I was finally offered $50 worth of credit, which I obviously declined. The bottom line is that it is not about the pants. It is about the 5 phone calls, 9 different explanations why it is my fault, and two+ months I have spent trying to resolve this little issue about one lousy pair of pants. When a customer says "I believe these pants have been damaged." The proper response is not "you must smoke, and/or your pants are old and worn out, we did not do this, thank you come again."  I wear a suit five days a week - I will be bringing approximately 260 dress shirts alone, per year, to be dry cleaned...plus the suits, and various other items. Do the math. Easily $1000 per year in lost revenue over poor customer service.And as for the pants....the last call I received was over a week ago. They were "still looking in to it" and told me they would call me back within "1-2 days".......I have yet to hear back. smh.
1	Worst place ever.  Dropped off clothes when I got to town on Thursday.  On Monday when I was going back home to San Diego, they said one shirt was not ready and they would mail it to me as soon as it was.  After the third call to notify them I had not received it and then responding that they would "check and get back to me". They finally told me to pick it up when I came to town next.  I said I didn't know when that would be, but my friends went in to get it a couple of months later and they couldn't find it.  I just went in on Friday once I got back to Vegas and they again couldn't locate it, told me it was probably donated to goodwill, and refused to let me speak to a manager.  I asked to speak with the owner.  But apparently she lives in Korea.  They refused to compensate me for my $100 shirt.  Obviously will never be returning.  Will also be contacting BBB.  Terrible customer service and poor business management.
