4	I saw this on my vapers map and decided to drop in. They're very new to the scene, barely opened their doors for their soft opening when I came through. Their layout is good in that it is spacious of a counter and a separate flavor bar off to one side. I like when people have a good flow as some stores get a bit crowded with too many things happening in a small area. The owner and the girl who was there were both super nice. We chatted them up, browsed the merchandise and tried some flavors comfortably. They seem to be into also supporting other stores instead of trying to undercut, it's an awesome community spirit going here.They carry some good brands like Jamesons, Mastermind, Space Jam, Halycon The Standard, Vapor Train, Venum. They are the first I've seen carry Ruthless brand locally.The one unique thing they offer is a juice stamp card! Buy 10 vape juices, get one FREE! I think that is awesome and they're the only one I know to have such a program. I'll definitely be stopping in soon again for some juices and excited to see their growth. They're in a less trafficked area, but it brings a vape shop to the south so I hope that will in turn make them a destination.
5	Great customer service, and very knowledgable. As one of the many Vape places I've been to around here in Vegas and I've seen many and they're all ONE great Vape community, these guys helped out the most. Flavors are on point!!!  Lychee, Dragonchee, and Cranchee so far are absolute favorites of mine. And any builds they can do or have done. Manny looked out for my issues on clones which I had no clue I had lol, and brought me to the light when my build was finished by Mike and set me up with a standard K100 mod. The IGO W is an awesome cloud blower and flavorful Vape mod. I recommend that if your a newbie like myself to the RDA side and only been vaping on tanks, have one of these guys show you what's up. They're experts and know exactly what's the best fit for a certain individuals vaping needs. Awesome service and great staff! So if you vape and happen to be in the area and need some advice, and or place to chill kick it and vape, come through to Vapors Union try out the juices at the juice bar, you'll be glad you did.
5	#LetsVapeTogether one the best slogans ever and these are the guys who started the hashtag!I've been to almost all the Vape shops here in Las Vegas and I would have to say Vapors Union is in the top 5.Shop- Lets start with the shop itself.  It's color scheme is wonderful. The light green color walls and paintings in the shop makes this place have a sense of tranquility.  The shop is very spacious and they have a separate juice bar where you can taste all their juices.  Sometimes they have their friends there who play the ukelele so check them out because you never know when you'll get to vape and listen to some island music.   Great place to sit, relax, and vape! Staff- the staff are the nicest people! One of the best things about this shop is that they don't rush you in your purchase.  They take the time and explain the item.  They find the best vape for your needs. No question is dumb, in fact I sometimes think it excites staff members when someone has a questions so Ask away!!! They also have RBA builders available so if you need help to make some clouds these are the guys to ask. They will also show you how to build it.EJuice-  they are the only place that I know carry Halcyon which is the brand that carries the famous Dragon Chi & Cran Chi.  One of the best tasting juices I've had.  They carry many other lines that are not similar to the other vape shops so if your on a hunt to find new juices this is the place to check out. Prices-  their prices are pretty much the same as every other shop for the mods, RBA, juice etc. Don't forget to check in because they do provide a 15% off  special just for checking in.  The one thing they do have that no other vape shops in Las Vegas has is a juice card.  Buy 10 juice and get 1 free.  Very cool!!!Check them out! You won't be disappointed and #letsvapetogether
5	Look, as a community we all must have integrity. it is an will become the most important fa cite  of what we call U.N.I.T.Y. in my somewhat of a Queen Latifah voice. Really what i mean to say and in short; Check them out, its all love!!
5	The store is really nice. They have quite a few mods, rda, rba etc too look at. A lot of flavor a to try an to choose from. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the prices are about the same as some other shops.
5	Ok so wasn't to sure on where to start in the hole vaper scene so went here when they were having a car show, the staff was super polite and very helpful on where to start! After getting a starter vape I was trying there juices and they were only a few good ones that stood out, other then that it was a awesome experience and would recommend to others! #Teammansu! :D
5	Stop by get taken care of, Full bar tasting before you commit, stopped by no knowledge of Vapes got a nice starter kit
5	I was very surprised at the quality of products they had here.  The best part of our visit was we needed advice on weather or not to use this clone we bought from Sin City Vapor 4 on Tropicana & Forte Apache.  Well the kid whom we never got his name was very informative and helpful..   We stopped in the following day, we meet the owner and he was such a great guy.  I look forward to taking our business back and the Kangertech Protank 3 I bought, totally worth the $25 bucks. LOVE IT!  I even bought a purple tip that I couldn't of asked for better quality.They have car meets every month and I would like to check back and meet more car enthusiasts while vaping.   5 out of 5  I will totally recommend this place to our friends.  **Check in on Yelp and get a 15% discount on juice, tanks & drip tips!
5	These guys know their stuff.I recommend this store to any vapers in Las Vegas.
5	Awesome Store! I recommend to all vapers to check them out! Owner of the store is very helpful and as well as the crew! Very knowledgeable in the vapers industry.  Can't wait to come back! Their juice selections is one of the best in vegas.
5	What a very nice store! The ambiance of the store is very chill. Juice selections are better than any other vape shop in Las Vegas! They support all vape shops and I think that is a wonderful thing to do! This shop has mods that I havent seen in any other vape shop. If you're looking for a rare mod this guys got it! The crew is very knowledgable and as well as the owner! I think the owner is cute lol I'll be definitely coming back to this store!
5	I'd had a really bad experience with a vape shop I went to in LA, and was very skeptical about going to any in the Vegas area when I moved out here. But VU was highly rated and open late, and also near my house so my girlfriend and I decided to check them out. Boy am I glad. Not only do they have a great selection of gear and juices but all the guys know their shit. And they can build, which I cannot...yet. But seriously, every time I walk into VU I feel like I'm part of the family and that I'm appreciated as a person and as a customer. Love it. Also a plus: their variety of juices and their prices. Very affordable and they don't sell you junk that breaks within a week like some shops do.
5	I'm not from here but they had the things I wanted. Super friendly awesome people. They have quiet varies of juices. They juice bar is sweet... they let me try so much different stuff. I love the people here they are very knowledgable. another plus they have some tight music and comfy couches to hang and vape. The shop looks so inviting as well as the people there. I recommend to everyone who Vape to check this place out.
5	Great place to visit !!! If you are in the Vegas you need to go by a check these guys out !!!!
5	personal customer service and great products always!!!!!!!!!!!this is the spot and go to place for batteries chargers juice and moreone of my vape shops i go to on the top of the list......
1	As friendly as these guys are I had to give them a low rating because they ALWAYS are out of the juice I like.  On top of that they do not carry 3 mg nicotine for many of them.  They are cool, and even recommended other shops that carry other brands I like, but if you want my business stock up for once.  I've been calling for months to see if they have my Ruthless juice or Kryptonite and I still have yet to buy one bottle because they are always out.  What is the point if there is nothing to sell.
4	In my opinion this store has one of the best selections of vape juice/ejuice in las vegas. i think they don't carry in house ejuice that mimics local competition but they do sell some of the best branded ejuice the market has to offer.highly recommend because they sell high quality mutli brand ejuice and people who works there are very nice. I had to take one star off because they don't have a lot of selections on the hardware and accessories and ejuice are a little pricey.overall highly recommend this store.
