3	Another great spot if you enjoy a quick lunch with out going to Filly B's.  The quality of meat is above your nomal quality for a burrito and the Cocina packs in a lot of tast in each bite.  Just South of the circle K on the corner of McDowell and 16th St.
5	Here is a great Mexican food joint that is not expensive, very affordable and the food is Fantastic. The atmosphere is very nice and cozy, TV's in the corners, music in the background. The Ladies waiting adn that work there are very sweet and nice and attend to everything.The menudo here is the best i have tried along sides my moms, lol. Have not tasted menudo this good since i moved here from Cali. Many places in phoenix, either add too much oregano or make their menudo soup to thick. But ths place is awsome!!!The wifey tried the shredded beef tacos and rice and beans, And wanted more. Have gone back often to eat their menudo and try differnt items, and were to my satisfaction. Great Food, Great Service, Great Job!!!!
4	My girlfriend and I practically lived on their food the first few months of doing renovations on our house. The 5 tacos for $5 and a carne quesadilla to split is an awesome way to go. Everything we've had here is great, even the napales... cactus fajita platter basically. The corn totillas are hand made and thick and delicious. The food takes a little longer than your averaged mexi spot, but so worth it.  As the other reviewer says, the ladies that work there are very nice and its always clean.
4	I'll give the 'economic kitchen' a round up on a 3.5 star review.  I happened by this place the other day and ordered a carne asada burrito.  Usually I gripe about no free chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants but I ponied up the extra dollar for some chips to enjoy at their free condiment bar.  A basket of warm tortilla chips came out a few moments later and I was lovin' life.  The salsa roja was really solid I only wish I wasn't so rushed as I would have liked to have tried the salsa verde.  The burrito was big and beefy (insert joke here) and quite tasty.  I'll definitely return to try some of their other dishes when I have the time to sit a spell!
4	Unwholesome and epic! Such a good value.
4	So, I always have mixed emotions with this place but the moment I eat the Al Pastor Tacos, I end up LOVING this place again. The only down fall is that occasionally, our order is incorrect, whether it means they added guacamole or they didn't give us 10 tacos. For example,  We had ordered 10 tacos the last time and the order came out to be $30!!! Without questioning, we paid, left, and felt ripped off. Come to find out, they had charged us for the "bigger" tacos that we never ordered versus our usual order of the 10 "small" tacos. The only harm done was in our pockets. Our stomachs and taste buds, however, were quite satisfied.As far as Carne Asada Tacos, they are fairy good. The only reason I go here is for their Al Pastor Tacos... although, they always right down Adobada Tacos, so I am unable to confirm what it is I'm eating, because the menu says they have Al Pastor tacos. Nonetheless, these tacos are amazing. The place is like the usual little Mexican Restaurant but the food is definitely a bit superior on the food chain.
1	I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD, however I would be lying if I said that this place was worth recommending. I asked the girl at the counter what did she recommend since I have not ever been there "Oh, I don't eat here, so I don't know" maybe this should have been RED FLAG number one! I figured keep it simple, I ordered a chicken burrito and my boyfriend ordered 5 street tacos. We waited about 25 minutes, (there were 3 tables who already had their food) and when our food FINALLY came out my chicken burrito was burnt on the outside and when I opened it up the chicken inside was NASTY, well overcooked and HARD. I gave up quickly! The street tacos were greasy, I think he ate 3 of the five before he was DONE. Bottom line, save yourself the $20 bucks, there are plenty of FRESH and authentic Mexican food places around the valley, this is not one of them.
4	Really solid menudo everyday. Good flavor and not too funky. Comes with tortillas but ask for the excellent rice instead. The portions are very big. Bonus: they fresh fry their tortilla chips and put a nice chilli pepper on it.
5	Best shimp burrito in PHX since that place on Camelback closed. And they always have a real Mexican Coca Cola on hand. The kinda made with sugar cane rather than high fructose corn syrup
1	I tried the shrimp burrito per the review on here. One of the worst I've had...ever. (Salsitas' has a good one, IMO.) It just didn't taste that good...it was spicy, which I like, but the flavor was boring. Hubby and kid had bean burritos and weren't impressed either.Everything was WAY over salted. And, I know this is TMI, but we all spent hours in the bathroom the next day. :( We will not go back.
4	Pleasantly surprised when I walked in looking to get some tacos and they had mariscos on the menu!! The chips and salsa were delicious as well and the prices were super reasonable. I'm always searching for a good authentic Mexican food place and this is DEF it!  I live right down the street so I will be frequenting this place more often :)
5	I have been eating here for seven years and the food here is the best mexican food outside El  Paso.I live 25 miles from this place and have not found another mexican restaurant in Phoenix that compares. The people who gave this place a poor rating must have been high on drugs.
5	I would eat here everyday if I lived closer.  Excellent tacos!  Pastor, pollo, carne asada, carnitas....I get two of each every time I go.I'm a pig.  I don't care.
3	Nothing fancy but will do in a pinch.Like the name implies, La Cocina Economica  is an economical place to eat.   They offer Authentic Mexican food at decent prices.   The food is good and I have never had a bad experience.  The food is made fresh to order, so you may have to wait for 10 minutes for your order.  La Cocina offers several daily specials for $4.99.If you want something fast and inexpensive La Cocina is not a bad choice.
1	bad service, so far not impressed  with the food, had to ask for everything from straws to chips.  The enchiladas were some kind of red sauce the tacos suck, tripitas learn to cook them people.  The chips at least are fresh.  Come on now if you have a family restaurant cook like you want to keep customers.
4	I've been a regular here for the last two years (twice a week). With a plentiful bounty of authentic Mexican food restaurants in this area, this is the spot I keep going back too.Carne asada dishes highly recommended! Just stay away from the seafood. Some reviewers forget we live in a desert and ALL frozen seafood tastes bland no matter how you spice it (yes, even Papadeux).
4	The ambiance is fun, family style. The bold colors of the paint and the "loteria" (latin American bingo) themed tables contrast nicely with the classic "golden age of Mexican cinema" black and white photos.I've been here a couple times and had the fried tilapia. It was over done. Looked like it was deep fried. However the rice and beans were as if my mom, RIP, worked through the cook to remind me she loves me.  My wife had the huarache. A thick oblong corn tortilla covered in beans and carne asada garnished with avocado, lettuce, tomato, cream and fresh cheese. That was superb!!Not the kind to not tive a place a second chance, especially since the beans were divinely inspired.  So we went back. This time I had Nopales with Carne Asada. Excellent choice! The corn tortillas are hand made! I bought a second order of tortillas since I couldn't get enough. Karla had the chiles rellenos. Man, were they great!!We drove by this place hundreds of time, oh if we'd known what we were missing. What fools!Anyway, hope you take advantage of this hidden gem of Mexican cuisine.
