3	I took my 1 1/2 yr old Labrador Charlie here because the poor thing had an ear infection and allergies. My dog is a hell cat on the leash and while struggling to open the door, I saw a vet technician get up and look right at me and walk away without even trying to open the door to help. I was like, what a bitch. After I got in, my dog was going nuts and the tech simply gave me a clipboard and pen to fill out my information which I clearly could not do with a skittering 60 lb Labrador freaking out in my other hand. I asked her if she could hold onto him while I filled it out and she rolled her eyes and said i'll just put you in a room. Wow, great start. Very pleasant experience so far. So I filled it out and gave it back to a different, more pleasant tech and waited in the room for the vet. It's almost 30 minutes past my appointment time before the vet walked in. He was a very kind and gentle man and was very informative and helpful to Charlie's situation. He wasn't rough with my dog as some vets can be, and he gave me directions and medication for his ears. He answered all my questions and made me feel comfortable. All of that does not excuse his employees behavior and the long wait time when I had an appointment. I would go back for only one reason, I liked the vet and how he handled my dog but  they need to seriously work on customer service.
5	My family has been bringing pets here for 20 years. Dr. Hauck is a FANTASTIC veterinarian! He is patient and gentle with the animals, and very kind to the owners. They do a variety of things: boarding, spay/neutering, tail docking, ear cropping (Our Doberman), inoculations, etc. I wouldn't take my pets anywhere else beside Dr. Hauck!!!*He treats birds too!**The staff is very helpful and kind too!
3	We adopted a kitten from a rescue group who told us we had to take the kitten to this vet for a review, because it is there current vet. Although I find the vets attentive and careful, I think the office is very poorly managed.  We make appointments, but we always get stuck sitting around the waiting room for 30 plus minutes waiting for our turn.  Plus they take walk ins on weekends and from what I can tell the walk ins get priority over the patients with appointments.  The last time I was there they had a vet shortage and several emergencies.  We were just coming in with a routine follow up and ended up stuck in the lobbey with our poor cat in a box for over 2 hours.  I know these things happen, but I wish the staff would have called and asked if we wanted to reschedule or told us the wait would be that bad when we got there so we could reschedule, rather than saying nothing and after 1.5 hours of waiting informing us they have had "issues all day."  Like I said good with your pets and they will catch everything, just wish I didn't have to waste so many of my hours on Saturday waiting to see them.
5	I live 30 minutes away from this clinic, and I don't mind the drive to the opposite side of town because I know my dog will receive fantastic care. All of the vets at the clinic are  friendly and caring to both owners and pets. We most often see Dr. Kenton, and he never makes you feel rushed and patiently answers questions from worried owners. When our dog had to have life saving surgery, Dr. Kenton called us several times during the four days our dog was recovering at the clinic. The clinic will also let you come visit your pet while they recover from surgery. Their vet techs are also fantastic, and the office staff are pleasant to deal with. The clinic isn't the newest or slickest in town, but the services they provide and the prices more than make up for it.
5	I brought my German Shepherd puppy here for the first time after adopting her from Puppy Boutique. Overall, nothing but great things to say. Everyone was nice and helpful. I'm afraid I don't remember the vet's name, but he addressed every concern that I had. If I lived closer I would return!
5	If you have a bird, I strongly recommend Dr. Hauck and his colleagues. We have cockatiels, and this is where we take them for checkups and illnesses. Every time we have been there, Dr. Hauck has taken the time to explain everything to us thoroughly, and answer any questions we have.In addition, I recently found a pigeon with an injured wing. I brought him in, and Dr. Hauck looked at him for no charge, then gave me advice.
5	This review is probably years too late(!), but I have a friend moving to Vegas, which I left in 2005, who has cats and needed a vet recommendation and I instantly recommended Flamingo Pet and the wonderful Dr. Kenton, who took care of my dog Frida, now 12.5yo, and the terrific Dr. Hauck, who took care of my African Gray Jos, who passed away in 2008.  It's a great practice, and they are great vets.  I always remember them being so knowledgeable and with excellent bedside manners, and reasonable.  One of the things I regretted leaving Vegas back then was leaving these great vets behind.
5	I live across town from this clinic but I am willing to drive 30 minutes because the care I have received for my mini-dachshund has been incredible! Dr. Kenton is very helpful and has addressed every concern I've had with wonderful advice. I'm thankful Puppy Boutique sent me here!
5	I've taken my dog here on multiple occasions for shots and check ups. They're great people and very respectful! I have a siberian husky who is a little hyper and talkative, but the staff is always cheerful and great with her. I'd recommend any of the doctors, I'm not particular at this location and have gone to all of them at least once and they're all great! All my questions are always answered (I even do research before and after to verify and they're always spot on with everything I find). The prices are fair and not expensive for their service. I'll continue to come here even though I moved farther away and there are plenty of vet's in my area now, I still prefer these guys over everyone else because they have amazing service and are always friendly!
5	We took our cat Raphael in for some shots and it was a great visit! Dr. Williams  does an amazing job.  He was helpful with some questions we had and was very caring with Raph. We highly recommend him.
1	Would give "0" stars if possible, as after 2 hours waiting, my bird never was seen for his wellness visit and nail trim. Had an 11:00 am appt, and being new to town got a little lost thru airport connector, but courteously called at 11:05 to say I has .7 miles away. I was put on hold and then told I would need to reschedule, as they were backed up already and me being late would make it worse (??). I let her know I had driven from Summerlin and had the bird with me and really inconvenient and was already almost there. Arrived to 2 people in the waiting room, the one lady ahead of me had waited 2 hours herself and had a sick bird. I arrived at 11:10, no one at reception and waited 20 min for someone to inquire if they could help and then acted confused as to what my visit was for, ie why did my bird need to be seen? (Don't you have it listed in the schedule as we discussed at length when inset the appt) Sat there for 90 minutes with no check in by the staff whatsoever -they were more concerned with who didn't have a car to go get lunch at jack in the box. At 12:50 pm, once I was sure previous patients were gone I asked about timing of being seen. She really couldn't say as "an emergency just called in" and they'd have to see them when they arrived. Sat there 10 more minutes hoping to be seen before emergency arrived and nothing. Emergency patient arrived and I left. Not so much as an "I'm sorry for the delays" or a follow up phone call to find out where we went or if they could reschedule. Flamingo Clinic obviously doesn't have enough vets on staff to manage the customer flow, as I have had my bird 6 years and vets in Phoenix and Boston and never been made to wait more than 10-15 minutes. My time is just as valuable as theirs, but they don't seem to get that concept, nor care to have my bird as a regular patient. No worries as have already found several other options who were more than happy to take us in, with much nicer, cleaner facilities. Flamingo Clinic was a very unsettling experience -Rude, non-client centric business-not sure how you stay in business.
4	We got our green cheek conures 5months ago and have seen Dr. Kenton 3 times sice then. Went for a routine exam, wing and nail clippings, and DNA sexing. He and his staff answer all questions thoroughly and address your concerns. He never seems like he's rushing his time with you, and is gentle handling our babies. Finding a good doctor for you or anyone can take multiple tries so I'm happy to have chosen Flamingo Pet on my first try :)
5	They are amazing!!  Always treat us and our babies very well!!  We live all the way out on blue diamond and ft. Apache and the drive is well worth it!
5	Moving here from Chicago in 2000, it was imperative we find a good animal clinic where we could take our 17-year-old parrot Max for care.  Everyone recommended Flamingo Pet Clinic and they were right!  Max visits the clinic about every three months to have his beak trimmed and his wings and nails clipped.  Max loves the staff; they're so gentle with him, and the doctors are so concerned, making sure they address any questions and concerns.  There are also many pet items (foods, treats, vitamins, etc.) for sale at the clinic, and they also will board your pet if you go on vacation.  Through the years Max was boarded there a couple of times for over a week and he loved it!  When we picked him up to take him home he would be very talkative and bossy, a good sign he was comfortable in his home away from home.  Max will have a birthday soon, he'll be 30 years!  He's healthy, active and feisty; thanks for over 14 years of good vet care from Flamingo Pet Clinic!  We'd recommend them always to take care of your family members.
5	Why does the most awesome vet in town have to be located a million miles from my house?!? I was sent here by the place (Puppy Boutique!) where I got my little Frenchie for a free checkup.  I was a little skeptical because it's on the east side and was planning on going for my free visit and then finding somewhere closer to my digs.  Then I met Dr. Williams.  There is just something so awesome about a veterinarian who loves your dog so much he would rather play with him and check him out then interact with his humans! haha.  Believe it or not, I've personally known a vet who hated animals.  One of many bad life choices for him, I guess.  I digress . . .  The front desk staff is really helpful and nice.  This place is obviously beloved by all variety of pet owners.  The waiting area was booming, and I saw several different dogs and even a few kitties.  Dr. Williams is truly the puppy whisperer and their prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely be back.  This place is worth the trek from the Southwest.
5	Although we miss Dr. Hauck very very much ( happy retirement) we still love Dr. Kenton. He did my dogs surgery and I couldn't have asked for a better doctor.
3	As much as we LOVE the vets (especially Dr Williams) the staff SUCKS. The front desk girls NEVER greet you when you walk in, just stare. And the wait time is ridiculous - no matter how early or late you are OR if you call in. (The day before our last visit I called in to make an appointment and I was on hold for 30+ minutes.)
5	I no longer live in Vegas, but when I did. I took my Doberman puppy "Flame" here until we left. Even had his ears cropped here at 10 weeks old. Perfect job. I was referred by a coworker who had 2 Dobies. They are reasonable priced and do a great job with their patients.   .  Problem was I lived on the west side and hated driving there but it was worth the trip. Being in VA I found a good vet but Flamingos vet are still # 1 in my book@
