5	I have been going to Advanced Back and Neck care for many years. The office is very professional.  I've had adjustments, PT and massage therapy and have been very happy with all of their services.  The facility is clean and very nice, the staff is excellent to work with, I never have to wait more than a couple of minutes.  Everyone is warm and friendly. It's a great place.
1	They lost my appointment and left me waiting for a half an hour only to get my massage cut by 10 minutes. They have too much business and i mean nothing to them. Squeeze another cow into the trailer and make that profit.
5	I've been a regular with chiropractors and massage therapists (and a few physical therapists) for over 20 years. This is in the top 2% of all the above. I do not say that lightly.  They provided excellent services and the people are friendly and accommodating - not that I've had poor service at competitors but just need to point out these guys/gals are top of the charts.My only regret is not finding them years sooner.
4	I went last week on a Living Social Deal, the office was very nice and it was very easy to make an appointment.  Upon arriving for my massage I found the staff to be very very friendly and professional however I did not have a good experience with my massage.  I few days later I called the office just to inform them of my experience not wanting anything but to give feedback.  Amy was more than interested in my experience and immediately offered me another massage by a different therapist.  I just returned from my massage with Heather and it was great.  Again the office staff were more than courteous.  I then received a call from Dr. McDonald asking how things went.  I would return again based on their customer service.
5	My mom & I couldn't leave the parking lot without commenting on the excellent service we just received! I had a full body massage with Kim & my mom's LMT was Amanda. They both were professional, kind & most importantly, skilled! What a treat to leave relaxed & refreshed! The atmosphere was calm & inviting and the staff was extreme pleasant. Go right now! Book it!
4	I was at my sports doc today and told them about this facility, I went for a massage and got a!!!!! great!!!!!! massage. I wasn't looking for a rub down , I needed a massage., I used to be a LMT and Im pretty snobbish to technique. ( Michelle) gave me my massage ( I think it was Michelle, I had her card out today, to give someone her info to go get a massage, and that's what reminded me that I wanted to comment here, but sadly I may have lost it :( I know she has all boys....and one girl ;0)) no kidding its been over a week and I still feel grateful for her service . I was attended to as soon as I walked in, after showed me around a bit, and when im in need I feel this will be my ' go to' place
5	Been going here for the last couple months for my sporadic "destress" massages.Amazing!Listen to all your needs and give  you everything you want/need and nothing more!Thx!
4	The physician who treats my chronic pain condition recommended I try some massages to see if they might help mitigate the pain.  My first visit to Advanced Back and Neck Care was a pleasant surprise (used a Groupon voucher).  They worked on my neck and back for nearly an hour and I left feeling better than I have in a very long time.
1	BEWARE!  Just a note to stay clear of this place when being upsold on added services.  They will tell you it's not out of pocket, and insurance will be billed, and then bill you months later in FULL.  Almost a bait & switch tactic in my opinion, since patients TRUST doctors and will sign what is needed prior to treatment.  This place abuses that trust - BEWARE!!
4	A well run professional health care facility. Michelle gave a fantastic massage.  I left loosened up and discomfort free
5	Advanced Back & Neck is amazing! It is one of the best places I have ever been! They do a lot of things like message, physical therapy, and chiropractic adjustments. I would definitely go back here. Their customer service is fantastic and everybody there are all friendly!! :D :)
5	Finally a great deep tissue massage! I will be back :) Ask for Shanice if you want trigger point therapy. She's awesome!
4	I purchased a groupon for a massage to check out their establishment and was very impressed by all the different types of physical therapy and manual therapies they have to offer. Staff is very friendly and courteous and the office is very clean and they seem to be well organized. Dr. McDonald is super friendly and always smiling . If you get a massage they have many therapists and extended hours so it shouldn't be a problem to get in quickly. Keep in mind that it states right on the groupon that your massage is for 50 minutes only not 60 , the therapists have to allow time to interview you to see what your specific needs are and to undress/dress and then they need to change out the linens and clean the space . Overall I highly recommend this practice !
4	I was so happy to see a familiar face when checking in for my massage after buying a coupon.  This is a very nice facility.
3	As so many reviews begin... I purchased a Groupon. $25 for 60 minute massage. It was money very well spent. I received the best massage ever from Tammy! She was so intuitive and new exactly what to do.I ended up coming back and having some adjustments done. The rest of the staff is nice and friendly, but not spectacular. I scheduled another massage but was told Tammy was no longer there. I still got the massage but it was not even close to as good.5 Stars for Tammy. 3 for the rest of the place.
5	I purchased a Living Social deal for a massage. I had a great massage... can't beat the price. $25 for an hour.  Plus, they offered 2 more at the same price.  Money very well spent. I was impressed by all of the physical therapies and treatments available at the office.
4	My wife had very good experience .  The place was very professional.
5	Had a great massage at a great intro price.  also had an overview tour of facility and the services offered.  Very impressive.  I will go back.
