1	Although the price was cheap and the location decent, I had a TERRIBLE experience at the Ramada. Do not stay here! I did as suggested by other travelers and requested a newly renovated room for a slightly higher price for night. The room itself was nice, but the walls were paper thin- I was kept awake every night because of people talking quietly or watching the TV at a low volume in the next room, not to mention people yelling and talking outside, and I was on the third floor. The included continental breakfast was also quite bad- the fruit was canned and in syrup; there were almost no vegetarian options.The biggest issue I had, though, is one of safety and service. The night I checked in, I woke up at 4 AM to the sound of someone opening my door and trying to enter my room. Luckily, I had locked the security latch so the door would not open completely. I heard the door shut and then open again, and yelled to the intruder to leave. I ran to the door and looked out the peep hole- two ladies, each holding half-finished beers with the remainder of a case between them and seeming intoxicated, had key cards with access to my guest room. I called the front desk and immediately reported the event and demanded that their keys be confiscated. A few minutes later, I went to the front desk myself to discuss the situation and explain how scared and upset I was by this incident. The woman at the front desk said that a computer glitch had caused my room to appear unused, so she assigned it to these ladies in the middle of the night. She promised to leave a note about the situation and told me to talk to the manager in the morning. She never left the note nor informed any superiors about my mishap. I approached the manager the next morning and explained the situation. He didn't seem to have much of a reaction to this unsafe and unsettling event, but he promised to look into it and asked me a few questions about my checkout date. I never heard any follow-up information from the manager or any staff member.  Even after contacting the company after leaving the hotel, the only feedback I ever got was an automated email letting me know I had been enrolled in the Ramada Rewards Program, which I am still trying to unsubscribe from.  Nice gesture, right?
3	Got a room here through Hotwire. The plusses-room was clean, comfortable and big. The air conditioner worked great even though it was 112 outside. Like the huge shower, but water leaks out on the floor. The minuses-the check-in clerk was having computer problems and acted like he was listening, but wasn't. We asked for one king and he said ok, but got two queens. Not a big deal, but...We put all of our stuff away in the room and went out for the evening. When we got back at about 11:00, we were going to watch TV, but our TV did not work. How do you put people on a room with a TV that doesn't work? You KNOW housekeeping knows it doesn't work. Then  even though our "do not disturb" sign was hanging on the door, and we activated the electronic "do not disturb" sign, we were awakened at 8:45am by someone trying to enter the room. I went to the door to look through the security viewer, but they had left without being able to open the door. I went back to bed and about 10 minutes later I hear someone trying again. I got up and this time they were successful, but the security latch kept them from opening the door. I said "Can't you read?" and she said "Sorry, I was told you checked out."To me, the minuses greatly outweigh the plusses (especially since at least one other reviewer had a similar problem with mgmt thinking a room was vacant that wasn't). We won't stay here again. To many other good options in the area.
1	BANG BANG BANG on our door at 4 am by the front desk clerk!!!  Why? Ok, let's start at the beginning.  Phoenix has an overabundance of budget adequate chain motel/hotel rooms, and we figured this was one of them.  When we arrived the day before Thanksgiving, 2011, we found a full-on construction site, so much so that we could NOT find the way INTO the hotel.  Eventually a workman snaked our way though to an incomplete lobby and we went up to our room.  AT FIRST LOOK, this newly redecorated room looked and smelled clean, and even had a somewhat upscale interior design for a budget motel. (This Ramada is becoming a Holiday Inn we were told).  But it was downhill after that.  The water was turned off and we did not have water until three hours after we arrived.  We turned on the air conditioner because it was in the 80's and the window does not open. WELL, we might as well have been in an airplane test hangar because it is SO unrelentingly LOUD that you cannot hear the TV...at all...and I have great hearing.  We eventually realized that the Air Conditioner / Heat Pump individual unit, while there IS a wall thermostat, only has ONE setting and...it is HIGH. (Lo and Med still blast at HIGH intensity).  Little by little, the fault became apparent to us...this was a cosmetic touchup, but the important things were missing like....a BATH TUB...there is no tub, just a shower with a shower head that barely yields a dribble of water....the TV is an old TUBE TV and it is blurry and scrambled and two calls to the desk (no one answers the extensions) brought no results.  Speaking of the bathroom, there is no window, no fan, and an ill-fitting toilet seat that shifts loudly to one side each time you "alight".  Many have complained about their odd shoji pocket door to the bathroom which bounces back open, and clipped my husband's hand twice. As others have mentioned, there are paperthin walls APPARENTLY, because we woke up at 4 am to watch the news.  We are very conscious as we live in a condo to keep our TV down.  Nonetheless, with this HORRENDOUSLY loud wall unit air conditioner, if you want to hear the TV, you have to turn it up and we did NOT turn it up as much as we would like to, but....BANG BANG BANG on our door a few minutes after we had gotten up.   The Front Desk Clerk rudely said when I opened the door (which is freaky at 4 am) -"The neighbors complained about the noise and I could hear it all the way down the hall" - **Note to Manager: GOOD LUCK RAMADA/HOLIDAY INN when it is 110 degrees outside and people have their TV's up much louder than we did to combat the a/c on UNRELENTING HIGH.  Trust me, there will be multiple complaints every night.  Other reviews of this motel have mentioned the same complaints.  I was planning on telling the desk clerk when we checked out after 3 nights about some of these "constructive ideas" for their own benefit.  However, the checkout clerk looked like he was NOT open to  input (probably overdosed on complaints), so I refrained.  Basically, the owners have cheaped out on this major remodel. .  If you read this, Ramada/Holiday Inn Manager, at the very least you need to get an electrician to REWIRE the thermostat to get a  LOW FAN setting on the a/c wall unit, buy new TVs, replace the toilet seat, change out the bathroom shoji door and shoot some insulation into the walls.  And, we're just not all that picky!
