5	Sometimes a place, an event, a meeting of soul and spirit happens that is to be one of those life events in a place that will change you forever. I was invited to attend a High Tea at the Tea Court at the Arizona Biltmore, which I had no way of knowing was to be one of those life changing events.Oh, I've been to High Tea before, but never one that provided an experience that was so intense, yet so relaxing that the world passed us by and we were totally unaware of more than the Tea Sommelier and his depth of knowledge of the Teas, the Delectables and the Pastries we were served.The Tea Court sits just across from the main lobby in the Arizona Biltmore. It is in its own alcove with an invisible veil that you feel immediately upon entering the space. The hustle & bustle of weddings, tourists, hotel guests and staff are so close, yet the veil is somehow protecting the Tea Court from the constant activity. The peace of the Tea Sommelier's words and the calm heart you feel knowing you are where you were meant to be at this very moment in your life.The Tea Sommelier, Kevin Michael Doyle, was where he was born to be. He has found his rightful place in this world and he knows it. He feels it and anyone who listens to his words knows that he is an expert and that he truly loves this very moment in time.We experienced Black Currant Tea, African Solstice herbal infusion, Ginger and Pear White Tea. The Delectables included Smoked Salmon, Creme Fraiche, Cucumber, Sweet Red Onion, and Capers on Pumpernickel; Dill and Shrimp Salad Cherry Tomatoes; Lobster Basil Salad in Profiterole Crisp and many more . . . plus the Pastry selections included a Schnepf Farms Peach Mousse Swan, a handmade Turtle Truffle, White & Dark chocolate swirl strawberries, and many more . . . the elegance of the Tea Court touched that spirit that lies hidden within us all.I can think of no place I would have rather spent an entrancing Saturday afternoon that with a small alumni group and Dean Gangone than at the Biltmore Tea Court with Kevin Michael Doyle. The Tea Court at the Biltmore - One item on my bucket list checked off that I didn't even know was there.
5	My girlfriend and I treated ourselves to the 2pm tea and had such a lovely time.  The service was very friendly but is not fast.  The whole experience should be Savored and not rushed so I'd attend with someone you enjoy talking to!  The food was excellent and we tried 5 different teas in total.  We had a crazy time parking due to an event at the hotel but the server was so kind about it and gave us some tea to take home for our "trouble".  I thought this was above & beyond and was surprised by the gesture.  I'd recommend it and would love to go again soon!
5	This is High Tea as it should be: delicious and unusual teas presented by a well-versed, knowledgeable and very personable tea sommelier, Kevin Michael Doyle and the equally pleasant and attentive Julie. Add in delicacies that taste like angels were in the kitchen preparing them and the 1929 ambiance of the Biltmore and you enjoy a relaxing and entertaining experience befitting royalty. I could go on, believe me, but Rachel C.'s Yelp review dated 4/7/2013 expresses my feelings so accurately, it is not necessary for me to be redundant.Thank you for helping to make my beloved uncle's 80th birthday a special day indeed.
