4	Finally someone who cut my 15 yr olds hair made him happy. Anyone who can do that deserves "hats off"!!!!
5	This is the BEST barbershop!!!  VERY SKILLED and friendly!
5	If your from So Cal, and didn't have time to get lineup before hitting up the clubs in Vegas over the weekend, this is place to go.  For one, two of the barbers are Lakers fans, and all we talked about was the game they played last night.  Everybody is friendly.  Got my cut from a Filipino guy named Ray, and he hooked me up with a nice low fade taper and lineup.  This will be my Vegas barber shop every time I'm in town.
3	i would recommend this barbershop to anyone looking for a fresh cut.  The directions to get there were kind of weird.  U cut my hair and did a good job.
4	This place is great! I took my son there for his line up and shadow fade and Justin did a really good job. He made sure the lines where straight and it was even. I've taken my son to other spots and this place is the cream of the crop =) Check them out. The place has a homie feeling. Not homie like in whats up gangsta but more like a home like feeling. They make you feel comfortable and when the game is on, dont worry about missing it cause they will have it playing
5	Was at a local gym shooting hoops and needed a place for my son to get numbered up (see photo section).  I asked a couple of locals and they recommended this place.  It is a super chill barbershop.  Luigi did exactly what I asked for.  The price was fair.  I couldn't ask for anything more.
4	Went in this morning because I was looking for a new shop in the area, a little closer to home. I was greeted by Darius when I walked in and set up an appointment for 12:30. Now, I had done this at another local shop, and when I arrived, ended up waiting for over an hour. However, when I arrived at Hats Off at 12:30, I hopped right in the chair and Darius proceeded with my cut. I know it sounds silly to be impressed with a barber actually honoring an appointment, but hey, things done changed. Aside from the cut being exactly what I asked, the best part was the fact that there wasnt much conversation. I know some people like to speak to their barbers while in the chair, but I'd much rather he focus on the task at hand. And that he did. So I would definitely recommend Hats Off. Darius got me right and I will definitely be back next week for a lineup.
5	I really felt like I was at home from the first second I walked into the shop.  I truly had one of the best hair cutting experiences in my life.  I appreciated seeing such freedom,  confidence, and cultural heritage. Bird is the owner and who help give me such a wonderful experience.  She is a great barber. It seemed to me that all the other barbers in the shop were go as well.
4	It's best to make an appointment or come on Wednesdays so you won't have to sit around and wait. The shop is decorated very odd like, but the barbers there are great. I've been going to Luiggi and never had a problem. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere to talk shop is great. Cool little joint,
1	My boyfriend waited 2 hours for NO haircut. It should just be an appointment only place if a walk in has to wait over 2 hours! Either that or they'll only cut your hair if they know you. I guess if you are going to try this place it's required to make an appointment. The sign in sheet is just a blank piece of computer paper and their TV is from 1998. Oh and there's a piece of paper that says if you make an appointment be prepared to wait up to 15 minutes. Their chairs are probably from 1998 too. It's dusty everywhere, their candy machine has no candy, and their arcade machine doesn't work. I'm probably just being super critical because 2 hours for no service is ridiculous!
4	The wait was kind of long but the shop was clean, neat, and diverse.  Thats some what of a rarity in California which is where I'm from. Joe is the man to see I love the way he does my kids line ups. Overall its a good barber shop.
5	Reviewed the wrong business and now I can't delete it, so I'll just leave a good review :)
5	I walked in today and Instantly got an open chair.  I told her i wanted a medium fade and she cut me better than any barber that ive been to in las vegas so far.  On top of that, very quick and precise on my hair. Couldnt have asked for better. very good quality barbershop.
5	Got a taper. Looks simple but hard af to do. Mostly black barbers but thats what i usually go for because fades and tapers are their bread and butter. Plus, they know how to cut asian hair which is a plus. This establishment has been here for awhile so they know what theyre doing.  So if you coming off the street like you look like you coming off the street then stop by here and theyll do you right.
