1	I was excited to go to the lululemon athletica at Scottsdale Quarter because I really enjoyed shopping at the previous store that closed in Scottsdale. Well something has changed... I walked into the store and while there were more sales clerks than customers, no one said a word to me and no one asked if I needed any help. They were all too busy talking with one another. And to add insult to to injury... one clerk had to walk around me (didn't ask if I needed help) and went to play with one of the customers dogs.... I had fully intended to buy a Christmas gift there, but left because the service was so poor and I did need help with the sizing.   I went over to the Nike store and had a totally different experience, very positive.  I'll stick with Lucy and Nike where they appreciate their customers.
5	This is my new favorite store for workout attire.  Not only are the materials of the highest quality (they have made it through several washes and still look brand new) but everything fits perfectly. At 6'5" 200lbs I have a hard time finding clothes that fit. Particularly long sleeve shirts with sleeves long enough at the arms without being too baggy around the waist. And the staff here are incredible helpful. I felt like I had my own personal shopping assistant trying her best to ensure I found just the right items.  The only downside is that everything is expensive. On the flipside the clothes seem very durable. I have a hunch I may end up saving money in the long run. And lastly - they actually have size 14 socks. And the most comfortable socks I have ever worn. Amazing!
5	This store has the most upbeat friendly staff I have ever met. They are extremely helpful and know a lot about the products they sell. I have bought numerous items from this store and they all look awesome and feel better. I love lululemon.
2	Visited the Scottsdale Quarter location for the first time after meeting a friend for a quick bite at True Food. Although a bit pricey, I love the quality and feel of Lulu gear. The store was bright and well stocked. The reason for the two star review, in a word, service. (I am not sure that I could ever give a store a one star review) There were two sales people that I noticed when I walked in. A blonde girl was ringing up a customer and a brunette was assisting another with his selections. There were three customers in the store, myself included. No worries, I like to shop by myself anyway. I grabbed a shirt and a pair of shorts and walked towards the register. Blonde was still ringing up the same customer and it became apparent that they knew each other - at least through mutual friends or experience. They were talking at length about the new uniforms for the ASU spirit squad/dance team/ cheer squad - whatever. Blonde glanced at me disdainfully, and continued her conversation which included friends that they may share, how the uniform they had when she was at ASU chaffed her arms, blah blah blah. Blonde finished ringing up customer I move to hand her my gear. At this point sales girl extraordinaire walks right past me and comes around to continue her conversation with the customer (who, to be fair, looked like she just wanted to get the hell out of there). So, I sheepishly allow my extended arms to drop and continue to shift my weight standing by the register. Brunette comes around the corner with her customer in tow and walks to register number two. She glances nervously at blonde and asks me if I am still waiting to be helped. I nod affirmatively, with the fervent hope that she will ring me up, but to no avail. She starts to remove the tags from her customer's 10 piece order. At this point, blonde acknowledges me, touches my arm and says tersely, "I'll be right with you." Blonde continues conversation for long enough for Brunette to finish removing security tags on all ten items, ring said items up and swipe customer's credit card. Only when it became apparent that Brunette was about ready to finish the sale did Blonde wrap up her conversation. She hugged it out with customer, suggested that she could still be on the squad because she still hasn't received her degree, and slid back around to the register. Perhaps noticing my frustration, her final comment to me was, "I guess people just want to chat and catch up when they come in here." Not me.
5	Avid yogi - I plan to get buried in my Lu Lu garb!A little vain perhaps, but I love that I can coordinate a whole ensemble, and feel stylish, yet comfortable and practical whether it be in class, or out and about doing chores on a Sunday afternoon. Luon, their in-house fabric washes like a dream and fits like a second skin.  The whole brand culture is great - with class suggestions, teacher endorsements etc. We all identify with brands... and I put this one right up there next to 'Apple' for its functional usability and desirability!Nothing compares. Period.
2	I'm on the fence between 2-3 stars.I've been a LULU shopper for a while now. I've made "friends" with this store's employees so they are very nice to me 'now'.My first visit, not so much. The workers are 'sort of friendly' but not 'nice' until they see you are buying more than just a sports bra. The store is always clean and tidy, and they are pretty helpful to find sizes for you if they are not busy with someone else. Like others have said in their reviews... they help someone and ignore the rest. I don't like that idea. You're left just sort of standing there until someone is 'free'. I think the prices are outrageous. Obviously not the store's problem, so i'm not counting that against them. What I will count against them is the quality of the price.  My pushURlimits tank had straps that flopped and twisted weird in the wash the first time I washed it. When I brought it back (4days old) they said they have 'NEVER seen that before'... when soon to find, I had three friends return theirs for doing the same thing to that very store a few days before. I have a pair of groove pants that are a month or two old and are tearing at the seams, and it's not because they are not the right size. Once I bought a scuba hoodie in a size 6 and decided I needed the 8 about 15 minutes after buying it. I walked around the Quarter for 15 minutes and came back to the store to exchange it. A different employee helped me at the register and was SO RUDE. She rudely said, "um, well we don't return merchandise without a tag attached" I rudely said right back, "well... bought this 15 minutes ago. Look at the receipt. In fact, when I tried it out and then bought it, the tag was NEVER attached.... it was in the pocket the WHOLE time. You had NO problem selling it to me like that...". She exchanged the item and asked if I wanted to purchase anything else and other than that had no conversation and said thanks again as I walked out. I just dropped $108 on a jacket. It seemed like she was pissed I didn't buy more.They don't like strollers in the store. Aisles are small and they give you odd looks as your kids make some noise. I realize I shouldn't be bringing my kids in... but sometimes I have no other choices. NOW- though, they're good. They are nice to ME, but I feel only because I go there so often they know me. Does anyone know if they work off commission?
5	You CAN look good and sweat at the same time.  I love Lululemon gear and it stands up to my most difficult workout.  The staff here is incredible and will spend as much time as you need finding sizes and helping with fit.
1	Experienced horrible customer service here today. This store had sent me a jacket that an employee at a Los Angeles store had ordered for me over the phone. Unfortunately, the jacket didn't fit and I was in a search to find any store in the country with this jacket in my correct size (it's discontinued). The man on the phone flat-out refused to help me. He claimed they were too busy. He suggested that I drive to any store in Northern California to check in person (this is after I had told him of the unliklihood of this jacket existing anywhere, and that a drive to any store would take me over two hours). He preferred that I spend several hours driving from location to location across Northern California and searching for this elusive jacket, instead of taking 3 minutes out of his day to run the search in his computer. An awful exxperience, and I will be complaining to corporate.
5	These are seriously the best workout clothes EVER! They last forever and they fit amazingly in all the right places.  Only workout garb that doesn't bunch, tug, or ride up anywhere.  Free hemming even after you've taken your stuff home. Even my husband now wears it and LOVES it. That is a feat!
5	lululemon is the best clothing store to hit Scottsdale since Ross. Even though exercise shorts there cost more than an evening in Tijuana they are worth every penny. So what if the pants there cost $160? They are awesome. Would Batman ever question Alfred about how much he paid for the Batmobile? No. Because the Batmobile is awesome and Batman would have paid any price for it. The men's side of the store doesn't carry a wide collection but what I did find was more magical than the sorting hat at Hogwarts. Everything is so comfortable and if you're overweight most of the pants and shorts have elastic so you don't look like a muffin when you put them on. I also like the workers there too. They are friendly and helpful and helped me understand that even if I liked some of the women's shirts there it would not be a good idea for me to purchase one and wear it. But I love teal I cried! If you haven't been to lululemon that probably means you hate small animals.
5	My favorite store on the planet! The staff at this location are very friendly & super helpful. It's hard to leave the store empty handed. Usually there is a sale rack so that lessens the blow because the clothes here don't come cheap.I can't wait to come for a class on Sunday morning!
5	This is a super happy place. I need to get another job so that I can buy the whole store. Seriously the most effective workout clothes on the market. If it looks, fits and feels great, it's hard not to wear it with purpose! Great yoga mats too. In Store Yoga with some of the most awesome teachers in the Valley? Yes please!Lulu Ambassadors that are as awesome as awesome gets? Yeah buddy! Across from some of the yummiest places to go eat after rewarding myself for making it to Sunday morning yoga? 5 stars indeed!
3	I'm on the fence about lulu because of the controversy surrounding the brand, the prices that just seem ridiculous for clothes to sweat in and the fact that the expense makes them hip (particularly in North Scottsdale), but people are not even sweating in them! That being said, I do practice yoga and I can't deny that the clothes are cute, comfy and functional in classes. I love everything I've bought here...a few tops with built-in bras, speed shorts that are great for running and wunder under crops. Although the place is crawling with too many spirited workers for the small space, they are all helpful and friendly - they've always had something to say to me about local events. I also love the community yoga they offer as a partner with local studios - the practices I've been to have been great.
4	Some people say that Lululemon is a cult because the founder encourages people to live up to their potential, but I say its a cult because they make some of the best exercise clothing out there and once you wear it you'll want to join the cult as well.Sure, its expensive, but they do have sales and considering the work that you probably put into your workout, buying clothes that work, look great, and will last is well worth it.This location is easy to find in the Scottsdale Quarter, sales associates are very friendly, and like all Lululemon stores it offers weekly free yoga classes.So whether you're a Yoga veteran or a beginner like me, go check out Lululemon at the Quarter and you'll probably walk away happy.Namaste
4	Gahhhhhhh I love these clothes... Now if only the price would come down like 50%.
4	I have been to all three lulus in the valley, and this one at SQ has been my favorite! The employees were super nice and cool, but not in a fake, over the top way. There was also a great selection. Warning. These products are ADDICTING. And on the expensive side (which I'm sure you already know). You might spend every paycheck here. Oops.
5	Best workout clothes EVER!!!
4	Been to Lulus all over Phoenix and even Los Angeles, but this one seems to have the friendliest crew!  Expensive workout clothes, especially when you know you're just gonna sweat in them but they're most comfy and they last forever!  No dryer though or fabric softener, hang dry only.  Complimentary hemming which is a plus for short people like me...
1	Showed up 2 minutes after closing time w a store full of people.  My three girls and wife are super disappointed. Not very customer friendly.  Tried to call the manager and nobody seems to care.  It must be nice to treat customers like this and not care.  To make things worse the voice mail has different store hours then what they used this night???From a dad who owns a business and would never treat a customer this way.  Jon
3	I know yoga should not be about fashion but I really like their pants. With that said, I'm really embarrassed to wear their clothing because of the reputation lulu has in the yoga community.  Sigh. What a yogi to do? Be the laughing stock of the yoga studio and wear lulu or settle for another brand?
5	Thank you for being the best location for customer service.. I live on camelback road around 24th street which would mean that the Biltmore and Scottsdale fashion are closer to my house.. So why do I make my way to the extra drive to see this location? Because this location is by the best in the valley of the sun (even better then Chandler) the service is fabulous! Not to much can we help you or you should get this and this.. But genuine wanting to assist you in finding what ever you could need for a work out.There has been times when they don't have a size or color and they will call other locations or even log on and check the web to help you! When you have. Issue with a item they always try to make it right.. Its work out clothes things happen but they do a great job at helping you.
5	I love when I can go into a store and they have all the things I wanted that I saw online and you are in and out of there! Staff was great showing me where everything was, waiting in line didn't take forever even though it was pretty full in there. Ended up buying more stuff than I had originally planned but hey, walked out with a smile and new work out clothes! Got my mom a few tanks and got my cousin a new jacket, all in all a great shopping experience! Glad we came here!
4	Sunday morning yoga is awesome because it's outside under the beautiful palm trees. The teacher wasn't the best when I went, and it goes without saying that the clothing is overpriced. However, I buy it anyway because it's super cute and top of the line. Their pants last forever, I swear!
5	Obsessed with Lululemon! The store is super easy to find and looks small from the outside but is actually pretty big once you go in! Super clean and organized store. All the employees are very friendly and helpful. The dressing rooms are pretty spacious and are always clean. I have nothing bad to say about the store or the company I love it so much. The prices are a little high but for the quality you get it is worth spending more that will last you forever!
5	I love this store! The clothing sold at this store is amazing! This store is always so organized and the stuff is usually friendly! The prices are a little high but the quality of the items are worth it! I am so glad this store is here!
4	I have to say this is probably one of the BEST lululemon locations I have ever been to and this is including California and various places in Portland, Seattle, etc. I really liked this store because the staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The store was very organized and everything was where it was supposed to be. I had gone to one other store in Phoenix earlier and they couldn't even demo the infinity scarf to me because they said they didn't know how ... hmm ...The check out was fast, the staff even recommended the food place next door and gave specifics (not just a blank sale) so I am totally digging this store. I recommend it for all your lulu needs :)
2	I'm surprise they are still around since Lululemon has been forced out of cities (such as in Cambridge, Ma) by its citizens or forced to close their doors because of lack of profit.Lululemon is a sexist and racist company that fat shames their own customers. They exploit their employees in the Us and abroad.
5	My absolute favorite store. I love the location of this store. The workout clothes in here are a bit pricy BUT you get what you pay for. The clothes here is made so well that it actually flatters you. I call it the spanx of workout clothes. I only workout in lulu lemon clothes.
