5	Great service and relaxing atmosphere.
5	I have been getting acupuncture here and love it!  I had my first massage a few days ago from Zach, and will definitely be coming back!
4	Zach has made me a believer in acupuncture! I had been curious of its benefits for some time and finally found a place I wanted to try. Since August, I've had 6 acupuncture appointments and am honestly feeling better physically than I have in a while.  Zach is incredibly friendly and welcoming. After a brief, but thorough review of my health history, it was time to get on the table.  Tiny needles are places at various locations depending on your ailments... I've had them from my toes up to my hands and back of my head. Not all at once of course!  It is wild how you feel muscles instantly react to placement of the needles and within moments, the completely chill feeling that overcomes you.  I nearly fall asleep within minutes of beginning treatment.  I ended up getting in a car accident and worked acupuncture into my recovery with amazing results. I had a variety of techniques including acupuncture, cupping, scraping and massage.  My bf and 2 coworkers have also been here and had great massages and acupuncture experiences.  No 2 visits will contain the same treatment, but you will leave feeling better than when you walked in.  I honestly feel I will do acupuncture for most any ailment that strikes me and I recommend you do the same!The scheduling is done online and you can typically get in for an appointment within a week if your schedule is flexible.
5	I have been going to the Lotus Wellness Center for acupuncture for over 6 months and am impressed with the center, Zach's knowledge and my results. I began going to treat my skin (breakouts), which has cleared up dramatically. I was able to avoid going on antibiotics, as my dermatologist recommended, and instead take an all natural route of acupuncture and herbs. I am extremely pleased and would recommend Zach without reservation.
5	I have been getting acupuncture from Zach at the Lotus Wellness Center since November 2013. I was referred by a friend and it has been the best thing I have done! Zach has been able to work out the pain and stiffness in my neck and back. I have tried many different types of treatments with no success, until I went to Zach. He is very attentive and truly has a gift with acupuncture! He also recommended that I take some herbs along with the acupunture which helped speed up the process of me getting better.  I now only see Zach every few weeks because my health has improved so much and the pain is gone!  I would highly recommend him to anyone. Several of my friends now see him because they saw the improvement that I had!
5	10 years ago I hurt my lower back badly in a ski accident. Since then, I have experimented with a variety of treatment methods (including acupuncture) all to no avail. Last year, after a car accident, my girlfriend came across Lotus through groupon. She was so impressed with her treatment results that she bought me a package deal for my birthday. Given my failed past experience with it (I went every week for 6 months and never felt any better at all), you could say I had LOW expectations, but it was a gift so I went along with it. Luckily I couldn't have been more wrong! It was clear to me after my second treatment that Zach knew what he was doing. We did a mixture of acupuncture, stem, cupping and scraping and from the get-go my back felt better than it had IN YEARS. It was incredible. I now go once a week and if I miss an appointment, I feel it! I've since added on a foot reflexology session every week as well. If you cherish your feet, it will NOT disappoint. Zach flat out does amazing work. The needles are tiny and there is rarely any pain at all (every once in a while he'll hit a "sweet spot" which gives you a little zinger. Its a strange feeling for sure, but not painful). I've since learned that you can treat just about anything using acupuncture and after the things he's been able to do for myself and a handful of friends I've referred to him, I'd believe it! If you're unsure, give it ONE session and I can pretty much guarantee that you'll be convinced, that's all it took me!
