3	One of the local watering holes near my new home here. We stop in from time to time. The bartenders are nice, the people in the place are nice and they have golden tee (me and the hubby like to play). I haven't had any food here yet. Decent local bar to hang at. Nothing fancy, just a bar :) If you're a gambler they have gambling at the bar.
4	Heck yes.  This place hit the spot for my hangover Sunday breakfast.  All I needed was the skillet of eggs and potatoes to do me right.  But then I got ambushed by the Super Coffee.  While I didn't partake in the coffee nor the Bloody Mary's that everybody else seemed to love, I just needed some straight black coffee.  The bartender is awesome and will accommodate the games you want.  Me will be back.
4	The breakfast here is awesome!  The staff has always been friendly and prompt with drink refills. I would defiantly recommend if your looking for good food at a great price.
3	Attended a BNI meeting at this location. Food and service were very good.
1	Fuck this place. Showed up with 50+ people for one of our hammer & cycle bike rides and the bartender said we were being too loud and running off her customers. We were all paying customers and were not even loud to the 5 other people that were there. Fuck that place you just lost the best night you probably every had!!!!
1	I wish I could leave no stars for this place. My bicycle club and I made this our meeting spot for our monthly ride. We bought drinks and food, and apparently the female bartender had an issue with us from the moment we walked in. We were shushed by her, because a bar as CLASSY as this shouldn't have any noisy paying fucking customers. We were also told our cars may be towed if we left them in the parking lot. We proceeded to move all of our vehicles off property. One particular dickhead customer even told us falsely that the police had been called. Lady, why on earth would you turn away 35 people in favor of your precious 5 regulars? I've never seen or heard of something more rude and ridiculous in Vegas. Fuck this place, their patrons and especially that female bartender. You just lost LOTS of future business as we will tell everyone we know not to waste money on the subpar service here. Lame.
1	Screw this place! Rude to us! We came to hit up new bars and get them new ppl! But apparently they just want max of a few five or so ppl! Never going back or letting my friends go there.
1	Worst experience ever!! Showed up for our BICYCLE club ride. 35 of us came in to drink.eat. & socialize. Bartender on  saturday night March15th around 7pm was EXTREMELY. rude...Made us feel very unwelcome!!! Guess our money wasn't good enough! Check your cameras MAGOOS...we did nothing wrong but show up!!!
