3	Typical divebar. Punk rock crowd. It's located in an industrial park area of town. Not the best location. Looks to have recent addition of backroom. Backroom has no character. Feels like a hotel ballroom. Come on guys.... Invest in some stage lighting. Overall..... Don't expect much. Nonsmokers need not enter.
4	It's kind of a sketchy looking place when you walk in. Few pool tables and some neon beer signs. The sort of place where you would expect Patrick Swayze to walk in and start beating people over the head with que sticks. The bar girls are very friendly and the man cans of Pabst are only $3.50 (Booya!). The stage area in the back feels more like a class room but that's cool. Once in while they bring in some decent comedy. And my personal favorite from my last visit was the creepy dude in the corner with a briefcase. Yeah a real briefcase. Seriously, what's in there? Scarface phone? A bunch of coke? Briefs? The curiosity was killing me but I couldn't muster up the strength to actually find out. Maybe next time, guess I'll have to go back.
1	I will go for Las Vegas Burlesque Live! Otherwise, getting a drink from that lame chick, Marie, is like delivering bad news to someone who's cat just got ran over. What really pisses me off, is the last time I was there, I asked for a cup of water. It was loud due to the live band playing. She brought me a bottle. I politely told her a cup would be fine. The look that bitch gave me...I wanted to slap it right off of her face. First of all, it's your f'n job. Second, I have worked in this biz for over 15 years and I appreciate an upsale. The bar was busy, so it really wasn't necessary. Third, Don't assume a bottle is what I wanted. And then get pissed because I didn't want it after we just bought 5 drinks. You are lame and I will tell everyone I know about you. The owner is super friendly and gets it. She knows what she is there for. I think Marie needs a hug. Even so, it probably wouldn't change her rotten attitude. A few months back, before leaving, I came up and left a tip for the night. It was pretty big. Do you think I got any love? So I haven't left a tip since and she just reinforces my decision. Yay for Cha Cha's Burlesque shows! Boo for the bitter bartender. I'll just wait and go somewhere else, like Frankie's, where I get treated better. Thanks! But NO THANKS! Lame.
5	Hellz, yeah, Boomers!Who doesn't like boobies??  You can't find that person.  I challenge you!Live Burlesque has their monthly show here and it is fantastic!  I like that you can reserve a booth so you can feel like a big shot Rat Pack member whilst watching the sparkly ladies take off their unmentionables!Drinks are totally reasonable.  Not over-priced like you'll find on the strip!Come to the Halloween show!  Yours truly will be performing along with a stellar cast.  A good time will be had, for certain!
4	Came here for New Years Eve and the burlesque show. It was a really great time. This place is a total dive bar, but I like my bars divey. The burlesque show was very good, very funny and the room is small enough where most seats are good seats.This has been mentioned in other reviews, but the Boom Boom Room (where the burlesque show is) is quite small. So get there early unless you want to sit in the back.The crowd was lively and fun. I had no problems with the service either, everyone was really great.  There isnt much around here though, I don't live in Vegas, so I couldn't tell you whats even close. Its like a totally random business area. I wish they had the show more then once a month tho! :(
5	Nothing to complain about.  Went down for a comedy show on Sunday, I think they do it every Sunday...if they do, YOU NEED TO CHECK IT OUT.  Booya and his crew are the business.  Only $2 enterance fee.  Bartender was really cool...what was her name...Game of pool?  Totally in.  You'll probably lose your dollar the first try, but the bartender will definitely toss you a bill to replace it.Also, they've got a new school Juke Box.  Righteous!!
4	Same here, nothing to complain about. I really like the location of this bar. It's tucked away just West of the strip in a dark area with the Vegas lights in full sight. Perfect place to chill and get a few cold ones in before going inside. I been here a few times all for bands coming through town. They have a nice little set up inside with a back room and small stage for the bands. It's been a few months since I been here but I'll definitely be back when another worthy name comes through.
4	I'll support any quality metal band that travels over 6,150 miles into the hot desert, so last night I came here again just for that. This time around it was Romania's Negura Bunget. Every year there tends to be more shows around May, June and July. You can thank the huge music fests that are coming up within the next couple months, i.e. Maryland Deathfest, Central Illinois Deathfest, Chaos en Tejas, etc. A lot of the bands are actually from overseas and don't tour the states that often. So if you can't make it to one of these festivals, you still have a chance to see some bands that take advantage of being state side and tour. On a side note, some more bands touring as of right now: Nasum (Sweden), The Devil's Blood (Sweden), Demonical (Sweden), Church of Misery (Japan) and Horna (Finland) to name a few. The place was the busiest I've ever seen it. There was only 1 bartender working so the wait for drinks was longer than usual. I seen about 10 different kinds of beer on tap. Domestic pitchers were $12 and $16 for imports. I had a good time largely due to friends and the live music. Negura performance was on point. A Black Metal band with traditional Romanian folk instruments would be my brief description. Being in the position to see them again within a few weeks in Maryland is definitely a plus.
1	I only went for an event in the back room. As I pulled into the parking lot, I saw a woman trying to cross the area in front of me. I flashed my lights and she started to approach my car until she saw I was a woman. So...  hookers in the parking lot? For me as a one year resident in Vegas, i was disappointed by the area and the lack of any kind of security present to disallow things like that. But it seems to have a very specific event following for certain burlesque and comedy shows which are in the back room. Other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar. Yikes.
3	I've been here a couple of times for some comedy shows.  The drink prices are great.  The back room is a good size room for a comedy show.  The sound and lighting are great for this type of audience.   It's nothing fancy but does the trick.  I haven't had the food but the serving sizes looks plentiful and I haven't heard any thing bad about the food.
4	My 1st visit and of course it was a Saturday night for the monthly burlesque show.  I had NO idea it would be as packed as it was, but also didn't think I would have such a blast either.The bar itself is huge with plenty of seating, pool tables, darts and a stage. The bar itself is long with tons of stools and room to order drinks. The bartenders were very busy, but managed to make almost everyone happy (there is always that one guy) and the prices are pretty reasonable.The burlesque show is in the back room. The seating was, limited and if you do find a seat your lucky. We could have reserved a VIP booth for $100 prior, but didn't think it would be worth it...it would is!  I would however suggest you don't get one in the back as everyone else standing will be in front of you.Over all, fun bar and good crowd. We hung around for an hour or so just talking and relaxing at the bar.Oh...parking is a bit crazy on busy nights and street parking is allowed. Just watch for the red zone on the one side.
5	I usually only go to Boomer's when they are having an event in their back room (mostly the amazing burlesque shows held there).  Parking is not an issue as they have a lot, plus ample room on the street. I am not a drinker, but have noticed that the bartenders are very prompt and courteous, and prices reasonable. The men's bathroom is clean and well-stocked.  Plenty of tables, plus they have pool and a few other bar-type activities.  One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the metal steps on the East side of the building.  They look like they've been taken from a ship or something.  The bottom step is a bit bowed, so be careful with that one.
3	This was a very nice chill bar. I went on a Sunday for the comedy show which was unfortunately cancelled. Yet 4 comedians showed up and the owner allowed us to put on the show without the regular host. One of my friends took over the hosting and we had a very funny comedy show. The drinks at the bar are well priced not too expensive. They have a kitchen that's separately owned but it's good. The food is good. Not blow your socks off good but it definitely did not disappoint. They also put on a burlesque show every last Saturday of the month
3	umm, they are open 365days 24/7..ok, disregard the previous comment.  This bar is not open 24hrs, my bad.  I only come here on Sunday's, they have open mic comedy hosted by DAT DUDE DONNIE, right now you can catch DAT DUDE every Friday night hosting and headlining at Sapphire's Friday Comedy  Hour.  (Sounds like I'm a promoting him, hmm) ok, so I am just a little.  Oh yea, this is a review about the bar huh? This is a old school bar, off in the cut.  Cheap drinks and even cheaper laughs.  The bartender LISA is really, really cool.  Please tip Lisa if you do happen to take a trip on the wild side and experience BOOMER'S.  I don't know what it is like during the other days of the week, but Sunday is a Adventure and she's bartending SOLO up in there.  No real pizzazz here, a couple of pool tables, dim lights, chairs and bar stools.  BE WARNED: the bathroom stall door in the ladies restroom sticks.  I promise (and I'm laughing as I type this) my friend got stuck in the bathroom for like 15mins.  She couldn't text me because she left her phone w/ me.  When she came out of the restroom she hits me on the shoulder and says: "B!tch, didn't you hear screaming your name? I was stuck in the bathroom"  My response was: "No hag, I was wondering what was taking you so long"hahahahahahahaaaaa, I don't care, that is still funny till this day and that happened like 6months ago.Overall Boomers is an ok spot.. but this is only my opinion, check it out for yourselfDee :-)
4	Boomers! What! Cam here for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and I will be back for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and the cheap drinks! An average divey, hole in the wall, down to earth bar. Good size bar and seating area, they have a couple pool tables and I think a dart board. Their Lagunitas IPA is $3.50! And you can start your drinking with the free Bud or Budlight with your Yelp check in. Crown or Jack(I can't remember what the BF ordered) was $4-4.50. Not bad either way. Come to the Christmas in July Burlesque show on July 26th. You're in for a treat!
5	I love this place...I will be there tonight again..see you'll there!!!!! Great place the comey is awesome..come see the show
