5	I love LaToyes. The owner is personable and offers a variety of services so I only need to go to one place for all my beauty appts. I never hesitate to recommend this salon to my friends and clients!
1	Very friendly Owner/Operator, but the absolute WORST extensions I have ever had. I called and left a voicemail that within one day about half of the lashes were falling out. Never a return phone call, email, anything. Just dead silence. The lashes that were left were clumped and crooked. I was told they were Mink, but I know they were cheap, awful plastic. I had to have the remainder professionally removed, and a new set on with a new person at a new salon. Again, the owner was personal and funny, but she really does not know what she is doing as far as extension application. Stick with a professional whom has been certified, like Lavish. A total waste of time and money. I have been to about five different salons over the past five years, and never had an experience like this, or this awful. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID.
5	I have been getting color for my hair and my brows done for 2 years now at this salon and I can say with no doubt that Al is an incredible stylist.  I am a man and I'm usually scared about telling people that I get my brows done but Al did such a great job that I had to tell someone.  Thank you so much for your incredible service and personality.
5	I've had my lashes done by 3 different people over the past 2+ years. I just moved to the area, and needed to find a new place.  I find that  La Toyes is just as good as the other places I've been.  I believe  lash extentions  takes a person who is willing to put up with a little bit of discomfort at times.  You must follow protocol when you first get them on.  Don't touch, don't get wet, etc...  They don't last forever. They shed, flip-flop, and that can be aggravating.  Hence, I LOVE them!  I'm willing to do what it takes to wear them!  I didn't get a Groupon. I already had them on. How lucky are you if you did. What a great deal!!!!
5	Hi I have been going to Al for almost a year, she consulted and came up with a plan to help me re grow my hair after a surgery made it all fall out. she is competent, professional and very creative .She comes up with inventive ideas for hair that is uncanny and fascinating, and just beautiful. She answers all my questions returns all my calls and allows me to come in anytime for re touches touch ups or hair "emergencies", she makes sure if I have a special event or occasion that I have a great hair day! My hair is thicker, fuller, longer and Im pleased to say has grown almost 4-6" since coming to Al.Her prices are fair, she never includes a tip, she has awesome deals all the time, shes a great teacher and  helps me maintain my look until my next appt, and never recommends a product you wont use or don't need.I have been extremely pleased with my services from Al  leaving the salon just today, I eceived 2 compliments on my hair!  I highly recommend her if you need hair extensions or a weave, she is talented, skilled, creative and one of my best friends now.I travel an hour from my home to see her and I believe she is worth the time and money I spend on my hair, I will continue going to LaToyes Touch of beauty till my hair is even longer! Thank you very much Al!Dana Anders
2	Okay Folks. I bought the deal. I have had lashes done before. I must agree with the quality is definitely not mink. They were hard. They also fell out fast. When I say fast...Before it was time to "fill-in" my lashes all of them were gone. There was literally like 10 lashes left from both eyes. Not trying to bash her because she is a nice lady, and was very warm and personable. Unfortunately, I would not go back to get eyelashes done from her. Typically they last about 3 weeks. Last time I got mines done in Scottsdale (on another deal) They stayed in and they were soft. If you want your lashes to fall off within the first week and pay little to nothing then this is the place for you. #NOSHADE
1	I wil start off by saying that I went to Al for eyelash extensions with a Groupon four months ago, and while I did like the results, the lashes were all off within two weeks even though I took special care with showering and washing my face.  They are also most definitely NOT mink.  Although definitely not worth the advertised price of $175, I figured it was worth the $39 from Groupon.  When another Groupon came up again, I decided to give it another go.  BIG MISTAKE!  Even though I had been there before, and indicated as much on her initial form you have to fill out before the appointment, she proceeded as though I had never been there before.  She told me there were a couple of gaps between my lashes, which she told me the first time.  She also told me the last time I was there that she could still make the lashes long regardless of the gaps.  However, this most recent time she claimed she could not make them long at all because of the gaps.  Thinking that she was just using different wording than she did last time but would produce the same result, I told her to just make them as long as she could and fill in with thickness.  She said she would do this.  The result?  My natural lashes with mascara look better than her terrible excuse for extensions!  They looked nothing like the first time, and were very short and sparse; no longer and no thicker than my natural lashes with a little mascara.  They look absolutely awful and I am so disappointed!  It also didn't help that her fingers reeked of cigarette smoke which were in my face for an hour.   I had booked an appointment for a fill session, but I canceled immediately after getting home and getting a good look at the horrible results.  I had been interested in her hair extensions after the first session, but now I am definitely not going to trust her with my hair after the inconsistent results with my eyelashes (or anything, for that matter).   INCONSISTENT service with TERRIBLE results and I will NEVER be back again.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS place , she does terrible quality clumpy lashes that destroy your natural lashes , uses the cheapest quality products available , pretends to know what she is doing , at the Same time as my eyelash apt I wanted my $500 (just for the hair ) ext removed and redone , she destroyed my hair and my extensions , she cut them behind me so I couldn't see what she was doing , she put a full head of keratin tip ext in that FELL OUT THE NEXT DAY ! All of them. Anyone who knows about these type of ext knows that this is crazy , she already had my credit card info forThe lash service and charged me another 450$ to destroy my hair , chunks were broken and destroyed , Aiesha response when I asked her to refund my $ or at least replace the $500 hair she ruined , her response was when you left my salon you had extensions so my job was done . No refund it took me 7 hours to do your hair and I will not give a refund (keep in mind I was only there for the hair part for about 4 hours in rich she took about 7 cigarette breaks and a visit from her boyfriend who brought her a "blunt " to smoke to help her relax because she was having a hard time w my hair WTF??!!!!  She went on and on about how she was trained and skilled in this new bonding technology when she clearly didn't even know how to use the tool . She was rude and belligerent and completely unprofessional , anyone can rent a spot throw a chair and a mirror up and pretend they know what there doing . Do your research . Hopefully people will see all the horrible reviews she has gotten and learn from our suffering . She is a terrible business person . I to own my own business and it's always worth it to make the customer happy to keep a good reputation and word of mouth , she Obviously has no concern of her clients . SHADY SHADY SHADY - and her lashes are NOT mink , there cheap plastic and her glue is disgusting . Thank god I now have a real professional to do my lashes . Hopefully help will allow me to post pics for you guys to see the damage and her so called work :(
1	I had a groupon and went in for a color and haircut the color was good not great and I asked for a shag with long layers. I was not wearing my glasses so I couldn't see what she was doing and the lady left the bottom half of my hair long (it was almost down to my elbows) and the top half was a bob to the bottom of my ears. How do not know what a shag is?! And if u don't know how to do it tell me I would've been happy with just a trim! Worst haircut of my life!!!! Had to go to a mood swings salon to have someone give me a cute pixie cut and I'm not really into short hair. Will never go back to this place and would never recommend anyone to go here!!
1	Boy do I wish I had read the reviews before I received services from this "salon". Thank goodness I used a Groupon voucher for this business. I bought a voucher for a full set of Mink eyelash extensions. Cons:Eyelash fibers are DEFINITELY NOT mink. Very low quality, plastic, hard, crunchy fibers. Once the owner/technician is done, she will try & lie to assure you & say that they will  soften in 24 hours. Lie.Glue is poor quality. Prepare for red itchy eyes for days (maybe I am allergic to be fair, but I've had eyelash extensions before with no reactions.)Eyelashes started falling out the same day, and I mean with perfect care!!! Worst application ever. Bald within days. Lol. Her person & finger reek of cigarette smoke, MAJOR NO NO! Just plain eww.Service? Boy oh boy. LOLOLOLOL. She (owner/tech/stylist) really needs to be reprogrammed to include customer service skills. This person has zero. I say person as she was no lady. Far from it. Very abrasive, no manners at all. She was rude upon me walking in, she thought I'd take the treatment but she quickly realized I was no push over so she was no longer from this point rude to me, BUT she was so rude to customers calling in, customers that came in (she even cursed & kicked a customer out). POTTY MOUTH!!! Just filthy! And even talked crap about the customer after she left to me. Argued with this woman for 15 minutes!! Horrible, embarrassing and awkward. Made me wait while she yelled on the phone and complained and cursed with her employee. What...the...heck?! I had to wait 20 minutes to be seen yet the place was a ghost town. She really needs to learn about business, ethics, customer service, etiquette. I mean she needs to repeat school entirely as well while I am at it. I tried to solve the problem with her...my bad application etc, no return calls or emails. So, I got a refund from Groupon IN FULL with their business guarantee. Sucks they had to eat the cost and not her. The salon is very makeshift and run down, shack like, but seemed clean enough. And I know salons are known for gossip but they talk about such inappropriate things, & take extra time to have smoke breaks and gossip about Baby Daddies. PROSHmmm...there were free mints?
5	Al is one of the nicest, sweetest people I know. She has great customer service skills, especially for being the only person working most of the time. If you understand that she is trying to run a business according to business laws then there is nothing you should ever be upset by. She did a wonderful job cutting, styling, dying, and highlighting my hair! I could not have asked for a better stylist or salon!I will be going back to her for all my styling needs from now on. It was nice to finally find a reasonable and friendly place here in Phoenix!  Thanks for everything Al! You rock!!!
4	She did a wonderful job cutting, styling, dying my hair! I could not have asked for a better stylist or salon!I will be going back to her for all my styling needs from now on. It was nice to finally find a reasonable and friendly place here in Phoenix!  Thanks for everything Al! You rock!!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!! Best hairdresser in the valley!!!  Al-Eisha at LaToyes Touch of Beauty is the most professional and talented hair stylist I've ever had!  I moved to Arizona from PA a year ago and struggled to replace my long time hairdresser from back home.  After trying out TONS of salons that resulted in fails I stumbled upon LaToyes.  All girls know how important it is to have a stylist who knows you and knows your hair and you can have that long relationship with.  Al is it!  She has given me lovely results and she continues to impress me with her hair and color knowledge.  I love knowing that she can work on all types of hair and that I'm not just another appointment in the book....I'm a client that she gives 110% attention to each time I'm there!!  Please check out this place...you will NOT be disappointed!
5	Al took me in last minute and stayed open an extra hour and a half, taking out what was supposed to be cold fusion extensions, done somewhere else. (the horrible other women just glued hair to my head) A technique, Al informed me, that should not have been performed on my type of hair. Nor was it what I asked for. She must've heard the panic in my voice.  Al was gentle, kind, and understanding. She also went over other types of extensions that would be more suitable for me. Very reasonable prices. You can tell she cares about her clients.....and their hair. THANK YOU!
