5	One of my favorite brands is Maison Scotch, a Dutch company based in Amsterdam. And as of a few days ago, Las Vegas can now enjoy a full-store selection instead of the minute buys at multi-brand retail stores. Scotch & Soda LV is their third U.S. location and by the end of the year, they plan to open seven more stores in all the fashion hot-spots: LA, SF, NY, Boston, etc. Style-wise, think casual, comfortable, and fashionable. Slightly bohemian while still having a classy, tailored air.Sales associates have been well-trained to be kind and genuine. The group of girls working were incredibly friendly and helpful but still gave me my space. I'm pretty sure this isn't a commission environment because the girls were helping each other ring and assist customers. But if it is, then kudos for creating a warm shopping experience without all the sales nonsense.For being made in China, it seems a little steep that most pieces range from $100-200. But with the right care, these high-quality materials will look good for a long time. You'll notice that Maison Scotch is incredibly detail-oriented when it comes to design; this is illustrated in the neatly finished (and designed) interiors and the fact that most clothing comes with a piece of original Maison Scotch jewelry. Luckily, Europeans on that side of the continent aren't built like Italians so their sizes are a little more forgiving than say... Zara. Half my closet is Zara but they seriously have a bad rap for running small. For ladies, they have sizes P, 1, 2, 3, 4 for tops. Essentially, a more luxurious way to say XS, S, M, L, XL. Personally, I waver between a 1 & 2 and for blazers and jackets, a 3 is roomier in the shoulders. Pants are UK sizing 26-32 with 30, 32, & 24 inseam lengths.
5	I had never heard of this brand and would have walked right past the shop if our guests hadn't started gushing about the store.  I had never heard of them, but I know them now.  WOW, the clothing is just beautiful and if you are a tactile person like me, you can't stop touching the heavenly materials used.If you like Johnny Depp's look, this is the place to shop.  Casual clothing that looks like it's just be thrown together with a look that is hard to recreate, well it's a cinch here.  This line is too amazing not to share.I can not wait until they open up closer to San Diego!!
4	Are they doing a mass expansion or something? I'm seeing Scotch & Sodas everywhere (actually just Las Vegas and San Francisco). I would also like to preface that Amsterdam is the new thing right now and people should get up on this brand before it explodes like wildfire.They also couldn't have picked a more ideal location. They're situated in the heart of the Fashion Show Mall with high volume foot traffic for both tourists and locals. I can only imagine how awesome their sales will be. Expect me back at the end of each season to cash in on some of these awesome clothes!
5	Love this store and I hope they come to San Diego.  Clothing was different and interesting.  Sales people were super friendly and efficient.
4	Great quality, fits great if you like to wear fitted clothes.The team is not that aggressive, so makes shopping less bothersome (positive for some, negative for rest - needy people).
4	I stopped by this store in the Fashion Mall in Las Vegas. The clothes here are really great, they are unique and tailored and different. But beware, this place isn't cheap, and the clothes do fit very small. I tried a sweater which was 210 dollars and it was XL and still a little tight, normally I can fit into a medium or a large without too much trouble. This is probably one of my new favorite brands of clothing.
