5	Great Clips is nothing special, in and of itself, but sometimes the people there are!I have been getting my hair cut by Great Clips at 32nd and Camelback since I moved to Phoenix...by accident.I used to go to Ahmet's when I lived in SFO...a truly wonderful barber shop.They do the hot lather straight razor shaves, hot towels, shoulder rubs, straight razor haircuts, brandy in the winter and scotch in the summer, small stash of Playboys and Penthouse magazines, all to take the pain out of getting your ears lowered! Really, the male equivalent of "spa day". I had heard about V's when I moved to town and I was going to go over there...it sounded a lot like Ahmet's.But I got sidetracked and ended up going to this Great Clips for a "quick trim" to tide me over. At Great Clips, I met Teresa, who used to work at V's, and she has been cutting my hair since.Now, I am not a "pretty" man, I don't have "symmetrical" features, I don't have "all my own" teeth, I don't always remember to "comb my hair", and my hairline is moving back toward my ears, but Teresa makes me look as good as I can possibly look.No, it's Great Clips...I don't get a scotch or a brandy with my haircut, and I don't get the hot towel and hot lather straight razor shaves, (although Teresa can do all those things). I do get a straight razor haircut that is consistently the best haircut that I have ever had, along with the straight razor neck trim and sideburn trim.And, they only charge me $13. I am almost sad to write this because I always have to wait for Teresa and now it will probably get worse. But she deserves to be as popular as she is...if she can make me look presentable...she's a hair-cutting genius!
1	I was very disappointed in the haircut I received recently. After giving my stylist explicit instruction on what parts of my hair to cut, she cut my hair way too short all over. I tried to control what she was doing, but she went on cutting anyway.
4	Overall a great location. I've been coming here for years to have my hair cut and I always feel that the location is staffed appropriately. On busier days they have a bunch of stylists and on less busy days they still have more than enough. Even when packed, I've never had to wait more than 25 minutes and I usually only wait about 5-10 minutes. I'm giving them 4 stars for several small reasons. First they don't take American Express and second for the service. While the service is almost always great (i.e. 5 stars), their consistency is not as good. I've never gotten a bad haircut or had service that I would rate below 3 stars, but I feel that the frequency with which I experience less than amazing customer service warrants bumping them down to 4 stars.
5	Pretty much my favorite place to go to get this mane chopped. I happen to be super picky. So sue me. I've got great hair. The staff here is great and knowledgeable. They are friendly and helpful, and always have awesome suggestions for what to do. I would recommend checking in online and using their app. They get pretty busy, but the waits are never long. My favorite ladies are Tori and Sam. They seem to be in charge, and are probably the funniest people I have ever met. Try to get one of them. The stylists are great, too. Go see Tara if you like cats. While they don't sell the Verticoli hairbrush, they do sell lots of products and other items to make your hair look bad ass. Oh, and while I don't have any, they seem to be great with kids. Good for families, if you are into that.
