5	I needed my windshield replaced ASAP, and they were very accommodating.  I called other companies to try and get them to fit in with my schedule, but Penske was very helpful in getting it done the same day.
5	A rock hit my windshield on my way to work last week.  I called my service advisor at Acura North Scottsdale who referred me to Penske Rapid Repair.  They handled all of the insurance paperwork and replaced my windshield AT MY OFFICE later that same day.  Excellent work and great service.  I highly recommend them.
5	Penske Rapid Repair did an outstanding job on my paint and clear bra application. Usually I am a little hesitant to use very large dealerships/repair shops because the service tends to be a bit impersonal and quality of the work tends to be production-rate. However, John Blackwell and his team did a top notch paint job and clear bra application on my G and the service and communication was excellent. I would definitely use them again and highly recommend them. Thanks John, Tabitha, and Phil
5	I had my 3 month old Acura finally repaired from the hail damage it received in October.  Guy was awesome to deal with and my car was done in less time than I was told. and looks as good as when it came off the showroom floor.  I highly recommend going here than to Van's or Danny's.
5	They were great. They replaced my BMW M6 windshield in April. This is the same company that the dealerships use. They arrived the same day at my home. The installer was efficient and did a clean job. The sensors were installed properly. There were not parts falling off. The glass was oem. The technician was neatly dressed and polite. I would use them again.
1	I will never make the same mistake twice. Consumer Beware
4	Mobile unit came to my office. Installation completed in about an hour. Installer was friendly and professional. He explained and gave me information about the new glass and curing process. I liked that they cover one chip for the lifetime of the windshield. I would recommend this service.
5	Excellent experience with Penske Automotive Collision. Came in for minor bumper damage and full detail. My vehicle was done in 3 day. My bumper is flawless and the detail made my 10 year SUV look brand new inside! My only regret is I did not have my car detailed by Penske sooner, it truly looks incredible.I coordinated my collision repair with Mark Castleman. He made extremely convenient to evaluate the repairs needed. I was able to email him a camera phone pick of the damage and he emailed me back same day with the time it would take to repair, the cost, set up an appointment time, and gave me detailed directions to the north Scottsdale location. I also worked with Jen when I dropped off my vehicle. She was professional, friendly and set expectations. I could tell she cared about her job.In addition, Penske does excellent mobile windshield replacement service. If you're looking for auto glass replacement, detailing service or collision repair, I would highly recommend Penske.
5	I LOVE my Mini and wanted to give it some spunk and personality. Matt at Penske Rapid Repair helped me come up with the perfect custom stripes and had me back on the road in less than an hour. Thank you Matt!!!! Super happy!
