5	If you had been at the Costco on the Waterfront this weekend, you would have noticed it is anything but empty. Mobbed. The staff there is very very friendly .
5	We really love Costco and do a lot of our shopping there.  Pharmacy is very fast and efficient as well.  We exclusively buy gas and it is consistently good quality.  Important since my car only takes 93.Very crowded on weekends. Staff friendly and very little turnover.Great deals on good tires with great hardware so never had any wheel damage there.
4	A standard Costco location with a gas station... Unremarkable compared to other locations except that it's of course missing all of the beer, wine, and liquor that Costco's in other states have. This is the one I frequent in the Pittsburgh area.
4	I love how 'no frills' this Costco is... and they have a gas station!
3	It's okay in my book, but Costco is pretty nondescript in the world of bulk shopping joints, though!PROS:Definite deals on buying in bulk;The checkout process/cashiers are much nicer here than Sam's Club.CONS:Planning a Saturday trip?  Forget about it, so is everyone else!!!!!Fave things to pick up here?The Coca-Cola 2-liter 4-packs are a steal @ a little over a buck per 2-liter!Their chicken breasts are packaged in convenient packages with 2 breasts/per.  Perfect for thawing what you need and freezing the rest!*I only listed Costco as "pricey" bc it is pricey to buy in bulk, but you will save money by shopping this way if you're able to.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! This Costco has the WORST produce and bakery section!! I've been to several costcos in the bay area and one in D.C. and this one is by far the worst one! I just moved to Pittsburgh almost a year ago and I quickly realized that Pittsburgh has little to no variety when it comes to grocery stores and wholesale stores. Coming from San Francisco and D.C., this is a form of torture! The first time my husband and I went here we got a huge container of salad, oranges, grapes, and a big bag of potatoes (and several other things but that is not important). Within TWO days the salad was soggy and there was a layer of brown liquid at the bottom of the container. There was this huge spider web thing at the bottom of the grapes... that totally freaked me out! The oranges had mold growing out of it in a matter of DAYS. To top off the grossness (yes, I made that up) the potatoes started leaking liquid in a week. The potato liquid had the most awful smell! We get produce from the grocery store all the time and this has never happened. We decided never to get produce from the Costco again but the bakery is just as bad. Last week we got a dozen bagels and it was moldy in 4 days. Sam's Club here I come!! lol
4	Enormous store with lots of free samples of tasty food. Gas is really cheap here. All the employees wear Steelers jerseys on Sundays.
4	It is usually pretty crowded here on weekends, especially right before the holidays or any big games. But they've got the most samples we've ever seen at any Costco on weekends. Its typically samples galore and you actually have no more room for lunch. Especially in the middle of the day (still talking about weekends). We get all our produce here mostly and it keeps well for a while (at least a week or more for fresh fruits/veggies) given that you refrigerate your food properly. We come here pretty much every other week, if not every week. They've always got coupon books for you at the doors too, just in case you forget yours at home. This is our favorite Costco by far... It has a huge kosher section (darn good kosher turkey) with lots of interesting things to try, never runs out of silk almond milk (some other costcos don't even carry it), and the smoked salmon and Santa Barbara salsa are the best! It's a great place to get good quality produce for a decent price, especially in the winter... Gas is always cheaper here too!
3	I frequent this Costco since it is close to my house.  It's OK, I mean what can be said about a Costco that hasn't already been said?I have noticed how lacking some of the merchandise can be when it comes to variety.  And also how unique it can be to have bulk items in areas that others do not.A trick I had to learn the hard way with produce, don't be afraid to move the stuff in front to get the product in the back.  I had bought a bag of celery here and two days after I bought it and got around to using it it had gone bad.  Gas prices aren't much cheaper than the stations up the street, but it is a nice convenience if you don't want to stop anywhere on the way home.(oh, they only take American Express here, felt bad for the kid in front of me that did not know that)
4	My husband joined Costco this past Friday, and I ran in on Saturday afternoon to grab a couple things. Needless to say, the parking lot and store were packed! However, I was fortunate enough to pull into the parking lot at the opportune moment when a space had just become available right by the front door.Since it was my first visit, I had to pop over to customer service to get my picture taken. I asked the greeter for assistance, and he was very helpful, pointing me in the correct direction. Being a Saturday afternoon on a nice day, I was concerned that the customer service line would be really busy. However, I was helped within a minute and was already headed into the store to shop within three. I was very impressed with the courteousness and professional attire of the employees (which was the total opposite of my past experiences as a Sam's Club member).If shopping for just a couple things (like I was), I definitely recommend not grabbing a cart. The shopping carts are enormous, and on busy days, prevent you from moving around quickly. Finally, the check out... It looked very intimidating but I got in line and was done checking out within 5 minutes. They also did a great job of quickly opening new registers when the lines became too long.Overall, I was very impressed during my visit. Time will tell if we use our money's worth of our annual membership cost. However,I need to buy tires ASAP before winter hits, and based on online research, Costco is one of the best place to go.
4	Specific to the pharmacy: The person who answered the phone identified herself by name and role (she was the pharmacist). I verified that they filled veterinary prescriptions and she was able to tell me if they had the med I was looking for in stock or if they could order it and when it would get there. She showed more professionalism, competency and confidence than any of the other pharmacies (animal hospitals included) that I spoke to that afternoon.
2	This is not my favorite Costco, the lines are long, employment seems low and its kind of dirty. Plus the stocking is not that great they stock some items off and on, or don't order enough not to run out. Like those awesome tortillas from new mexico, but nonetheless Cheap Gas, and Milk and avocados still attract me.One time I had to listen to the political views of a boneheaded cashier and nearly complained to upper management. But he shut up when his coworker warned him and it was more fun just to glare at him and make him feel uncomfortable. Overall Costco is a decent store, so I would give it three stars but this is one of the crappier ones I have been in. The Robinson store is much nicer.
4	Does anyone NOT like COSTCO's?  We go to this COSTCO alot.  This is the only store that I've found the salmon paste and white fish paste -- however, this last visit, there was no salmon paste!  *sigh*  The Seaweed in the small packages are a GREAT deal!  $7.49 for the whole package!  A slice of this, a little bit of salmon paste, and a bitesized bit of steamed rice is what I call 'ghetto sushi!'  It would be great if on the weekends, there are more cashiers with the scanner guns who can pre-scan the stuff in your cart while you are waiting and all you'd have to do is pay the cashier when you get up to them.  I have seen another store do that.  Love to see the "Sampler Pimps" cooking and passing out samples on the weekends.  They make our visits fun and allow us to try some food items that we'd otherwise never buy (and purchase sometimes).   It was strange to NOT see a wine section in COSTCO since we're from out of state and the other COSTCOs have wonderful wine selections with great prices.
5	Just got an eye exam at Costco. I was a little hesitant, but they took my insurance. They got me in the same day and ordered my new glasses with no fuss. Very impressed.
3	I love a place where you can walk in and buy large quantities of anything. Do you crave spending twenty bucks for a six pack of Right Guard, or fifty bucks on 24 razor blades for your Shick Quartro? Only in America!I did in fact buy some Calvin Klein cargo shorts for 18.99 a pair, that was a good bargain. They also had incredible bargains on boxer briefs and socks, I'm set for awhile on each. Aside from the bulk buys, they do have a great bakery and very good cheese and meat case. I'd do some price checking in the HD TVs and watches. You can buy vacations here, cars, home improvements and just about anything you can think of including 6 pounds of peanut butter filled pretzels. Only in America!
4	I love this Costco. I am somewhat of a bargain hunter, and I like good food, so I have found certain things at Costco that are the best price anywhere. First, Maranatha Almond Butter. It's under $7 for a large jar of it. You will pay at least $9 for the small container at Whole Foods. I make special trips to Costco JUST to buy this almond butter.Next, Naked Juice. Again, at Whole Foods you will pay up to $4 for a regular sized bottle. At Costo, you can get the jumbo bottles for about $5.50 and you can buy the 24 mini packs, too. Great deals to be sure. I also love buying the Fage Greek Yogurt variety pack. For $13, you get a 12 pack. They are normally $1.50 per yogurt at Trader Joes or Whole Foods, so this is a great deal.Lastly, my other favorite thing to buy at Costo is boxes of Kind bars. For $13, you get a 12 pack (usually 6 of 2 different varieties). These bars are $1.50 individually at Trader Joes, so this is an excellect deals.If you're willing to wander around aimlessly with all the sensory overload, it's worth a trip to Costo JUST for these items. They also have this fabulous shredded kale salad that comes in a bag with dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, poppy seed dressing, as well as shredded raddichio and brussels sprouts. It is delicious and another can't miss item at Costco! $5.50 for a jumbo bag.
1	BOOOO!!!! Costco did away with the $1.58 chocolate dipped  almond covered ice cream in the cafeteria.
5	Love the waterfront Cosco!  Great selection of items, good prices and helpful staff.  The layout in open and easy to navigate.  They often have a nice selection of discounted designer shoes and clothes.  TONS of free samples are offered throughout the store as well.  Very helpful when looking for new products to try---or just great for a quick snack ;)I also have to give a kuddos to their cafe!  The prices are UNBEATABLE!  Great for a quick bite or snack.  My favorite is their frozen yogurt.  Only draw back; I wish that Cosco could sell alcohol in PA! Their alcohol prices are usually the best in other states!
1	This review is strictly for the Costco Optical Department  After having several friends recommend Costco Optical for their eye glasses and contacts, I decided to give them a try last March when I was unable to find any glasses at my doctors office that I liked and fit my face well.  Costco Optical department had a lot of frames to chose from, which was nice.  I was able to find a pair that I liked a lot.  However, Costco doesn't accept insurance for your glasses and/or contacts.  So I had to pay out of pocket for my glasses $100+.  I knew this going into this transaction, so I was okay with that. I always get polycarbonate lenses on my glasses, specifically because I work with young children and have my own child at home, and I don't want them getting scratched.  I've been very happy with the quality of the frames and lenses until just recently.  My polycarbonate lenses have since gotten several small scratches on them, and one is right in my sight line.  When I took the glasses into Costco to talk to a customer service rep about it, I was very rudely told that my Rx had expired from my doctors office, and they couldn't do anything for me.  Within the past week, after still wearing my glasses like this, part of my nose pad broke off of my glasses.  When I called and spoke to the manager about this, to see if they would be willing to look at it for me and fix it, I was told that I would have to pay an additional $50+ for the nose piece to be fixed.  So, to make a long story short, Costco Optical will not back up their products at all.  You're much better off using your insurance to get frames and lenses than giving your money to Costco Optical.  They won't help you fix your glasses without taking even more money from you.  Look elsewhere for frames and lenses for your glasses.
5	Love this store. I live alone and this is one of my favorite stores. You can buy from Costco without having too much if u live alone or have a small family. I bought my bedroom furniture,  tv's and clothes from Costco.  They have so much to offer.  They have $100 worth of gift cards for $79.99 and they sell NBA tickets for certain teams. The store is well kept, the staff is helpful and they are knowledgeable. The food is fresh,  affordable and there is never a short supply.
5	Costco has it all.! If you like to buy in bulk at the lowest price possible Costco is the place to go. They have everything you can think of. And they supply the best/ freshest meats, fruits, and vegetables. Very clean store with friendly employees. On the way out I usually get a berry smoothie and a chicken wrap both very delicious!
5	We are a family of two and LOVE Costco.  We buy 90% of our groceries and household goods there, and all of our gas.   Fortunately we have the space for huge bundles of paper towels  and toilet paper.and great big boxes of breakffast food (of which you have to buy a minimum of two).   i agree with all of the 5 star reviews here. Good prices, great quality fruits, vegetables and meat, friendly staff (although they're kind of scarce on the ground), and it's clean, including the restrooms.Their variety is not as great as Home Depot or Giant Eagle, but we always have Home Depot and Giant Eagle to go to when we need variety, which is not all that oftten.  Once we are away from all the shouting and marketing hype it is amazing what we can do without (and probably shouldn't have been buying or paying too  much for in the first place).You can spend your lunch hour there, filling up  on the samples, of which there are always plenty.  Or you can eat in their cafe if you don't mind things like hot dogs, polish sausage or pizza.  A hot dog and a soda (free refills) is $1.57.Consumer Reports even gives them good marks for the price and quality of their jewelry.  I bought the my last two pairs of eye glasses their, and they are every bit as good as any I've gotten elsewhere, including "eyetiques."  I also bought two desk top computers there.  The return policy on electronics is better than places like Best Buy and no one tries to push you into buying an unnecessary extended warrenty.  I am probably going to get my  hearing aids from them, too.Don't let the nay sayers put you off.  Give it a try.  I think it costs $30 or $35 to join, but you'll get that back the first time or two you shop there.  Check their prices online, which are the same as store prices (with the exception of a few online specials).  Be aware, though, that the variety of online stuff is much greater than what they carry in the store.You should know that they take American Express or debit cards or cash (there is an ATM in the store if you get caught short).By the way, I am neither an employe or part of the family that owns it.  I just like it as a place to buy quality, low priced stuff and do all the time.
5	I have to take a minute to shout out Mike in customer service and Scott in the tire department. You'd think that most associates in their position would have tried to up sell a brand new member, well both of these guys did the exact opposite. They laid out all the options, took the time to ask some follow up questions and then offers up their opinion. This is how all retail experiences should work. Keep up the good work. With respect to the store it was clean well organized and easy to navigate. I look forward to a a lot of repeat trips.
5	I can't compare this Costco to the Costcos in my home state (Maryland) because I never had my own membership and only went once or twice with my parents when I was a kid. However, I did bring myself to get the Gold Star Membership, even though I am single (for now?). I spent the first hour walking through every aisle, looking at every product, and typing the prices into my phone. After mentally comparing the prices here with the prices at other grocery stores, I concluded that Costco offers much better bargains for most items. So, I went ahead picked up everything that I needed (and did not need).After another hour of intense shopping, my cart was filled to the brim with Greek yogurt, eggs, chips, coffee beans, cereal, paper towels, toilet paper, Ziploc bags, toothpaste, almonds, and so much more. I even bought a tub of protein powder (yes, Costco sells Optimum Nutrition Chocolate Whey Protein Isolate, MusclePharm Combat Cookies N' Cream Protein Blend, and CytoSport Whey Protein!). I heard that they sell meat for good prices. I can't vouch for that statement, however, because I'm a vegetarian.I also saw that they sell clothes and books in the middle of the warehouse. I haven't taken a close look at those because I usually buy my clothes elsewhere and read e-books.The staff at the registers are very fast in scanning a cartload (or more) of items. For those who don't know already, you can only pay in cash, American Express, debit/ATM cards, or with Costco Cash Cards (gift cards). Once I paid, I head towards the exit, where an employee member of two stand on either side to check our receipts to ensure everything is accounted for.I keep hearing about all these amazing free samples that could potentially be enough for a meal. Maybe I went on a slow day because I didn't find more than one or two free sample stations. I guess I should go on a weekend to get the full experience, despite the potential parking issues and high traffic inside and outside the store.Before I left for home, I filled up my car at the Costco gas station adjacent to the warehouse. $2.29 per gallon for regular unleaded (when $2.40 or higher is the national average)? Yes, please! Again, you can only pay with American Express, Costco Cash Card, or debit/ATM card.
