4	Stopped in here for lunch with my mom after visiting the Museum.  I was curious to try this place since it received a good review from Howard Seftel in the AZ Republic.It's basically cafeteria style and you can order several interesting choices.  I noticed that a lot of their produce is organic and grown locally.I had the Global which if memory serves me correctly, was a braised beef shank.  It was served with a salad of super fresh ingredients including purple beets.Definitely try to stop in for lunch.  They are only open 11AM to 2 PM.
4	The place stands on its own. Get some lunch even if you aren't planning to commit to the museum.  A healthy, fresh lunch in a great location.
4	After spending a lovely day looking at musical instruments, or enjoying one of the concerts the MIM has, what better way to finish off your experience than to get lunch at this delectable cafe?  The food here has an emphasis on sustainable and locally produced food.  They have a lot of unique dishes here, and the menu changes daily.  Some examples include ahi tuna and caviar pizza, braised beef with potatoes, and unusual (and tasty) dessert such as chilled rhubarb soup with cake squares.  The portions are very filling, and service is excellent for a cafeteria style establishment.  Some of the dishes can be hit and miss, but I give them points for trying at least.  For instance, the tuna on the pizza I tried was a little overcooked and a little fishy tasting for me, and a chicken sandwich I had was bordering on the dry side.  The beef I have had here though has been very tender and flavorful so far though.  The cafeteria itself is in an open, airy, sunny locale, which provides a good view of the outdoors while you eat your meal.
5	The food alone deserves 5 stars; add an always welcoming staff, fresh ingredients, and an ever changing menu that compliments the regional museum exhibitions - where is the 6 star button? We eat here at least 3x a week, you cannot beat this restaurant for price, quality and service in Scottsdale. This is a well run kitchen serving great food at an affordable price - in fact after eating here and tasting the freshness for yourself, you'll start to feel conned by so many other restaurants that charge more and for little nutritional value in their dishes. This restaurant is an example to all restaurants.
3	After spending two hours looking at (and listening to) some wonderful instruments, Violeta and I decided to meet up at the cafe.The place was hoppin'!  It was 1pm, and there were actually two sections in this room.  While they had the same furniture, one area felt like a coffee shop, with the rounded counter adorned with cookies and deli cases filled with bottles of water and juices, and I don't know what else, since we decided to sit in the other section, which had a more "open" feel to it.  Large glass windows that allowed nature to envelope you, at least a little bit, and, I would have to say, it felt like a bustling bistro.  A bustling tree-hugging green bistro (and I type this in a loving, respectful way).  Wished there was more than just one busser, though.  If there were more, it certainly looked like there was only the one.  Waited for awhile for tables to be cleared.  Finally, I had to walk up to him to ask if he'd clean up ours.  If I hadn't felt rushed to sit and relax while waiting for the food to arrive before leaving for school, I wouldn't have minded the wait so much.  I liked the organic, high-end feel to the place, and the busyness of the line cooks, who looked more like they should be cooking at a fancy steakhouse, and the presentations of the menus and food make you feel like you're really paying for quality here.  The menus allude to the usage of local produce and the occasional organic item, but I'd like to see higher-quality oils being used-- say no to GM soybean, canola, cottonseed, and corn oils!  I enjoyed my 6 oz. grass-fed burger and perfectly-crisped and seasoned sweet potato fries.  Next time, I'm going to have to check out the desserts.  Some looked absolutely devilish!p.s.  Didn't like having to retrieve my own cutlery or napkins.  The atmosphere calls for cutlery enfolded in cloth, and on the table, not sitting in metal holders, like you're at a buffet or at the cafeteria at work.  The paper napkins were of high-quality super-absorbent material, though, I must say.
3	I know...this place gets great reviews.  I think I even saw the word gourmet.  Not in my book.  We've eaten here twice, both times in the cafeteria section in the back.  The part that some reviewers love.  Food was just OK.  Well, no, as a matter of fact - out of the eight meals I'm rating, two were almost unacceptable.  And the service was......what service?  Forgotten order - once.  Delivered to wrong table - twice.4-5 stars for the museum.  You bet!2-3 stars for the gourmet restaurant.
5	Well I would have ten starred the museum - it is a knockout! - An Out of the park home run! Then when you think your brain is full, you say lets go to the restaurant for lunch. You walk in and it is very clean, modern and looking good, but the chow line looks like a cafeteria, then you shop a bit and find it is an extremely high quality, top shelf, incredible chef, locally grown, fantastic restaurant! When the first thing we ran into was venison carpaccio and it gets better from there! The soup was incredible, just incredible. This place goes hand in glove with the museum. To attempt to describe anything would make you slobber on your keyboard, and want to go even more! As the dishes are made with what is local, fresh and seasonal, just know it will be a wonderful dining experience, even if you have to carry a tray to your table!
4	Interestingly simple menu yet elegant. Very fresh and healthy selections with a gourmet twist. Loved the service and the presentation. Had one of the daily express sandwiches. Local Herb-Garlic Roasted Turkey Breast, Provolone Cheese, Organic Lettuces, Local AZ Cucumbers, Maya's Farm Toscana Kale, on MJ Multi Grain Bread. It came with a nice serving of house pickled peppers and veggies. Great view outside the window. Don't forget a homemade cookie or one of their other tasty treats for desert.
2	.  My group had lunch at the Cafe at MIM for the first time and I have to comment on the beef with radicchio and potatoes.  The beef was chewy,tough and with sinewy marbling. The server brought my piece from the back kitchen dunked it once in the juice and then placed it over the vegetables.  The chicken entree in cream sauce with mushrooms was tender and wonderful, as was the "poppy" wine selection and cookies. If you plan to eat at the Cafe be cautious when ordering beef selections.  I wrote to the MIM on my experience but have not heard from them.MVASU Downtown Campus
1	"Went to the French Bastile Day celebration on Sunday. The restaurant is not able to serve for special events. Stood with a lunch tray and No tables! The quiche was HORRIBLE. A frozen quiche would have tasted better. Service was incompetent, many mistakes. Does the cook (surely not a Chef) actually knows French people?"  Spent $$$ in rubber food! Besides being awful, it was a misrepresentation of French food and dining.
4	Located at the Musical Instrument MuseumGreat food & beverage selectionThe staff is super friendlyThe food is healthy, locally-produced, and deliciousLoved the watermelon gazpachoChicken burger was very tasty; sweet potato friendsServe beerThe prices are a little high, especially for the beverages
2	I went to the MIM with my wife and daughters at the July. We enjoyed our tour of the museum, and really thought it was amazing and unique. I have to make a comment about the food that is served at the MIM. We ordered 4 Thai style chicken salads at Cafe Allegro. The salad was mixed fresh in front of us, but was served on triangular starter - size plates and we were charged $52 for the 4 plates, including tax. The chef's are courteous and the salad was served fresh and reasonably tasty, but the portion was minuscule and, for that reason, very poor value for money - it left all four of us hungry and dissatisfied. I needed to go back and order a cup of small cup of soup and was charged a further $10. Perhaps a "museum premium" needs to be placed on the food served in, what is essentially a glorified self service canteen with little warmth or atmosphere, but in order to justify that, patrons should be treated to a far larger portions for the prices that MIM is levying.
4	Work day lunch. They usually have 1 AZ dish n 1 international (in addition to the regular sandwiches etc) I have always enjoyed a meal there. I have always found the food fresh and really tasty.
4	Color me impressed!  Really much more interesting than I'd have expected.  FYI coffee shop has Cafe MIM sandwiches and baked goods until 9pm thurs/fri, 5pm other days
3	I really want to love this place more because they source so many local ingredients including grass fed beef for hamburgers. The staff is mostly wonderful, especially the sous chef turned executive chef. He's so sweet. The reason I hesitate to give this place more stars is because I recently learned they make their salad dressing from a mixture of olive oil and canola oil. Sorry, but canola oil is not OK or healthful. I was told a long time ago that they used olive oil only so either that wasn't true or they've changed the recipe. Sadly. The other reason I can't go higher than 3 stars is that darn near every time I'm there for the burger, the thing isn't cooked right. The people working the grill need some lessons. When I order medium rare, it comes out rare. When I order it medium, it comes out tough and well done. I think the prices are decent and the decor nice. I really enjoy the place but have gone there so much less over the months due to the above complaints. I wasn't going to write a review because I just don't like leaving reviews unless they're great, but I'm hoping that someone there is reading these and taking the reviews into consideration. There are so few places with grass fed meat options which endears me to MIM but if it can't be cooked properly, I lose the desire to go.
