2	I had to get new tires mounted and balanced and when I went to pay, the guy at the register actually says something to the effect of "Do you have any idea what this is supposed to cost? So, I could charge you $400 and you wouldn't know the difference?" Joking or not, why even go there?
1	Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.
1	I came in with a flat.  They said they couldn't repair the tire because there was cracking on the edges.  True there were cracks, but they were hairline cracks and superficial.  The diagnosis was done just from examining the exterior, which I discovered, is not sufficient to adequately judge if the cracking is bad enough--you have to actually take the tire off.Coincidentally, all four tires had the light cracking and therefore all four tires would probably need replacing.  Hmmm....  How convenient for Monro?Well, even if I give them the benefit of the doubt on the tire cracking, the pricing on the tires was ridiculous.  My tires, which were under warranty, would have cost over $500 to get replaced with crap tires (that's with the warranty credit applied).  Oh but wait, they could make me a deal with some in-house tires that were even crappier for $480.  How did I know they were crappy?  I looked them up online.  Guess what else I found.  Both sets of tires were significantly cheaper according to the Manufacturer's website even when including installation, balancing, and disposal!  So no, no thank you.  I don't want to pay $500 to get cheap tires on my car.Fortunately, my tire would hold air for a few hours so I drove to another place.  They fixed the flat no problem for $20.  Guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all.
4	The new manager, Ray, was really friendly and helpful. Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly. I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford, this one is just as great! Thank you!
4	Like the previous reviewer, the new manager Ray is awesome. I needed a relatively simple tire change. It was handled professionally and friendly.What got my attention is that, while I was waiting, Ray was dealing with a really difficult customer. I would have blown my top at this guy, but Ray was calm told him his options (which, as a car guy, I agreed with) and handled his concern. Like a pro.
1	I came in here to have a diagnosis done on my car because the ABS light was on. They removed all the tires, showed me how the sensor and ABS work, did not perform the diagnosis I originally went in for and told me that I should have the back wheel hubs replaced for a total of $1,222, this with a new set of breaks (that I knew about) and "without" charging me labor. I may not know much about cars but I know how to search the internet and ask for advice. I found the cost of wheel hubs, they are no more than $150 each (for my car) and here they said that they cost $550 each (before labor). I also found out that the sensors get so soiled from all the dirt and salt that most of the time all the car needs is a simple wash on the undercarriage. You should always have your car washed, specially in the winter. It may save you $100's.This place will rob you blind.Never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework!
3	I knew I needed new tires and an alignment so I ordered the tires ahead so I could be in-and-out as quickly as possible to make it to class. Showed up noone had ordered the tires but they said they'd split the difference of a different brand. I was a little irritated but agreed and thought this was going to be a bad decision coming here (I'm from out of town); however, I was pleasantly surprised by the service. The mechanics noticed the car's bushings were what was causing the problems it took awhile and they offered a little extra discount which was much appreciated. Overall, it took 2 and 1/2 hours, had front aligned, bushings replaced, two new tires, and an oil change....cost $606. So, I still believe it was a little pricey but the guys were great and I can definitely note an overall difference in my car.
1	I took a subaru outback here for the annual state safety and emissions inspections.  First I was charged more for this service than what was clearly posted on the service station wall.  Secondly I was failed for a lug nut that had rusted to the point that the technicians could not get it off.   I was quoted $425 for them to get it off.  I was able to accomplish this with a $6 bottle of penetrating oil and a breaker bar.  When I returned to have the reinspection I was charged for it (their policy posted on the service wall clearly states you get a second inspection within 30 days of initially failing free of charge).  This time they were able to get the lug nut off but supposedly could not get it back on.  This was odd as I had taken it off and put it back on numerous times to ensure it was okay to pass.  They once again quoted me $425, stating they would have to replace the wheel stud.  The new wheel stud cost me $3.50 at the local parts store and I did the job in under an hour without a single power tool.  This shop is not following the guidelines they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problems in an effort to overcharge you for simple repairs.  Avoid this shop.
1	Have taken my car here a few times because there's a bus stop out front so it's convenient to drop my car off and get to work. But after what happened I will never be back. They just cost me money and lost my tires. In March I blew a tire on a pothole (naturally) and they replaced the two front tires for me. The second tire was fine but you have to replace both, I kept it so that I would have a spare if another one blew out. Put the tires in my basement, no problem. Saved for a rainy day. This week I ran over a nail and the tire wasn't fixable so I had to get it replaced. Luckily I've got a spare! I called Monro early this morning to see if I could get in but they said it would be tomorrow at the earliest. I needed my car so I took it to pep boys (three hour turnaround - also the last time I needed an oil change they said they were booked for three days, good lord). I drop the car off at Pep Boys and tell them the extra tire is in the back. They call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size. What? Monro gave me the wrong tires back when they replaced them in March. So I had to buy a new tire when I had a perfectly good one that is now god knows where. The tire was the wrong size and definitely didn't come from my car as it wouldn't have fit on the rim. After paying for the tire at Pep Boys I went over to Monro to see what they would do about it. They informed me that because I already had the new tire put on they couldn't do anything but the next time I came in they "would work with me". Why the hell would I come back when you just screwed me out of a hundred bucks and a good tire? Not worth chancing. Because you couldn't fit me in within a day I get screwed? If you need tires go to Pep Boys on Milvalle. If you need an oil change go to Midas on Penn Circle they'll be able to get you in and not wait three days.
1	Ah Monro, where "45 minutes" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything...
