5	I love this place. But you kind of have to know your food. Don't order a lunch special, or a combo and expect to be amazed. It is a izakaya so enjoy some appetizers and drinks. O and don't forget the sake ice cream!
4	My favorite Sushi place in Brossard.  While you can order anything off the menu for take out, they also have a SPECIAL take out menu of combos for up to 5 people, a very good price.  My fav for two people is Combo for 2 people F that has lots of goodies including their Dragon Eye which is Fried Salmon Sushi...yum!Another fav of mine is the Tuna Tuna that has red tuna.  The tempura is good also if you are into fried foods :)The chef knows what he's doing, rice is well made, he cares for the product he puts out.  I haven't had any bad fish here.The mall is pretty dead except for a few restaurants and offices, so no problem for parking.  The restaurant is a little small so I would call ahead if you are large group.
4	I recently discovered this hidden sushis place in Brossard. Restaurant itself is clean and nice, nothing special though. Service was amazing and quite fast. When we got there, it was already late (9:50PM) and they let us sit and eat.Sushis were not the best I've had, but they were good and most important, fish was fresh. I'd recommend creative sushis.They also offer an exhaustive sake list.
4	Raku Izakaya is by no means a cheap restaurant. Its upscale decor and price point write a check that surprisingly its food quality does cash. I particularly liked the attractive presentation and subtle flavours. The waitress explained that the ingredients are carefully selected, even acquired tastes like natto are surprisingly good. The japanophiles among you will know how tricky natto can be, take it from someone who's had the real deal in Japan, these guys know what they're doing. This is the kind of place you reserve with a group of ten - and yes, they do accept special orders if placed in advanced. The friendly staff at Raku will even go as far as special order chuutoro fatty tuna if you're willing to foot the bill. A fine establishment for discerning palettes.
