4	I was helping a friend whose sister had passed away and saw them handle the estate after her death and I have to say that it was a good experience. Their office was close in Summerlin and comfortable and they took the time to walk through the process so the family was happy. Good guys who know their stuff but not the uptight kind that keeps you away from attorneys. The bad was that the office was nice but it was a bit hard to find, but definitely reccomend.
5	I was recently involved in a business transaction that I never before encountered. Cooper Coons, Ltd was able to guide me through the legal implications of the deal and answer any questions I had. In addition, they promptly drafted a contract that adequately protected my business interest. They were extremely responsive and the deal went off without a hitch. I highly recommend this firm to anyone who is looking for capable attorneys with knowledge and a professional touch.
5	Cooper Coons, Ltd. helped my husband and I setup our family trust, will, and directives. We really appreciated how everything was thoroughly explained to us and we were able to feel confident we had the right firm. This firm has a great office and everyone I have met there was very friendly. Cooper Coons, Ltd. takes the time to get to know their clients and make sure that they are well informed and have what they need to make smart decisions while protecting their interests. We plan on using them to setup our LLC in the near future. I would highly recommend them!
5	All I can say is that my experience at Cooper Coons was excellent. They took care of my trust and I knew I was in good hands! I would and will recommend them to everyone!
5	I've used Cooper|Coons personally to set up and manage my Trust as well as my Mother's Trust. Additionally, I've referred their office more times that I can count and every time my clients have thanked me for the referral because they had the same great experience. Hiring an attorney can be daunting and expensive. I find most attorneys lack customer service and personal attention. Cooper|Coons has always exceeded expectations and have always been my go-to!
5	I recently used Cooper Coons to handle setting up 3 trusts for myself, my father, and my brother.Their price was VERY competitive, and they were a pleasure to work with.Jeremy and Tameka were very professional and were able to address all our concerns and questions promptly and effectively.They also handled some deed work that we needed on a few properties, which saved us the hassle of going down to the recorders office.All in all I would definitely reccomend!
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND Jeremy Cooper for anyone who needs to get any estate planning completed.  Jeremy helped me set up my trusts and other estate planning needs, and was able to walk me through the whole process.  He clearly broke down all the "legal mumbo-jumbo" in a manner that made me understand every facet of a very confusing part of law (to me) and I felt very comfortable the whole time.
