5	Cheeseburgers, easy to eat and carry on a plane.
3	Yes they are ridiculously expensive compared to other BK's, but it is in the airport, what did you expect? Compared to some of the crap that you get prepackaged in the refrigerated cases, I welcome BK any time, vs an old tuna sandwich.  Service during breakfast was ridiculously quick.  I got my breakfast sandwich less than 2 min from the time I placed my order.
1	Dont try the buffalo chix strips, they tasted horrible and over cooked, the buffalo sauce tasted like vinegar straight out of the bottle. i paid over $10 for the "meal"
3	Same food as any other Burger King, but way way overpriced here. Not worth it unless you're super hungry for a $10.99 mediocre burger meal, but still there were crowds of people ordering food. I grabbed an over priced cheeseburger to hold me over until my flight and that was it.
4	Today I had brunch. And by brunch I mean stuffing myself to capacity, followed by drinking for 3 hours. I still feel buzzed, but, also sorta hungover. I'm currently sitting at my gate eating fryer fresh piping hot nuggets, french fries, and a liter of water. Yes, it was $13. Yes, it's most definitely needed right now. It's the airport. Expect to pay more.
4	Great little stop to pick up some breakfast before heading to our flight....the food was hot and cooked to order....love the little hash brown minis....also changed my coffee to a diet soda so I could take it on the plane. The service was given with a smile
3	So after that tragedy of a burger I had earlier from Carl's Jr., I felt a redemption could be made if I just ordered two cheeseburgers at BK.  How hard can it be to make two plain cheeseburgers?  So I waited, and waited, and waited, while other people were getting their chicken nuggets, Whopper Jr's, and Extra Long BBQ Cheeseburgers.  While all that was happening I was staring at their order board and saw my order was in red letters and was passing 5 minutes while all the others were in green letters and most were finished in under a minute.  For two plain cheeseburgers?  C'mon, now!!  Well I finally got my cheeseburgers and they definitely made up for that hot mess I had earlier from Carl's Jr.
1	This is just terrible. Not only have they almost doubled the prices of almost every other Burger King as well as expecting you to pay tax, but they don't even have the full menu. Despite being unhappy about the price, I opted for a substitute, that should have been good- it had onion rings, bacon and BBQ sauce.  My bun was a bit burnt and the flavors all bland. Not worth it at all.
2	I know it's Burger king but still.  All I ask is that my food be hot. If not hot, at least warm.Airport food is expensive and I realize that. Don't eat here unless you like cold food and self service coffee that is warm.
4	Who cares what it cost, it's Burger King at the airport. Free refills. I forgot to order cheese with that.
1	Can't believe the price markup.  Been in many other airports and it's never this bad.  There's better food for the price elsewhere.
