5	This is a great place to eat! The sandwich maker was friendly and was very skilled at putting together my turkey and provolone sandwich. The gent that rang me up was courteous and thanked me for my business. The atmosphere is cool, fresh and clean. The sandwich and fresh baked oatmeal cookie was delicious! I highly recommend that you eat here.
2	Nice people and good service, it's just the food was subpar.  If you love airplane food, you'll love this place.  If you like good subs, this is probably not the best place for you.  Another negative is the pricing - it seems to be way higher than Subway, which has better subs than Blimpie.
5	Couldn't be more pleased with the food and service here. They're very friendly and really seem to go out of their way to take care of their customers. The sandwiches are great as well.
5	Had a wonderful experience at this location tonight. Family owned friendly place with fresh great sandwiches!! Highly recommended!
5	I very much enjoyed my sandwich. The service was excellent. They sliced the meat and even gave me samples as well. The bread is less chewie than subway. The prices are the same as subway. It is a family owned business so i choose to support that any day. Five stars on every level.
4	I saw a flag on the side of the road on the way home from work and since I was starving I decided to pull over.  It's off the road a but and I never would have known it was there except for the flag/banner. Being that it was after one in the afternoon the place wasn't busy at all.  I got my sandwich to go expecting stale bread.  I was very pleasantly surprised!  My roast beef and provolone on parmesan bread was very good!  I would give five stars but I think the location isn't located in a prime and memorable spot and while Yummmy so pricey for a sandwich!
2	It's hard to not compare a place like Blimpie to Subway because...well they serve the same thing. This was my first visit to a Blimpie and I was not at all impressed. Food: The sandwhich was not bad but it was not as good as a subway sandwich. Why can't I see what vegetables I want to add?? You have to ask me on every item? Gets annoying. It's hard to mess up a sandwich and in this situation they didn't. Service: The staff was friendly but there is only two customers in the store. I stood there for 10 minutes waiting to order while 1 guy was slicing meat and the other guy taking his time with the other customer. No bueno. Environment: This Blimpie is EMPTY. Price: Paid $9 for what looks to be smaller than a 6" sub with chips and a drink. Pretty pricey for what it is. Food: 3Service: 2Environment: 2Price: 2
5	Great sandwich and very friendly staff.I wish they sold Coke products.I think this retail center needs better signage
4	They have yummy subs at an affordable price. I do love their Italian bread, but got the sourdough this time. It was pretty thick and didn't compliment the sandwich like I was expecting. Communication at thus location leaves a but to be desired, but it isn't terrible.
4	So honestly, if we were just going based off of service, quality, and cleanliness, I would give this place 5 stars for a casual, quick sandwich shop. The loss of a star is nothing personal about this location, it's more about the chain. I have been here a couple times now since they opened, as a break from a regular Subway sandwich. The family that owns this place is seriously so sweet. I want to eat here more just to support them.The sandwiches I have had from here are pretty good. They take their time putting your sandwich together and you can tell they take pride in what they put out there. I definitely feel like the veggies are fresh and are a higher quality than Subway. I do wish that you could see the veggie area so you could know what your choices are. There also is not a list or pictures of what the veggie options are. While I appreciate that they are able to close the veggie area and keep it more sanitary and away from flies, etc... consumers have definitely grown accustom to seeing what you are putting together for them. This is nothing on the owner's, it seems like it is just the setup the chain has decided on.Also, you should know to look at the menu item you are ordering closely- if it doesn't say turkey+provolone as an example and says turkey, that means it's literally just the meat, you have to pay to add cheese. Considering the cheese is a pretty modest amount, it would be nice if all the sandwiches just came with cheese. Also, they offer a lot of bread options but half of them you have to pay extra for. Again, these are not things specific to this location, if you have not been to a Blimpies before though, they are what to expect from the chain. Anyway, if you are looking for a quick bite, but are sick of Subway as the only quick sandwich option like I was, give this place a try. It's a bit more expensive but if you take what I said into consideration and order on standard bread (which I like better than the pretzel bread upgrade) and order something that already comes with cheese, hopefully you will be pleased.
