1	Beautiful apartment full of scorpions.  Whole complex is invested with scorpions and pests.  They don't care and they have a really lousy pest control.  When we moved, they tried to charge us for a scorpion infested rug.  And they have no security.  We were there 2 days, when they had a drive-by shooting.  Serious crime problem.
2	From the moment we moved in we have had problems with our complex. Our upstairs neighbor plays music at 5:30am every morning to the point where it wakes me up every day. The walls are so thin you can hear everything your neighbors are saying/doing. Also, if you work a 8am-5pm job like me and my boyfriend don't ever plan on having any maintenance done. Every time we needed work done I had to take a day off of work. (which I really can't afford.) There was one time we had asked for maintenance on our kitchen sink because it was draining into the cupboard below. We had given them permission to enter and no one had showed up to fix the sink. We made a complaint and then the next day a maintenance man was there. Instead of fixing the piping he ghetto rigged it into place. Not only did he not fix the sink which lead to multiple phone calls and issues, but he went into our bedroom. The only reason we knew he was in the bedroom was because our dogs had to be kenneled whenever we had repair work done. (They are aggressive.) We would shut them into our bedroom so they wouldn't bark at the guy the entire time he was there fixing our sink. The day the maintenance man was supposed to be there I came home to an open bedroom door. We still don't know why he thought it was OK to par-ooze the house why we were gone but we definitely wouldn't recommend anyone letting the maintenance enter without someone being present. Another issue we had is that we needed our bath tub to be repaired. After we had moved in the bath tub started to flake. We haven't been able to get any one out here since we need someone to be present to fix the bath tub. Also, whenever we ran the washing machine/dryer nicotine would come out of the walls. Yellow ooze would run down the doors/walls whenever they were running. Our apartment is 600 sq ft and we are paying over $730 to live here every month. They have also decided to up our rent an additional $30 if we decided to stay. (HAHAHAHA ... no) On top of issues with the office the neighbor hood is bad. About a week after we had moved in a swat team was in front of our apartment and I spent 2 hours outside in the desert heat with two aggressive dogs because we were not allowed into our apartment. We asked the front office what to do and they said tough cookies and went home. There have been multiple drive by shootings and helicopters circling the area when we take our dogs out for a walk. (Completely ridiculous!) There are two schizo boys that walk around the neighborhood everyday. They make me feel so uncomfortable and my dogs hate them, but what can you really do about that? The management is awful and they treat you like dirt after you sign your 14 month lease. (Yes, we signed a 14 month lease thinking we were getting a steal on our first apartment! Boy were we wrong!) To those of you who still have a chance, find something better. All of our neighbors moved out and there have been less new comers filling the apartments. Let's keep it this way. Apartment number 1058 has had enough.After posting this comment I received a call from Sydney (She is one of the new girls from the company who took over our complex about a month ago.) She wanted to address the problems I have been having with the complex. I addressed my concerns with her. This makes me have high hopes for the new complex, but I won't be sticking around to find out how it turns out. The fact that I had even gotten any feedback from our complex at all was a shock (a pleasant shock.) Good luck to those of you who are going to test the waters.
1	My lease started July 17th. Did I move in that day? NO. When I went into my new home to fill out the move in inspection I found the house was not "Move in ready" like Gina (The Property Manager) said. The walls were poorly painted, sink cabinet was bowing from water damage, bathroom sink was cracked, outlets hanging from the wall, bathtub tiles cracked, shower head hanging from the wall, outside storage door didn't shut, PATIO FLOOR BOWING, PATIO ROOF BOWING & WATER DAMAGE, carpet stains from previous owners, A/C WAS BROKEN, light switches were installed upside down, and counter tops were horrible. I wrote everything down and turned in my paper to Gina, and she had maintenance "fix" the problems. More like half ass them. I didnt move in until it was fixed! After I was moved in I realized more problems. A/c still didnt work, patio wasn't fixed(still isnt), dryer was out (still isnt fixed), bedroom window was loose, and my tub faucet started to spray water. My A/C was out for over a week. We had to pack up and stay at someone elses house!!!!! That was after calling the "24 hour maintenance" at 6pm when we got home from work. It never went to voice mail. Nobody ever picked up. The next night it went out again, and my boyfriend works at 2am so when he woke up it was 99 degrees in here. He called the "24 hour maintenance",  got transferred, put on hold, then got told, "I can bring you a portable, but I live about 45mins away and it would be an inconvenience." No dude. It's cool. Its not like I live in ARIZONA or anything?! The maintenance manager told us we could have a portable before that phone call was even made. We had guys in here every day for our A/C and they didn't do anything. The maintenance will do anything to not replace something broken. Finally they replaced it and gave us a portable..... dont you think they did that backwards? They should have gave us a portable in the beginning when they were coming in every day. I talked to Gina about getting a discounton my rent, but she said I was being completely unreasonable and unrealistic. The maintenance people left all my lights on, left my A/C turned down to 55 degrees when I wasnt even living there. My SRP bill was sky high for not even being there. Also they went in my closet! Why? I dont know? Then a random guy walks into my house as I am NAKED. I scream, "What the fuck?!" My boyfriend is in the shower. I go outside and he doesn't say who he is. He doesnt say anything. Come to find out he was a vendor sent to fix my window. Well its been so long I forgot its broken. I didnt NOT give him permission to enter. Gina personally gave him the key to my apt. I know because I asked him. I told the office about it and nothing happened. maintenance has came a minimum of 4 times for each problem because they cannot fix things the first time. My new neighbors threw a party the other night and busted out their window. The very next morning before the office even opened a vendor was there to fix their window. When I asked the assistant manager why they had such fast service. She said that was an emergency. Oh yeah? Then why did it take days for my window guy to come? I filled in my move in inspection july 17th that my patio is about to fall through do to water damage and so is my roof. I made a service request august 19th and august 27th. I set up two appointments for them to come look at it. They never showed! Then the maintenance guy tells me he doesnt do that.. oh really then why did the assistant manager schedule me an appointment then? I just went in yesterday and talked to gina about it. She said she filled paperwork friday the 29th... why did it take you 10 days to file the paper work to the vedor? I just had the dyer vedor come in today at noon. My appointment was at 3. I asked him why he was here so early and he said his paperwork says 1pm. The office is a joke. They lack to tell you valuable information. I have the right to deny people to enter my home. After everything thing that has happened, nobody will set foot in my house unless I am home because I want to know if they even show up. My dryer still doesnt work, and the strangest thing happened today. My glass plate in my microwave cracked in half while making pop corn. This place is falling apart.  This place was not "move in ready" I will get some kind of renters concent for this, and I'll post all my photos and my reviews everywhere. By the way. We are in th ghetto and its sketchy all the time.
