3	IHOP is IHOP... it's great for it's consistency wherever you go.  Usually when I hit up IHOP it's on the weekends and you end up fighting the crowds, but if you time it just right... your IHOP experience can be a good one.This experience recently on a Saturday happened to be after a 4 mile run so we were super super hungry.  I was pleasantly surprised since they offer some new healthy options.  I had the wheat french toast combo with turkey bacon and scrambled egg beater eggs.  Not too bad for 490 calories.  Good way to start the day.
3	iHop is one of our favorite restaurants for late night suppers. We prefer not to go when the rest of the area eats. Our experiences there have been mixed. Servers that I can recommend are Spring & Tiffany who will go the extra distance to make sure you have plenty to drink & refresh your hot maple syrup.Unfortunately we have also had servers who think that making you wait 1/2 hour or more for your check is the way to win a big tip. In that instance the server never returned & we had the meal comped by the manager who told us that she had gone across the street for baby formula. As we were leaving she was pulling up. Another server told me that the reason we had to wait so long to leave was because she had to go to the bathroom. On one of our most recent visits our server told us that the reason that our food was cold, that we got no drink refills, that he couldn't give us our check in a timely manner was because he was " running around like a chicken with his head cut off."My wife had ordered cheese soup & a sandwich when we had the chicken as a waiter. The soup came out cold & it resembled snot. The manager took it off our bill.On our last visit the manager served us herself & it was a great meal with excellent service. I like iHop because its cheap & you get decent sized portions. I love the all you can eat pancakes even though I can never eat more than a single plate. If you're worried about shenanigans dining there late at night don't worry. Pineville stations an officer there from 12am - 5am.
2	My son and I love going to IHOP for breakfast. Well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations. The restaurant had about 10 tables empty and we still had to wait 20 mins to be seated. My guess is they were understaffed. Once we did get seated, service was slow and really bad. I had to ask 4 times for silverware, 3 times for a straw for my sons cup, and the food just wasn't that good. My plate was dirty. My son asked for strawberries on his pancakes and they had blueberry syrup on them - I wonder who's plate they scraped them off of. Oh and the straw came as we were paying. Not our best IHOP experience.
2	My wife and I had great service from Spring when we ate here a few nights ago. We always ask for either her or Tiffany. Unfortunately the steak tips and eggs that I ordered for dinner were foul. The steak was either overcooked or it was bordering on raw. Thank Gods for the fluffy buttermilk pancakes & hot maple syrup. Without them I'd have gone hungry that night.You might wonder why we continue to eat there given the plethora or marginal experiences, well it is very cheap & its closer to the house than driving down to Carrowinds to go to Cracker Barrel.
3	We went to iHOP this evening. Spring was out so we got served by Bob the manager. We both had sweet tea and ham & egg melts with fries. Everything was good. Bob is a good waitress. He was prompt with our drink refills.
4	We were greeted by Tracy the manager who decided to serve us along with our faithful waitress Sky. We sat in our usual booth & had a couple sweet teas. My wife had wings and a salad. I had a burger without the bacon interwoven into it. Overall it was a good meal with a lot of iHop gossip being passed along.
4	Spring seated us in the back section tonight.  We both settled for sweet tea. My wife ordered biscuits and gravy. I ordered a spinach and mushroom omelet with a side of buttermilk pancakes and sausage. I ate all the pancakes and most of the omelet. I think I should just stick to pancakes. Tonight we met the crazy crack lady. She appeared at our booth to inform us that her Lincoln had a leaky fuel line & what were we going to do about it? Since all the garages were closed for the evening I suggested that she talk with Tracey the manager. Tracey handed her off to someone else & she slowly started to make the rounds of the customers in the restaurant. Tracey let us out a side door in the kitchen to get away from her. LOL.
3	My wife & I were back at iHop in Pineville this evening. The restaurant was pretty empty. The manager told us that it was very full a couple hours ago because Tuesday night is kids eat free night. My wife had chicken & waffles & I had a new menu item the chicken fajita quesadilla with a side of onion rings. My wife inhaled her meal. I worked my way through mine. Ihop makes really good onion rings so it was a treat to eat there tonight.
3	Tonight we're seated close to the kitchen. There's a bunch of adult children seated around us. Bob is the manager tonight and Spring is our server. Matt is also serving tonight. He's as dour as he normally is. I ordered a sweet tea while my wife ordered a pepsi. I'm using a birthday coupon for a free entree for chocolate chip pancakes. Spring brought me an ice cream sundae on the house! She said they would sing happy birthday to me but I told them not to bother. The food was good. We had a good time.
3	It's fairly crowded tonight. I keep asking myself why on earth I would want to eat here on my birthday. The only reason I could think of was that the servers are really entertaining. Its a good place to people watch and that night there were certainly a lot of different people to observe. Spring was our server tonight. I had pancakes with hot maple syrup & a sweet tea. I guess iHop pancakes are one of my comfort foods. I've never had a bad pancake at iHop.
5	Josh is awesome!! Great server. Get the ayce pancakes. Yum!
4	Spring is our waitress. We went down so that my wife could get her free birthday entree. She had all you can eat pancakes. I had a short stack of pancakes with sausage, bacon, eggs & grits. The food was filling but average. Spring & Matt were the only servers. Bob was manager that night. Ihop is still good comfort food.
3	Matt is our server tonight. I ordered a Bacon cheeseburger and a sweet tea with onion rings as the side. My wire ordered some breakfast thing. There are five people in here including us. We'd hoped for more dinner theater, alas.
3	Even though the place is almost empty there are still enough people to watch. I'm going to order the all you can eat pancakes. My wife ordered wings and a house salad. Apparently 7pm is the dinner hour for older Charlotteans. The front of the restaurant was almost full. Service was slow but there were only two servers Matt & Tiffany. Tracey was the night manager. We go there to hang out & kill a few hours so slow service doesn't matter really to us anymore. The thing I really hate is the way that the food is presented. It looks nothing like it does on the menu.
3	The place is hopping tonight. Matt, Bina, Tiffany and Tracey are working tonight. Apparently Scarowinds is providing lots of late night traffic. There are a lot of teens here tonight and the ever watchful Pineville police officer. I ordered the ultimate Bacon something or other with pumpkin pancakes and a sweet tea. I hope its filling. I'm pretty hungry tonight. As it turned out I ate it all & it was really good. It didn't look anything like the menu though they really need to work on presentation.
3	It's an absolute nightmare of people tonight. I had the jack cheddar potatoes with pumpkin pancakes and extra meat. Matt was my server. He forgot the larger plate for the pancakes. Tracey dyed her hair jet black! All in all good dinner theater and average food. When I was on my way out the door I encountered a group of teens involved with saving some girl's soul from the devil. Definitely an odd night.
2	The service was very friendly, but the food wasn't all that good. Most everything tasted like it had been sitting around for quite a while before being plated. Especially the potatoes. Not sure I would return.
2	My wife asked me if I wanted to go to iHop tonight and naturally I said yes. I have to protect my dukedom. I ordered the country sausage potatoes, pumpkin pancakes & grits. It will probably be good. Their grill guy is pretty consistent in turning out good food. There are quite a few people here for a Saturday night. Well the food was barely warm. Not an auspicious start to the meal. Cold grits aren't a treat. All in all I wondered why we bothered going.We went to iHop for brunch today 11/5/12 around noon & had Katrina as our server. It wasn't the best meal as far as service was concerned. I had to call her back to the table to refill my drink. Apparently my empty glass wasn't enough of a visual cue. The meal itself was average, a bacon cheeseburger with fries and sweet tea. I don't think of iHop as a lunchtime destination and I probably never will.
2	I'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the French onion pot roast. I can safely say that I will never order either again. The soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt. The pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever. It was tender but the mushrooms and carmelized onions were not in evidence. To make matters worse the corn was flavorless and the mashed potatoes had no butter. Tiffany failed as our server tonight but Tracey stepped up and refreshed our drinks and brought me melted butter and grilled onions.
4	For an IHOP, the Pineville location is as good as it gets!What do I mean "for an IHOP"?  It's a fast food franchise, whose claim to fame are their fast, and (fairly) inexpensive, breakfasts.  Frame your expectations accordingly, and you won't be disappointed.We're especially fond of the night crew: (Spring, Tracy, and Tiffany); each are not only friendly and efficient, but they're funny as hell.For as much as I might enter this location with a frown, I walk out with a smile each time, and it isn't the pancakes. It isn't that they're bad...it's just that they're standard IHOP fare.The dining area is consistently clean; servers are great, the pancakes are pretty good, and fairly inexpensive.  This is a place for breakfast, but not much else.
3	This place is empty tonight. Spring is the only server. Tiffany is here too but she looks terrible. I ordered the 3 eggs, 3 pancakes with 4 sausage links. Hopefully it will be good. And... It was just fine. Not the best by any means but good food.
2	Okay, I know this is just an IHOP, so I shouldn't expect culinary excellence.  But.We've been to this location a couple times.  They do breakfast VERY well.  Their coffee is always fresh and hot.  Their pancakes are always fresh and hot.  Their orange juice is never too tart, never too sweet.  I've never found foreign items in my food.  Wait staff is always courteous and helpful.But.Beware - when you order NON-breakfast items, you may not end up with a satisfying meal.  This past weekend I took my daughter and my grandmother to the IHOP for a quick & cheap post-church lunch.  My grandmother ordered coffee and a belgian waffle - she said it was very delicious.  My daughter got the baby cakes kids meal, and she ate most of it.  I made the mistake of ordering the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and corn on the side.  The chicken fried steak was so tough as to be inedible (I took a couple bites and left the rest).  The mashed potatoes had clearly been in that serving bowl since the morning.  I took one bite and when I realized I was eating aged potatoes, I left the rest.  The corn was the best thing on the plate.  Needless to say when we got home I made myself a sandwich since I didn't really get lunch at the IHOP. *lol*As I said, we've been to this location before, and they definitely do breakfast right (which makes sense given what an IHOP is).  My daughter and grandmother were very satisfied with their meals.  But stick with the breakfast menu.  Don't venture anywhere near the non-breakfast menu.  Then you should be fine.
3	Colorado omelette time! It looked interesting on the menu & I thought let's try it. So much of iHop's menu is bland & boring. The Colorado omelette is the meat lovers omelette according to Tiffany. It has bacon, sausage & regrettably pot roast.Unlike the pot roast that is served as a stand alone meal the pot roast in the Colorado omelette is actually moist & tasteless. I found the entirety of it repulsive but managed to choke down about a third of it. I left the rest on the plate vowing to never try it again. As it happened it was taken off our bill. The pancakes are great as always.Ihop gets three stars for the service & the servers not the nasty omelette.
2	New menus at ihop means higher prices! Wonderful. It seems that everything on the menu has gone up by at least $1.00 across the board. I had a Country Omelet with a side of Red Velvet Pancakes. The omelet was uninspired. It had no flavor whatsoever. Thank God for ketchup! The red velvet pancakes were chocolate pancakes with red food dye added into them.  THey were brown on the outside & an odd shade of dark pink on the inside. They also were flavorless but they had some sickeningly sweet cream cheese flavored paste drizzled all over them. Then the stack was topped with whipped cream. Whipped cream? Really? Maybe that goes over well with children but for an adult its a little creepy. The accompanying dinner theater provided by other diners & the sweet tea were the highlights of the meal.The other strange thing about iHop is that the food never comes out hot, only warm. I think the grills are just for show. I think that they warm everything in an Easy Bake oven under a 10watt bulb.
4	Cedric is our server. A nice polite young man. I ordered a breakfast sampler. The restaurant is absolutely packed this morning. The food was hot & delivered promptly. Cedric was a great server I'd be happy to have him serve us again.
3	(4/14/13) I ordered an appetizer sampler and my wife ordered chicken strips this evening. The presentation wasn't awesome nor was the food artfully arranged but it was hot & delicious!
3	I ordered the ultimate bacon and sausage platter with all you can eat pancakes. Spring is our server. The restaurant was pretty empty when we got there but slowly started to attract people as we ate. I suppose that most people don't see IHop as a Mother's Day destination which was good because it was very easy to get a table. The food would't win any awards but it hit the spot & the dinner show was always good.
3	(5/24/13) Spring is our server this evening.  I ordered a cheeseburger and a side of onion rings. It was good. My wife ordered chicken tenders. The food was good but average. We mainly go to iHop to people watch & hang out with the staff. All in all a good evening.
4	(6/16/13) Its time to use my free birthday coupon. Argh, the menus have changed again. According to Spring the prices have gone up an average of 0.20 across the board. The new menus also are missing the side items for non breakfast foods. The pictures for each dish are closer to the ways that the dishes actually look rather than some corporate artist's fantasy.I had an omelet with red velvet pancakes & sweet tea. It was good, comfort food that hit the spot better than Red Robin did.
4	(6/29/2013) Both Spring and Tiffany are working tonight. The restaurant is sort of full for nearly 2300. I ordered a spinach & mushroom omelet, sausage links & buttermilk pancakes. My wife had the chicken fajita quesadillas & onion rings. Everything was great! The surprise at the end was special. Tiffany, Spring & Cindy gave me an ice cream sundae & sang happy birthday to me! All in all a very good evening.
4	(7/14/13) Spring is our server this evening. I had the all you can eat pancakes & my wife had chicken wings. Everything was good.
4	As far as IHops go, 5 stars. Super friendly service, Kay was awesome. Carolyn at check out was great too. Got my free birthday meal and just substituted it for something of equal value. Delicious breakfast and really quick.
4	(9-14-13) Had a new server Nikki this evening. Spring  & Tiffany left this location. Only Matt & Cindy remain from the old crew. The food was good. I had a cheese burger & onion rings with sweet tea.(10-3-13) We once again dined at Ihop. I had a one year anniversary certificate from the online Ihop club. I got an omelet & pumpkin pancakes. Matt was our server & the food was great!
5	Go there every other Thursday for my life group bible study and they are excellent with their customer service and the food is great and they know what I want when I get there and keeps sweet tea on my table. They like us being there b/c of what we do and stand for.
3	I ordered the all you can eat pancakes and four sausage links. Coty is our server though Matt & Cindy are here too. Everything was fine. It definitely was better than Waffle House.
3	It's IHOP. I'm still alive. Food is good. Large selection of food from breakfast (Crazy huge omelets!) to dinner. Sometimes hard to make a quick decision.
3	So I'm having the bacon and white cheddar melt on artisan sourdough bread and it's amazing! The most amazing thing about it is that it has no distinct taste other than the eggs. The seasoned fries are seasoned with salt I believe. They taste good. The grilled sourdough bread has the strangest scent. It reminds me of freshly drying paint.My wife ordered the new quesadillas. She's fully consumed one with no snide comments flying so it must be good.
3	Michelle is our server this evening.  I ordered a mushroom spinach burger with fries and an unsweetened tea. Unsurprisingly nothing had any flavor. The service was pretty bad as well. A shame really,  I was looking forward to chatting with Matt, but he was sent home early because it was dead. When we left there were at least 30 people there.
2	Food was very salty. I think I'm bout to have a heart attack. God took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten. Anyhoo I was so hungry I ignored the salty food and scarfed it down. There seasonal fruit contained 3 canned pineapples and 2 canned grapes.
4	Good clean restaurant - manager is hands on and aware of customers and kitchen staff. I sat near kitchen so it was loud - my order was steak and eggs with steak medium - came to me with well done steak - manager immediately fixed it - For lower than expected expectation the experience didn't disappoint - If your hungry for breakfast food it is a good place to go . The waitress was not much help and really apparently non existent . The check was left on my table way too early and so was she ... Don't go in with too high expectations and you'll do fine ...
