3	I would always pay a visit to this place for their Holiday Pies ... Oh and honeslty i would have ordered a happy meal for myself just cause their giving out Hello Kitty watches which unfortunately they happen to run out. Boo!!!
3	I actually visited the McDonads inside the Walmart across the street from this place. I couldn't check in because it was attached to the Walmart..?Anyway, Walmart McDonalds are the stingiest. Extra price for everything.They have this cool deal though. 20 nuggets, 2 large fries, 2 large drinks for $10. Not bad if you're in the mood for nuggets.Other than that, go to a different Mickey D's.
4	This one was attached to the gas station here at my corner and I've never been inside, and even though I like McDonalds. I rarely eat here except for bkfst once a week, on my way to work.  But I had to stop in and get my filling of McRib (YEA BABY) :-)  When I walked inside, it was actually VERY nice looking.  It didn't look like the typical McDonalds dining room.  It had beautiful cushion benches/booths and it was quiet too. You would've thought you were in a nice coffee house.  The price for my McRib was $1.99 each (which seemed like a fair price) I had that and a medium fry and an order of chocolate chip cookies (I love their cookies).  I got home, the sandwiches were hot and yummmmmmmmyyy. Fries were just ok, and the cookies were really good too.  If I just wanted to get out sometime and go for a coffee or a small treat or bkfst. I would definitely go and relax in their dining room.
1	This place absolutely sucks. Every time I come here, Every Time, they screw up my order. My worst experience here was when I stopped by for a late night snack and they forgot an order of nuggets that they charged me for. i drive back around and they just closed and wouldn't even open the window to listen to me. I understand its a safety thing but they still took my money and didn't give me my food. Management was apologetic but never offered me either my money back or to give me my food. I was over it and didn't want to waste anymore time on this place.
3	This McDonald's puts real flowers on the tables.WTF.AND, it's a gas station McDonald's.  It's not even a free-standing McDonald's. Mind=boggled.Anyways...I never eat at McDonald's but had a hankerin' one morning for hot cakes.  I was a little perplexed walking in, however, because the decor was really modern and...tasteful.  Not what you expect from a McDonald's.  A+ franchisee, A+.Also, I learned a great thing, the greatest thing I learned in all of August 2012.  McDonald's now serves dipped cones! And, they're good.  Screw off DQ, I'm going to fancy McDonald's from now on!
4	Drive-thru is always fast.I don't like going inside, though. Inside has a very different atmosphere. The staff there seems less interested in customer service. But the drive thru team is stellar.
4	They know what they are doing at this restaurant. Occasional mistakes but I freakin love McDonald's.
3	Drive through is pretty fast. I came with my friends, just wanting a few sodas. Drove up, ordered 2 diet pepsis and an unsweetened ice tea with extra ice. They didn't repeat the order, so I was kinda unsure if they got my order right. Sure enough, they gave me a sweetened tea (lacking ice). Of course I didn't notice until we had left the area so, there was no point in going back. Kinda disappointed that they can't get an order of 3 soft drinks correct.
1	Horrible service. How you can possibly mess up a biscuit, two oatmeal, and coffee is beyond me. On top of that I waited 10 minutes for them to give me oatmeal still not done, nothing I asked for and a coffee that I asked for cream and Splenda that had none of either. This is pretty simple stuff and they still messed up and took forever to do it. I will not be returning here.
