5	Come for the video poker, stay for the food!  Located a few blocks north of the infamous Strip (and walking distance from the Fremont Experience), Courthouse Bar & Grill is the place to be for Vegas fun with a neighborhood feeling.  Spinning four of a kind wins you a free lunch!  Be sure to try the Courthouse Hot Turkey Sandwich, if you get the chance.  You won't be sorry.  Daily happy hour specials include Wednesday Ladies Night (my fave) where drinks are half off.
5	Fun Atmosphere, Entertaining Location - Great Food & DrinkThe murals in this place are hilarious.  It's right across from a real courthouse in downtown Vegas, so they have a mural of a food fight inside a courtroom. It's fun to sit outside and people watch while having a beer.  There's always great people watching in Vegas, especially across from a courthouse. The food is really good and they have a full bar and video poker.  Good place. Good eating and atmosphere. http://www.thecourthousebar.com/
3	A convenient place for lunch right across from the Regional Justice Center.  The service is very quick if you need to get in and out for lunch.  But the food is just ok.  The baked potato soup was pretty good but the southern fried chicken salad was pretty blah.  Just iceberg lettuce, some onions and bell peppers, and overcooked fried chicken strips with ranch dressing.  I've had the Santa Fe chicken wrap here as well, and it's just ok.  Nothing special.   I got the $10 for $25 groupon for here and it's a bit confusing.  It says on the groupon that you need to buy at least one food item.  I thought that meant that you couldn't just use it for alcohol.  But you actually need to give them cash for one food item and then you can apply the groupon to the rest.  Kinda cheesy and confusing.  It's not as good of a deal that way.  So if you have the groupon, make sure to buy one food item that is really cheap, like a cup of soup, and that will be the food item you need to buy.Also, they only take payment up front at the register.  The servers usually leave the check and assume you know.
1	Never again.  James, the owner's son is a complete ass and knows nothing about customer service.  I work in the vicinity and you would think with Capriotti's newly opened they would be trying to keep customers not lose them.  I was behind a coworker and ordered the same thing she did.  Mine was .50 more.  Not a big deal money wise but when I say I ask for the same extra sauce when I order in and they don't charge why is take out different.  He actually argues about it instead of saying something like, "Well, they are supposed to charge.  This one is on me but going forward there is a charge for the additional sauce."  That I could have accepted.  Instead he must have said, "They are supposed to charge," like five times.  The kicker is when the coworkers exact order comes out which I know she was charged less for he ask her for the additional .50 because I am standing there, and I guess he wants to look like he charges everyone for extra sauce when he obviously doesn't.  At this point he's made himself look like such an ass that the other friendly women behind the counter tells her she will cover the .50 for her.And the best part is it wasn't even the correct sauce.  I will never go to this establishment again.  There may not be a ton of downtown choices but there is enough to avoid this place.
4	I stumbled upon  the Courthouse Bar & Grill recently and it was a pleasant surprise. Family-run with a nice laidback atmosphere, I enjoyed the Southern Fried Chicken salad and baked potato soup, both of which were very tasty. The service was good and it ended up being a positive experience. So much so that me and a couple of my gals came back for Ladies Night which happens every Wednesday where Ladies Drinks area half off. Talk about a deal!I don't much like going to court but the Courthouse...now that's a different story. Definitely a fan of this place.
5	Had a great lunch here when i was visiting the neighborhood on a work assignment! Gotta try the French Dip (with fries, duh) and some chicken wings!  Service was very friendly; and thorough. Work has me coming to this area every month now for a couple days, so i'm highly looking forward to some more french dips in my future! ROCK ON CB&G!!!
4	Staple of the legal community next to the RJC.  Good eats, super fast service, staff who know you...the food isn't fantastic or super healthy, but good for small or large groups.  I do look around before I start talking about a case to make sure the judge I am in front of is not there, or their staff.  How can you not love it when they give you a to go cup when you leave?Someone else used a groupon and had an issue.  I did not have a problem with it.  I, of course, brought the groupon because we go there so often.  As a big baller, I bought my law clerks lunch.If you pay by credit card, you can pay at your table.  If you need to pay by cash, you need to go up front.  Also, they are great about dividing up check for table.  (We go there with between 2 to 9 people depending.)
4	Order the Diet Plate for a quick healthy meal while doing your civic duty. Chicken breast, cottage cheese, hard boiled egg & tomatoes.   You know you don't have many quick healthy food options when you're yapping about the "Diet Plate"
3	So I eat here about once a week (and that is mostly due to its close proximity to my office). I have become a regular and love that the staff knows my order as soon as I sit down. The food is nothing spectacular but it is a great people watching spot. It is usually full of Court staff, attorneys, a few random jurors and lots of Marshalls. The owner is very nice. And this is a get you in and out in less than an hour joint (even when they are super packed). The staff works hard during the lunch rush and I appreciate that. There is a different daily special every day. I keep coming back for the friendly service and because I can walk there from my office.
4	We were in town picking up our wedding license and stumbled in here for breakfast. Walking in the place i noticed it was a dive and run down but that does not matter. I am taking a star away because the service was horrible. I am not here to write about the service. We had the $4.99 breakfast special which is just pancakes, eggs, and choice of bacon or sausage. The food was amazing. It was cooked fresh to order and the price was great! I would recommend this place for a quick and inexpensive breakfast.
5	Great lunch specials, and friendly service. I'll be back next chance I get!
4	Courthouse Bar & Grill is a decent place to get a sandwich at lunch (3 stars) with an extra star added in for good customer service and relaxed atmosphere.Around lunchtime, you'll find this place packed.  It seems to be the center of the Las Vegas legal universe around noon.  The menu is fairly standard for a lunch place (burgers, sandwiches, salads, wraps).  The food is decent, but not remarkable.  Burgers are made with frozen patties, but the fries are tasty.  The wraps are fresh and worth a try.  There's a few fried options--try the chicken fingers (which are delicious, but most chicken fingers are).  Bottom line: Courthouse Bar & Grill is a decent place to get a meal if you're downtown and don't want to drive somewhere.  If you order a sandwich, know that it'll be good enough.As the workday ends, this place is a nice, relaxed space to grab a few beers.  It's a good, quiet place to ramp down after work.Bottom line: the food isn't worth writing home about, but the atmosphere's laid back and the staff is super friendly.  4 stars overall.
1	Would give less than one star if it was an option. When we walked into this location it was mostly empty except for about 3 customers at the bar.  We entered with a disabled guest who had an assistance animal as well as a wedding party after a wedding at the courthouse. Before we could even walk past the front door a man who claimed to be the owner who was sitting at a video poker machine reeking of booze shouted at us to leave.  When we asked why he belligerently went off about the dog not being allowed because he served food.  The disabled guest tried to explain that it was a service animal, the "owner" said he didn't care and we needed to leave.  The argument went on for a few minutes longer before we stepped outside to find a cop to find out if this guy was really the owner as he was belligerent.  The cop we spoke with said that the owner was known for being a 'jerk'(worse word was used) and said we were better not going there anyways.  As we walked off we ran into an employee of the location who said that the food sucked and that's why the place was empty in the first place.
4	As the name indicates, it's near the Courthouse.  The cool thing is that the food is great.  They offer specials, salads, and sandwiches... all very good.
4	Their wraps are pretty good. Menu is small, but almost everything on it is good.  Located right next to the courthouse (as the name suggests) so it's very convenient for those that work there.  Staff is friendly and polite.
2	Oh Courthouse, you have your good days and you have your bad days...today is a bad bad day.  I work in the area and I can tell you my choices are limited.  I ordered a chef salad to go, went and picked it up and went back to work.  My lettuce was old, and when I say old, most was brown and slimy.  I had to pick most off, and being hungry I still tried to eat the rest, big mistake.  You have to love some mild food poisoning on a Monday afternoon.  I say its buyer beware at this place.  Next time I am checking my to go orders, but sadly I will be back, because we have nearly no choices in downtown dining.
4	A buddy of mine told us about this place a couple of blocks away from our offices downtown.  I'm always looking  for a  new place to Yelp and thought this was the perfect opportunity to take!  In fact, in the past week, I've been there twice!This place is located on 3rd and Bridger in the Downtown area.  Pretty standard, pub looking curb appeal, nothing special.  There's a cup of coffee sign and red awnings on the outside, a couple of tables for outside seating.  When you get into the location, you'll see the bar on the left and to the right, you'll see a restaurant for ample seating.  At first sight, it's pretty dingy.  The carpet looks pretty old, the walls are huge montage pictures of people and the table tops and chairs are light brown.  The service is quite the opposite.  Ying, our server is AH-MAZE-ING.  She is so attentive, sweet and personable.  I was amazed to find out that she actually remembered our drink and food order the second time around.  Such an amazing server, makes you feel like you're at home.  Speaking of food order, I got the same dish both visits:  The chicken fingers for $6.50.  You get three battered and fried chicken strips and a huge scoop of thick cut fries.  I usually get the mild hot sauce on the side as well as some ranch.  The food comes out within 5 minutes, so I know they don't make it fresh.  The fries are usually stale.  Little crispy but overall, stale.  The chicken, although pre-made, is super good!  The chicken is juicy and the batter is crispy.  Always a favorite!The added saying, "don't judge a book by it's cover" is something I would say to someone who is curious in visiting.  The service and food is great and kept me coming back.  This area downtown seems filled with a lot of people and makes you feel like you're in an actual city!  Come by and check them out yourself :)
3	Love the wraps but opt for the chips, which are homemade, instead of fries.  They taste like they have been sitting out too long even when they are freshly fried.  Sweet potato fries are good too.  Very nice staff and great service even when it is busy.
3	Decent food and the usual waitresses are busy but attentive.  The salads are good but be warned they usually take just as long, if not longer, than other food to come out to your table.  Chicken strips are good and I hear the wraps are excellent.Other than that everything else is good but not great.  The potato soup is very good but don't order it too often as it is the soup-of-the-day about 90% of the time.A decent option when you are tired of to-go food in the downtown area or want something besides a sandwich.
2	Meh is right. Ive come here a few times now and have been overly disappointed every time. The bartender has no clue what shes doing and the food is horrifying. The only good thing I can say is, the ranch and fries are pretty decent. Ill be taking my business elsewhere from now on.
3	We stopped in for breakfast at the recommendation of someone who bragged on their speedy lunch service. Apparently not the same crew for the morning meals. The food was good but don't expect to get out of there in a hurry in the morning. Coffee was decent, prices were good, but the smoke from the bar area was over-powering! I'll try to give them another shot during lunch...
3	I used to frequent this place for lunch. The atmosphere is classic, with old school Vegas pictures on the wall and the life size murals with well known locals and others. It is a must see. I talked this place up to the Friday morning Breakfast Club based on previous visits. I had never been for breakfast, but had always gotten rock star service and great food for lunch. The service was slow for breakfast, but the staff was friendly and the food was good. I will visit again, but most likely for lunch.
3	Decent little place next to the courthouse.  Stopped by for breakfast before jury duty.  The $4.99 special comes with two eggs bacon or sausage hash browns and toast.  Everything was good, the sourdough bread came with a lot of butter on it so if rhat isnt your style you may want to get the butter on the side.  May also want to sit near the back if smoking bothers you as there is a bar adjacent to the dining area.
5	My lunch group loves to eat here.   This is where we celebrate every birthday.   Today's visit was above and beyond the regular awesome service we receive.   As soon as we say down we had our drinks.   Yes,  they remembered what we drink and brought all 5 of us or regular order.   Then our orders were quickly taken and filled.   It was mentioned that it was someone's birthday and at the end of our meal we were surprised by some ice cream with a candle.   All of us have summer birthdays so we'll be back soon.   I'm looking forward to it already.
1	Service is below par. Not because of the staff, but mostly because of the manager.  go there if you have to. but everytime there is anything that needs attention, management has no regard for repeat customers. what a shame. with all the new places popping up, this is the only establishment that has history and awful customer service is a definite reason to never eat here again. i have also heard of cockroaches in the dining area. no bueno.
1	I didn't know noodles were supposed to be chewy? If you want crappy food and the ambiance of lonely public defenders then this place is for you.
