5	A mtl institution, The very best pasta i've ever tasted, even compared to Babbo's in NYC... it shines in its simplicity.The dishes are rustic, the restaurant is old school, we come here to eat, they serve you with care and charm. If you love food you will have a wonderful time.The gnocchi, is absolutely a must have. it is tender and soft, slightly chewy like the texture of a fresh mozzarella ball. AND it remains soft and tender chewy even when cold!!! the texture remains the same, it's the only place that cold gnocchi remains soft... it is served in tomato pesto with basil. That's it!!! pinch of pepper parmesan and splash of olive oil, and voila. In my opinion this is best best gnocchi I've had...The ravioli, again the best i've ever had. it's not there every night, the menu changes every night, all it had was pumpkin in it and served with sage and olive oil. The texture was tough upon manipulation, it looked a bit too al dente, but when you bit into it, it was soft and gave quite easily, but the outside was just smooth looking. These ravioli were made with love, each unique in its uneven cuts...The risotto was also excellent, the rice grains were cooked through but not soggy, and yet just soft enough to absorb the sauce... again very simple white wine with some mushrooms but you smelled the mushroom throughout the dish, maybe they use mushroom broth...All the dishes are pretty straightforward, no overpowering ingredients, everything blends to perfection. There is something to be said for serving pastas almost bare, because it is so good it needs little else...update: now closed :(
4	Overpriced but REALLY good.  We are vegetarian so they got creative and made some great stuff. I just didn't like $8 for a bottle of water without being asked and generally having stuff ordered for us by telling us instead of asking us. But the food was awesome. Oh, the wine was way overpriced, too, but again was really good.
5	One of the best Italian meals I've ever had. Very pricey but worth the splurging. We let the chef chose our apps and dessert. We weren't disappointed. Save your allowance though. The bill was high. A meal I will remember though.
