4	Eat at Bob's.  A new diner from this small group of diners has opened in USC.  Nice and new and clean.  Our waitress was new and being trained or assisted by a veteran.  The service and food was good.   Tried the Dad's favorite.  Two eggs over easy cooked perfectly, bacon that was over cooked, sausage, a very large pancake that was good that had a sweet syrup, and some Mancini's raisin bread.  Did not leave hungry!
2	The parking lot is a mess for starters.  We had to wait for a seat but that's expected on a Sunday morning.  We were then seated at a table in the very back directly across from the bathrooms...appetizing!  In all fairness she asked if that was ok but we were hungry and had our infant with us so we said ok- the point here is that there shouldn't be a table there to begin with! Took 10 min to get greeted and 20 min for our food.  Although busy, the allure of a diner is the quick service and cheap prices- which were NOT cheap!  It was nearly $9 for an omelet with any cheese and 2 choices of veggies or meat.  Each additional option was 50 cents.  If you wanted a western it was nearly $10! I think this is a lot compare to other diners like Toms in dormont.  After waiting for what felt like forever, the food was really good.  The turkey sausage was really salty though and they only gave a tiny cup of syrup for the pancake, which was luke warm.  We might try this one more time but not for a while.  Let them work out the kinks!
1	ok, so its new and curiousity killed the cat.  Well in a nutshell this is as mediocre as it gets.  Low rent restaurant serving low rent food.  Bleeeaach!!How did this place even get zoning approval with parking for 12 cars and the spaces were designed for Mini-Coopers.  What a mess.For those of you familiar with the old Skidgys in Mt Lebanon which deservedly went out of business years ago, this is nothing more than a reincarnation only worse.  Eat'n Park would be a 4 star restaurant compared to this place, and I despise Eat'n Park, yuk! Portions are horrid, quality and service is below average, metal shavings and green pepper in the coleslaw, food is oily and greasy, 3 green beans a side dish does not make and the beans were raw-hardly cooked, even the rotating dessert case was completely unappetizing, basically I have nothing positive to offer or comment about this place.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.
2	Parking is narrow, as another yelper previously wrote. The raisin French Toast was awesome according toMy daughter. My omelette consisted of burnt eggs. The coffee was warm, not hot. My husband gets the breakfast sandwich with ham, always, and the ham was like lunch meat, not the thick ham served at the Carnegie location. The inside is nice and new, but the food is much less to be desired. We will be going back to the Carnegie location from now on.
5	Very homey atmosphere with home cooking. Generous portions and the staff was friendly and efficient. We had breakfast which was awesome. Going to try it for lunch and dinner too. Fun small town feel. I love this place!
