1	This is for the Maid Brigade office listed here that serves the Henderson area.Last week I had Maid Brigade come do an initial cleaning with the intention of setting it up regularly.After the experience, I do not think I'll be using them again. On the phone I was told all about their service, team and fact that they use all their own green cleaning products.  While my house was definitely clean when they left, there were some things I've never had happen with other services:1. They rearranged my bathrooms, "putting away" items. I actually had to call the office to find a box of jewelry and books after searching high and low.2. They definitely used my cleaning products.  Used up all of one bottle.3. They broke the wand off my kitchen blinds and didn't say anything.4. They threw hand towels on the floor while cleaning (I saw them on the floor) and then hung them up with clean towels- even though one was obviously very dirty (other towels they threw in trash bags and put in the laundry room).For the prices they charge-- very high- I was expecting excellent quality all the way around. When I called to voice my concerns and ask for help finding books and jewelry, the woman in the office was very nice, as was the owner when he called me, but there was no mention of fixing my blinds or any other issue I encountered. Just information on where to find my jewelry, the explanation the team was trying to impress me and the hope I'd use them again.Again- the actual cleaning job was good (4 stars), but everything else added up to a very negative experience (into negative stars). I have to say, I'm quite disappointed and would be hard pressed to recommend the services of Maid Brigade in the Henderson area.
2	1st Visit, did OK job but left early and charged me 30% more then the advertised price.2nd Visit, sloppy job, left early3rd Visit (shame on me!) hardly did a thing, left extra early.Worst of all, they did not reply to either of my emails.
2	Let's start out by saying the 2 stars are because I give the lady who books the appointments 5, she does a great job, however the cleaning staff is TERRIBLE! My cleaning lady sadly moved away so I tried out this company.  The only reason I called again is the initial ladies they sent out were WONDERFUL.  After that is was all down hill.  on more than one occasion  I left the condo because I figured they would clean better without me in the way, wrong.  I didn't capture how they left all my garbage cans in the kitchen "forgot" to vacuum and locked me out when I asked them not to ever touch my locks! Anyways the pics above (Popsicle stick on marble floor, dirty tub and coffee table) were the last straw!!!!!! What did I pay $150 for again???? Not to mention it's and 1100 sq ft condo and they weren't even asked to clean the whole thing!!'
