4	Surprisingly, amidst the hyperbole of Vegas glitz and glamor, this grungy little punk saloon has a sort of quiet existence mere blocks from the Hard Rock.  It's pretty nondescript, except between bands you will see a flock of punk kids getting fresh air outside.  The venue itself is not that big, with a small stage, a U shaped bar, and some tables.  On weekends, there's usually a bill of about four or five bands that play punk, garage, or surf.  The drinks are pretty cheap and strong.  They have some scary sounding drink specials--when we were there, one of the specials was "ass juice."  Classy!  If you're from a land of non-smoking bars, bring a gas mask and your asthma medication.  The ventillation is poor and it gets super extra smoky when the joint is packed.
4	The Double Down Saloon is the antidote to S. Las Vegas Blvd., and an anecdote for visitors to Las Vegas.  It's tiny, poorly ventilated, shamelessly smoke-filled, divey to the extreme, and packed with some of the nicest characters around.  Everyone, even the Marilyn Manson lookalike swaying at the Jukebox to the beat of The Butthole Surfers, wants to strike up a conversation with you (and, I swear, in the least sleazy way possible).  The drinks are strong (Think:  Mixers are a misnomer here.  They are actually more like 'Splashers') and the crowd only looks potentially unfriendly.  I've managed to stumble into this place twice now (on two separate visits to Vegas) and have managed to leave after sunrise (so bring your shades) with some pretty good stories.
5	This is the place where to locals go to get wasted.  You will meet plenty of off-duty strippers and down-to-earth vegas types here.  People ready to have fun without the pressure of the strip.
5	i make a point of checking in here at least once everytime i go to this twisted-ass town. it's sort of a grounding spot. a regular bar, albeit open 24 hours and massively smoke filled, which is odd for us socal natives. good strong drinks, decent prices, unpretentious crowd, kill jukebox, pool, and decent punk bands with free entry. seems to me the fuckers who hang here are straight cool vegas. i think my bud from the day rick honaker (who supposedly died of a complicated tooth infection almost a year back) used to book bands here. at least he played in a band or two here, because i saw a picture of him with some silly ass sideburns playing here. motherfucker used to be my roadie. a great kid he was... anyway.CHECK IT.
4	The house drink at the Double Down is "Ass Juice".Ass Juice is a two experience experience.  1) Drinking it:  Looks kinda dark and has a rather different flavor.  Maybe this is what ass is supposed to taste like, maybe not.  To me, it tastes like Jagermeister, Prune Juice, and Vicks Formula 44.  2) Being it.  After a few AJ's, you may start wondering if you're acting like an ass.  The next morning, you may start being convinced that you were acting like an ass.  The convincing may come from your own recollection, but it may come from the recollection of others.The Double Down is a stone's throw or two from the Hard Rock.  It is in a strip mall, which is pretty typical for a lot of non casino attractions in LV.  It features black walls that are graffitied, a collection of bras hanging from the ceiling, and what I like to refer to as "pea soup smoke".  It is fucking thick in there.  As for the non alcoholic entertainment, they have two pool tables and a  great jukebox that is long on the Black Flag, Dead Kennedy's, etc.  The Double Down is an excellent "palette cleanser" between courses of Chihuly glass, water shows, over priced dinners, $10  blackjack, and $14 Martinis.
5	I have never been so confused as the morning I woke up in a Double Down Tshirt after going out to dinner at the Wynn.  Last thing I remember was say .. "Sure, I'll try some ass juice..."
5	A clumsily hand lettered missive on the front of the building that houses the Double Down Saloon declares it the Happiest Place on Earth.  The folks at that one theme park may take umbrage to that statement, but anyone who's ever spent a night pouring Ass Juice down their gaping maw won't hesitate to agree.  A night at the Double Down always has the potential to be the best night you'll never remember you had.Nestled away in the Fruit Loop, across from UNLV and next to various car rental lots, the Double Down looks a little bit like a place you might not want to go to, unless places you might not want to go to are your thing.  Murals by local artists slither up the walls which are liberally papered with stickers touting local and touring punk, psychobilly, and genre transcending bands.  When the live acts aren't playing (almost every night of the week, and never a cover), the inimitable juke spews forth classics that get the entire bar singing (not that that should always be the case.  We all know the words to London Calling, we don't all need to sing them), along with tunes you've never heard that turn your ear on its edge.Despite the bar's national recognition, the vibe is still uniquely local.  Owner Moss strives to maintain a neighborhood bar atmosphere despite widespread popularity.  The bartenders are the nicest jerks you'll ever meet and will remember your name and what you like to drink as long as you're not a douche.  If you ARE a douche, they'll kick you out and doubly remember your name and what your face looked like before they made the bouncer maul it.  (Oh, c'mon kids, that was a joke.  I've never actually seen anyone's face mauled by anything other than a girl's mouth at 5 AM after too many Long Island Iced Teas.)I spent the year after I left my ex-husband for throwing a processed meat stick at my head (true story!) sowing my wild oats at this place.  Oh, and well sewn they were!  Whether it was a quiet afternoon drink or twelve with a girlfriend and my favorite bartender or a Saturday-night-merging-into-Sunday-morning mania with a girlfriend and her girlfriend and a few boyfriends on the side, the Down never ceased to give me a good time.Weekend nights can be prohibitively crowded if you're not too keen on bumping an amalgam of subculture hinies, and during conventions a few groups of people in ties and lanyards always make it down and end up throwing a few back to the chant of, "What happen in Vegas...." you know the rest.  If you're not keen on the crowds, I say dip into the cess pool that is the Down during Happy Hour, which is my favorite time to hit the old stomping grounds.  Scott the bartender's Chili Sundays are classic (these aren't announced, you just have to be in the loop), and don't forget to bring something with you to write something derogatory about your ex on the bathroom wall, or to defend your own honor if need be.  After a few nights at the Double Down, you just may need to.
3	This was our first drinking stop on our last Vegas trip. It was a little quiet when we were there around 5pm but its looks like it has great potential. Ass Juice is the house mystery shot and for the over indulgent there is puke insurance.
5	I'm an Ex-Pat New Yorker who likes all things sub cultural. I spent a good portion of my teenage years at clubs like CBGBs. (R.I.P.) The Double Down gives me that warm fuzzy familiar feeling. Basically the Double Down is Las Vegas' answer to CBGBs.  This is the real deal it's where you wanna go for shows (Rockabilly, Punk Rock, Hardcore, etc.) bring your friends from out of town that think the strip is all that Vegas has to offer. Get 'em a shot of Ass Juice. Enjoy the oddball videos playing on the TVs and the kickass jukebox.
4	every time i go to vegas i inevitably end up at this bar. it is def not like going to the strip (and is not located on it), but more like your neighborhood dive.two things: shots of ass juice ($3 each or 3 for $15! ha ha) and bacon martinis. priceless....from what i recall, which i usually end up there at about 4 a.m. so don't hold me to it, there's at least one pool table and a great juke box. i like this bar when i'm sick of the disneyland over the top-ness of the strip.
4	Ok, this review is to accompany my cousin's review b/c I don't really remember much about how we ended up there or what took place while we were there.  But I know. . .~ we were there for several hours (guessing 3am to 6am?)~ we met various eclectic individuals (strippers, dealers, and i'm pretty sure at least one pimp)~ we left to go to another bar so i could use the bathroom (fair warning ladies!)~ we came back around 7am b/c we wanted just one more at the dd ~ we did not touch the ass juice (thank god!)Overall, it was a lovely Sunday morning at the Double Down.  Although, next time I'm going to be brave and try the ass juice!
5	This TRULY is, as the sign outside reads, "The Happiest Place on Earth".  Every time my girlfriend and I go to Las Vegas now, we strategically stay at the Hard Rock Hotel so that we can more easily walk to (and most importantly walk FROM) the Double Down.What more could you ever want or need from a bar?  You can drink AND smoke at the same time (coming from California, that never fails to impress & amaze me), friendly, attentive bartenders that rarely let your drink run dry, incredible jukebox, live bands and gambling!!!OH YEAH... I nearly forgot the ASS JUICE!!!  As many others have mentioned, their signature drink is not without it's charm.  I was told by one of the bartenders that it is made at the beginning of each day by the day-shift bartender & that it's never the same drink twice.  Having said that, of the 10+ times I've ordered AJ, it is almost always either deep purple or cloudy brown in color and surprisingly sweet.  You have to try it once just to say that you drank ass juice & get a reaction out of your friends.I'm really understating how great a place this actually is.  Such an eclectic mix of people gather here.  Punks, businessmen, creeps, fonzies, hobos, whores and those who love them, can ALL be found whooping it up 24/7 at the Double Down!  I love how it's located in what the locals affectionately call "the fruit loop"... a winding road populated with mainly gay, lesbian & transgender bars and clubs.  How much more punkrock can you get than THAT?!?!
5	My wife and I took a cab here after eating a pig out, drink out barbecue dinner at ellis Island casino(our dinner companions were the Duke and Duchess of Windsor).  I was drunk on arrival and ordered an assjuice and a brew.  It was early and empty but I already loved the place to death and got that wild look in my eye that my wife knew meant "get him out now before it's too late" The band was coming in and setting up and riffing power chords as the Ass Juice soaked into my cerebral cortex. I surrendered meekly when my wife agreed to take me to the Hofbrau house down the street.  I do believe that this bar rocks, next time I wil sink my fangs into it.
4	2 words - Bacon Martini
4	The low-brow art in this place is fabulous. Worth it just to check out the enormous (metal) creepy-crawlies!And they've got Schlitz (not Schlitz Malt Liquor, mind you)  IN A CAN! Yeah, baby!As a veggie, I didn't try the famed Bacon Martini , although one of the carnivores I was with did. He found it oddly soothing.  The bartender serving it said, "My only recommendation is, If you don't like it, drink it fast."  The also have a DJ night where, "if you don't like what we play, we'll smash it."Had a hard time getting a cab back from here.
4	Pretty much Rules!
4	Super smokey in the back.... so if you're there for a band and rather not be smoked out... stand in the front! It's roomy and you can breathe!Otherwise drink up and get down. This is a great divey bar with good prices on the booze and lots of eye candy. It reminds me of many other rock n' roll bars with cement floors and lots of graffiti. I particularly liked the giant metal cockroach hung on the ceiling.I was there to get my Ruckusfest 2007 bobblehead and hung out for a couple of sets. The smoke was too much for me though and I had to get out. Luckily there's a great lil' wall you can sit on just outside the entrance and regain your breath to go back in for more. I'm just an old ex-recreational smoker who can't hack it anymore.
5	After spending the better part of the day in the wave pool at Mandalay Bay, my four friends and I retired to our suite at THEhotel. While waiting my turn for the shower, I decided to splurge the $12.99 for internet access, figuring I'd browse some unorthodox Vegas spots we could check out. A little something to break the monotony of expensive martinis and tony decor. Within these parameters, it took roughly twelve seconds to discover the Double Down.Our night did not begin at Double Down, nor did it end there, but it was a pretty memorable, though sadly short stop somewhere in between. Our first bit of local info regarding the Double Down came from the cabby who drove us from MB to the Mirage. I asked him if he'd heard of it and his response was, "Oh, that's that place over in the fruit loop district." This was not something my friends particularly wanted to hear and I knew I'd have to do a little convincing to get them there.Right prior to DD, we popped into the Hard Rock for what was supposed to be a quick trip, but we ended up getting hot on the table games and stuck around for a couple hours. This worked out in my favor as it was a lot easier to talk them into the short trek down to DD once we were all blistered on booze and buzzing from adderall.The guy at the taxi stand told us how to get there and we took our trek down the way, realizing quickly what the earlier cabby meant by "fruit loop district". Far from disturbing, it was incredibly interesting and reminded me of home. There was a slight sleazy quality to it, but hey, this is Vegas!The only odd part of the DD occurred when we walked up to the door. Unlike pretty much every single other place we'd been, we weren't allowed to bring our drinks inside. Not a huge deal, but still worth noting. Three of my friends made it inside before a Camel rep offered us free cigs for a swipe of our IDs. This was, of course, a no brainer. The Camel rep and the burly, bearded doorman talked about how Johnny Knoxville had been by earlier that week, which was interesting, despite the fact I'm far from the windowlicking type.Inside, the decor was nearly blissful. Just my kind of place and a remarkable antidote to the super managed, downright clinical clean of the majority of bars on the strip. Admittedly, I was pretty out of it by this point, but everything was very dark and probably about ten years overdue for a good, solid wipe down. Clearly, this is my kind of joint. The crowd was fairly minimal and we must have missed the bands or shown up between sets. That said, there was definitely a fun vibe to the room and I easily could have hung out for awhile.My friends had already procured a beer for me when I noticed the sign for Ass Juice up on the wall, reminding me of one of my reasons for showing up. I promptly requested five of them. As I was leaning over the bar, waiting for their arrival, I asked the very cute girl to my left what the deal with Ass Juice was. She told me about one particular night where she had a few of them and blacked out. This was possibly the greatest advertisement I'd ever heard for a particular beverage. She then asked me if I knew WHAT Ass Juice was. I said no, so she elaborated. Apparently, they take the dregs of nearly empty bottles at the end of the week and pour 'em all out into a massive cooler. This cornucopia of hard booze gets mixed with a variety of juices, which then gets chilled and served on the cheap.I decided not to share this particular information with my friends behind me, less they chicken out. Our bright red Ass Juices arrived in little plastic cups like you see at the dentist's office. I passed them around and we shot them back. Given what I knew about the origin of what I'd just drank, it was a surprisingly tasty shot. Not even remotely strong, at least in taste, and given how much I'd been at it all night, it all just mixed back in with the rest of the swill in my belly. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking to brag to others that they've drunk something called Ass Juice. And who wouldn't want to brag about something like that?Alas, my friends wanted to make for slightly more homogenized environs shortly thereafter. I complied with this request as they'd been gracious enough to brave the sugary cereal hoops district. But I do look back with longing on this short visit and can't wait for my next trip to Vegas so I can spend some more time taking in this spot, easily one of my new favorites in Las Vegas.
5	Top 10 reasons why I love the Double Down Saloon:10. The first time my man's band played the Double Down, security told them just before they go on stage "If a fight breaks out, keep playing.  I'll take care of it."9. I once waited in line for the bathroom about 20 minutes, banging and kicking the door (it's a 1 per bathroom), and 5 or 6 people finally come out squinting and stumbling.  One of the guys told me "relax, dude".8. I met Diablo at the Double Down.  Yes, the devil.  He has great hair.7. The bands play until 6 am, which means when the show's over, the sun's out.  So you just kinda have to stay there, cuz who wants to be outside when the sun is out.6. I go there maybe 3 times a year, and the bartender always remembers me.  So flattering.5. The pool tables are multi-functional.  You can shoot billiards, dance, or sleep on them.4. Animated porn.3. Always free to get in.2. The Bacon Martini.  They soak a strip of bacon in vodka for something like a month, and serve it as a martini.  It's really gross.  You gotta try it.And the #1 reason why I love the Double Down Saloon...I can go there without showering, no makeup, smelling like Vegas funk, and STILL get hit on.
4	You really have to see it to believe it.  The Double Down Saloon delivered and then some. It's definitely a must do when you need to de-tox from all the luxury douchebag overpriced ultra lounges and clubs of the Strip.  Not quite my favorite Las Vegas dive -- that honor would go to Ellis Island -- but still an admirable dump nevertheless.I trust Bonnie G and Lauren V (Phoenix Yelpers) taste in places as if it's my own, so I dragged two of my friends from the Venetian after a few raspberry vodka red bulls in our suite.  One of the friends is kind of stuck up, so I knew we wouldn't stay long since it is the ultimate dive of dives.  But I knew it was still worth a drink or two. Little did I know that it's location in the "Fruit Loop" gay bar district of Las Vegas revealed that I had in fact, passed by this fine establishment a dozen or so times.  The feel here is decidedly more raucous rock bar than indie bar  and the crowd was more rough around the edges than I had thought. But we (3 obviously gay men) didn't feel as awkward there as you would think. 3 ass juices (which tastes like a red headed slut, btw) and 3 Schlitz's later we were soaking up the scene.  A band was wrapping up it show and movin out as we marveled at the Ass Juice, bacon martinis and vomit insurance.  If only every city had a Double Down and accompanying self-deprecating bar culture, the world would be a better place.And then it was off to the rest of the bars in the Fruit Loop.
4	Its dirty, in a good way....Maybe you've had a girlfriend (or boyfriend) that you'd describe the same way? If you have, you'll prolly like this place.I hate Vegas, for the record. However, after one visit, I love the Double Down. I happened to see Anthony Bourdain's visit on the Food Channel and made a mental note - if he likes it, chances are I will too....and I did. Its the antidote for Las Vegas bollocks.Say it with me, "I'll have an assjuice and a schlitz, please."
5	If you're into dives like I am, you'll love this place. Near the airport and in a strip mall, this place reeks of dive. It's low key, but every now and then cute women will walk in and talk to you. This is well worth the trip if you're in LV.
5	I moved to Las Vegas in 1998. I had read about the Double Down from some book I bought before moving there. I was 22 years old. I really just was excited to move out West! So, fast forward to a few months later. I had just gone to McCarran (sp? been a long time!) to get a ticket to San Diego, had to hit up the Hard Rock for a concert ticket, and decided to finally see what the noise was about. Well, I got to experience the joys of midget porn. Yes, I am alive to talk about it. It was a slow night, and I sat at the bar, and distinctly remember two TVs on. One had Sportscenter or whatever on. So I look to catch up on the world of sports. I turn my head, and there's midget porn. It was one of the most surreal moments of my life. If you had done drugs heavily? That's what it would be like.Well, over the course of a few years (left in 2002), I would go there and see random blues bands, hang with friends, and overall just have the best time of my life. It was the best bar in Boston to just chill and hang and not care about how you looked. I grew to hate Las Vegas being involved in nightclubs to a degree, and this was the antithesis of what I saw night in, night out. So here's the deal. Do yourself a favor and go here.
5	The Happiest Place On Earth!Best punk bar in Vegas!I loves me the Double Down. Reminds me of the old Comet Tavern in Seattle (maybe a mix between ages compared to this), or Zeitgeist in SF (smaller than that, no amazing burgers), only a lot, lot dirtier. As punk rock bars goes, this one has it all. A great jukebox with real punk on it, graffitied walls, dirty bathrooms, regular men and women (you know, with ink and piercings, etc), friendly atmosphere, gambling, cocktails, and sometimes a band or two. I meet the friendliest people here: tourists and locals. On this trip I was proud to purchase an "I Love Double Down Pussy" t-shirt, which I can now proudly wear in cities where people will have no idea what the fuck it means (I'll try to post a pic when I can). There's a great metal sculpture over the bar (centipede) and a metal cockroach sculpture on the wall near the men's room. Pool, video poker and slots at the bar, and a small stage for bands.I never miss the DD when in Vegas and you shouldn't either.
5	I lived in Vegas for 2 years and this place was by far my most frequented bar. I fell in love with the local "punk" bands I saw there and even more with the cheap drinks. The bathroom door never locks and thus many a drunk girls (and possibly guys) have witnessed me peeing. The bathroom walls, however, do provide excellent reading material. Their jukebox is has the best selection around (once I was there on a slow night with a friend and "Rape Me" covered by Richard Cheese came on and we could not stop laughing). Anime, midget porn, insane cartoons and old Blink-182 and AFI videos play on the tv while you enjoy a shot of ass juice or your bacon martini.A total punk rock dive bar, this is seriously the only place I miss in Vegas. And if you get really drunk, go see Rick or Angie across the street at Ironhorse tattoo to give you a proper "I got drunk in Vegas and got a tattoo on my ass" tattoo. Now that's punk rock.
4	While visiting a friend in Vegas, we saw the Travel Channel Anthony Bourdain episode where he visits this bar and drinks some Ass Juice.  My buddy said he had to take me there (he'd been many times) and I just kind of said, "uhhuh".  Well, on my theoretical last night in Vegas, he did take me there, and I had an Ass Juice and some Shiner Bock (so I wouldn't get homesick).  The Ass Juice was a bit fruity, I'll leave that to your imagination, but the bar was like many punk bars I've been to and felt like home, so they get 4 stars.
5	The anti-Vegas.Plain and simple the best dive bar ever.What makes it so great is that its in Vegas and its the dirtiest, dankest, hole in the wall there is. A house drink called ass juice, which I am sure is watered down robitussin, with vodka added.$2 NewcastlesWorlds best jukeboxAsteroids arcade gameOne time three lovely ladies decided they wanted to show me their tatas, and what lovely tatas they were!And yes Jen L.; Bourdain was there, thats a deal seal.Every time a cabbie drops me off I hear the same thing "Good luck", that's classic!Very important, from what I have noticed of DD, the motto is drink all you want, have as much fun as you want, however, the second your an asshole your out and out quick. As well it should be.
5	The night I went to DDS there was this awful, whining, emo Dashboard Confessional wanna-be band there.  So... since it was a warm night, we were outside most of the time waiting for our friends.  We'd go inside occasionally for shots, or some other form of liquor.  This was about 6 months before I'd meet some other Vegas residents that were about 20x cooler, and would never ditch us two girls in the middle of a town we weren't familiar with.  But that's a story for another time... DDS is dirty.  Not in a Scolari's Office kind of way, either... but really deep grit.  My assumption is that it's always so full they can never really take a sponge, broom, or mop to anything (when really what's needed is a pressure-wash head to toe.)  The walls were covered in artwork: drawings, some lovely skilled grafitti, some not so great penned on grafitti, and some just plain rude phrases.  The people were generally pretty cordial to us (I won't kid myself that it wasn't obvious we were vacationers.)  As soon as the sniffly bitchy boy bands were done, I loved it there.  What I did not love, however, was even the name Ass Juice, much less the drink itself.  It wasn't bile-inducing, seeing as I was already drunk, but it wasn't even close to "good."  I don't know what's in that stuff, but you've been warned.
4	The Best Dark Dirty Sexy Punk BAR in Vegas! I used 2 live in Vegas and I am glad that I got 2 enjoy soooo many great Bands here. This is a small venue and a nice break from the Normal Vegas. Its in what locals call the Fruit loop (like 4 gay bars) all next to this dirty bar. So please do not be a Hateful person. Yes, this bar is a required stop for all you old school and Punk rock kids.
5	The Double Down fucking RULES.i always go when i'm in vegas.i always see someone i know.i always drink ass juice whether i like it or not...or leprechaun piss.the juke box doesn't have a bad song on it and i've walked around this bar in only fishnets and a g-string and no one bats an eye...except for the black tranny i ended up hanging out with all night.
5	If you don't like PBR, shots of jameson, and Bad Brains you're only going to enjoy it for the kitch value.  If you do you will soon realize Melo is the best bartender in the world.Reminds me of everything I miss about Detroit.
5	Ass Juice. You kind of have to have it at least once. It's like a strange bar rite of passage. Even Anthony Bourdain tried it.I spent some time working in Vegas, and the Double Down was walking distance (read: big trouble) from our digs. Our group was here almost every night, and had a killer time.Not typical Vegas, which makes it kick ass. A dive bar at it's best.Good music, good beer, pool table, and a rowdy crowd. What's not to like?
5	Bacon. Martini.No, seriously. It exists.Go here if you're a) a real human and not composed of plastic parts, b) an alien, c) a poor-ass mo-fo river guide just off of a Canyon trip who just wants a cold beer, or d) have any sense of fun that doesn't involve spending what Donald Trump drops for lunch.I love you, DD. You've made my trips to Vegas endurable.Thank you.
5	*~This is the darkest, dankest, smokiest BEST dive bar i have EVER had the pleasure of stepping into. We were in Vegas for 7 days, and got to first name basis with some of the locals as well as the bartenders there.  So unpretentious, even if you are an out of towner, your made to feel confortable the moment you walk in.  The second you become a dickhead, your out.  The shooter you must have is the Ass Juice, it's what their known for...not nearly as bad as it sounds. Too bad it's all the way in Vegas...we need one of these around here! Can't wait to go back!~*
5	This is CLEARLY the place the Las Vegas locals go when they are done with their jobs on the Strip. Dark, dingy and smokey, this place SCREAMS dive.But I loved it.Even though I had to step outside for fresh air several times, I thought this bar had it all. The bartenders themselves were fantastic. Typically, two bartenders in a packed bar would never be enough, but these guys had it down. If even so much as set my drink on the bar, they were asking if I needed another, and with awesome crappy, cheap beers like PBR, Schlitz and Olympia, I rarely said no.Another interesting touch is the Ass Juice. Prior to us beginning our evening, I told my boyfriend there was no way in hell I would drink something called Ass Juice...but after several beers, I found myself ordering two.In addition to the beer, ass juice and bartenders they also have live music a great juke box and pretty decent people.Once you get tired of the overpriced drinks, girls who wish they were strippers and guys who spend more time in front of the mirror than I do, change out of your expensive jeans and man blouses and head over to the Double Down.
4	If you have seen dusk till dawn, this place kinda reminds me of the Titty Twister....but smaller....and no nekked girls...well sometimes. It is dark and dingie, it can be rough at times. It can also be a death trap of drunken nights with coyote ugly. You get all types here from rockers to bikers, rockabilly to scene kids. I've seen suits and moms....It attracts all types of people looking to get filthy and nasty. I see from other reviews everyone talks about the ass juice. Well what about the bacon martinis....yum - o. Real bacon baby! Ok so you dont get the best drinks here. But the drinks are simple and to the point. Dont order a mai tai - or a sex with an alligator. How about a jack and beer chaser or vodka rocks. The decor is all punked out. Usually when I go I see a couple girls scissor fighting in the bathroom with one guy just clueless on how to handle that. Ya Go on fun nights. Over all its a good bar to see live shows. If you can stand the smell, hang out, keep it simple, and chill...then this is definitely a hot spot.
5	Everyone else's reviews say it best, this is the best dive bar ever, and I LOATHE dive bars, but I love it really because it hasn't been imploded yet, and it holds a lot of history and very cool people, celebrities, locals, and some tourists, but not so many where it is painful.
4	There's only one thing preventing this bar from being Platonically perfect and that's those damn video gambling machines mounted into the surface of the main bar. But this is Las Vegas after all, and expecting not to find crap like this blighting every available space would be like expecting Williamsburg free of facial hair and ironic tee shirts. Otherwise, as noted, this place is a pretty perfect dive and a welcome respite to anything even tangentially related to the Strip. Cheap liquor, cheap drinks and as pleasantly worn in and seedy as college apartment furniture, this deliciously dark hole never closes, sports a million wry stickers of bands you've never heard of (but should), hosts a mockingly friendly clientele of happy drunks and has the absolute finest indie/hipster jukebox outside the Mission District. There's not much LA would benefit from in borrowing things from Vegas, but we could use this bar and more like it.
4	It was yelp reviews that persuaded me to search out this place as the perfect anti-dote to strip bars and Strip Bars.  It was pretty quiet when I went but it was nice to chat with people who weren't trying to sell themselves or tell me how much they're are up or down.  Even if you hate dive bars you may like to catch a few drinks with some locals and bitch about the strip over a round of assjuice.
4	I don't remember a whole lot about this place.  I was pretty drunk by the time I turned up and people were pouring out of the door into the parking lot, with the live band knocking out some loud tunes.  The other 3 guys I came with got scared and left which I took to be a good sign and stayed.  People were friendly to talk to and I danced like a twat to the band until they finished their set.It gets 4 stars as it was unlike any other place in Vegas I visited, I really liked the band they had on and if I were ever to go back to Vegas I would love to check it out again in a [only very] slightly more sober state.In a nutshell; about as dirty a dive bar is going to get.  If you have an adventurous attitude, like loud punky music and looking for somewhere to just drink - check it out.
4	Yep, a dive bar alright.Thats why when asked where I wanted to meet, and it was listed as one of several places.  Easy choice, Double Down, "reminds me of home".Dark. checkGood jukebox. checkcheap drinks. check (I didn't realize Schlitz, and Oly were even available still)The piped in video stream on the screens was a trip. Vintage wrestling, Japanese smut The Audition: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audition_(1999_film) add the right ")" to the url manually, The Curious Dr.Humpp (60's campy american smut), vintage music acts. Cool stuff in general. (passed the time while waiting an hour for someone to show)Ultimately did have some Ass Juice "$4 a shot, $9 for two" It was sweet this batch. I'm thinking it is the amassed overpour, then sold as shots. "ASS" is what I guess the buyers are called afterhours. Kiss me I'm Irish? Forget that, "Kiss me I'm an ASS!" that would make a good T-Shirt.New term I learned for the neighborhood, "the Fruit Loop". Gay bar part of town. So after a hard blurry night of drinking that started at the Double Down and your ass hurts the next morning, don't tell anyone I suppose. That probably meant you didn't spend the whole night at the DD.Just an FYI. In reality it is more on the corner of  S. Swenson & E. Naples.When driving down Paradise (come from Flamingo because of One-Way direction) it is tucked off to the left, end of a small mall parking lot. Or Swenson off Tropicana if coming from below.
4	This is the diviest dive bar I've ever set foot in.  I often wonder if the place was designed that to look that way, or if all that filth is authentic.  If you're a tourist, this is the place to go when you've had enough of the Strip (or didn't want to be there in the first place).  Awesome jukebox, scary yet tempting drink specials.  Home of the bacon martini, a vile concoction that everyone should try once in their lives.   I'll take this place over the casinos any day, thanks.
5	I love this bar,When in Vegas we all know that everything is pretty much well, fair game and we usually don't give two shits about where we go as long as we're having a good time. This is the divest of dive bars i've ever been to, yet probably the coolest place in Vegas. Hands down being here makes me feel like I'm in a real life Quintin Tarrentino movie....everything from the heavy drug use ambiance to the never closing establishment. If you feel like experiencing a Fear and Loathing moment in your life, this is the place to bring you that euphoria (without the drugs of course).
5	Some locals took me here 6 years ago. I am now a religious Double Down-er. I schedule a full "Double Down Day" each time I come to Vegas.  This is THE best bar in Vegas, hands down. The bartenders have great stories, the locals are friendly and fun and there is a tattoo parlor across the street. What could be better?? The cabbies are always scared for you when they drop you off, which only adds to the allure of this dark, dirty place. I love to come here during the day and leave when it gets dark, at least I think thats when I leave, who really knows?? The Double Down owns part of my heart!!
4	Came here with some friends back in May at around 4 or 5am. We took a taxi from the old part of town (we were at the Griffin) and I'm glad it wasn't my turn to pay the driver. We got in easy, there was maybe 10 people inside, we ordered our round, I ordered a PBR or some other cheap beer, the prices were reasonable. My friend bought a round of ass juice. I didn't realize ass tasted like grape juice. We had a few drinks, I selected the Dead Boys on the jukebox and then we left walking down the street, the sun was up at this point. We went down the street to another bar, the one without the rainbows. We had a few rounds there and the bouncer from the Double Down shows up after us to have some drinks. We bought the guy a round and talked to him a little, he was cool.
5	Ahh, yes, the Double Down. The iconic punk bar of Las Vegas and beyond. There's bands almost every night. There's always a good crowd of people hanging out and, even though your shoes may stick to the ground, the drinks are good and cheap. If you have a band, play here. Not only is it fun but they pay you and give you free drinks. The parking does suck though and don't park your car too far away because our gear (yeah, it sucked a Gretch guitar 'n rad amp) got jacked last time we played there. major bummer. This place is still one of the best bars in Vegas though!
5	Best bar, jukebox, people and the best place for Vegas souvenirs.  A no brainer place to go if you visit Vegas...if you like the strip casinos...stay there!
5	This place sucks. Loved it.
5	This is one of my all time fave places to see a show.  I've been here a couple of times and every time some crazy ass shit has gone down.  Last time there was a huge girl on girl fight that rivaled any WWF fight I've seen on tv.  The walls have cool murals all over them and the bathroom doors have some some of the coolest shit painted on them.  I could go there for the picture taking possibilities alone.  But they have great bands here too.  Everyone gets into the music and doesn't just stand around with their thumbs up their asses like they are too cool to dance and make fools of themselves.  I just love the people that I've encountered here.  They are the craziest, coolest, funniest people ever.  And the alcohol is cheap!!!  I swear I wish this place would move to LA but then again it probably wouldn't be as cool.
5	i love this bar! been frequenting this place for a few years. i love the ass juice! tasty! i even tried a bacon martini. not so good. i asked the bartender oh, so how do you get the bacon flavor in the martini? he pulls out the bottle and there's fuckin bacon floating in the bottle! ah! so being the daring culinary expert i am, i ordered me one, how bad could it be right? uh. lets just say one sip and i was done with it. the bartender was gracious enough to make it into a bloody mary for me at no extra charge! bar is covered in old flyers from shows, and also their drink specials, including ass jucie! try some youll love it! great jukebox. they also have a dj on certain nights! i recommend this place for anyone whos not afraid of a great dive bar!
5	I have been going to this bar since it first opened it does not get any better then this. No one can do a place like this and The owner is a grreat guy.
5	Bummer that it was slow and no band was playing when we went.  But, it was Monday night and understandable.  The ambiance was cool in itself and we had a good time there.  Even though I didn't get a good feel for the locals, because the place was pretty dead, I had to give this place 5 stars, because it reminds me of the Burgundy Room in LA.  Oh, and the bartender was super awesome.
4	Your typical Dive Rawk bar in your not so typical town.  Yep here you will finally feel like your not in Las Vegas.  It's a great break from the pretend world that is Vegas.  Situated right near the Hard Rock which is super nice.Oh and the place never closes!!!
5	Best dive bar I've ever been to.  First place I would go if I blew all my money gambling, or if I wanted cheap drinks with people who don't give a f*%k.  Live punk rock, open 24 hours, plenty of parking and vending machine full of snacks.  Also all the shlitz you can drink.  Bouncer alegedly beat both Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee in some karate championship in the 70's.  He looks old, but my friends tell me he fights like a Jedi.
4	If you love some live punk/rock and roll and drinking the house drink, Ass Juice, this is your place. Also try the Bacon Martini. Great place that has more personality than any contrived Vegas nonsense.
5	Without a doubt one of the greatest bars in Vegas and possibly the free world!!! It is a true, hardcore dive. The smell of old beer permeates the air and Jack Daniels flows like milk and honey. Always some crazy band playing way too loud. It is awesome. When you've had enough time at the bar at the Hard Rock stumble over to the Double Down, throw a few shots back, suck down some suds, check out a band and get in a brawl. Now that's the REAL Vegas Baby!!!
5	I heard a legend that a man once spent all of his 72 hours in Vegas at The Double Down. Didn't check into a hotel. Caught a few hours of sleep on the janky couch. DIdn't want to leave. Didn't need to leave. In a city full of attractions and decadence, The Double Down held his undivided attention for 72 straight hours. That is amazing, and this bar is amazing.
4	Without a doubt my favorite bar in Las Vegas. All the legends may not be true but they sure could be.
5	So we're in Vegas for a Bachelor party.  Most of us except the bachelor have been there a few times. He's kind of a punk rock kinda guy. So where do you go? Luckily we knew someone from the city that knew exactly where we should be the Double Down Saloon.When you walk in, it grabs your ass in an uncomfortable manner, then punches you in the face like a semi-truck versus a bicycle. You know that you've walked into the king ding-a-ling of dive bars.The people are all really cool and sociable. The walls are all covered with illustrations though you can miss a lot due to the low light situation. There are a couple TVs playing a mixed of old horror movies trailers, wacky porn and randomness. When we went there was a band called Uberschall that did improvisational, kinda drone rock with tons of percussion (3 drummers). Turns out they consisted of members of Blue Man Group, Zumanity, Criss Angel's Cirque show and a guy from a Prince tribute band. Bad ass talent for free. Plus you can get trashed... which we did.Now the big thing everyone talks about is the Bacon Martini. I wasn't really a fan of it nor were any of my friends, but at least we gave it a try. They also have a drink called Ass Juice; cheap and really tasty, almost a fruit punch that's been spiked with mystery-hol.I can't wait to get back there next time we fly out. If you're looking for something low key that's not your average glitz and glamor Vegas, this place rocks.
5	That's DOUBLE DIRTY DOWN to you! where do i begin? The ass juice?...i knew the minute it touched my lips that it was nothin but trouble. The puke insurance? turns out although i avoided the ass juice, I should have purchased some. The bacon martini? I didnt even get to see the canadian bacon floating in a bottle of vodka. I was too busy checking out the great wall art, graffiti, bumper stickers. My favorite? "I heart mormon pussy" This place is outta site, a real dirty dive. We made it for opening bands of the "Dodgey Fest" great punk groups from SanFran. My only regret is missing the Meat Sluts. Gotta love this place! As they say, they're keepin it real! ROCK ON!
5	As a general rule, I don't like Vegas. However, I freakin' LOVE this place. It avoids all the stereotypical Vegas trappings and is just an awesome punky dive bar. It's where all the cool kids go. Seriously. My friend got the Ass Juice. It was good--and strong. I had a little trouble getting my Bacon Martini down and ended up having to chase it w/ a beer. I'm sure it makes a killer Bloody Mary, tho. The crowd was a great mixture of people and the bartenders, while a little gruff, weren't superficial in the least. Pretty much the only thing worth seeing in Vegas, as far as I'm concerned.
4	I love Las Vegas, and I love rock and roll bars, so naturally I'm a fan of the Double Down. They usually book some pretty awesome and unique bands, so you can go there almost any night and be entertained. Then there's the ass juice, hilarious. Plus, a bar with slot machines that never closes?? Be still my heart. I wish they would improve the bathrooms at least a little. In a dive bar, all a women's room needs is a lockable door and toilet paper. I don't think that's too much to ask for. Also, much like dive/punk bars in L.A., the place has a little bit of the too-cool-for-school vibe, which is annoying. It's awesome when everyone looks tattooed-out and fantastic, but it ruins it if they aren't nice as well.
5	The jukebox is all time.Hands down ... They pour the meanest drinks ever!A Vegas must!!
5	Two words: Bacon MartiniReally, did I drink one too many Grey Goose martinis, die of alcohol poisoning, and go to bacon heaven? Bacon and vodka together? Yes, it is true...there is a God...because there is a bacon martini. Obviously someone up there heard my prayers and sent this magical drink down from the heavens. I am betting angels brought it down themselves.The bacon vodka is a clear bottle filled with vodka, strips of bacon, and globules of bacon fat. Honestly, it is not a pretty sight. As a matter of fact, even for the bacon freak, it is quite frightening. The martini itself is icy bits of bacon and bacon fat globules floating in a glass of the bacon infused vodka. Knowing in advance that they do not provide a bacon garnish, I brought my own. Yes, I am a bacon dork...what?The bacon martini is indeed delicious and leaves a film of bacon fat on the lips...kind of like bacon chapstick. Wow, another fabulous idea...do you hear me up there?
5	I am so grateful to Yelp for helping me find this place! It rocks! We were looking to go somewhere outside of the fancy clubs at the casinos and just venture out and do something different. This place felt like a dive bar from home (Philly). We took a cab to the Hard Rock and then walked to get to DD. It was pretty much all locals the night I went and there were two empty pool tables so we shot pool for a bit. The beers were cheap, the jukebox was AWESOME - but there was a DJ the night we were there (Monday) and we wished we could have just listened to the jukebox instead. I didn't like the DJ that much. I iddn't try any of the "Ass juice" or bacon martinis sadly...but maybe next time! I can't wait to bring my friends here next time we go out to Vegas. It's a "gem" of a dive bar.
5	If you go with friends that aren't into dive bars, make sure they're half lit before you come.  Otherwise, they'll kill your fucking buzz and make you leave early.Other than that, I love this place.
5	okay this to me is what god and every one considers a dive bar beside the fact that the beer is cold and cheap and it never closes and the live music is a utopia of good things every time i go to vegas i go back to bar and get some ass juice  love this place wish  there was one in boston
5	This continues to be my favorite bar of all time!!!  And that's saying a lot since I'm half irish, half cherokee and all drinker.  The drinks here are super cheap, one vodka redbull, one black russian, and two buds ran me $20.  How great is that?  Even better, they had a punk rock elvis cover band.  Where else can you hear a punked out version of Suspicious Minds?  If I could I would move in here.
5	The Happiest Place on Earth!While this place may garner extra attention because of the cesspool that it's surrounded by, this by no means takes away from it's greatness.  Whether I'm in a cab, or being picked up by a friend, this is always the first stop in Vegas.  Great jukebox, great drinks, and live music make this a great stop in Sin City.  It's proximity to the airport make sure that your arrival, or departure from Vegas are done in style.
4	Spent many a drunken night there for my night caps.  Great dirty fun with a fantastic juke box.  Next door to another cool bar called the Buffalo (or as my close friends refer to it "Buffy's" - the Sunday beer bust alone!).
5	The DDS is one of the few places in Vegas to see great rock, punk and metal bands in an intimate setting--plus the beer/drinks are reasonably priced!!! The stage is pretty tiny, so the drums are about all that fits, which brings the band right onto the dancefloor, which turned into a good-natured moshpit on this particular evening. Another good thing: the show started on real rock 'n' roll time, at about 10:45, and ended around 3am or so. That doesn't even happen in NYC much anymore.This past weekend, I and my Reality Check TV cast checked the reality of our good friends SHE WOLVES from NYC, who were on a short West Coast Tour to support their 'ENJOY DAMNATION' cd/ep. There were some other killer bands like SADDLE TRASH and PISS POPS on the bill as well, and it was friggin' FREE ADMISSION on a Saturday nite, of all things! SHE WOLVES busted out some new and recent tunes, as well as a few choice nugs from Dava SheWolf's previous band, CYCLE SLUTS FROM HELL, including their classic "I Wish You Were a Beer" anthem, where both my co-host DDDanny and myself joined in on the choruses! She Wolves have played both my and Danny's birthday parties in the past, one in SF, and the other in NYC, and both have been memorable affairs.Check 'em out at myspace.com/shewolves for more info...
3	Went back recently for a Schlitz in a can, but ended up getting smoked out, and not in the good way. In the 6-12 months since I've been there, I may have actually grown too old for the place. My bad....
5	I was enlightened by Anthony Bourdain to the existence of Ass Juice. I knew one day I'd get my own ass to the Double Down. Our second day in Vegas, I had eyes on the infamous bacon martini. I had to take one for the team. I had to experience "the happiest place on earth" because people, for me it ain't Disney. Upon walking in, I knew I wanted to just pull up a stool and soak it all in. The place was dim, dark, dirty, grungy, smelled like stale beer cans, wasted dreams, quarters and careers. The bathroom was a literal feast for the eyes, toilet paper on the chain link behind you and all. I must have sat in there for about 10 minutes just reading the walls. My personal favorite? "I have a spiffy beaver" I had a shot of ass juice waiting for me while Joe sipped a Schlitz. "Sipped a Schlitz"...not a pretty sound. Not a pretty sight. The juice went down fast, and I can only imagine the need for sugary puke insurance. Thankfully, I knew I wouldn't be there long enough.I then went for the martini. I swore I heard someone say "bong water martini" from the peanut gallery in the corner, but who cares. I ordered it, I drank it, and i even saw the bottle of bacon. I don't think i need to drink it again, although, I was intrigued by the notion of a bacon bloody mary. "It's like an alcoholic BLT!" the bartender bragged. We liked him.We made a friend at the bar. I'll call him "Wade". Apparently, according to  other patrons, the only reason Wade was still around was because "the grave diggers were on strike!" He was a harmless fellow, who spouted obscenities, told Joe he had a lot of nerve bringing me to a place like this, and then slobbered on my hand once he realized it was I who chose the bar. What can I say? I'm a classy gal. Hobos love me.I could go on. The 70s soft porn on the tv, the punk rock, Wade, the bacon etc..but there were other adventures to be had in Vegas. It's probably a good thing I couldn't stay too long, but I'll be back next time I'm in town.
5	We heard about the Double Down, ironically, from a Tony Bourdain show, where he visited it for a brief moment while in Vegas.  This just may be the king, the grand-daddy, the papi of all dive bars.  It is fantastically dirty, with graffiti, stickers, and cheap "treasures" festooned all over the walls,  I had a dildo dangling uncomfortably close to my head that I dubbed the "Dildo of Damocles".  And then there was Wade.Wade deserves his own paragraph.  Wade is a friendly fellow, who grabs your hand to shake it and never.  lets.  go.  Until he makes sure he gets his point across, which takes a considerable amount of time because he was apparently colossally  drunk by the time we got there at about 4pm on a Monday.  But, drunk as he was, he was sharp enough to crack a few jokes at our expense - "Where did your son go to college?"  "Do you think I could remember that if I couldn't remember that I lived in Hayward?!" and other zingers.  Wade really brought the room together.And the drinks.  After all the overcharging and glitzy excess of Vegas, there's something comforting about a Jaeger-based drink called Ass Juice that only sets you back $3, the bacon martini, and most any cheap beer you could ask for.  Now, as a veggie, I couldn't exactly order the bacon martini, but I wasn't about to let them in on that fact 'cause I probably would have been thrown out right then and there.We were treated about halfway through our visit when with great '70s-'80s porn on the telly with a peeping tom checking out some ladies gettin' it on.  Because, you know, if you peep into a house you will most likely see some lesbian sex.  I know it because the movies told me so . . . and watching porn in a dive bar is just about as good as it gets . . . as long as there are other ladies there, which there were.The bartender is great, very welcoming, and makes you feel like you just walked into the friendliest pit in all of Vegas, which you pretty much just did.  A must-see if you can hang in a dive bar.  And if you can't, please ignore the "add as a friend" button on the left . . .
5	The Double Down Saloon is truly one of " the happiest places on Earth." The outside facade of the bar displays this slogan in bright white capital letters. My college buddy and a couple of friends from my neighborhood know my style fairly well. I do need to be happy especially at times like this. The Double Down Saloon is my kind of bar. Pool table, a great jukebox easy on the attitude.  The locals prefer to go with the special which is the Schlitz and the ass juice. Formulated differently each night.....the only important criteria for ass juice is that it be pinkish brown and go well with beer.  Oh yeah, it was indeed appropriately named. The combination of beer and a sweet concoction of 'god knows what' was actually quite good. My Vegas friends tell me all the time to get away from that awful strip for awhile to maintain my sanity here and here's where you do it. The Double  Down Saloon. Although the Double Down doesn't serve food I believe its a city ordinanace in Las Vegas that any business not involving pre-school children provide gambling opportunities What impressed me was the local folk. Always eager to lend a helping hand. By this, I mean the gambling aspect. The bar is aligned with all kinds of slot machines and games I don't know how to play, however my new friends (Lisa and Rachel) were there for the rescue. Lisa asks me if we are looking for some local stuff to do. My friend answers by saying " we need to keep his mind clean and pure away from that nasty strip."Lisa and Rachel quickly say " yeah, I agree, we can help you guys with that. Well, we have to take off but it was really good meeting you and your friend. Here is my number. Definitely give me a call if you're interested in checking out the real Las Vegas "Should I befriend these ladies? My buddy says "always." I say " so we should call these two up?" He says " yeah, sure, why not? I trust them ." First of all, I'm going to enjoy my time at the Double Down and then I'll think about calling. I want to look around " the happiest place on Earth " for awhile because this place is one of a kind. Graffiti walls, stickers on every inch inside and hanging ornaments give this place a dirty and cheap look but in a good way. We also heard from other local people that rock/ punk metal bands play until 3am or even 4am! That's unheard of in L.A.!     After a couple of rounds of ass juice and Schlitz. My party and I decide to take off . I admit after leaving the "happiest place on Earth." I felt strangely happy.
5	This place rocks ass.  Its dark, filthy, loud, and completely what a rock n roll bar should be. Scare some yuppies and bring em here, they will never speak to you again.
2	This place wasnt all that great. I heard good things but was extremely disappointed.  I went on a day where they didnt have a band or dj. It says the happiest place on earth on the front entrance ...i walk in and everyone seems depressed.  there wasnt that many people here but yet the bar was full.  (its pretty small bar) . So i just grabbed a wobbly table and sat there. I asked the bartender what they had on draft and he said "nothin"... hmm...thats rare. so then i asked for a coors and he said "try again" hahaha.  alright i'll take a rolling rock i guess.  "good guess" they had rolling rock .  $4 a bottle . i chugged it and got the hell outta there .
4	Punk's not dead. It moved to Las Vegas and it's wasted at the Double Down.
4	Remember that scene in Animal house where Flounder brings his girl to the Frat House? And right when they walk through the door a bottle breaks right next to her head and she gets beer on her? That's the Double Down. This place is the raunchiest, dirtiest, most disgusting, decrepit dump of a dive bar this side of the 38th parallel. and I LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!!I have never had a bad time here. I've been there on a slow weekday when it was just me, a friend, and the bartender. I've been there on show nights; where the air is misty with the condensation of other people's sweat and it takes 20 minutes to get a drink. Screw it, it's bitchin, trust me. I came here during Viva Las Vegas 2008 to see one of my favorite bands; Austin, Texas' own Flametrick Subs. It was an experience. After trying a few Bacon Martinis (not as gross as they sound) and pounding several cans of Schlitz Lager, the show started, and the place was packed. But something was a little different here, I thought I was in The Twilight Zone. There was one guy fried on LSD shooting at lights with his finger, and the highlight? Some dude getting his ass beat by 4 girls in fishnets and stilettos for burning one with a cigarette and not apologizing. Interesting. The band started playing and Acid boy was dancing some sort of interpretive self mosh. He ended up getting kicked out (thrown out cartoon style really) for breaking a light, but hey; it was fun. This is a real dive bar, so be careful. Unsavory characters, assholes, and just straight up bad attitudes are the way of the land here, so be prepared.The Double Down is also pretty well decorated. The Hardwood floor is falling apart, or missing in some areas, the pool tables have no bumpers, and the restrooms do not know clean. or locked. Cartoon porn on the Tv's, along with strange 70's stag films, naked alien women o n the walls, and a giant painting of Poison Ivy from the Cramps on the Women's restroom door all scream, "Fuck personality! What were we here for again? Oh yea, to get drunk.". That's what it's all about here. So pick up your Ass Juice and Bacon Martinis, light up a cigarette and enjoy the road to hell this place is paving for all it's patrons. Amen!
4	Absolutely Filthy.  Skip the bacon martini and go for a bloody mary made with the bacon infused vodka.
4	I went here because of the show No Reservations. Bacon Martini, Ass-Juice, and a recent concogntion of Swine Flu Shot yeah it's a bitching dive bar.
5	Wow what can I say about this place, this is one of the best bars I have been to. I went on a Sunday afternoon I know that it was a slow time of the day, but I wanted to enjoy it I will go on a Saturday night the next time I am in town. Anyway I went it is pretty dark in there to the point it takes your eyes a while to adjust. Anyway get to the bar and sit down the bartender was a great server and talker. So the first drink I order is the bacon martini. Now this bacon martini is what it is. Vodka infused with bacon in the bottle. So when they server the drink up it is in a martini glass but smells of bacon and you can see the chunks of cold fat floating around. I drank it it taste like bacon the only drawback was the fat dissolving in your mouth. It was one of those once in a lifetime thing you only do it once. Second I had their famous Ass Juice it was way better than the martini. Then I had a swine flu shot which had the bacon vodka if I knew it had that I would have passed on that. Other than that they had many lower shelf beers IE. Pabst, Olympia and others. The bar itself has TVs playing old school punk concerts to sleazy b movie trailers from the 60's. This bar ambiance is who gives a F*$K I'm just here to get a drink. I recommend this bar to anyone with that attitude. If you are prissy or are douchy don't come within a 2 mile radius of this place. The only drawback is its kind of hard to find due to the fact that it is between two one way streets.
4	I've been here a few times.  They have great prices on beer and lunch specials.  Unlike other reviewers I really liked their pizza!  They also have a great ranch dressing for their salads.  I did think it was odd that a couple of times I was there they didn't have many of the TV's on.  They should at least have one all the way down the bar on vs just a few.    I've met friends there to watch the game and the service was slow but, hey we were there to watch the game and it was packed so kind of expected it to be slow!   The owners seem very nice and very proud of their business.  It's great to see hands on owners!
3	cheapish PBR, great jukebox, kinda skanky... right up my alley, i guess. although... something didnt strike my fancy.
3	Oh man, what an experience. My friends and I, like so many other Yelpers, decided that the idea of a Bacon Martini was just too good to pass up, so we took a cab off the strip to the infamous "Fruit Loop" to get our hands on some of the porcine swill.  And swill it was.Be sure to dress down when headed to the Double Down, the four of us felt out of place in shorts and collared shirts and the bartender treated us like we were too.In the future I'll stick with a place that's friendly or just stay at the nickel video poker where they bring you drinks for free with a smile.Chalk another one up to "you gotta try it once!"
5	This bar makes other dives look like a pre-pubescent emo chick who recently bought the new Brittany Spears album. Would I describe this as the perfect bar, YES! Why? Because every other bar I have gone to since makes me cry and miss the Double Down.First, they have cheap liquor. Forget your fancy Bacon Martinis, all I need is Jameson and PBR, which are never in short supply here. Second, their jukebox is amazing! When a live punk band isn't playing you can definitely pick out some good tunes. Come here mid-week and skip the Disneyland-like crowds on the strip. You can play a game of pool, get drunk, gamble, and take pictures in their photo both to help you remember "what exactly happened last night?". Its grungy, and dirty, and awesome. I love you Double Down, hopefully I can come see you again soon!
4	This is a dive bar people, it ain't a place where they greet you with a fake smile and hello as you walk through the door. It ain't a place where the bartender will oblige you with crappy small talk. This is a place with colorful murals and a jukebox full of punk. This is a place where the bathroom looks like something out of a third world slum. This is place where when you walk outside you might smell like you just spent a day at the track; but don't worry the smell didn't bother the fine gentleman the cops were cuffing as my group exited the premises. So for those of you who saw Double Down on No Reservations and thought you would go there and try a Bacon Martini or some Ass Juice, you better be the type that don't mind a little dirt, literally and figuratively, because if you do mind then do everyone a favor and stick to the hollow touristy strip.
5	If you go to get wild, which is the only reason to go, be sure to get the puke insurance.  That way, if/when you puke on the bar, they won't kick you out!  If you think I am joking, go there and see for yourself.  If you get the puke insurance, ask the bartender to make you a glass of ass juice.  That way, you will get the most out of your experience and the insurance won't go to waste.
5	I'd read about DDS and decided I wanted to make the trip over at least once when I went to Vegas this past March.  Bacon Martini's plus some drink called Ass Juice, plus a jukebox full of punk bands- sounded like my type of scene.  I was pumped to go, but there's no way to describe my excitement the second I stepped out of the cab and heard "Warning! Warning!" by the Disasters blasting out of the place (Roger Miret is my hero).  Once inside it lived up to my expectations and then some.  Some things that happened while there:1.)Getting in an argument with a guy at the bar over Wolfgang Puck and whether or not he was a money whore.2.)20 mins later having that same guy have his two girl friends show me their tits.3.)The first time you bite into a Slim Jim after drinking a can of Schlitz and swearing to yourself its the best meal you've ever had.4.)Sitting down at one of the tables and having the chair break to pieces.5.)Getting 5 jukebox plays for a buck.6.)Getting drunk at 4am on the cheap while listening to the Dead BoysIf you like clubs like Pure, XS, Tryst and the people who go there- do yourself and all of us a favor and stay far far away from Double Down.  Everyone else needs to check this place out.
5	My favorite bar in Vegas hands down. They have Fernet, High life, rad bartenders and a kick ass jukebox.Met some really cool people here this weekend. Oh, the drinks are cheap too.I will for sure be making the Double Down a mandatory stop every time I am in L.V.
3	I'll start this off by saying I *thought* I liked "dive" bars prior to coming here. I like Fremont Street, I love the four kegs, I like going to see obscure rock bands at hole in the wall spots, etc... but this was not my scene!I took a friend from out of town here on a whim. We had a friend flying in at 11:00 and wanted to kill some time before picking her up. At 10:00 or so we walked into a large open room with a bar on one end. We were dressed kind of cutely I guess so we got strange stares the entire time! Bartenders weren't exactly "friendly". We tried the ass juice and bacon martini. Neither was "cheap" (don't recall prices, but they were just average.. not cheap, not pricey). The ass juice tasted like ass. Kind  of like a strong grape koolaid? I dunno.. not good. The bacon martini gives me nightmares to this day. I have to give them credit for serving such a drink, and I mean I was the idiot that ordered it.. but WOW it was far nastier and scarier than I could ever imagine. Imagine a glass of cold emulsified bacon fat with a strong awful rubbing alcohol aftertaste. YUP that's how it was. We choaked down two sips before leaving for other destinations. Really 2 stars, but trying to give this place the benefit of the doubt. Maybe it's more fun when it's crowded? Maybe it's more fun when there's a band? I did learn, however, that bacon should NEVER be made into a martini!
5	After you've insulted everyone, burned all of your bridges, lost all your money, and are desperately in need of a location where you can hide from the world, nurse your wounds, and suck down something call ass juice there is no place better than the Double Down Saloon (aka the Happiest Place on Earth).You want a dive bar ... this is the definition!  A little off the Vegas strip ... no respectable dive bar would be exactly on the strip ... this happy little respite earned its way into my heart a while back and I doubt it will ever leave me.When you pull up you will not see the name of the place ... just a sign proudly declaring it the "Happiest Place on Earth".  Ignore that fear gripping the pit of your stomach.  Allow your inner Andy Dufresne to beckon, "if you've come this far maybe you'll come a little further".Light does not penetrate the Pandora's Box which is the Double Down.  Its painted black walls are adorned with a cacaphony of memorabelia which one imagines have been traded for a shot of the hard stuff.  When I first sat down I had two thoughts:"I hope I don't stick to anything."AND"Any place that has a sign reading 'I love Mormon Pussy' is my kind of place."In the Double Down you may find yourself chatting with off-work strippers, bikers, slumming tv gameshow hosts, junkies, tourists, or any of the other of the worst sort.Order up a shot of ass juice.  The brownish liquid is a mix of a variety of whatever sweet liquors which can be found behind the bar and imbibing it is actually a delightful experience.  After 2 shots of the ass get yourself a bacon martini.  Yes, you heard me ... a bacon martini.  Personally, I choked and sputtered through mine (did I mention that they sell puke insurance).  My advice is after a few sips ask the bartender to turn it into a Bloody Mary ... a bacon martini can be converted into the BEST Bloody Mary.In the end the most important part of visiting this bar is setting a limit for yourself.  Time will fade away while you're here.
4	Best dive bar in Vegas!!! There are FREE punk shows here almost everynight - bands usually start around midnight and go until 3 or 4am. It's dirty, rowdy & fukkin fun! Happiest place on earth?......at least in Vegas! And a big thanx to the large security guy that kept the crowd from slamming into me while we played, even though 'danger' IS my middle name.
4	You had me at "Ass Juice."I'm just a country bumpkin from the sticks and on my latest trip to Vegas, I needed to find the real town.  Imagine my giddy delight to actually find "the (other) happiest place on earth"!Dark, rank, cheap, outwardly unappealing, uber-friendly, in-your-face perfect dive bar.  I didn't need the $20 puke insurance but I am certain there are many past patrons who may have wished they'd purchased the damage waiver."Time stops here." reads the painted letters on the door.  Truer words were never posted.This place is easy to find - right at the end of runway 4F at McCarren.  I swear a landing 737 almost touch the roof!
5	Having been to Double Down NYC, I had high hopes for the Double Down LV-- I was not disappointed!  I was in town for the National APA pool tournament, my companion and I wanted something a little more lowbrow, so we took a cab to the Double Down. He had the Bacon Martini, or, rather, choked it down, and I had my usual whiskey on the rocks. When you are tired of paying twenty three dollars for two drinks on the Strip, get yourself over to the Double Down. Two pool tables, a fantastic jukebox (though I would have enjoyed a a selection of old country and some deathrock), competent and friendly (if you aren't acting like an idiot) and a surprisingly clean bathroom, the "Happiest Place on Earth" earns five stars from me and my blackened liver and lungs.
5	The best dive, punk rock, music bar in town and the country. The NYC Double Down might get to this caliber one day but right now ittries too hard to be Vegas. The original cant be beat!  Awesome bartenders. Amazing music, jukebox and people. Always live music and cool random people.  You Puke You Clean the way any bar should be.  If you havent been to Double Down yet you have to experience it to love it.  If you are uptight you will relax,  tolerance is a must! Great selection at the bar and prices that are great.
4	I usually have go to Vegas for business/trade shows 2 or 3 times a year, and thats enough of this town for me.  On 2 of those occasions I snuck away to the DD on the recommendation of a friend who knows my love of punk and dive bars. Actually he was shocked that I had never heard of this classic place.It is as advertised, divey to the inth degree.  Yay!!  God I have needed this in Vegas for soooo long (kicks self).The only downer of my two previous visits was that my biz trips were during the week, thus no live music, dang it!  Had a great time both times, even though it was dead.  The first time I cabed it over by myself and had a quite a bit to drink with customers at dinner earlier, and hung out with the dj requesting cool old punk tunes.  This person was most accommodating , and we spoke several times, and I never did figure out the gender. Thats rock and roll kiddies!!
5	I've lived in Vegas on and off for six years and I'm kicking myself for not going to this place sooner.The Double Down Saloon is on the end of a small strip mall right next to the Thomas & Mack at Harmon and Spencer.  There is some parking but if you arrive too late you might have to park a block or two away.  This is an area known to locals as "the fruit loop" because of several nearby gay bars.  The double down doesn't care who you are.  All are welcome.  It's just here to rock.This place is a glorious dive.  Dark, loud and the walls covered in stickers of all the small bands that have played here over the years.  Any place that sells bottles of PBR is just fine by me.  You won't find a huge selection of brew.  Really only the stuff that matters.  You can also get a concoction called "ass juice" or a bacon martini and for some reason Slim Jims are also an option.  Maybe they're friends with the Macho Man.The crowd is pretty young without a trendy douchebag in sight.  At times it felt a little like a high school party with a more abundant supply of booze, but there are people from all ages who show up.On the night I was there a band called Forth Yeer was playing and they ripped it up.  In all a great way to spend a Friday night.  No cover charge.  No drama.  No waiting in line hoping some doorman loser likes your shirt enough to let you in.  Las Vegas needs more places like the famed Double Down.  A slice of reality in a superficial town.
5	Hands down this is my favorite bar in Vegas!! Nestled in the Fruit Loop near the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, the Double Down is close to the action but far enough from the strip to keep out some of the whack tourists. Wow where to start?? The free juke box loaded with old skool punk is awesome. It normally has a ton of credits on it and you're free to go up and enter in whatever you want. Side note: During my last two visits there were no remaining credits. Not many bars in Vegas sell canned beer and I don't think there are any others that sell cans of Olympia (It's the Water!) and Shlitz (It's the Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous!). These are two of my favorite beers, so the only trouble I have is in deciding which one to order! Puke Insurance! What? Yeah, pay $20 and if you barf in the bar you don't have to clean it up. The Double Down will pay one of the local vagrants to do it for you. The Graveyard Trifecta! This $5 treat is served from 2-10am and provides the patron with a glass of Ass Juice, a can of Shlitz and a Slim Jim. Ass Juice. "Outta Our Ass, Into Your Glass" This concoction is comprised of about 10 various liquors which appear to be chosen at random. These are poured into a 1.5L wine bottle to the half way mark and the rest is filled with sprite. Although the name is not flattering, it's pretty tasty! Bacon Martini. So you like Vodka and you like Bacon, right? Yeah, me too, that's all there is too it. It comes from a bottle of vodka with 4-5 pieces of bacon in it. It's fantastic. I now make my own Bacon Vodka at home! Soooo, what else? 70's porn on the televisions, crooked pool tables, a photo booth, loud crazy bands, a snack machine, transvestites to your left and business men to your right....the list goes on, you're just going to have to see for yourself!! You won't be disappointed!
4	Great place to go off the Vegas Strip. We loved the music, they had 4 bands play, each played 5 songs each. We had to try all the house specials. The Ass Juice was pretty good considering its a high octane jungle juice, the cans of Olympia beer took me back to a time of drinking for the first time, and the Bacon Martini, well we wont go there again. We had to have a large plate of bacon the next morning just to like it again.The downsides, are its a very very smokey place. You are an ashtray at the end of the evening. Also watch out for the local working girls that are on the make.
5	The double Down is the ONLY bar in the entire city of Las Vegas that I totally endourse. Cheap drinks, video blackjack, good touring and local bands, how could you go wrong? Screw all that casino crapola. This is where it's at!
4	Well, all I can say is I have never been kicked out for being a drunk ass here. Other than that, Grant is awesome! So is Ryan his brother! The ass juice is great. Just don't wear anything you don't want to stink like an ashtray for awhile. You can wash your clothes a few times after coming here and they will still smell like an ashtray. I still like it here though. I don't know why, nostalgia of my youth I suppose. You can lapdance chairs too after all the people leave and the sun is coming out.
5	No cover, strong drinks, fun atmosphere. Open 24/7. Mainly good bands. Awesome jukebox. Video poker... no cover charge! the place is small and it gets pretty packed. I've been in there with and without a band playing and without one the place is cozy enough... with a show on, standing-room-only becomes close-knit, shoulder-to-shoulder contact. Shenanigans: I slipped my fiancee that bacon martini. He didn't eat bacon for a year after that.
4	Great place nothing more to say. Best dive bar anywhere. So the next time you are in Vegas and want to just go and have cheap drinks and relax for a bit before you head out for the evening the DDS is the place to do it. They have shows on most nights I just happened to catch The Dead Beat Sinners from Oxnard and some amazing Japanese R-n-R band that had the crowd moving. DBS did two amazing sets that night and let me tell you watching Ruben play his bass made my night after MotorHead Canceled at the House of blues.
4	As far as dive bars go, this place lived up to its reputation. Upon entering (if during the day) you'll need to stop and let your eyes adjust to the darkness. We were there on a weekday around 3:00 in the afternoon. The bartender was a good guy with a lot of patience. He needed it to deal with the various obnoxious drunk f*cks at the bar. Most of the patrons were friendly but there were a couple of them that just kept yelling drunken insults back and forth across the bar in a language that only they could understand. The bartender told the two shut up and drink their beers on a number of occasions. They were able to comply for a matter of seconds.Aside from this and one drunk patron who tried to grope my wife, this was a fun place. Sex Pistols playing on the jukebox, accompanied by videos on the TV's that are literally indescribable (but funny, sick and disturbing all at the same time). What more could you ask for? As recommended, I tried the "Ass Juice" and was coaxed into trying a bacon martini, against my better judgment. I'll tell you, that was one tasty martini. It was simply some quality vodka infused with a few pieces of cooked bacon. It wasn't greasy as described by some other Yelpers, but was simply delicious mmm... bacony goodness.In speaking with one of the employees, this place gets some seriously good live bands. If you're in Vegas and are sick of the strip, this is an excellent diversion.
4	I swear the record player came to a screetching halt ... sssscrraatch, as we walked into this place, just in time for breakfast (hey, they have hot dogs and slim jims). I had to first adjust my eyes to the blinding darkness, and make sure we weren't gonna get our asses kicked and told "yer not from 'round these parts, are ya?". Although, at this time of day, the place was sparsely filled with definite regulars getting their drink and gamble on, the bartender was nice enough to us strangers. This really seems like the kind of place where the regulars go in the day, and everyone else is welcome at night. Where most people wouldn't know any of the selections on the juke box, therefore they give up, as to not piss off the regulars. Where you can get any drink from a bacon martini, to ass juice, to a graveyard trifecta... consisting of a can of Schlitz, ass juice and a slim jim for $5 (only from 2am to 10am)...so, we just missed breakfast.
4	Out on the town on a Friday night, my friend & I were looking for a good time.  Not ready to shell out big time bucks for a night on the strip again, she offered to take me to a "dive bar" after stopping by the Peppermill and I was definitely Down.When we walked in around 11 p.m., the place was packed.  Great crowd inside, if you are into the punk scene and laid back vibe, which I most certainly am.  The Apocalyptics were on stage, and they were insane.  I loved there vibe.  They were intoxicating and fun to watch, as they put their ALL into their performance.  A crazy regular, I assume, was mashing all over the place and ended up taking someone else down with him.  Poor girl. The drinks are pretty cheap.  I must highly recommend the house "ass juice" - cheap and sweet.  And leaves you buzzed.  A must try if you happen to follow my advice and check out this spot.  Not to mention, the bartenders are cool and quick to get you your next drink.One gripe, the ladies bathroom door does not lock easily, so be prepared to have a fight for your privacy or have the door open on you mid-stream (as it did to me).  Bathroom decor was crazy cool, by the way.So, the next time you are on a quest for a uber cool dive bar, I highly recommend stopping by the Double Down and having a great time.  You won't regret it.
5	# 1 punk dive bar in America. Chock full of tattooed freaks, I have never felt more at home so far from home. Amazing juke box, and la piece de resistance: A Jeffrey Lee Pierce/Gun Club mural on the wall, I'm a Gun Club FREAK. Being there reignited my fantasy of winning the Super Lotto just so I could buy a place in Vegas within stumbling distance from this place. Forget gambling, I wouldn't hesitate to make a special trip to Vegas just to party at the Double Down, it just kicks ass.
5	This is the only place I go when I'm out for a drink and real down time. I'm an executive in the office and a Harley riding beer drinking hell raiser on my 1 day off. You will see every type of person in this bar and hear the best dive bar music. The Slots are loose and will pay if your stay on them its just hard to leave when you win! Ryan, Melo, Chris, Scotty and Ian are the greatest guys around and are my best friends (bartenders)! Moss the owner comes in and hangs out so this is a real hands on type of joint. Celebrity's come in but dont get special treatment they even get a little hazed by the regulars. "Double Down Saloon is a Great Fucking place a must for out of townees looking for the REAL VEGAS!"Pappas
5	I still have dreams about bacon martinis thanks to the Double Down. PS, don't try making one at home!Great for late night drinks and cool people. The ass juice is somewhat like jungle juice from college, but kicked up a notch. Am guessing the name has something to do with the fact that it kicks you in the ass...and you feel like ass the next day :)Can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas!
5	I'm originally from Seattle and this is the only place in Vegas that reminds me of home.  You have to be a true music lover to really appreciate this place.  If you are into the trendy Eurotrash club scene (all over the strip) you may feel out of place in your "shiny shirt & sunglasses at night" (aka douchebag attire) here.  Don't get me wrong...The Double Down doesn't discriminate and welcomes all.  I've shown up in a suit & tie after work as well as jeans and a t-shirt at 4am.  I guess I'm saying closed minded, prissy, uptight folks with elitist attitudes are the ones who will have a bad time here.  It's not the place...it's the mindset.  If you are expecting the "glitz & glamor" of Vegas, you won't find it here and will be disappointed.  However, If you are looking to escape the typical Vegas crowds, want to hear the best jukebox in town, like live loud music and want to get your drink on, this is it!My only real complaints would be that it can become a smoke pit for us non smokers but that is an issue ANYWHERE in Vegas.  Also, I've been told that the bathrooms are "scary" from females.  Glad I pee standing up!Ian, Ryan & Mello are the best bartenders in town!*Edit*This is one of the few places I miss after moving out of Vegas.  Hey Moss, you've opened up in NYC...may I suggest a Double Down Seattle?
5	Love this place! As close to being home away from home at a bar! Best bar in Vegas hands down for a wild night of drinking and good music. The casinos are cool and all but get old really quickly if you are not super into gambling and seriously, the high priced ritzy clubs just don't do it for me.Cool, eclectic mix of people, great music. Only complaint, if you don't smoke you may get lung cancer just from breathing in this place! It tends to be one big smoke cloud. If you don't mind the smoke then definitely check this place out. Last time we were there we met some great locals and had an awesome time. We will definitely be back next time we are visiting!
5	this is HOME!
2	SHEESH...I guess if you arent familar with a "dive bar" this would fit in your description. It is more like uh..TGIF Fridays of dive bars. Theres random stuff on the walls, enough coke(not pepsi) residue in the bathroom to keep the party goin, graffitti and stickers everywhere. BUT hey they also have soap, toliet paper, and paper towels. not to mention an actual ladies bathroom with a lock. Usually a true dive bar will have one maybe two but not all four. That is a TGIF my friends. I regress, I have lived in Vegas for many years and have been going there since before I was legally allowed, and also met my exhusband there. I have seen it when it was an actual dive bar and they had the mechanial horse that you had to be both female and topless to ride and miget porn on the tvs and bras hanging from the rafters. thats a dive bar! now, its like a dive bar with training wheels. Picture booth? come on! IF you remember yr stay at a dive bar, you aint doin it right, ass juice or not.
4	Even if I don't go here enough, I love the fact that this place exists. I cut my teeth on lousy crappy pathetic punk rock bars, and this one fits the bill perfectly. If they booked amazing bands regularly I'd live here. Well, if they booked amazing bands and I didn't know a bartender at Wasted Space (the chain store version of the Double Down) at Hard Rock who liquored me for free...
5	This is the best dive in Vegas.  There is always free music, the place is...eclectic to say the least.  If you're into the punk scene, you'll love it.
5	It's a dive bar written by Hunter S. thompson and illustrated by Stanley Mouse. How can you not love a place that offers "ass Juice" that has the only requirement "it has to taste good but look like shit". Excellent.
4	drunk as i type this...had an awesome time, loved the atmosphere, loved the juke box and pool tables. had a bacon martini and was not disappointed. was told several times that the bacon was cooked before it was put in the martini and I enjoyed it but my friends gagged on it.really had an awesome time and will go back....just need to sleep it off for a few days first.....
5	A bar the way a bar should be.Quite unfortunately, I don't live in Las Vegas... I had contemplated moving there just so I could hang out at the Double Down more often.Drinks are .... drinks.. I'm a guy who enjoys beer so that's pretty much the same anywhere, right? Unless you're in Europe or something, I guess. Prices are right-on..The music selection, whether DJ'd, juke box'd or live is typically ace.. usually you will find terrible movies playing on the video screens. Yup... my favorite place in Las Vegas.
5	How can you not love a place the second you walk in the door it says "the happiest place on earth"? It's loud, it's dark, it's covered in graffiti, and has strange old films playing.   Every bar wishes it could be as cool as the Double D.   I have been coming here for years. When I lived in Vegas we would bar hop on weekends trying new places. But every time we have enough of the crappy pop music and the plastic barbie dolls grinding each other so we would always finish our night at the DD to forget about the rest.  Now whenever I come back home this is the first bar I go.  Why mess with the others go straight to the best? I have about 100 stories that start with "remember that night we went to the DD..."My recommendation I don't care how much you had to drink the ass juice is NEVER a good idea!!  I speak from experience there take my advise!  Everything else from the bar is a win!!  If you want to hang out with all the cool kids in Vegas this is the place to go.
4	Anthony Bourdain, now I know why you love this place. Too bad for me that I'm not white like every person in this bar. 3 little Asian girls and 1 Asian guy.. yeah we kind of got some stares. I've come to the conclusion that all the Asians go clubbing on the Strip and never venture out to the real bars in Las Vegas. Double Down is a real bar with some silly drinks. I of course had to try the Ass Juice and bacon martini Hey, the Ass Juice wasn't that bad! It kind of tasted like stale Skittles or like old apple juice almost. I guess that doesn't sound so great when described... but when you're trying a drink named Ass Juice, it tastes a shit tons better than it sounds. The bacon martini on the other hand... that was a doozy. I could feel my stomach quiver a bit when the awesome bartender pulled out a bottle of vodka with strips of bacon inside and topped with a nice layer of bacon fat. It tastes just like it sounds: vodka with a touch of bacon. And fat. Don't forget the fat! Great music, great atmosphere, cool bartenders, cool people. You can't ask for more. Except don't be fooled by the sign that reads "$5 ass juice, 2/$9!" If you don't get it... you really need to take a math class!
5	Once of the better dive bars I have been to.
5	Things you can expect to find at Double Down:1. Dirty Pool tables2. Lots of graffiti on walls3. Bathrooms with barely locking doors4. Live music (solid bookings as well)5. The best jukebox if you like punk 6. The coolest bartenders in town (Mellow and Ryan are AWESOME)7. Obscure videos on assorted televisions displaying random clips usually violent and/or sexual in nature.  Some as animation just to keep it light. 8. Strippers (typically ones who have just been fired)9. Crazed Vietnam vets who like to verbally assault young women10. Terrified tourists11. Yuppies12. Rock a Billy'sStay away if you seek:1. Table service2. VIP3. Top Shelf mixology inspired fusion cocktails of any sort other than ASS JUICE for 2.00 a shot or a Bacon Martini.  4. Cutesy bimbos wearing Charlotte Russe tent dresses to score with5. Valet6. Respect for your posse.  Nobody cares.  I miss it already.
5	If you can't stand stale cigarette smoke, are grossed out by dirty bathrooms, dislike noisy music and even noisier people; leave, because the Double Down does not apologize and does not accommodate whiners. This is the type of bar that locals buzz about and you have to at least visit once to understand what everyone is talking about. Once you stumble past the uneven stone patio and burly bouncers, you've walked into a movie set where amazing (and sometimes awful) things happen. Walls are covered floor-to-ceiling in offensive art and random taggings, the lighting is perfect if you've been on a three-day bender, and when the band is wailing you can't hear yourself think. The atmosphere, despite its rough appearance, has always been welcoming and dare I say.. whimsical?  If you're not in the mood to be yelling into the ear of the person next to you just to have a conversation, you may want to come here during their happy hour.. or Tuesday nights for Punk Rock Bingo! Prizes include melted CD's, ash trays, broken toys, etc. Things to love about the Double Down: Ass Juice (1 for $4 or 2 for $9!)The best punk rock jukebox in townVintage pornGreat conversation with localsPuke insuranceThings to avoid about the Double Down:Their bathroomsBacon martinisShitty parking lots
5	Cool place!  Bacon martini gross! I would write more in detail if I could remember then such details..
5	Great bar. Great music. Pinball! Photo booth! lots of locals. As any bacon lover would do I took one for the team and indulged in the bacon martini only to realize bacon is best left as a solid :) While neither of us tried it... we did find out what exactly ass juice is and I will be sure to steer clear of it! Decent drink prices.
5	Ass Juice is not as bad as it sounds, so if you're doing the tourist thing with friends visiting, or locals, then having a shot of AJ is a "must do" for your agenda.  It establishes an impregnable bonding moment that will resonate for years to come.  One of my friends took her very conservative entourage, including 4 bosses to the DD and months later, when she transferred from LV to their LA office, the first thing that was asked of her by a couple of peers was, "are you the Ass Juice Girl?".  Day one!  It's a "dive bar" with chutzpah.  Great juke box, Live music from local garage bands that Rock...lots of Chick Bands...I love ladies that ROCK!  Did I put that in my profile that I love ladies that rock? It's not Tryst, you can dress up if you like, but comfort is key.  You can dress up, no one will care, or you can wear shorts, T and flip flops, and you're still all good.  Also, remember, non smokers, this is a bar and a lot of people smoke here.  There is no food at the Double D.  I am not a regular, I've only been here twice; Once in 2003 and the second time in 2/10 but each time was memorable and I wish I had more time to hang and listen the the bands.  If I had to describe the Double Down in one word it would be "Eclectic".The Staff is fun, great to talk to, unpretentious and have a firm grasp on who they are and the role the DD assumes in the Vegas party scene.
4	I take friends & tourists here who have never been exposed to this kind of scene. I like PR music and the DD but too much of a good thing is never too good. My shadow crosses their doorway a couple of times a year and that's usually enough for me.
5	This place was better than expected. A real dive bar but has great atmosphere and aura. Bartenders were attentive and the genorous. The band (can't remember the name) was loud but created a great vibe.You must order the 'Ass Juice' and find out why they call it that. Didn't try the Bacon Martini but maybe next time.When I left the bar, shit-faced, I took a cab home.
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas.  I believe it's open 24 hours with live music Monday-Saturday (never a cover charge).  It's a dingy punk rock bar with great bartenders, friendly locals, and reasonable prices.  If you enjoy live music and rock-n-roll bars, this place is awesome.  If your more of a Chili's/Applebee's happy hour type person, skip this place cause it might scare you.
5	if you like punk rock, or punk rock clubs this place is awesome and you'll have fun. I played here Saturday night and they treated us very well. Everyone was supportive of all the bands and the place was packed.
3	Bacon Martini is actually drinkable although one is more than enough!  If you look up "Dive Bar" in Websters this place shows up!  Drinks are cheap, 12 oz Shlitz, shot of ass juice, and a slim jim is only $5.Juke box was filled with music that I did not recognize however I am not a punk rocker.  Pool tables are only $.50 but bring your own cue and chalk.I would go back after bathing in bleach and getting a tetanus shot.
5	Where do I begin...After 2 long days of torturing myself walking the strip in my t-shirt and flip flops amongst the club going skanks and guidos, I make it a point to head over to the Double Down.  Upon my arrival I am a bit intimidated, but really... I've seen my fair share of punkrockness in my time, so f**k it, we're going in.  Street Dogs on the jukebox, awesome!!!!  The jukebox is the best!!  Loaded with free credits, amazing music selection...psychobilly, rockabilly, punkrock, metal goodness. If it's good, it's in there. The house specialty ass juice was delish!!!  I highly recommend it despite the name.  Cheap drinks, photo booth, amazing art everywhere.  Not to be missed, I assure you.  Our bartender was a true delight.  He chatted it up with us, offered to take a ton of pics for us and had great recommendations of other local sights.  I am dying to go back to see a band play there since we went during the day time we missed out.  LOVE LOVE LOVE Double Down...I got told to f**k off and was called a b*tch by a regular drunken old man and I loved every minute of it as he smiled and held my hand while he told me this.  God Bless America and God Bless the "happiest place on earth" Double Down Saloon!!
4	Remember....You can take the boy out of the white trash, but you cant take the trash out of the boy.Dive bars are what makes the nickle spin.Cool spot off the strip known for the bacon martini.Wasnt bad, needs to be chased with a beer.And the bottom will make the best woman have a gag reflex....I say drive if you can, or if weather is ok its a 20 minute walk. $10 by cab from the strip.
4	After watching Samantha Brown's Weekend Getaway and watching her try the infamous Bacon Martini, I just had to check this place out.A true dive bar, indeed. We got there early in the afternoon, so it was pretty empty. Regardless, the local customers were friendly and was eager to see the expression on my face when I drank the Bacon Martini.The Bacon Martini....oh. how can I describe it??? Check out my picture of the bottle. Its cheap vodka with bacon sitting at the bottom of the bottle. The first taste was a strong taste of vodka and a hint of bacon. Not bad......but unusual. FYI: Drink it fast or mix it because all that bacon settles at the bottom and it tastes like you're drinking bacon fat.Wanted to try to Ass Juice, but was already too buzzed. I would like to make another visit when its busier, I have a feeling the crowd would be interesting.
3	As far as dive bars go, this place is pretty solid, it's a little dark, and drinks are fairly cheap.My biggest complaint was the vibe, the place seemed to have a solid group of hardcore regulars, and I got the feeling that I was crashing their party (and I obviously missed the memo about a fedora, tatoos, obscure band T, or the at least 2 other Hipster DB clothing items minimum). The bartenders can be a little brash, which isn't a big deal to me but can turn some people off.I did have the Bacon Martini, it was surprisingly good, but the congealed bacon fat leaves an odd mouth feel, and the next morning my mouth felt like I had smoked a strip of bacon.I'll bring friends if they want to go, but I'm not going out of my way to go the "happiest place on earth"
5	Oh Double Down Saloon, thank you for coming to the rescue on Saturday night...Maybe it's more like Sunday morning.  Having been kicked out of Rain at around 1:30 in the morning and being hopped up on a whole lot of Red Bull vodkas, my friend and facilitator, Monica D. and I decided that the best course of action would be to get another drink.  Well, having come from a swanky club, I guess it was the logical progression to come to this wonderfully divey bar.  At least the likelihood of us getting kicked out for being too drunk from a place like this was pretty much slim to none.  Double Down Saloon truly is a dive bar in every sense.  It's dark and dingy and very possibly the scene of some sort of crime(s), possibly assault, murder, arson, etc.   Also like most dive bars, they pour some nice stiff drinks and it is pretty no non-sense.  You come here to drink and listen to some live music.  I suppose you can shoot pool but do so at your own risk.  These are probably some of the grimiest tables I've ever seen and I was in a fraternity - with all sorts of stains from god knows what (I'm not ruling out the possibility that it is bodily fluids).  But despite all it's filth, the tables aren't in too shabby of shape, definitely playable and the balls stay somewhat in line.  I really like the Double Down Saloon and will definitely be coming back here again.  If only there were a place like this down here in the OC I'd be all over that like a prison inmate on Lindsey Lohan.Oh, and did I mention that this place was featured on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations"?  Yup.  Definitely raises the coolness factor in my book.
5	Amazing!!! All you need to know!!!!!
4	Great locals dive bar. Stiff drinks. Lots of loud live music. And you never know what your gonna walk into or sit next to. There will be a biker next to a businessman in a suit and tie next to a tranny. And you must have a shot of ass juice.
5	It may be Tryst or Pure or whatever "Sexy name" club on the strip for you during your Vegas trips, but for for a dive barrin' gal like myself, it's the Double Down. ...well at least it is from now on.Always expecting dives to be at list a smidge too hot and muggy, I was pleasantly surprised by a blast of cool A/C when I walked in and remembered that A/C is an absolute must everywhere in Vegas - even in dive bars. And it is a dive. Through and through and through... although with surprisingly clean floors. In fact, after reading about the Double Down and having knowledge of a drink called "Ass Juice," I was actually surprised at just how clean the Double Down was. DOn't get me wrong, it's not pristine, but they keep it in pretty good shape. Must be due to all that puke insurance they offer."Puke insurance?" you ask. Yes, puke insurance. For a mere $20, my friend - if you puke, you are not responsible for cleaning it up. Somehow I don't think this is offered on my AAA policy. Now, on to the (in)famous drinks. The Double Down falls under my philosophy of "Just because it's the 'original' doesn't make it the best." And that's sadly how I felt about the "original" bacon martini. It wasn't that bacon-y... but at least it was super vodka-y, so you get your $6 worth. The ass juice... well, I was thinking of it wrong. When I hear "ass juice," before you're even finished saying the words, I'm already grossed out. So I was expecting something pickley and briney and gross... turns out it's a girly drink with peach schnapps in it. I've decided that it's gotta be called ass juice, as in "Dude, I'm going to get so much ass with this juice."Strong drinks, ridiculous names for drinks, puke insurance, semi-surly barkeeps... all things for a strong 4-star dive. What bumps 'em on up to 5? Pinball. Not just any pinball - the Playboy Pinball machine. One of my faves. I was bummed that the flippers didn't quite work all the time, but I'll take what I can get... plus they had a photobooth and pool to add to the mix too.Next time I've been wiped out at the Blackjack tables in Vegas, you'll know where to find me.
5	Somewhat off the beaten path, semi-run-down, divey, neighbourhood pub... it is perfect. We popped in for a quick drink last Saturday afternoon and were immediately accepted into the family. I'll assume it gets pretty rowdy at night with 3-5 bands playing in a place the size of a TCBY. Last but not least: take my advice and forgo the Bacon Martini, despite it's TV fame it is just plain nasty.
5	OMG I love this place. A friend took me to this place a long time ago. I didn't have Ass juice or the Bacon Martini but I rode the pony and came home smelling like a dirty ashtray. Ah! Reminds me of when I was  young whipper snapper... I will be here the week of Sept 20 for a bike show!
5	Hands down the best dive bar I've ever graced with my presence.After a classy night in Vegas (limo to dinner at Aria, clubbing at Pure, drinks back in the hotel room at Hard Rock), it was 2am and time to get really dirty.First off, don't let the name of their signature shot scare you or anyone in your party. Ass Juice shots are more about how quickly you'll be on your ass before you even know it. The shot is actually quite sweet; akin to something typically deemed "girly".Second, try the bacon martini just for shits and giggles. I only took one sip of that vile stuff. You might say I wasted $6 on it, but I'm glad I tried it just to say I have. (In case you don't know, I'll do anything at least once.)In my inebriated state, I do recall the bathroom being quite "clean" for a dive bar. Although the door to the men's bathroom was missing a lock and door knob.Bonus points for:- Girls with tattoos (my weakness)- Heavy metal/punk band blowing the speakers out- Random strangers asking to make out- Girls with tattoos (did I already mention that?)
4	I have been to the DD many times. They host the annual Derby Wedding during RollerCon which is truly a sight to behold!I love that they have pool tables and typical garage type bands here.It can get very loud and very crowded but that just makes it that much more fun!Never tried the bacon martini but have tried the ass juice and its tastes like it sounds..but its their trademark so you gotta indulge. It wont kill ya but you will feel as if your dying.Check out the girls bathroom..a huge mural dedicated to the derby girls..love that!Cheap drinks, music,pool tables! Love that the most!
5	Been reviewed a jillion times. Nothing to add, except that the Ass Juice is nasty.. I like to pick up people at the airport, and take them straight to the DD, just for shock value. Last time I did that was with my boy Tommy, who was suitably impressed.
5	I found this place my second night in Vegas and spent every night thereafter in that bar till 7am. 50 cents for pool? Can't go wrong. i managed to win a good chunk of change playing pool there when I was almost broke. Bartenders were nice and talked us up. "You Puke, You Clean" policy. "Shut Up and Drink" painted on the wall in huge letters. Great live punk bands a few nights a week. The Apocalyptics, Battle Born, and Seasons of Nightmares stuck out the most. The Jukebox is always cranking out great punk when the bands aren't. Can't wait to visit this place again next summer.
4	Awesome dive bar. It is what it is - if you're seeking fancy Vegas stuff, this is not the place for you. If you want to check out a little punk rock bar off the beaten path, then I recommend stopping in for some beers & checking out some bands if anyone is playing! Open 24 hours. They have some video slot machines. They also sell cigarettes, and "ass juice", which is suprisingly delicious!
4	Football Sundays with Scotty!  Hell yeah!
4	The Double Down has more personality than most bars in town, and most people notice that when they come here.  Whether you like the personality is the point in question, but to me, it doesn't matter.  Will I go to the Double Down everyday?  No, but that's simply because it's not my style.  But I appreciate and respect what the Double Down is, and I always have a great time when I go there.  Many nights there are live punk rock bands playing, and even though it's not my thing, once again, I have fun because it's what the Double Down personality is.  You know how we all have that one friend that no one really likes, but you still put up with them because they are fun.  That's the Double Down, to me.  Sure, it's dirty, seedy, and even smelly at times, but the drinks are cheap (and stiff), and the crowd is always fun and interesting (to say the least).  So whether you like the place or not, it's a Vegas institution, and it's worth giving it another try with an open mind if you didn't like it.
4	We decided to go here due to our love for dive bars and to all the yelpers out there that say this is the best one in Vegas. We loved it!!We walk in the bartender gets our eye, what'll you have he says? We weren't sure at the time, he promptly hands us four PBR's and 4 shots of ass juice. Man tha shit will save and kill you all at one time. He also helped me rediscover my long lost love for PBR. And I thank you for it It became our fall back bar for the week. Unfortunately we only needed it once, Saturday night. It was fun but I'm to old to be out that late and it was a bit to loud. No worries we still will make that a stop on the list with in-n-out.Oh, the jurry is still out on the bacon martini. A bit on the fatty and congealed side.Oh and the girls in our group are trying to find out who Jarrett is?
2	This place is a dive bar for the people that love a REAL dive. Many of the patrons are questionably high... the bathrooms are gross. Sadly it's one of the better venues for punk music so I'm sure I will be there again.
5	No visit to Vegas is complete without a stop at the self-proclaimed Happiest Place on Earth, which is why whenever I pick a friend up at McCarran, the Double Down Saloon is the first place we go.It's not for the squeamish, who may recoil from the "worst toilet in Scotland" style bathroom, the pool table that recalls The Accused or the fact that the televisions are usually playing something disturbing, whether it's hentai, grindhouse gore or some other pulpy shock fodder.It's also not for the literally queasy, who may run afoul of the bar's "you puke, you clean" policy. It's the sort of bizarro Vegas hideaway where you'd expect to find modern-day Hunter S. Thompsons lurking.The signature drinks here are the Bacon Martini, which isn't anywhere near as bad as it sounds, and the Ass Juice, which varies from batch to batch but is always deceptively strong and sticky sweet.The bartenders have always made me feel right at home, even on those days I've gone to the punk-rock dive bar straight from work in a suit and tie. It's definitely a different place from day to night; after dark it transitions from introspective acid trip to debauched mob scene.The jukebox here is legendary. There's free live music every night, but the venue's sound system is stretched pretty thin, so it can be hard to stick around for too long at times. They have video poker *and* pinball, meaning the place really is fun for the whole family. (Note: do not bring your children to the Double Down. Or your parents, for that matter.)
5	This is one of the coolest places in Vegas, mostly because it's a dive bar that doesn't fit in with the rest of the town's slick and cheesy feel. This is down and dirty off-Strip rock n roll dive bar with a killer jukebox, appropriately beat-up pool tables, and "ass juice" shots (which are always made from a different, secret group of ingredients and come out looking as disgusting as the name implies but go down smooth) make this a must visit Vegas spot. Other people can have the "hip" nightclubs with their long lines, pretentious bouncers, and Ed Hardy-wearing d-bags. I'll take the Double Down over that any day of the week.
4	ass juice.
5	i second what everyone else said that's good about this place. the more dive-y the better. this has got it. and it's got it right.
5	This place is great! I don't know what they put in those ass juice shots but they aren't wrong with the "happiest place on earth" sign out front! Also for only $3 you can pile your friends in a photo booth by the bar to get some memories of the evening.
5	Business travel frequently leads me to Vegas, a city I can pretty much do without.  Everything about the city is fake.  Or so I thought until I found the Double Down.  Real.  Dirty.  Dive Bar.If you have every been to Mac's Club Deuce in South Beach, then you know what a gem like this can be when trying to escape the insanity...P.S. Scotty rules.
5	I've been debating how to start my review to this wonderful spot.. Probably by saying a massive THANK You to TRAVIS H for advising me to check this place out. So Thanks Travis... And no, I didn't try the Bacon Martini.. Got to keep it Kosher... PFF! I just spent Turkey Day weekend in Vegas. I was a part of a large group of friends, which mostly were into the whole club scene... I actually went into a club on Friday and within 30 minutes I was desperately bored and thought I'm gonna have a horrid weekend. My new friend Miguel turned out to be as frustrated as I was so we decided to find this place. Short drive from 'the strip' and here we are.. The Happiest Place On Earth. Getting out of the cab, we were embraced with the sound of a live band... Inside we found, what I can only describe as THE diviest (Oh yee dive bars are the best..), grungiest bar I've even been too. Decorated with a ton of obscure art work, band posters etc etc... Really reminded me of the small dingy bard in London... The staff here are super cool... Great attitude; SHUT UP and DRINK!!! Ohh ye... Cheap drinks, great music, beautiful crowd.... I'm really impressed by this place and definitely can say that it's one of my all time favorite place in the US... REALLY wish that it had an LA location... :/ I was here both Friday and Saturday night and had an amazing night... I now actually have a reason to (happily) go to Vegas again.... Cheers :)
4	Why is it that every time I end up at this hole-in-the-wall, hard-core, alt rock bar/saloon, I'm dressed like a lollipop?  I'm definitely no alt rock chick but, still... lol  Oh well, I guess it's just the kinda place that we end up at instead of making a destination and dressing for.  Hole-in-the-wallCool bartender w/ stiff drinksCrazy bands/people/spray painted wallThis is as good as it gets if you wanna find a spike-wearing, porn playing, screaming band kinda bar.See ya there!
3	THEE JUKEBOX!!!....but I think I have lung cancer now
4	Best dive bar in Las Vegas! A Sin City institution since 1992.I have to recommend the Ass Juice shots, and you can even get the Ass Juice & PBR special during selected hours.For the more adventurous among you, try the Bacon Martini, which I've done once and probably won't ever again. It's definitely not for the weak of heart.And there's something going on every night, from local bands and DJ's to special events, for which there's never a cover charge. This ain't some overpriced, antiseptic nightclub. This is a seedy-but-friendly bar where everyone is welcome. The crowd is usually on the scruffy side, but I've seen all kinds hanging out and having fun.
5	My favorite bar when I visit Las Vegas!Yes it is located on "The Fruit Loop", but no, it is NOT a gay bar.Yes it is a dive bar.Yes it is dirty.ANID I LOVE IT!!!If you are disturbed by punk rock, strange, trashy videos being shown on the numerous tv sets, and the house drinks of Ass Juice and Bacon Martinis, then maybe your lame ass should stay at Applebees.
5	My favorite spot in Vegas maybe my favorite bar period.The Double Down is an awesome bar, I wish I could transplant it along with the people that frequent and bring to LA. Way cooler that the Burgundy Room in Hollywood.Try there Bacon Martini and thier Punk Rock Bingo Night to watch others get humiliated and be humilated your self.
5	I don't remember most of the nights I've spent here over the last 10 years... all I can really say is that a trip to Vegas isn't  really a trip to Vegas unless it involves at least one drunken black out courtesy of the Double Down. Oh and guess what? The DD has been doing bacon martinis looooong before hipsters made All Things Bacon part of their Hipster Repertoire.My steady is always Vodka with Something. It doesn't really matter what the "Something" is because I'm not gonna taste it anyway. That's how stiff the drinks are. It hasn't changed much... though they did get rid of the couches I was always afraid to sit on for fear a syringe would crawl out and poke me in the ass. Oh hai, Hep C!In all seriousness... I love the DD... always have and always will. It's a mostly locals Vegas bar where you can always count on the drinks being stiff, service being fast, seeing a coupla trannies that are better dressed that you, and hearing awesome music by way of the jukebox or live right there in front of you. Viva la DD.
3	I can't really give this place a good review (as of today) because when I came here it was dead! But then again it was also the day after Christmas and it was around 11 PM.  Anyway, I'll say this:This bar reminds me of Alex's Bar back home in Long Beach: http://www.yelp.com/biz/alexs-bar-long-beach. Except, Double Down is like Alex's younger, 19 year old, messy, punk-rock brother who hasn't showered in like a month. That's the best way to describe this bar...Hopefully I'll have another Vegas adventure where I'll experience the true (say the next three words in a deep, manly voice) DOUBLE DOWN SALOON! Oh, and the photo booth is $3.
5	I am really happy to see that Vegas has a punk bar. When you get a little sick of the strip,check out the Double Down. It isn't a very far off Las Vegas Blvd and is totally worth the detour. You can't go wrong with one of the best happy hours ever. Anything in the bar for just two bucks! Score! It was certainly a welcomed change from my fourteen dollar Jack and Coke at the Wynn. As to take in a cocktail you won't be bored. The DD has plenty to look at and on various nights they have live music. They also have a jukebox. The service was friendly and I have to say that although I am not a fan of meet in my booze, the bacon martini they offer is interesting to say the least. The DD is on my list of Vegas stops for life!
3	Sometimes what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Other times, you post it in a review on Yelp. I visited the Double Door on two occasions while in Vegas many, many years ago. The first time was at about 6 or 7 am after spending the entire night at a strip club for a friend's birthday. Went to the bar with a few friends and a stripper one of them was dragging around. It was kind of quiet, being early morning and all. We played some pool and some jams on the jukebox, which featured some great stuff, before returning back to our room.Later that night, we returned after having stayed up all day consuming more beverages. If yelp reviews were anonymous, I could tell you more about what happened, but suffice it to say that I was kicked out within ten minutes of arriving, the bartender telling my friends "you guys can stay, but that dude has to go."
2	Bacon Martini starts off salty then gets disgusting after a couple of sips,  excuse me while I wash my mouth down with soap after that disgusting after taste.Fact:Bacon makes "most" food taste good...with the exception of alcohol. After this I passed up the ass juice...
5	I'm from Florida and make sure I visit the DD every time I come to Vegas. Love the music and the ass juice. One of the few places you can get a good drink that isn't overpriced. Like that they never charge a cover either.Overall, this place is awesome. Beware of the bacon martini though.
5	Great place to go if you want a different vegas feel.  The DD is always pretty happening and even when it's dead it's a good time. Vegas definitely needs some more bars like this.
4	Schlitz, Bacon Martini, Ass juice, twinkies, and slim jims.  What do all these have in common?   They're all awesome and can be found under one roof  here at the Double Down Saloon.   No VIP bullsh*t, no waiting in line to get in.   Just good folks, listening to good music, drinking good cheap drinks.   While idiots are spending $375 plus per bottle at "da clubs", you could be getting completely blasted here with $30 easily!!!!!!Oh yea, one of the best jukeboxes in town!!!!
5	Only two things to know:1) Greatest jukebox in the world.2) PBR on tap.
5	The most fun yet chill bar I have ever been to. The best part is going Thursday through Saturday day (10am-6pm) to see Ian for one of his famous bacon bloody marys....or saying hey to Ryan on swing/grave shift. I always love coming here with my man for a beer, good conversation and sometimes....fantastic people watching.
3	Something a little different from the Vegas norm.Place stank of cigarettes, sin, and regret. Not many places around where you could get ass juice and a twinke for $5. The decor is just random madness put together with stickers to top it off. Cool place to check out once or twice but other than that it will get old quick.
5	There's been so many good things said about this spot in previous reviews, and they're all true. So, we get off a rather long and uncomfortable flight (suddenly it's no longer bad form to recline your seat back? thanks, ass-hat seated in front of me). It's Monday afternoon, 1:30ish local time. Get our rental car, but it seems way too early to get over to The Strip to check in, and we could really use a drink. After seeing the place on No Reservations, it had been on my list of places to maybe visit, but our mood and the time, and the location (right between airport and Strip) dictated we would visit here sooner rather than later. In fact we saw it, drove by it, and went around the block. We were thirsty, so we were stopping here like now.  It's one of those places that is so dark that when you come in on a bright sunny day, you're a little disoriented for a couple seconds. I love that. There was only one other gent at the bar, so Mrs. H. and myself sidled right up and got a warm welcome from Brett the bartender. So, as I understood was customary, we ordered 2 Schlitz and 2 shots of Ass Juice, for a grand total of $4. Yep, all drinks $2 in the afternoon. With the cool conversation with Brett and our new friend down the bar, and the $2 drinks, it would have been so very easy to spend a long time enjoying the comforts of the Double Down, rental car agreement be damned. Damn it, it was just to early in the week to get ourselves in trouble, so we moved along while we still had our wits about us. Definitely go there for a beer, and double down with some Ass Juice. Big thumbs up!
5	My favorite bar in Vegas.
5	I effing love this place! We actually got a tip from our Las Vegas guidebook while we were on vacation to visit this place. It's dark, seedy, graffiti-covered and bad ass. We had bacon martinis, which the bartender told us is simply really good bacon soaked in really cheap vodka, and shots of Ass Juice. Don't let the name fool you, it was delicious. They have a photo booth and pool tables and the best juke box selection I've ever seen. If you like Tattooed Mom's in Philly, you will love this place. Best dive bar I've been to, and we felt right at home when we walked in.
5	this is an old Hell's Angel bar....it's a perfect dive bar!Cheap!!
5	Best Punk Rock bar in Las Vegas!!!To get to know the locals here in Sin City, this is where we hang!!!Tattoo artists, rockabily and punk rockers as well as pin models!!!Punk shows are listed weekly!!!Also SIDE SHOW FREAKS & PUNK ROCK BINGO!!!with Jenn-o-Cide.... ask for "ASS JUICE"  great juke boxevery bartender makes it different!!!
5	It's not for everyone....Actually it's not for MOST. A great majority of you WILL NOT like the Double Down.It is what it is, and makes no qualms about what it is. Most tourists and locals alike will tell you about "the time I went to the double down" like "the time I went skydiving." It was on a To-do list, and they did it, with no need or reason to repeat.For others it's one of the last great tributes to a town, in which, you can get away with almost anything. There are very few dive bars, which can create such a prolific legend with so much hype, and still maintain its impossibly grungy dive roots. In my opinion this place still holds the title, but doesn't get credit it deserves. It's like the band that has blown up and so therefore can no longer be cool because they are now on the radio.You are of course free to order whatever you want when you go, but if you are going just for the sake of saying you did then you must order the combo...A shot of ass juice and a schlitz for $5 and the famous bacon martini for $6. The bacon martini is no joke. It is strips of bacon in a bottle of vodka, and it tastes exactly like it, with a visible oily shine to go with it.There are TV's featuring crazy videos in the back ground, lots of seating, pool table, and numerous murals and paintings in every corner, the content of most resembles what you would get if Picasso and Rob Zombie co-illustrated a comic strip. But here is the kicker...the service is amazing! During the 2 hours I was last there the bartender 3 times replaced our empties without asking as we finished our last sip. My friend pulled a cigarette out, when the bartender, was suddenly standing in front of us, arm extended with a lit lighter in hand. After she lit up, she gave a bemused smile and "Thank you" which received a prompt head nod, then back to the craft. We in no way give off a punk rock vibe and were somewhat dressed up, But in no way did we get the feeling we were out of our element. Let me just say that there are a lot of places in Vegas that could learn a lesson from Double Down.Live music and they never charge a cover. My only negative is that it's very punk rock oriented, which is great for when i'm in the mood for it, or if you are a huge punk fan, but can be a deterrent if I want a wider variety while i'm out.
2	While this bar should appeal to me (given that it seems like a New Orleans dive bar transplanted to Las Vegas) I'm not a big fan. A lot of my friends really enjoy it, but I find myself liking it less every time I go there.
5	go here everytime......
5	Never a dull time at the DD. Never a cover. Favorite night is Tuesday nights. Punk Rock bingo is always a good time.
5	Dirty dive punk rock bar just off the strip. Great jukebox full of punk classics. Playboy pinball machine, interesting punk locals, lots of smells, and cheap drinks. They have a bacon martini, which is amazing. It tastes like cold bacon. Be warned though, it will fuck you up. The best part of this place is seeing people wander in off the strip, take one look around, and walk out. Some feel obligated, to order one drink, nervously sip it, and then leave. You should stare at them.
3	Great place for a tourist to go to in vegas if they want to be able to boast that they hung out in a vegas dive bar. While there is an anything can happen atmosphere here, if you are a vegas local, then you know that town is littered with 100's of scarier, less safe and more depressing dive bars than this. That being said, I have seen a motorcycle in the barroom doing a hole-shot and occassionally theres a fistfight outside. Overall a fun place where bikers, college kids and sunburned tourists saddle up elbow to elbow for drinks and bartop video poker. For scarier and truly interesting dive var crawls head downtown
5	Not for the faint of heart!  But I have never come across a deal such as this: One shot of Ass-Juice (kind of like a Kamikaze), one Schlitz and one Slim Jim beef jerky stick for $5.  I don't know what genius came up with it, but it's pure brilliance (and hits the spot when you are in between buzzes in Vegas).  They also have Twinkie/beer deals.  Need I say more????
5	This was my favorite place to drink in Vegas...went back twice. Bit of background...I'm a mom, 4 bed colonial, white picket fence, from the burbs...I know 'gak'...but me outing myself as a yuppie, and coming to terms with it (shudder) is to let you know that everyone is welcome here. The first night we went to get something to eat, and if that is your goal for the night, grab something before hand...unless your idea of dinner is twinkies and slimjims.  There is also a vending machine which served as our dinner for the evening...boy did hubby get off cheap!  There is a restaurant next door but it was not open. And a bartender from Gillie's told us the men would like my husband more than me there, just an FYIThe a$$ juice that everyone has mentioned is actually quite tasty. Bartender told us it varies by day, depending on what is in stock, what they feel like making, but the base is everclear (?). All drinks in the afternoon were $2...yes, 2.00. I had a beer at the hotel at Toby Keith's...$7! For one beer...that was my one-and-only there. Even had a jager bomb for $2.00!Pics of the bathrooms on here look a  tad scary, but they're really not bad. Just colorful.We met some really wonderful people...Josh/Cookie if you read this...email me, lost your phone #. :-(  There was also some drama, which I love, as long as I am not involved. Appeared to be a pimp and his lady...you have to understand the closest I come to this type of drama is in my living room with my remote control.  Made my husand nervous but I was immersed in the whole thing. Bartender was on it though and quieted things down. When people at the bar heard we were from Boston, they all said 'how the hell did you find us?'. Well, yelpers, I have you to thank for pointing me towards the Double Down Saloon...it was wicked pissah.
5	"The Happiest Place on Earth"I so very much adore this place. While visiting Las Vegas recently, my travel mate took me here and instantly I fell in love. Its a no frill, no bullshit kinda Dive Bar, I suppose. The drinks are good, the service was quick without being careless and the crowd was a great mix of locals and visitors like myself.The vibe here is not like anywhere else I've been in Vegas, which is a breath of fresh air, pretension free, Advice; just go there, be yourself and have a great time. I felt almost instantly appreciated and welcomed when first entering and ordering a drink. Don't go if you're the "I need VIP service" or "This place is dark and loud, and everybody looks like a freak here", those kinds of people probably wouldn't enjoy themselves. I will absolutely be making this a regular stop when I visit.
3	I really don't know how to review this place. On the one hand, I got totally blitzed from their Bacon Martini (which tastes just like it sounds. You can kind of see the bacon grease float around in the drink and it is probably the most disgusting drink you'll ever purchase). And on the other hand, the scene was totally not my type of hangout spot. I don't ever get the asian glow, but after I finished the Bacon Martini, I was tomato red and my forehead was extremely hot. It took me a few hours to recover.I also tried the Ass Juice, which does not taste like how it sounds. It's actually quite good. It's kind of a fruity shooter. There was a live punk band playing when I went on a Friday. The whole vibe reminds me of when I play Guitar Hero.
4	Pretty cool punk rock dive bar. Jukebox is loaded with punk bands. Interesting drinks such as the "Ass Juice" and "Bacon Martini's". Cheap booze. Interesting video's playing on the TV's. I would go back!
1	If you're into stinky and disgusting bars with crappy music, dirty bathrooms, and wanna-be punk/rockabilly douchebags...then you have found your spot.So many of my friends love this place, and I tried, I really tried to give it a chance to like it.  But after multiple visits, all I have is an extreme hatred for this dump.  I like little dive bars, but this place is so dirty I always feel like I need a hepatitis shot after leaving!  I've only been during peak hours on the weekend, and it's just packed beyond packed in here.  Everyone smoking their stinky ass cigarettes and sloshing around cheap yellow fizzy beer.  I swear this place hasn't been cleaned since Monica Lewinsky got her dress stained!  The bathroom is atrocious, I would rank it up there with the dirty bathrooms from the now defunct CBGB or the absolute mess that is passed off as bathrooms at the Clermont Lounge in Atlanta.  I always walk next door now to the Black Door to take my piss instead of risking the AIDS/ring worm amalgam awaiting in Double Down's toilet.  Every time I've been the bands performing were about as talented as your average high school garage band.  And I understand Vegas decides to let everyone and their mother smoke in 98% of the establishments which annoys me as a healthy non-smoker.  But damn...this place is just one big Malboro/Camel/Pall Mall cloud!  Their signature drinks suck!  Ass Juice tastes like crap!  And the bacon martini...where do I start?  Sure, occasionally I like some bacon....on my breakfast plate next to my eggs and toast.  Not in my beverage!  That is one salty, disgusting martini that is just waiting to give you heartburn and IBS.If you like this place...cool, have fun.  I won't be there, Vegas has so many better choices to grab a drink and take in some music.
5	Walked there from the strip!  Would definatley do it again! Your gonna love it or hate it. Didnt try the ass juice or the bacon martini, or at least i dont think i did! Had about 12 jack and cokes, bought entire bar a round picked about 10 songs out on jukebox, video poker, and cab ride back to hotel. All that for $60  and suprise the jack is the same jack they put in those $10 jack and cokes on the strip!  And witnessed the return of the horse! Alonzo? I think thats his name lol
5	This place is the shit! If your soft get lost!lol seriously though.. this place is great.. i was recently out in vegas for 4 days and we did everything.. bottle service at clubs, cabanas by the pool and to tell you what.. it was nice to throw on a t shirt and jeans throw on some rockabilly on the juke box and play pool with my friends while drinking and eating "ass juice and twinkies" while pushing each other around. Its got a real nice L.E.S, abc town nyc dive bar feel to it.that being said if your expecting vip and bottle service id stay at the hardrock down the street aways..but if you need an escape from dudes with ab implants and wanna drink everclear and punch your friends in the face this is your stop.
4	This place was the shit, and exactly what we were looking for in terms of off-strip action.Was nervous entering the building, because I was wearing short ass shorts and wasn't totally cool with sitting on a barstool that looks like it's carrying STDs. I was halfway cocked at this point anyways, so I didn't care.Kettle 1 was only five bucks. Already lovin' this place.Bathrooms were atrocious. I know that's the whole "punk bar/club/live music venue" steez (trust that, i'm from Portland), but I had to take a wicked piss and I actually held it until we got back to the hotel.It was dead in there, save for a few crooked/weathered-looking patrons and a grizzled bartender. No fake tits, no $16 cocktails, no surcharges, and the pool tables only cost two quarters. AND, AND, AND: I noticed a few band stickers slapped on the walls belonging to some Portland bands. Awww.Radical. We will come here the next time we're in Vegas, which is never on a weekend, so I won't worry about that packed house gripe in other reviews.
5	"You puke, You Clean!" That's the one rule at the Double Down Saloon. Everyone is welcome, as long as you can hold your own. For those of you who are easily intimidated by heavily tattooed, hoarse-voiced broads or fat, beer belching bikers, or rowdy rockabillies fresh from a car show, or lush sk8tpunks, or firebreating amazon women, or satanic hula-hooping sex godesses, or frazzled crackwhores, or bubble-breasted spray-tannned strippers, BEWARE. The DD has the most eclectic crowd ever and I wouldn't have it any other way. The one thing that unites all the patrons is that they are definitely not easily scared away by the hype.Yes. The bathroom is icky. But I have totally pissed in there a bajillion times (without a weird paper seat cover!) and I don't have HepC or ringworm. If you are afraid of the toilets there, you might be better off pissing outside in the alley. Just sayin'. Only the women's room has a lock, so don't try to drop a duece in the men's room, unless you're cool with other people watching you poop. Ass Juice is freaking delicious, and if my ass tatsed like that drink, I'd probably have people paying to rim me. But I have not tried the bacon martini. It's nasty-looking. I prefer my drinks to not have grease floating in them. I've always felt it was more for tourists anyways. The Bartenders there have been there for, like, ever. Not a high turnaround. So, whenever I come home to Vegas, I KNOW I can count on seeing the same peeps and I find that comforting.I love dives and this is the place that made me love them. Best. Bar. Ever.Oh. And did I mention they have Black Flag and Circle Jerks in the juke box?! Hells yeah.
4	This place gives new meaning to the term "dive bar."Dark, bit smoky, w/ strange, completely inebriated characters at the bar.  That said, what a welcome break from typical Vegas high prices and pomposity.   The ass juice is quite tasty, and if you like bacon, and I mean really like bacon, the bacon martini is unique.   Made with a house-infused bacon vodka, including a slight skim of fat at the surface.  BACONY!Great, attentive bartenders, generally friendly patrons, and dive bar pricing and pours.Bathroom is not great, but is serviceable, at least from a guy's standpoint.  Seen plenty worse. Definitely will go back next time I'm in town.
3	I feel like I should like this place more. Maybe it was the fact that 2 (of 4) friends left right quick and went back to the hotel. Maybe it's the grime, but maybe that would take away from the uh... ambiance. Yeah.Depending on your perspective these could either be pros or cons.-I didn't wonder if someone had died in this bar, I was more curious how many?-The bathrooms, wow. It was okay for me while drunk, being a guy, but not sure the ladies can deal. -Ass juice, classy.-Pictures of ass juice, even classier.-Juke box o' punk, not top 40 shit.-There are pool tables - I played pool with the one friend that stayed. I doubt any of the pool sticks are anywhere close to being straight.-I bet you can get herpes from interacting with the floor.-Cheap drinks.Would this place be as appealing if it wasn't in such high contrast to the glitz offerings over on the strip? There are plenty of dive bars in San Francisco, where I live, so I wasn't entirely sure what the point was going to a dive bar in Vegas.
4	Had a friend come into town and he wanted to go to the Double Down Saloon, So I picked him up after dealing with the traffic on the strip... yeah kill me. But once I got him in the car it was a straight shot to The Double Down Saloon. This was my first time ever coming here and I was glad I did. I really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Punk rock stickers all over the walls, "The Pony," and the bartenders were cool and always there when we needed another beer. The only thing I did not like about here were the restrooms, the men's did not have a lock and it was just a urinal and toilet, god help if anyone ever needed to use it. lol craziness. Nevertheless, it just adds to the atmosphere. My girlfriend who showed up a bit later says the girl's restroom does lock. ;)The beers were $4.50 each. That is not a bad price. They had live punk rock music that night and seems like they do many nights.All in all my friend, his cousin (who showed up later), my girl and I all had a great time that night and I will be visiting The Double Down Saloon again. I recommend you give it a try if you have not been there.
4	The Double Down and I have a good friendship. It's kind of friend where it's seen you at your very worst - throwing up convulsively more times than either of you would like to remember, watched as you've chatted with a selection of less than stellar men just because they bought you drinks and you were poor. It's stood by without acknowledging your slut-dom when you occasionally made out with a cute guy or two, and been by your side when you had that one screaming fight with an ex that felt all too right given the surroundings. I mean, hell - it even had a shot of Ass juice waiting when he started making out with another girl in front of you afterward.Despite all of those things, it never brings them up. It's always there for you when you need it - with a blank slate, and offers enough of an escape that you barely even think about the horrible times you've had together.The Double Down isn't a nice place - but there's something oddly comforting about it. You get the opportunity to meet interesting people and make interesting drunk mistakes with interesting drinks.Just don't be surprised if you witness any of the scenarios above - or are a part of them ;)
3	pretty fun place. dirty and inbetween all the gay bars but this place kicks ass...check it out punk out brahs
4	It's a punk bar, and if you're sick of the hoochies all over the Vegas Strip, go here to get away from it. They have Bacon tini and Assjuice. Bartender does not mess around he's super cool. I guess a lot of locals hang here. So if you're more of a glam and glitz person, this might not be the place for you. If you like punk rock then yes go. check it!
4	really cool place.like drinking here
5	I don't even care - I'm giving my beloved Double Down Saloon 5 Stars. I'm not even sure what kind of scale I'm rating this place on - divey? Drinks? Music venue? All of the above? There are two types of people in Las Vegas - those who go to Double Down and go back, and those who go and then never go back. I believe at some point everyone in Vegas has been here. Hell, even my parents have been to this bar! But it's those who return that make it what it is.I've been here for lots of local shows and just to drink. Nope, I've never had the ass juice or the bacon martini. But I have had plenty of beer and Vodka Crans here (which might as well be reddish looking vodka in a glass). Yea, you get a heavy pour here, which is AWESOME. A lot of people say, "Oh this place is just for punks or heavily tattooed people". NO! I say to you all! It is not! Because if you can hang, than you can hang, and if you can deal with a supremely skanky bathroom and think nothing of it - than you shall be welcome here! Believe me, I used to go to DD all the time with a group of extremely well-kept Air Force boys. Yea, no tattoos in that crowd, but you know what? They were all there because they thought it was awesome.That's what DD is about. It's about an attitude. You gotta love that about a bar in Sin City.
5	Best bar in Vegas.  Warning:  not for you club-going douchebags and douchbaguettes or for the faint of heart.  This is a hardcore party bar full of all sorts of unseamly characters.  Bathrooms are filthy and the walls are held together by the grafitti and dried loogies and assorted juices.  The pooltable is so warped and stained, it looks like a real-life scene from Saw may have been filmed on it.  The regulars are sometimes smart and sometimes mean and once in a while both.The jukebox rox.  Dead Kennedies and Black Flag and Minutemen and Sex Pistols and other such stuff.Gotta love shots of ass juice.  $3 each or 3 for $10!Truly a great bar if you're into this particular type of bar.  If you're not into dive bars and punk rock, you best stays aways...
5	I wish I knew what was in the ass juice! Judging by my flight home the next day, it's some kind of magical drunk potion. Last thing I recall from the night was a very awesome radio head like band. Definitely had a good time and it's a nice change of pace from the standard Vegas traps.
4	Poster child for Dive Bar.  Great place.  What's not to like?  A drink called Ass Juice;  a Bacon Tini, and a late night combo featuring a Hamm's beer, a Slim Jim, and a Twinkie.  Come on, it doesn't get any better.  Colorful bar with nice characters.  Would get a 5/5 if they could only remove those annoying video slot machines from the bar.  Oh, I forgot what town I'm in.
4	Great place to have a drink ~ like ass juice! that is a mixture of what ever the bartender concocts that day!!! Ask for Rob Rukus!!! from The band "The Vermin" he make's a mean one!!! Tattoo's , booze and wild rockabilly girl's fill the place every night !!! Double down saloon~ is the best dive bar in Vegas~ If you like punk rock band's , tattoo artist's from Sin City & Drink's are pricey for a dive bar. but that's cause it's so popular!!! PBR is the house beer!!! Free punk show's every weekend!!! alway's a goodtime!! ~STRETCH STYLES~
4	I was initially unimpressed walking into this bar, seemed like a standard dive.  My workload is such that I couldn't try the Ass juice but will have to give it a roll when things get calmer. So after standing around unimpressed for about ten minutes, things got more interesting when I heard a guitar getting sound checked.  Somebody actually playing a real instrument without the aid of computers! I didn't think anybody did that kind of thing anymore. I have been deprived for so long of somebody performing with heart that I was instantly hooked when these punker gals from San Pedro started jamming. Now, I didn't connect too well with their ode to tweakers but I will lend an ear to anybody who plays their guts out, and play they did.I liked the no bullshit crowd of folks who wanted to get their drink on and rock out and I will dare to say that this tiny saloon seems to carry on a genre long lost in what is mostly indie LA.
3	If your the type of person who likes the finer things In life and are use to going to places like Blue Martini, Napoleon's and Bond then the Double Down Saloon isn't for you but If your the "Everyting" type, kinda like a chameleon where you can blend In well anywhere then you will do just fine. This place Is a "HOLE IN THE WALL", It Is dark, diggy and rugid but It Is THE SPOT for great music, Great underground music. I've heard some of the best improvised tunes here.
4	I was feeling out of place in the uber-wealthy areas of the city and needed a little bit of divebar to feel more comfortable. This was the recommendation. I'd heard of it from a friend who went to the NYC version, so I opted to give it a try. It was as advertised, but I wonder if it tries a bit too hard. I did not try the ass juice, but I did try the bacontini. Ugh. It's not good, even for a novelty drink. Still, the ambience and the (relatively) cheap beer gave it a welcome feel of home amidst all the high fallutin stuff on the strip. My clothes had a thick layer of smoke on them the next morning-and while it's somewhat obnoxious, I do know it means I've been somewhere good.
5	This place made my Vegas experience.  A momentary brief calm in the sea of slot machines.  It was dirty, it was grimy, there was Japanese anime porn on the television.  It was everything the glitz and glam everywhere else in Vegas was trying to cover up.  It was the proverbial whore beneath the make-up and I loved every second of it.  $4 shots of ass juice, tack on an extra dollar and get a beer and beef jerky.  A must see, just be sure to use the back door.
2	Being on the best of yelp list, I had to try this place.And here is my review. Where do I start? Oh yes!......Are you f****** serious?!! The only thing I get from this place is that my chances of becoming a yelp elite are very close to zero. Apparently I have no taste or sense to appreciate anything in this place as 99 % of members here do. or I must have missed the memo: let's take the worst joint in Las Vegas and make it number one! Thank's guys for the recommendation! And for those who tried the bacon martini because you have to try everything at least once, don't forget to try the sausage driver, or the ham daiquiri. And for the ass juice? Please don't get me started with that!Excuse me now, While i finish my beer.....inside the photo booth.
5	Bar that has it allFull bar including crazy house concoctions, and quality well liquor at prices that'll guarantee everyone is going to get really f---ed up.  Security and bartenders that watch out for women making sure you have a very safe night you don't remember.  Live music, bar pool tables, photo booth, and wall art, cool t-shirt, video poker, relaxed dress code and walking distance from the Hardrock Casino.
5	Two words...Ass Juice!  I came to the Double Down wanting to try a Bloody Mary made with Bacon Vodka.  Wow!  It was like breakfast in a glass.  Scott the bartender was amazing and took great care of us.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely be back.
5	Killer jukebox, killer drinks and a laid back atmosphere make this place a perfect break from the rest of Las Vegas. The Saloon is a perfect spot to decompress and wonder how it became five A.M. all of the sudden.Visually, there's plenty to stare at as time passes. The walls are covered with stickers wall to wall and signs like "Ass Juice and Twinkies" are quite a gas! Incidentally, the Ass Juice lives up to it's name taste-wise. Ask to see the bottle of Bacon Infused Vodka--it's quite the visual treat!
5	I really like this bar! I can understand though how it's not for everyone. Personally, the man and I were tired of the overpriced, trendy martini lounges on the strip. We'd seen this on "No Reservations" with Anthony Bourdain (or Anthony Disdain as I call him) and since I generally agree with his opinion we thought we'd give this place a try. Bottom line, it's a dive bar with cheap drinks, cool people, excellent juke box and is open 24 hours. It's definitely more for underground or punk rocker types but I'd say as long as your cool and not a priss then you'd be fine here. I read in a guide book that the bathrooms are totally gross, maybe it's the type of bars usually go to but I didn't think these were bad?? If we ever go back to Vegas, we'll definitely visit Double Down Saloon. For those who do like this bar, and are in Chicago, go to Liars Club, similar vibe / clientele / music etc.
5	The best punk rock dive bar in "SIN CITY" Is a great place to play or see a band. Have a drink and play some pool. Jukebox is loaded with all the best punkrock music from the 70 & 80's.If you like a sticker's &  graffiti, live music tattooed pin up girls, rockabilly & punker's. This is the place for you!!! ~STYLES~
5	This is the vegas spot from now on. Love the feel of this place. Love the stickers everywhere, the sticky tables, awesome beers, stiff ass drinks, cool people, awesome bartender, thanks scott for an excellent night..will be back.
5	I love this bar, its a must to always stop here when your in Vegas!.The ass juice shot's are yummy! dont hesitate/ judge it by its title..friendly people awesome music choice has a juke box loaded with awesome music!. Love it!
4	Dive Bar that was so much fun that Id definitely go back.  Was in Vegas ( from NY) and was in charge of finding someplace new to go as we have been to Vegas a bunch of times.  There was a band playing that night supposedly at 10-11 ish.  We got there a little early and the evening started off slowish..but still fun.  The band got on late and we were deciding whether we should stay or not.If you like a bar with a relaxed crowd, mix if hipsters, crazy locals, a few fun tourists, tattoos, fun people, etc then check it out.  Yeah it does have some nutty promotions ( ass juice with a twinkie, etc) But the vibe was a lot of fun if you are open minded.  The minute we walked in a drunk chick just came up to us and started blabbing in a fun way.  We also met a bunch of dudes that were both local and visitors that were fun to chat with etc.  Ok I was getting a little blitzed also and went up to talk with people but everyone was really open about it.When the band finally got on (around 1215).. it picked up. Nows this night it was a somewhat famous ( not to me) rockabilly band.  Now I am a New Yorker and was like what is this going to be like..but I youtubed them and was like ok  lets give it a chance. I have to tell you it was so much Fn fun. It was like a hipster group, with a really fast country twist.  The place was rocking...even we were getting into it.So yeah. lots of fun, lots of interesting people.  If you are a dude doing the typical untucked button down shirt, pressed jeans black shoes deal or a girl doing the club look...this probably isnt where you want to go. ( im not judging..im just saying this isnt that scene at all) .Check it out if you want to have FUN....
5	Bacon martinis and punk rock on the jukebox. Just another night at the Double Down.
4	Dark, dirty, and punk. It is a chill bar that lives up to the dive bar reputation. Located within the fruit loop, it is not a gay bar. I can understand why people come here to get a few cheap drinks in before heading off to the more modern or attractive bars and clubs.The signature drink is the ass juice. It is either they are really secretive about the recipe or it constantly changes. When I asked the bartender what goes into a shot, he replied that he did not make this batch. I was just intrigued with why it looked like toxic slug, yet tasted so fruity and pleasant.The atmosphere might not be anything note worthy, but the music and drinks are a plus. It reminds me of younger days when rebelling against the norm, spiking my hair, and black was the statement of choice. Should I state that I cringe thinking of those days? Unlike my trip down memory lane, Double Down Saloon does not elicit the same response.
5	This was the first establishment that I set foot into when I first rolled into town two and a half years ago, and it is still one of my favorite dives around.  Its just the kind of dirty, loud, and eclectic place you'd love to find when trying to avoid the usual trappings of Las Vegas.  Most nights at the Double Down Saloon have ended with a great story to tell, be it the bands or the patrons involved.  Speaking of the bands, they are pretty well hit or miss, but they are always free to watch and usually extend into the long hours of the early morning. Some of the best bands that I've seen in Vegas have been at the Double Down, and so have some of the worst.  The television sets play a continuous cacophony of classic live punk videos, b-grade mid-20th century film footage, and the lowest budget soft core porn these eyes have ever seen.  They have some of the worst pool tables in town and the place is covered in unknown punk band's stickers and some very well done graffiti, yet it is all part of the Double Down's amazing allure.  I love this place and I will always return!
5	I don't live in Vegas and I've only been to the Double Down twice, but I love it and it feels to me like an authentic punk-rock club like the ones where I spent my teens and twenties. It does seem a bit incongruous to find this in the middle of a tourist area, and it does seem to cater slightly to the hollywoodized image of itself, but overall I find decently priced drinks, good music, and an overall feel that reminds me of The Decade, The Rocket, The Living Room, or anywhere else I wasted away my youth. At this point even though I've only been twice, I can't imagine going to Vegas without checking out what's playing at The Double Down.
4	Bacon martini ....Nuff said! This is a dive bar... Its not for the fancy  stuck up type. They have live music sometimes.. Cool crowd lol Hopefully this place is still there. I went in 2009.
4	Stopped in here one weekday afternoon just because I had heard the place is a must-stop (bar-wise) while in Vegas. I happened to have access to a car this trip, so this was my chance to check out some of the spots a bit away from the Strip. Found the bar surprisingly hopping for mid-afternoon, but I guess being close to UNLV allows for good times at all hours of the day or night. Just a great dark dive bar vibe and I could only imagine how hopping this place gets at around 1am. Tossed back a couple beers and chatted with the affable barkeep. Great service and low prices will bring me back when I find myself in town with pals who like their bars 'in the rough.'
4	If the Ramones own a bar, this would be it.
5	Over the last 10 years I've been to the DDS 12-15 times. Never a cover charge. Always live music. Cool bartenders. The joint hasn't been closed in 19 years. 5 minute walk from the Hard Rock. Tasty ass juice. I am an overall winner on their old & busted video poker machines. When you want elegance & refinement- think The Double Down Saloon.
4	ass juice is drinkable but i had to really fight the bacon martini. place is small but has a shit load of character. like the chick passed out from the previous night in the corner that the bartender felt sorry for and didn't kick out, to the guy who bought her del taco to eat. i have my toilet shooter and wouldn't mind going back
5	I love this place!  The bacon martini is interesting to say the least, and the ass-juice kicks ass!I live in Chicago and discovered the DD back in 2009 and go back every time I'm in Vegas.  The jukebox is killer, and they get some great bands in there.  I love the dive feel and the cool people that show up.Great place, go there!
5	As much as I love the glitz and the glam and the pampering of the 5 star studs on the Vegas strip at the end of the day I am just as equally, if not more equally, a beer and hot dog girl as I am steak and wine.  And when the sun sets if I have my druthers you will find my happy ass in a dive bar drinking Irish whiskey on the rocks and listening to some metal band shredding on their guitar.At Double Down Saloon that bar stool may be covered in some unidentifiable sticky substance but that's okay.  This is my FAVORITE BAR IN  LAS VEGAS.  #1.  Numero Uno.  First Place.  The Winner.When your cab driver pulls you up to the Double Down don't fret thinking that you've arrived at some seedy strip club just because you see the blinking bulb lights and strip shopping center.   No, you won't get raped in the parking lot.  Double Down is just a good ole' classy dive bar.Even though Double Down books some fab local and regional rock bands they never charge a cover.  Inside the interior is dark, smoky (only major downside is that it is legal to smoke inside in Vegas and the circulation is poor in here) and stuffed with people.  Locals go here, and when I say locals I mean the tatted up crowd, the misfits, the Bettie Page look-a-like ladies.  Double Down Saloon invented the bacon martini and their signature drink known simply as "Ass-Juice".  They keep the ass juice in an empty plastic milk carton.  It is deep purple in color and sweet tasting.  They can't tell you what's in it because they would have to kill you so don't ask.Like all dive bars you have the staples like a worn out photo booth and jukebox filled to the brim with amazing music, and of course being Vegas you also have video slot machines.  My next trip to Vegas will involve a show at The Joint at the Hard Rock which is located just a couple of blocks away, so I can be sure to visit Double Down again.  What a great combination that will be.
5	Hands down the best bar in Vegas. Live music, strong drinks and one of the filthiest mens rooms I've ever seen.  Bacon Martini, and Ass Juice are the house signature drinks.  The Bacon Martini will stay with you all night while the Ass Juice goes down like Kool Aid but will leave you on your back like the Jonestown version.  The crowd at DD is varied and consists of punks, greasers and the occasional Brooks Brothers suit.  If you are a fan of divebars with a stiff drink, a stellar jukebox and great live music the Double Down Saloon should be one of your stops in Vegas.
4	My first stop  in Vegas Awesome bar :-)
5	While the Double Down Saloon is a LV legend in its own right, sometimes the hype gets so built up that it leaves you feeling depressed after getting there and experiencing it.  Thankfully, this was sooooo not the case.  I came here with a bunch of friends after having a couple of drinks elsewhere to see what the hype with this place was.  It truly does fulfill the requirements of what I consider a good dive bar to have: dim lighting, dressed down people, good drinks, and mainly locals.After seeing this place on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations" I was kind of worried this place would be overrun with out of towners looking to experience the real LV.  Such was not the case, it was mainly locals, with quite a few groupies as it was industrial punk night and there was a lineup of bands playing.  We couldn't hear ourselves talk but it was fun watching the bands and people that were there.  Also, tried the ass juice, and it was quite good.  And if you feel like dropping $$, you can get it served in your own personal toilet with floaters in it.  Overall, a great experience and definitely the diviest bar I've been to in LV so far.
2	**This review pertains to Monday Nights ONLY**I have to start off by saying any other day and any other time I would be writing this review and giving it a zillion stars...I LOVE the DD...its been a staple in my nightlife since I have lived here. I have taken family members, future ex husbands and my friends here...many for their first time. I remember the days of the bras and the infamous mechanical horse. The Double Down holds a special place in my heart. Now on to why I wrote this...I went into the Double Down the day after Christmas to meet up with some friends who were visiting from CA and it wasn't too busy, the bar was full but not really anywhere else in the bar. It took a while for the bartender to acknowledge that we were ready to drink, my boyfriend got tired of waiting so he went to the other side of the bar to get the bartenders attention. We have been there when it is shoulder to shoulder and we have had the bartenders pay more attention than this one. My boyfriend is a regular at the DD and said that every time that bartender is working, the same stuff happens...you wait forever for a drink and the dude acts like you're bugging him. This is what my problem is...the guys general demeanor. I'm not saying that the other bartenders are all about glitter and cosmopolitans but this guy was an asshole. Through out the night anytime we wanted a drink we had to stretch ourselves to get his attention and the last straw was at the end of our night was when we were all getting ready to close our tabs my boyfriend and I *accidentally* started speaking to him at the same time stating we wanted to close our tab out and he had MAJOR attitude, scoffed, gave us both a NASTY look and said "One at a time people, what do you want??" I was actually kind of taken aback by the way he spoke to us. I was pretty shocked that my boyfriend didn't say anything to him at the time. We closed our tab out and I vowed to NEVER go back on a Monday night, or any time I see him there...it was the worst DD experience I ever had. I mean, I get it...the DD (back in the day) had a stigma...grime and whiskey and bad-asses getting into fights over the punk band that is playing that night. This wasn't that night and um sir, this isn't Dicks Last Resort where you need to fake your bad-assness and be insanely rude to your patrons because it says in your handbook that the girls are going to want you more if you're an asshole. It's great that he's in a band, a pretty well known band, but what does that have to do with tending bar and pouring a few drinks? I am sure that his fans probably totally disagree and that's ok. I'm just letting you know if you want a normal DD experience...dont go on a Monday night.
2	Super smokey inside. The day bartender has real attitude. Not all good. Friendly crowd.
5	My heart is aflutter for this dive in glitzy Vegas. This is everything Vegas is NOT and well worth the visit. What can I say. World class dive - punk bar. Almost as good as the original EXIT on Wells in Chicago...some things better (24-hours and the ass juice rules), some things worse (no discernible dance floor). Shut up and drink already. You must must must go here.
5	I love the Double Down. It's a usual haunt for me when I'm in Vegas. The drinks are cheap, the juke box is great, and the staff is awesome. I prefer the quieter nights when bands aren't playing. Then you can just hang out and listen to some tunes. But be weary, you need to bring sunglasses with you. At some point the door man lovingly closes the front door to protect you from the approaching sunrise. And it's always a nasty surprise when you are leaving and it's full blown daylight out.I'm constantly tricked by the good time I have here and always end up vampire-ing in the parking lot when I leave. The best sign of a good bar in vegas is how much ash is in the parking lot.
5	Love to watch live bands here!
2	I've had this place bookmarked for over a year and our friend kept talking about it like it's Disneyland for adults who love good drinks and good music. Of course he was talking about the Double Down Saloon in NY, and assumed this place was just as great. Based on all the good reviews, we might have went on the wrong night or something....  (Sunday night)He told me they have the best Bloody Mary (the NY location) so that's what I ordered. I got a glass with Clamato and vodka. Lame....The bartender gave us our drinks and told us to hurry up and pay because there were other customers waiting for him. I looked around and only saw 2 guys playing pool, a fat chick picking her teeth on the other side of the bar, and a 70 year old drunk with his head "resting" on the bar counter.....     So we assumed he didn't want paying customers that night and just left to another bar.We didn't really go here for all the "interesting" drinks but for the atmosphere. We wanted something different from the strip: good music and awesome people. We got neither, plus crappy, overpriced drinks..... like the rest of the strip. At least other places were closer to our hotel so we could have stumbled back at 6am...
4	I'm so excited to bring my friends here for dirty fun. It's one of those experiences where you'll want to give it one star because it's just so wrong. Don't expect anything but bad and you'll be excited to have had the experience. Think dirty, don't forget to check out the bathroom. The bacon martini isn't that great but it's a unique experience. You can always convert it to a bloody mary if it's too much :)Date Rating: 6Pick up Scale: 3Strong Suggestion: Eat before you come here.
4	Ahhh..The Double Down.  I played here a number of times in a number of LA bands prior to moving to Vegas.  While it was always a good time and they were kind enough to have my band's CD on the juke, the place always had a dark undercurrent that made it feel like a meth-fueled twenty-something street punk / runaway haven. One of the smokiest places I had ever played!...But that was years ago and things change.  I've seen a number of fun shows since moving to Vegas in 2003, and recently had the chance to play there again.  The PA was kicking (word to the wise - you have to bring your own mics and stands), the room less smokey and the audience was still as bizarre as ever - but that's what makes it blast.  From a band standpoint, the loose and crazy audience at the DD never has a problem getting involved in the show, which is way better than playing to an audience of too-cool-for-school hipsters.  All this AND a photo booth where you can take a cool low-fi photo for your next 7 inch.
5	Fun grungy bar with an interesting crowd. Emphasize the "GRUNGY!" Despite the hard appearance of the crowd, everyone has always been pretty laid back.The live music varies nightly but is always loud and lively, played from a crowd-level makeshift stage. The "Ass Juice" is good--just don't look at the illustration while you are drinking it. The "Bacon Martini" is, as stated by the bartender, "Really good bacon soaked in really bad vodka." You can judge that one for yourself.
2	I have been to at least 50 bars, pubs, clubs in Vegas. I listen to Punk Rock, go to shows all the time. I live in Vegas, and never go to the Double Down. Its a tiny bar, its pretty ghetto, its dark, smoke filled, I really dont see the love affair with it.The service stinks, the people that are behind the bar dont seem punk, and are not friendly. Its like drinking in an alley in TJ, if you are into that. The only plus is the music in the juke box, its free entry, and they host a lot of underground bands.Theres nothing amazing to see there, grab a few beers and drink in an alley with a boombox for a better time. And yes I have been to the Cheyenne Saloon, Bunkhouse,  Country Saloon, Blue Diamond Saloon, Beauty Bar, Murphys law, Rok, Griffin, etc, they are all better.I guess the people from Wyoming and other conservative areas like a change. Thats all I can figure.
3	This is a great bar for regular folks and conventioneers to feel like they still have a bit of an edge. Weird cartoons on the TV's and live music on the tiny stage area do give it a "hipster" feel. Good selection of mediocre beers at good prices and a number house "specialty" drinks with naughty names. The bar staff hustles pretty good even when the place gets crowded. Good for people watching as the clientele can be diverse. Maybe the DD has gone from authentic to self-parody and is now somewhat of an institution. Worth a visit but don't expect to see Anthony Bourdain doing coke off a Twinkies wrapper.
4	nice to get off the strip and be in a dive bar. Staff is nice, music rocks and it's just a fun place!
5	I LOVE this place. LOVE LOVE LOVE!Let's start this review by saying that Vegas just isn't my scene. I don't gamble. I don't club. I don't like places that seem soulless. Thank God for the Double Down.This place is everything that the Strip isn't. It's dark, cheap, and plays great music. There were some live bands while I was there. Some rockabilly, some punk. Both good. The bartenders were chill, but quick to fill your glass. There was some weird, porn type, cartoons on. The jukebox was pretty stellar. There's a photobooth that I was too drunk to partake in. Dammit. The bacon martini is gross. There, I said it. I do believe that bacon vodka would make the best damned bloody mary, though. But as a martini, with bacon fat floating on the top - no bueno. We came here twice during our three night stay. Both times the staff and patrons were friendly. I also met some people, from Chicago, with whom I have mutual friends. Just goes to show that the cool kids know where to go. If you're from Chicago and you're looking for a taste of home (enter Liars, Delilahs, etc) - this is your joint.Did I mention it's a 24 hour joint? AWE YEAH!
5	Now that I am a local, I thank the stars that a friend of mine directed me here years ago on my very first Vegas trip.  Ive never come back without visiting, and now I live a mile away.  It is what it is.  It is a loud fucked up mess of a place and we like it that way.  More than once I have stumbled across a great band on accident.  The drink price is reasonable, and there is never a cover. On my first trip there I made friends with 2 off duty strippers. I saw a midget in there once.  I can always count on cute billy chicks in polka dotted dresses.  If this isnt your thing, dont give it a shit review. You dont see me posting a review from fucking PURE do you?  Take your ed hardy shit and go back home.
5	I have a penchant for dirty, smoke filled dive bars with an element of danger, and trust me when I say that The Double Down Saloon fits the bill! As another reviewer already said, "It's a loud, fucked-up mess of a place and we like it that way." Drinks are fairly cheap, staff is salty, and there is never a cover charge, even though there are often decent punk and rockabilly bands playing. The photo booth looks fun, although I've never tried it myself. The jukebox is AWESOME!!! Personally I think that the Bacon Martini is hideous, but they'll let you turn it into a bloody mary if you don't like it. (Extra points for the soft-core porn flickering on monitors in all corners of the room.)Good times.
4	I recently went to Vegas with a bunch of co-workers and ended up at this place at about two in the morning.  I'm not sure this is the first place the average person going to Vegas wants to use as a exclamation mark on an evening but if you're in the right frame of mind and disposition, it could be perfect for you.  For me, the modern Vegas can get a little overbearing after a day or two so this is the perfect portal away from all of that if you're feeling like you need a break.You'll probably forget you're in Vegas.  This is a classic dive bar with zero Vegas trappings on display.  I think.  I was drinking here after a lot of drinking so I may be forgetting something obvious.  All I remember was that it was dark, there were lots of Christmas Lights, and everyone in the bar was either a member of my group or a bunch of dudes with shaved heads and beards.  On entry it definitely had that "What are YOU doing in here?" vibe but that quickly subsided.I forget what I had to drink.  I do remember that they had drinks like "Ass Juice" and "Ass Juice Toilet" and I believe there was an "Ass Juice Twinkie" - you're probably sensing a theme here.  I do remember that I liked everyone I talked to here, including the staff, so the drinks were not nearly as important as the high quality vibe of the place.
4	OH the infamous Double Down, also was on Anthony Bordain's No Reservations, I have been coming here for years!!! I Love this place, however the smoking inside can make you eyes burn!!! Kick back,  enjoy your music, and get drunk!!! came in here this time around right before the Floggin Molly's concert.It's loud, annoying, obnoxious, grungy, and lots of fun!!! Every time we're in Vegas we always come by here, you never know who you'll run into or catch a glimpse of a surprise set playing. No matter what there's always some kind of great music playing, I love old town, but sometimes its too far on night you want to stay near the "new" Vegas. I love this place for the locals keeping it thriving, funny thing is its in the middle of 3 gay bars in which we also ventured in... that's another storyThe service is friendly and fast, and funny!  You don't have to get dolled up in your hoochie attire and you're stupid bedazzled jeans and shirts. This bar/ club is a laid back hole in the wall where we are there to get drunk, listen to music and occasionally throw up outside!!!I will definitely be back soon!! I just love it here!
5	Double Down is a great secret to the locals. I know my YELP won't ruin that either given a local showed me the goods about 3 or 4 years ago. I have begun catching up on some YELPS that are very necessary,DDS is so awesome that I am having a hard time trying to describe it. I believe everyone who comes here has a different purpose. My purpose: Bring a few friends for a good starter of AWESOME ass juice, multiple shots actually and a beer before hitting a number of other places. This place is unique and if you are the mood for something just classified as "different"....then this is the holy grail of different. ENJOY!
4	Who doesn't love this nastyass, dirty dive bar? The drinks are cheap and strong, the pool table is like, $1/game, and the people are nice. Big bonus for perverted girls with fetishes: The last time I was there, the guys restroom didn't have a door on it, so if you're into that sort of thing....Try the Ass Juice.
3	If you want a real Dive Bar, this is on the top 10 of Dives.  They have live music from Punk, Rockabilly, and Rock.  It's well known for their famous ASS JUICE, and Bacon Martinis. The live shows are okay.  They don't really have a sound system so it's like being in someone's house or garage listening to a band play type feel to it. It's an interesting experience.
4	I honestly didn't know what to expect from a "really good" dive bar; I was ready to be pleasantly surprised. It's in a strip mall with some of the ugliest and most pathetic signage I've ever seen. It's like they told the sign contractor "Here's $4.50 and your mother is a skank."First impressions were good, no cover and the door man was reasonable enough, but then you get in and realize the place is TINY. The fire marshall sign says 158 people. They would have to be stacked three high shoulder to shoulder to get that many people in there. I had high school classes with more seating. And on a Saturday night it was just full enough that there were no seats left. The crowd seemed solid though, but no live music was around either waiting to go on, wailing, or between sets. We bailed.If you've seen the pics here on YELP you've seen the whole bar. promise.
4	If your in the mood for spazzed out punk rock in a real authentic shithole then you must make a visit..loud filthy and felt at home like the good old days... mirror image!!
5	You are my sweet sweet retreat from over processed Vegas-ites. Humble thanks to you ole D.D. SHUT UP AND DRINK, will ya'??!!
3	I'm having a hard time with this review.Hell..in my recent trips to Vegas..I'm having a hard time with how I feel about the Double Down in general.I've been finding myself going on the impromptu Vegas excursion several times over the last 2 years.Usually..these trips almost never cap 24 hours and usually..we always make it a point to stop at the Double Down.Initially - the DDS was my kinda place.Filthy,Grimy.Photobooth.On one trip..I spilled my entire Jameson and Ginger all over a bar arcade game and proceeded to drink it up with a straw.The bartender made me a new one for free - probably for my lack of health and safety as I pulled of such a horrible stunt - but this is the essence of the double down.Dirty and don't give a f--k.Typically..its never been overly busy any one time I've been here,nor have I been here when I show was taking place.The atmosphere seems pretty slow and chill.They also have a pretty decent looking Happy Hour deal that I've never taken advantage of ; 12 - 5 everything is 50% off.Home made poster boards advertising specials and deals line the walls.Year round Christmas Lights.The Bathrooms have their fare share of "bathroom wisdom" scrawled all over the walls.This is your divey dive bar.That being said - I'm not sure if I'm just getting older or the allure is wearing off,but it seems each time I come here I leave a little less excited to come back.This bar has your Vegas stank.its rife with it.1 part sewage and 1 part stale beer.Dash of stale cigarettes and urine.Either smell could be more noticeable at any given time.This is usually pretty easy to ignore if already drunk or on your way to getting there.They have a decent beer selection.The Ass juice is surprisingly not disgusting - we initially thought it was going to be the most haneous of bar mat shots but instead..an interesting secretive blend of liquers.It smells like apricots.The Bacon Martini is awful though.Smells like raw bacon.Tastes like liquid smoke and salt and vermouth.No bacony goodness at all.A huge letdown.Though its strong as hell..so at the very least you'll get tanked.I noticed the snuff films the last 2 times I've been here.Not too sure how I feel about it.I suppose I'm indifferent.I think this bar in general gets a lot of hype for how nasty filthy divey it is.I'll probably still go,but its become an "eh" experience for me.Also - now you only get 3 photos in the booth instead of 4.WHY!? :(
5	Perfection. Do not change. Great bartenders. Occasionally the bands are worth it. Always a good time.
4	Fun, friendly rock n roll dive.
4	Pretty cool place. A different variety of people here. Everyone kind of minds their own business. Nobody seemed too judgmental. Pretty kickback. Definitely dive-y but it's got it's own style. I would come here again. The live bands they had were pretty good.
4	What's not to love. Cheap drinks and a cool crowd. Could be a little less scuzzy, but it's a dive bar; what do you want?
5	I CAN'T BELIEVE I'VE WAITED SO LONG TO WRITE A REVIEW ABOUT THIS PLACE. This was once my afterwork staple. The BEST happy hour in Vegas (Monday-Friday, 12-5, $2 EVERYTHING). You want beer? $2. You want Grey Goose? $2. You want Basil Hayden? THAT'S RIGHT, TWO DOLLARS. The local clientele are the usual suspects, once you go there enough you can start to fit right in. They have a killer jukebox that occasionally gets new things added and two pool tables. ALSO, night time? Looking for something to do? Local bands and those traveling in play at 10:00pm, no charge for admission. It gets LOUD and CROWDED at night so not for those not looking to hear some loud music with some rowdy drunks. The bartenders (Butters, Ian, Sean to mention a few) are the BIGGEST sweethearts, always in a good mood and striking up conversation. This is one of a few places I ALWAYS take friends and family visiting (which is excellent because it's a hop skip and a jump away from the airport). They make this shot called "ass juice" that taste like candy. But WILL knock you on your rear. you don't think it's going to. So you have another. Haha be careful with those! (ALSO, YES, THOSE ARE TWO DOLLARS AS WELL ON HAPPY HOUR). Not sure if they still have them but for $10 you can get a toilet shaped shot glass with your ass juice. ANd yes. of course you need a toilet shaped shot glass.
5	So happy I was directed to this fantastic little dive. Strong drink, dim lights, and just the right amount of filth. Love this place!!
4	I love the Double Down. Its grungy and laid back, and besides the cockroach that ran across my feet (and I almost cried), its just comfortable. Drink prices aren't terrible.. great place to see a band..  Cash only.
5	Fuck & Yes.The "shut up and drink" wall inspires me for once in my life to listen to directions without question or hesitation.  The Bacon Martini tastes like a horrible decision, but sometimes you just have to drink things just to say you did.  The music is always good and the guys in the bands make for some pretty decent eye candy.  Not that I'm looking or anything.  The bathroom is...well...a dirty bar bathroom.  Drink enough and it won't matter.The photobooth is a wonderful momento of a night you probably won't remember.  Waking up and digging for aspirin in your purse and coming across these little gems of photographic evidence is like winning a small fortune on the video poker machines.  I tried to buy the classless and tacky little toilets by themselves, but the bartender told me they were rights of passage only offered to the brave who chugged themselves a mind-numbing concoction of "Ass Juice".  Fine.  I took the bait and ordered two.  Not both for myself, I mean it's not like I have an alcohol infused death wish or anything.  I made my poor boyfriend take the second one.  I've hung my head in many a toilet, but I've never sipped from one, I can proudly say.  Until now.  It was sickly sweet and I regretted it before I even put the little porcelain devil to my lips.  Shortly after ruining my life with that shot, I am ashamed to say I don't remember much else.  I tried to blame a roofie someone slipped me, there are some shady looking people wandering around there, but my best friend reminded me that I'm just a lighweight drinker with heavyweight aspirations.  Woke up the next morning safely in our hotel.  No one remembered how we got back, but apparently my boyfriend blacked out for the first time ever in the 27 years of his life, his irish genes ashamed, and wandered off into the night.  But wouldn't you believe the first thing I saw the next morning were the two remnants of my crap(er) decision.  Oh well.  You live, you learn, and you drown your sorrows (and hangover) in the buffet line.
4	You should know what you are getting into.Double Down is a fun, wild, filthy punk rock bar. You will love it. For locals, it is one of the leading live music venues. For tourists, it is an iconic landmark.THE DO NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDSAny they will politely point you to the ATM machine if you try to pay with one.Be sure to grab a t-shirt and a PRB & Beef Jerky special.
5	the best free punk rock in town
5	Punk rock bar. Happy hour is M-F , Noon - 5. ALL drinks are only $2!
5	I think this is the dive bar I've been waiting for my entire life.I'm a punk kid and I was eagerly searching for a place where my studded/patched vest didn't make me stick out like a sore thumb in Vegas and I was waiting for the day during my entire trip that I'd get to go to Double Down.  I finally got to and I was one happy camper.The DJ was blasting Minor Threat and 7 Seconds when we walked in which was already a great start, and he came up to us and said he took requests which we quickly obliged.  I downed 4 shots of Ass Juice, which is surprisingly good (a grape-tasting concoction) and it put me in the proper mood.  A bunch of random strangers of literally every variety came up and congratulated the wife and I on getting married, except for the couple next to us who ran off to the bathroom to have sex.  Dammit, they beat us to it.  I want to pick this place up and drop it literally everywhere I travel.  There's nothing else in the world like Double Down.  Loud, fast, fun.  The only way to enjoy life.
5	All of the good and grimy of Vegas with ZERO pretension. Have a toilet bowl on me. Think: Johnnys Saloon with less rules and more gambling and smoking.
5	Yay for Double Down!!  It was a quiet Monday night when I finally got to hit up the infamous Double Down... The last night of my honeymoon trip.. we figured, why not stay up all night drinking before an early flight home.  So Double Down hit the spot perfectly.  I was intrigued by the Ass Juice drink and bought several for myself and hubs, along with other drink varieties and shots... I got pretty sloshed.  The DJ (the jukebox was down for the night) came up to us to take requests and played the best of the best punk rock!  I was the only fool dancing around singing to Bro Hymn at 2 in the morning but it was a moment I'll never forget.  I love the decor... stickers on every inch of the wall.  I loved the signs... "if you throw up, you clean up"   "Shut up and drink"  etc.   And the photo booth just topped it all off!!  I was so drunk my eyes are pretty much closed in all the photos I appear in... but I will keep these souvenirs forever!   It happened in Vegas, yo! The TV above the bar was playing some weird cartoon the whole time, which was pretty cool for moments of dizziness.  :)I saw a review that said they don't take credit cards... but they took ours. We visit Vegas often enough that Double Down will soon become a regular spot for us.   I am so excited to have hit up one of the legendary punk dive bars!
5	This dive bar is so fun! Two must-get drinks at the DD are: Bacon Vodka Martini and Ass Juice.  They "brew" their own bacon-infused vodka. They will show you the bottle.  Notice the juicy fat on the surface. It feels like Denny's in alcohol form. The Ass Juice is their version of jungle juice. Except no one will tell you the ingredients.Whenever I come to Vegas, I have to visit the Double Down Saloon.  Because it's delicious and their happy hour is half off everything. So order your martinis and shots of Ass, because you'll only spend $10 and you'll be drunk.
5	Yes I am a fan. Walked in  and knew it would be a cool place to hang out. This place is well known because of travel and food shows but that does not stop it from staying  a really cool. Locals and Visitors mixed into a giant Cornucopia symbolic of Plenty of Fun. Tried the Bacon Martini worth a one time try the fact that they serve Shiner Bock is another Testament to a good bar. Enjoyed the music one night Punk and the other night was just a jam session of a bunch of Musicians from the Strip and off the strip. Something you don't really get to see to much other then New Orleans. Will go back on future visits.
5	The anti-thesis of "ultra-lounges" that choke the Strip.  If you're looking for a divey, smoky, loud, raucous bar, this is it!  No glitz or glamour;  just booze and smoke.  The Ass-Juice is a must have for any neophyte entering this establishment: think of it as a rite of passage.  The clientele is about as eclectic as it gets; no snooty, Ed-hardy wearing douchebags here; just your run of the mill punk rockers, rockabillies and assorted weirdos which makes this bar great!
5	Old World Vegas close to the Strip? That's the Double Down Saloon...home of the bacon martini and bacon bloody mary (seriously, they claim to have invented it).Though I love the ultra lounges and bars scattered throughout Vegas, every now and then you need a good drink in a terrible location. This dive bar makes every trip to Vegas worth it...their happy hour prices are ridiculous, and the patrons are very unpretentious.Looking for a good time in Vegas I (and really, who isn't?), then leave the confines of the Strip and head on over to the Double Down Saloon. With it's close proximity to the airport, it can be your first and last stop!!!
5	We went here to see our friend's band play, and I was totally stoked. It's a classic punk dive bar, much like Ferns in long beach was in the early 90's. They have a random but great selection on their juke box that actually had the untouchables and the angry samoans to name a few. There was a great mix of people, nobody had attitude, and the bartender seemed like a nice dude. The decor is super cool, is relatively hipster free, and a it's great place to have a beer. If there's ever a scavenger hunt where you have to find an over the hill exotic dancer, a giant plastic cockroach, a homeless guy with pretty hair, a surf guitar band, a douchey guy with a flat top from Minnesota, and a toilet covered in stickers, I'll head here first.
5	Bartenders are great. Brett, Shawn, Ryan and all the rest. A superb bar by all measures!
4	Love the happy hour from 12pm-5pm Mon-Fri.  Anything we want-$2.  The only thing I dislike is how dark it is. Great drinks.  Its not our usual type of scene.  We don't like punk music but regardless we have a great time everytime we go there.
5	Love it. Its a raunchy mess and you fear letting your bottom touch the toilet seat but thats why you go there, also the free bands, cheap drinks, and cool people. I have met really interesting people there and we make a point of going there every time we make it out to Vegas (several times a year). The upscale bars in the big casino's are a facade in my opinion, and that is for the white washed tourists and the faint of heart. If your looking for something real, loud and fun this is the place to go. Though we have been there earlier in the evening before with friends who were on their way out of town and it was before the evening rush and we could have a conversation and joke about the oddball videos that are always playing when you go there.I love it!
5	If you get to craving that dirty Vegas feeling, look no further than the Double Down Saloon.  This place may have the best juke box in America.  Note: the house drink is called 'Ass Juice'.  I don't know what's in it - and neither did the bartender.
5	As divey as a good dive bar should be.  Cheap swill, good bands, dirty degenerates...yet everyone seems to get along just great.  grub next door so you dont go hungry or drink on an empty stomach (unless you really want to). I've only been to a few dive bars in LV and Double Down is hands down the best one yet.
4	The Double Down is perhaps the biggest F**K YOU to the Las Vegas Strip that I came across.  It took about a day or two before I got tired of the whole Strip scene and I found myself asking cashiers, bartenders, waitresses, etc (the locals) of a good dirty dive bar within proximity that served cheap booze and loud music that sounded nothing like LMFOAF and NIcky MInaj. All signs pointed to the Double Down.Thats what this bar is, the Anti-Strip. Its dirty, its sleazy, its loud and when the jukebox isnt blasting some punk song, a live band is taking care of making noise. Do not expect high heels, tribal tattoos, Ed Hardy, or the wealthy high-rolling Cristal sipping alter egos of people actually making 30K back home in the real world. Its fun to escape reality while in Vegas for a while, but this bar makes sure to put you right in check.
5	Bacon martini was amazing! Never had anything like it before! It does smell like they spray beer all over the place to keep the place smelling like it does...The ass juice is a must try- dont ask me why...
1	Went here cause we saw it on TV and I have to say, NEVER AGAIN! We shoulda walked out when we opened the door, it smelled like puke! It was the dirtiest, stinkiest, hole in the wall bar I've ever walked into to. There was trash cans lined up against the wall, the locals weren't very nice and that Bacon Martini, OMG! That martini is the worst thing ever. We did have the Bacon Bloody Mary and it was freakin' phenomenal! That was the only thing good about this establishment. If you're lookin' for a place where miserable locals hang out this is it. I don't recommend it for 1 second.
5	cool dive Mr.T say I pity
5	I dig this spot.  The wall art is too awesome, the drinks are mixed just right and its so dark and laid back.  The happy hour prices are great and so is the music.  If you are sick of the main strip scene and all the lame music that gets aired on the radio, this place is the perfect spot to head to.
5	Dive bar heaven for those searching.Jukebox selection: amazing. Bartenders: friendly and laid back.Drinks: strong, but tasty. Sound quality: decent.Atmosphere: dark walls, stickers, paintings of devil-vixens, stickers, random memorabilia, and more stickers. Pool tables, slot machines and small t.v.'s showcasing 1970's snuff films only add grit to the grime. Entry is free and live bands are always playing on Saturday nights. If you're lucky, some drunk blonde with a raccoon tail attached to her pants and neck tattoos will seductively dance in front of the stage and dive into the closest patron with PBR in hand. Oi! (Punk may not be dead, but this chick's sanity is.)End the night with a photo sesh in the photobooth by the bar. A few bucks will get you two copies of pics worth sharing on Instagram.Cheers.
4	Double Down is a turd in a sea of diamonds in the most fabulous way. It's not pretentious or fake. It's the friend who tells you what you need to hear rather than what you want to hear. This is not a place for the faint of heart or those who have issues with cleanliness. It's Adrian Monk's worst nightmare. The bathrooms are filthy and often the doors don't lock. There's frequently live entertainment and things are usually pretty loud. You MUST try the ass juice, preferably, albeit awkwardly, served in the commemorative toilet bowl. Usually the TVs have nakedness on them so be warned. It's an experience you must have if you're willing.
5	Ass juice yes. Bacon martini NOPE
4	So dirty, yet so clean, the DD truly needs to be seen to believe!  Happy hour from 12-5pm weekdays...we did all 5 hours! Great locals to talk to and get Vegas tips from.  Not for the shy of heart though...wouldn't bring your future in-laws here unless they're OK with rubber dildos hanging from the ceiling.
3	Went here specifically for the a** juice and bacontini.   There were not alot of people in there but a shot and a martini in Vegas is almost impossible to come across!  The bacontini was very smokey tasting.  and i swear there were little tiny white pieces of bacon fat floating in there.  Knocked it back anyway!  Would have liked to have spent a little more time here on more crowded night to experience what others have based on the reviews.    Good place to get started with cheap drinks before heading to the strip.
5	This place is the poster child for punk rock dives everywhere. Having moved here from Orange County, CA I'd been looking for a good-ole-boy-down-and-dirty saloon that I could go to for good music, kick-ass patrons and cheap drinks. I'll admit; when I first pulled up I thought I was going to get shanked with a broken beer bottle and left for dead. It was a little sketchy but, thanks in part to a friends enthusiastic recommendation, I said f' it and went in.This is not your downtown bar. This is not your strip bar. This is not your art district bar. This is your piss, booze and rock'n'roll bar. First thing I noticed was Black Flag blaring over the loud speakers and the homemade signs advertising their signature drinks. What are they? Oh among others Ass Juice (served with a twinkie) and Bacon Martini. There were a few more but personally Ass Juice was my favorite...and tastiest (don't ask me what was in it....fruity and strong). Wallpaper is substituted with stickers and graffiti. The jukebox is nothing short of amazing (Clash, Black Flag, Toy Dolls, Adicts, etc...) and the bartenders are friendly and attentive. They've got pool tables with worn bumpers and a stage in the corner (no shows the night I went but i can only assume the bands there are loud and fast). Prices are more than fair and the selection of drinks were spot on. Luckily for me it's on the other side of town otherwise I'm pretty sure I'd be there every night.
5	Lets just say The Double Down Saloon is never a let down. Moss knew what he was doing when he made the best Punk bar in Las Vegas. From its unusual art to its dark and dirty feel, this place is punk paridise! Its always nice to gab a PBR in the bottle from Melo or one of the other nice guys behind the bar. If you have friends coming in Bacon Martini is the way to go. I am always down for the Graveyard Tri-fecta = A Shlits(or hamms/pbr if they are out) a shot of ASS Juice and a Slim Jim for $5... Besides having a full bar with great prices they also have Video Poker and Keno for your enjoyment in between the bands.Talk about great FREE shows I have seen...Warner DriveOld Man MarkleyPeelander - ZThe VermonSic WaitingThe Black JettsDead Lazlo's PlaceThe Briggs.... and a ton more that I cant remember I blame the Jameson Shots for that!If you are in Vegas and are not afraid of a real Dive bar, like punk pusic...this is the place to be... The Happiest Place on Earth!!
5	Smokey! Loud! Punk music blaring! Yes yes this isn't the strip boys n girls go pop bottles and spend 300+ trying to impress your so called friends. Come here to enjoy the most amazing breakfast in a glass EVER!!! Bacon vodka check Slim Jim in there. Oh you know it. So shut up & drink, your in the happiest place on earth
5	Ah the Double Down will never let you! I could go for an Ass Juice right now! This is really the only bar I like in Vegas. The people are super fun and the atmosphere is perfect. The best bar in town bar far.
3	The Hideaway of Vegas... If you are from Honolulu you know the deal...
5	Hands down the BEST! Anyone that bitches about this place being a dive is stupid. Its a PUNK DIVE BAR! Ass Juice is godly!
1	Maybe it should be called the double frown saloon. No, I do not want to drink ass juice out of a miniature toilet. There was barely anyway here when we came around 12:30am. I like dive bars but I guess I was expecting more people to be at this bar. The cab driver on the way home asked us, "why in the hell would you guys go there?!" Exactly.
5	Great jukebox, bands, and people watching. Keep your pretentiousness at home, and don't forget to buy PUKE insurance.
3	"Happiest Place on Earth" according to the bar itself and Anthony Bourdain.My boyfriend and I came here to check this place out after seeing it on No Reservations.It's definitely a local spot and it's fun. Super divey. There's a stage... the music was way too loud for me when I went there.I ordered the ass juice that Bourdain tried. It literally looks like ass juice. It doesn't taste as bad as it looks though. It's super potent though. Drinks are pretty cheap and it's just a fun place to just hang out. Definitely felt like an outsider though.
5	Took my boyfriend to the Double Down this past weekend after I talked it up on the drive out there. We got there pretty early and secured a seat at the bar. I had an awesome conversation with the guy next to me. Depsite the dark and dirty feel everyone is the place was cool and nice. We met some Brits on vacation and I noticed they were drinking Olympia beer, which my mom said was her beer when she was a youngster. Had the ass juice shot and my boyfriend and I had a good laugh over the bass statue with the enormous dildo hanging out of it's mouth. Cheap drinks and an amazing jukebox.
4	I've been here twice. Once long ago in 2008 or 2009, then again in March 2013. It's fairly small and intimate place.PROS:-Love the style and ambiance, underground-Drinks: ass juice, leprechaun piss, Tom Collins were all delicious and reasonably priced-Bartender was nice and quick-Jukebox was filled with great tunesCONS:-Parking lot is a tad small for the place, had to park across the street - but at least they have a crosswalkWe will definitely return another time!
5	Simply the best "dive-bar" in Vegas.  Punk rock on the jukebox, great live music, superb and unusual drinks and interesting sights all the time.  Not for the faint-hearted or smoke-allergic, this icon of the Vegas punk rock scene remains one of the coolest spots in town.  Almost every time I have hung out here there has been an interesting story to tell.  Hell yes!
5	The Seediest Dive Bar of the Day . . . but everyonse needs one of these every once in a while . . . and this is one is definately worth the trip.Olympia Beer . . . High School Memories abound . . . A$$ Juice . . . The signiture drink, and suprizingly, it was really pretty good . . . And another group of locals bought me a Bacon Martini, not really good, but FREE is FREE.Definitely what most people would think of when asked to discribe a Dive Bar . . . DON"T CHANGE . . . this is one of those guilty pleasures and you need take in evey now and then to remind you of your youth.
5	This place is the real deal- real (punk rock) fun, real (punk rock) people. Come in early on a Friday night, have a shot of the signature Ass Juice (it tastes better then it sounds), and particiapate in the podcast trivia games. In a town of flash and artifice, this place has heart.
4	Went here for my first time for a drink I will make this a regular stop on my Vegas trips
4	THE COOLEST Spot in Vegas! I'm not a Vegas girl, but when I do go I love me some Double Down! this place is like a home away from home for me. DRINK THE A$$ JUICE! lol!!
4	I've been to this bar a few times on my visits to L.V. And had a great time  , but I hear they are closing soon. I hope this is just a rumor and not a fact.
5	Not for the faint of heart.  My buddy overdressed for the occasion to watch a "Thrash" band play some garage metal, a midget serving shots on the bar with a half-handle, A$$-juice and some sketchy "Bacon Martini".  Lots of bikers outside, and a legion of locals skeetering around out in the streets.  For those who aren't familiar with Vegas, there are three realms where people go.  "The Strip", "Fremont Street" and everything "Off the Strip".The locals typically hangout everywhere "Off the Strip", free of tourists, families, free of bachlor and bachlorette parties, and of course where all the fun and flavor really is...  It's probably the closest place on Earth that I would liken to the Mos Eisley cantina.
4	The Double Down is a cool, unique, funky place. You never know what you are going to run into there. On any average night there are bikers, punks, frat guys, and  regular boring people too. It isn't your typical bar, but you can always count on having fun. I also like it because there is always a local band playing. It is important to support local music, so they have my vote for that.  If you are lucky enough to catch Ubershall playing, you are in for a treat. They are actually comprised of the band members from Blue Man Group who just go to jam. It is crazy fun to watch them do their thing. If you are brave, you can try a shot of Ass Juice as well. It never tastes the same because it is always a weird mix of left over bar stuff, but it is fun to just go for it. You only live once, right?Don't go expecting anything fancy. It is a dive bar, but it has a lot of heart. Give this place a shot and try something new. You just may like it!
5	I didn't make the gig because I was out of town, but I've been here on several other occasions. Small, torn up, rough and ready -- great drinks, strong drinks, loud music, cool bouncers. Come here to get blitzed and disoriented.
5	Hands down the best dive friendly bar in the world. Awesome place. Bartenders were nice and friendly. You must try the ass juice, it's strong and good. I wish this place was in Michigan.
2	Waaaay over rated.Getting 2 stars ONLY cause I have friends that work there & local support...somewhat. It used to be sooo good in the 90's..I guess everything was though. lol Bartenders think their shit don't stink. (and I'm a Bartender, so I have extra patience) SERVICE STINKS! At least the Security Guards are NOT DICKS! (which is usually the opposite). I gave this place several chances because of the bands that play there deserve support. IF Advising visitors to pass! TOO many other REAL LOCAL HANG OUTS, within walking distance too.
5	The dive bar you love to love.  The wall mural that reads "shut up and drink" kind of says it all.  Tuesday nights late (around 1am) is the my favorite, a jam session featuring some of the best professional musicians in town, talent from Cirque shows and the like show up to show off their chops.  It's pretty super duper.
3	Place is  pretty awesome.  I'm only giving it 3 stars, cause it's a  dive, and that's part of the awesomeness. Scott the bartender was great, and the drinks were very reasonable.. If you're looking to get some wings, and watch a game, this place isn't for you.
3	Giving this place a better rating than this would be an insult to this place. I spent some time here a while back. It was my spot for two years. Dark times...  As others have said, it is not for the faint at heart. Do not go here expecting an enlightening cultural experience. You remember that episode of No Reservations when Bourdain was here and he looked scared? He probably really was, and he was probably a little sad too. It's hard to enter this place and not feel the bitter tinge of sadness at what humanity has become and what it can stoop to at any moment. My experiences here range from waiting for a six foot blond who introduced herself as the "Paris Hilton of Salt Lake City"  to finish her lines on the counter in the mens bathroom so I could wash up (why wash, really?), to watching Freddy Krueger officiate a fat and drunken wedding on stage, to meeting my future wife for a pre-date drink. This place is the diviest dive bar to ever have dared to dive. It's filthy, decrepit, and full of losers and wannabes. Definitely a must see.  And the Ass Juice? Just don't. I don't care what kind of peer pressure you're under. Trust me, you don't want to fit in here anyway.
4	A dive bar in every sense of the word, and a damn good one!  If you come here for the dark, dive-y ambiance, this place will deliver.  And if you come here for the shot of "ass juice", don't come with high expectations.  It's as ass-y as the name makes it out to be, LOL.  BUT!... you can chase it with some good ol' PBR and enjoy a game of pool or some live entertainment.  With the door open and the fans going the joint wasn't really as smokey as I expected.  Great for tourists and locals alike.
4	I am a fan of dive bars. I practically lived in them in Chicago. With that said, there are two types of dive bars: the natural and the replica. I am not knocking the replica types, but a real dive bar comes around naturally. It is opened by a no-nonsense owner who wants a place to serve a shot and a beer, have a jukebox, and have a ball game on a TV. Replicas are fine, but sometimes it feels like they are trying too hard. This place serves A$$ Juice?! Whoa that is totally crazy and IN-YOUR-FACE!!! Easy, Double Down. I get it, you are a dive bar. You do not have to thrown it in my face and drown me in your rebellious ways. With all that said, this is still a decent joint. It is dark, dank, loud, and fun. But, PLEASE, have a stall with a door that locks for the toilet in the mens room. Fun is fun, but if I have to drop a deuce, that is my own business.
4	I'm a huge fan of this place. If you are looking to get away from the mess that is Vegas go here. For locals and visitors alike this is a raunchy joint where you can be yourself.  Think punk rock meets shots called "Ass Juice". The best part is from 12 pm- 5 pm Monday - Friday this place offers $2 anything...I do not know of any other place in Las Vegas where you can find a deal like this one. If you need a day away from the office, you know where you can head.My only complaint would be that this place gets super smokey since it is relatively small and gets crowded fast.
5	Just go. You're welcome.
5	Your first time at Double Down will be awesome.  Like, freaking awesome!  Imagine if a malevolent wildebeest ran at you out of nowhere and you were like "uh oh...this sucks..." but at the last minute you remember that you spent those 5 months in Solvang practicing a form of echolocation and as you unleash your banshee-like cry at the homicidal ungulate running towards you, it just so happens to match a frequency which activates some odd shift in DNA and the wildebeest quickly shrinks into a despondent sea cucumber and you hate to see a sea cucumber despondent so you befriend him and call him Tango and yourself Cash and you fight crimes together and end up traveling to the home planet of Predator only to find out that all of the aliens have big zippers behind their heads and when they pull them down they reveal themselves to be Bob Hoskins doing an impression of Yosemite Sam.That's what your first trip to Double Down will be like.  Better drink your Olympia!
5	I love dive bars.   I love everything about them.  The atmosphere, the sketchiness, the women, the fun... it's all awesome.   My buddy and I found ourselves here on a recommendation given to us by a casino bartender.   Several PBRs and shot later, I don't remember much about this place other than it was a great time.   That, and if anyone ever buys you booty juice, it's OK to say no.   I mean it, keep that booty juice out of your mouth.  It's not good for you.   It makes even the strongest guts want to vomit.
4	Hands down, my favorite place in Vega$. No 30Thousanddollionaires in fake Armani and Ed Hardy acting like Douchebags because the got "bottle service" and blew their rent to act rich. Nope. The Doubledown is the Anti-Vega$, the Real Vegas. Good music. Real People. And BACON BLOODY MARYS! Hell Yeah. Be forewarned. This is a DIVE. Someone should put pictures up on wikipedia of this place in the entry for "dive bar". Dirty, gritty, smelly and seedy. The Doubledown may look scary, but the best people I've met and the most fun I've had gas been here. Always my 1st stop when I get to Sin City. Luv It.
5	This is what a divebar is all about!Bingo...Ass juice... Bacon martiniSchlitz.Comedy night.What more does one need? Boom. I'm out.
5	My favorite dive bar in Vegas.  It's a no frills get loud and drunk kind of bar.  I read that several years ago Richard Cheese put on a Xmas show there... man that would have been special!
5	Best dive in Vegas. Great service. Gaming. Live music. Best jukebox.
5	Came to town for a conference awhile back.  Let it be known that I am not much of a Vegas guy, I am not super into gambling or untz-untz nightclubs.  So when it was time to drag my unwitting coworkers somewhere, I sought out somewhere with live music off the beaten path.  This is it.  Pretty divey in a good homey rock club kind of way.  The night we came here there was a surf rock trio playing Slayer and Sabbath covers. Right up my alley.  Good beers, cool staff, spot on.
4	I love this place. Hooray for Ass Juice, Puke Insurance, Moss, Ruckus, Mello, and the Dirty Bacon Martini. mmmm mm!  I've been going here FOREVER. I think I'm going to see Monster Zero, next weekend, as a matter of fact. Punk Rock Bingo, with Jen O Cide, DD Radio, free bands, pool, jukebox of punk and ska. That filthy couch...
5	A true gem in the city of sin!  This is the best dive bar I have ever been to and I found it thanks to Anthony Bourdain. The bacon martini was great, and so was the ass juice!  Friendly people, and a friendly bartender. I'll be back next time I'm in town!
3	The first time I went to the DD was 5 years ago.I was terrified.  I've been back a dozen times since then, and I always have fun.I never go to the DD specifically just to go there..I usually end up there with my girls after drinking and dancing at Freezone across the street.We love doing shots of Ass Juice.  You can get yours with a slim jim or a twinkie, but you have to ask.  Its a fun place, but if you DON'T like dive bars or punk bars...don't go.Also, get the bacon martini.  :D
5	I shouldn't be posting this, because of what could happen if too many tourists show up, but you're gonna find it anyway if this is your kind of bar. It's the real deal. Solid bands--punk and rockabilly the night I went. Good bartenders. Relatively cheap drinks. Grungy decor. Go.
5	Every time I go to the DD, I get drunk, meet a ton of people I don't remember, have a bunch of new numbers in my phone.Music scene is great, Grunge, Ska, Rockabilly!  Drinks are cheap! some girls are even cheaper!If you don't like Dive Bars, then its not for you!  But I have to give the DD the Official Dive Bar of the World Award!  This place is fun, dingy, dark, loud, smokey, full of skanks, douchebags, cheap drinks, what more could you ask for?Only one warning!  Don't, I repeat, Don't, Drink the Ass Juice!If you do, buy Puke Insurance!
5	Fuckin love the double down. If you're into punk and rock n roll, this is your place!
4	hmmm....what can I say about this place...local dive bar with a twist! This punk rock, grunge bar seems to be a favorite for all walks of life. Let's see...there was a preppy looking guy sitting next to a tatted up rock girl and myself...hmm interesting bunch at a bar! The fun story of the evening was that the tatted up girl had just gotten out of the hospital and went directly to this bar.  :-) Nice!  Oh and I found out that everyone sitting at the bar hated California! haha...heyyyyy...I'm from California! :-(So during my visit I was "forced" (yes that's right...forced) to do a shot of what they call "Ass Juice" served in a toilet bowl.  Nice touch! I'm still trying to figure out what exactly it's made up of. Anyhow, I've read a lot of reviews about this drink and maybe I am the one off but it really wasn't that bad and I definitely didn't feel the need to puck! Fun is all I can say...but hey, why didn't I get my twinkie or slim jim afterwards?  I feel cheated! :-) Repeat...So my visit there was short and sweet. The stage is inviting to bands, however, there were no bands that evening.  Cheated again! :-) I take it from all the reviews, the bands are mostly grunge, punk & ska genres and could of made it an even better atmosphere. Looks like I'll have to make my way back here when a band is in session.The walls are filled with lots of things...what those things are, I couldn't really tell you.  But a lot to look at. Did I see fetish things on the wall...hmmm...I think so! :-) Well, if your into local bars, this is your place!  If you're going to visit this place here is some advise: stay open minded and the take the stick out of your ....well you know! :-) Interesting, eclectic place with friendly people. Oh and next time I want my Twinkie or Slim Jim! :-) haha
4	Fun times at this downtown dive bar!The Double Down did an admirable job of handling the exceptionally LARGE group I was with as part of a pub crawl event.  I loved the dark, dingy punk rock decor and kick ass soundtrack while we were here.  I'd like to stop in again sometime to see what it's like when not overrun by a marauding mob; seems like my kind of place!
5	If you are looking for the mother of all low down, grungy, dim-lit yet energetic punk rock dive bars, the double down is for you! They also have tons of great shows, and neved charge a cover for any of them. My only gripe is that the drinks are pricey for being a dive with no draft beer. But, when you consider the off-the-strip location plus the fact that they basically put on shows for free, it makes sense.
5	You want a dive bar?  Come to the best dive bar on earth - Double Down Saloon.I absolutely ADORE this place.  It's small, quaint and the bartenders and regulars are super-friendly.Is it a dive bar?  Yes.  Is it dingy?  Yes.  Will you have a French server in a three-piece suit with a handlebar mustache who asks you for the Riesling? No.My friend from out-of-town wanted to come here and I kept hearing great things about it, so off we went.  As soon as we got carded by the very friendly bouncer (ahem, all other bouncers in Vegas, take note) we popped a squat at the bar and chit chatted among our group as well as the bartender.Ass juice smells good, and my friend who got it said it was pretty damn tasty.  Will have to try that next time.We also did the photobooth - two bucks! BAM. Awesome.Cheap drinks, great company, eclectically decorated.  As many upscale bars already exist in Vegas, this is certainly a breath of fresh air.  If you're expecting fancy, go somewhere else.  If you're expecting chill, go here.
4	dive bar, fun times!
3	Great dive bar. I love the bacon bloodymary! If you go out and rage the best thing to do the next morning is to take a cab to Double Down the next morning and have a few of the bloodymarys HANGOVER GONE! I have been a few time they have live music and it is a fun time. Only reason I give this bar 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is that I do not smoke and it seems that most of the people who like this bar do. The first time i went the smoke was so thick that when I smelled my jacket the next morning I almost threw up it smelled so bad. I suggest that you check this place out but I also suggest that you wash your clothes ASAP the next day.
5	Brett the Bartender rocks. The happy hour is insane ,$2 any drink until 5pm! classic CBGB's atmosphere. Truly the Happiest place on Earth!
5	A true punk bar. Love the gritty down to earth in your face tones. The ass juice is wayy better than it sounds. Love the live music n crazy bathrooms
4	I have not been in the past thirteen years and I started to go there in the late 80's.  That how long this great crap hole of a bar has been around.  For all you people who order the "ass juice", it will make you puke.  When the bartender finishes a bottle they tip it upside down into an 1800 tequila bottle and leave it until the next bottle is finished.  Every kind of alcohol goes in there except Bailey's because it will cause the ass juice to curdle.  The DD is an adventure and is definitely a great experience especially if you like punk.
4	I  heard about this from a recommendation from Anthony Bourdain. I finally got a chance to check this place out a few weeks ago. When I first got here I wanted the Ass juice. My girlfriend that I came with also was willing to try it so when ordering I was expecting a toilet bowl but got a basic shot glass. You can imagine my upset so I quickly questioned the bartender. He told me with a annoyed look on his face " It will be 12$ if you want the toilet bowl" I said Who CARES! its the whole reason I came!!! so he fixed my drink and bottoms up I got the chance to take tons of photos with me drinking the nasty sweet mixture of nastiness. You even get to keep the shot glass which I think is a great deal in this town for just 12$ .  The crowd at this place appeared to be pretty mixed. Everyone we encountered was really nice though.  It was a Saturday night and they had a band playing. Once I got a bit of a Buzz I of course had to try the Bacon Martini. The Bartender honestly told me that I DID NOT WANT TO TRY It but since I was tipsey I insisted. What upsets me is I forgot the reviews I read where I could get it in a Bloody Mary and improve the taste but since I was a bit wasted I tried it in all its glory and well its DISGUSTING. I was trying to force myself to drink it for so long that by the time I went with my friend to the restroom ( which was surprisingly clean) I came back to find that the bartender had trashed my drink. Since it was bought by someone else I didn't get too mad but the bartenders attitude and the fact he trashed my drink prevents me from giving this place 5 stars. I really do think its a fun place to check out with very reasonable prices. They are located just a little bit down the street from the Hardrock Hotel so it isn't on the strip but close enough. We also got a chance to take photos in a photo booth and just have a fun time in a not so dive..dive bar.
4	The Double Down has been a stop for our last couple trips to Vegas en route to the hotel.Where do I start... This is a no holds barred dive bar from hell. Don't expect any fancy decor or, for that matter, even decent lighting. The first time I walked in, I was so disoriented by how dark it was compared to how sunny it was outside I about ran into the wall (could have been the booze from the flight, I suppose).The a$$ juice is their signature shot and I think it's pretty good (think Hawaiian Punch and booze concoction). It was $4-5 per shot which is fair but not exactly a bargain. I haven't heard anyone who liked te bacon martini so I would avoid it.I have only been there on weekends mid-afternoon and both times it was dead... I would recommend going at night for the crowd or trying their weekday happy hour.I give DD Saloon 4 stars for the easy to get to location (by car, not walking), close parking, great weekday happy hour, and overall raw dive bar vibe. I would go 5 stars if they ran their happy hour all weekend. Judging by the mid-day crowd they have no reason not to. Still, it's a good spot to meet up with a group for a quick happy hour to get your Vegas trip started the right way.
5	Best Dive Bar EverI love the Double Down, I haven't been in a long time but it's time to go back. I almost forgot about this place and how much I loved it, thanks Yelp for reminding me. Remember to say hello to Mellow when you go, he's a really nice guy he makes Double Down the great place it is. I know what I'm doing this weekend! See ya there!
5	This is the best bar of all time.  Truly!   They are open 24/7!  Score. My friend and I came in at 530 am to play pool after hanging at the strip club.  I can tell you it was way more fun than the strip club!   They have super cool graffiti all over the walls.  Pool tables. Cheap alcohol.  Drinks like ass juice!  It doesn't taste like ass but it does taste just like robitussin cough medicine. Every bartender I've ever met here has been super cool.  There's all kinds of interesting characters to keep you intertwined and the best punk jukebox in the world.  My favorite bar in the whole world. I so want to live here but I don't think they would let me!
4	New castle and surf music. No cover, not badI think the Cover for this place is a punch in the face. Yeah it's that rough
3	Considering how close the Double Down Saloon was to UNLV, I went here with a friend after a school night to see what all the hype is about, and if the this dive bar lived up to its punk rock image.My expectations were decently met. The inside definitely looks as though it were a resurrection of the infamous CGBG club of NYC (aka the birthplace of American punk)--they even nailed down the whole 'dirty restrooms of CGBG' right. Seriously; take a trip to the restroom but prepare to hold your breath while doing so because it's definitely a sight to see (I don't suggest taking a piss or a dump here for the weak-minded).The song selection was pretty hardcore, too. Black Flag, Circle Jerks, and a ton of hardcore punk bands on the more obscure side--just my kind of thing. It's pretty much worth taking a look through the jukebox as you can find some gems in there. And of course, the Double Down Saloon makes sure to play punk classics such as the Sex Pistols, The Ramones and The Clash.Given the nature of the bar, they attract all kinds of 'punx'--greasers, rockabilly chicks rocking the Bettie Page bangs, street punks, psychobilly freaks, (thrash) metalheads, and the occasional (80's traditional) post-punk goth girl.If Las Vegas had any sort of 'alternative' scene going on, it's alive and well inside this tiny bar. Don't let this hardcore image intimidate you, however; the employees and patrons welcome people from all walks of life. Pretty much everyone is here to have a good time.There's even live bands every now and then, although expect the genres to be of the rockabilly/psychobilly/punk/metal sort. I've yet to catch a metal act here, although I do hope that bands still play some good cross-over thrash. Besides, it's this hardcore punk influence that helped to shape the early days of metal.The downsides to having this kind of ambience is the thick smell of cigarette smoke that stays in the air, and this may be a problem for some. Also, while the drinks may be on the cheap side, my friend deemed it a rip-off that he had to pay so much for something so basic like a martini that is served only in plastic cups instead of glasses. Not only that, but the bartenders seem to like filling drinks with so much ice, which is a bit of a snitch move--that means less actual liquid content in the cup.Said friend and I have yet to try the famous Bacon Martini (we still can't stomach such idea), but we did try the Ass Juice. I can't remember what my friend's thought on it was, but for me...let's just say that the juice lives up to its name a bit. Although I deemed it to taste more like those nasty, cherry-flavored cold medicines (blech, Tylenol flavor...).While the drink and music selections were decent, I found that there really wasn't much to do at this small place. The billiard tables always seemed to be occupied, and one can only take so many pictures at their photo booth. Pinball can be boring after a while, and the bands that play on stage are a hit or miss.Friend and I decided that after trying out their drinks that we'd only come back here if they lowered the prices a bit or at least serve some drinks in glasses. I'd only come back if there's a band I'm really interested in seeing. Otherwise, it's still worth visiting this place at least once for its uniqueness. Luckily, the Double Down Saloon is open 24/7, so take advantage of their Happy Hour specials.
4	For the dive bar that it is, its a good one. Not much to say here, We came on an off night, being as there were only 5 people at the bar and ourselves but still had a fun time. We also found a couple hundred dollars in poker chips on the floor so that was cool haha gave them to the bartender and he told us to keep them. We will def return on a friday or saturday!
3	I want to like this place more, but I couldn't get over the attitude from the bartender and patrons midweek. Yeah, I'm not a local, but I was at the NYC location so I get what the bar is about. While I can't get ass juice at other bars, I can get bacon martinis at other bars, so I'm not so drawn to come back.
4	Yep, it's a dive bar.  I found it strange there weren't more people on a Thursday night though.It was pretty dead the night I went, but there was no cover, and I had some interesting conversations with people and saw some even more interesting things on the TV's at the bar...The Ass Juice tastes just like it sounds.  Like ass!  But it is loaded with liquor and cheap.  I just got the regular shooter for 4 bucks because the toilet version is 10 bucks.  (I didn't want to carry it around all night.)  Genesee cans (Say what?) are also really cheap.  I also felt the bartender was way too cute to be working there.Anyway, the highlight of my visit was the TV's at the bar.  Weird ass cartoon porn, blow up doll porn, and movie trailers from bizarre C-movies I'd never even heard of.  According to a local, it used to be worse.  Hard to imagine, but still funny in an odd sort of way.Worth a stop if you're in the area and if you want to tell your friends you had Ass Juice.
4	So this is my second review... I finally made it to this bar on a Saturday evening with bands playing. Finally!!! The vibe in this place doesn't change with or without a band. Still your typical local dive bar. No matter what your style is, this place is certainly a great time. Last night had an eclectic crowd from men in Tux's to women in stripper attire. Fun fun fun....If you enjoy hearing local rock bands this is the spot for you! You may not like them all but you'll have a great time!Becoming a favorite spot...
4	A dive bar in the desert, no this is  not a mirage. A small place located between Swenson and Paradise near the Thomas and Mack sits the DD. A very dark and sketchy atmosphere  with  stickers, graffiti, posters and hand made drink special signs covered from wall to wall this place is a hidden gem. There is a small stage inside for bands but I haven't had the pleasure of catching a show.
4	A great dive Bar with metal and punk on the juke box  Cheap pool  and a fun place  hang out and meet locals
5	As someone who recently moved to Las Vegas from San Diego, I'd have to say this bar reminds me the most of the punk bars I'd frequent back home. It's a dive, the drinks are cheap, and their signature "ass juice" drink is a must try. They got a juke box with a ton of cool punk, and there's always bands on the weekend. I must also add, that I liked it enough to where I dragged the band up from SD to do a show there as well. You have to set up the PA yourself for the most part (but all us musicians know how to run a PA). As a performer, I can say they treated us well and we had a great show. I'm down to drink there or play there anytime. Bonus is that the girls that hang out there are way cuter than the San Diego punk bars.
5	There is not a better punk venue in Las Vegas than the Double Down Saloon. It is definitely not for everybody but i can not get enough of this place. There are 4 guarantees every time you visit the double down when live bands are playing.1) your ears will be ringing the rest of the night2) your shoes will be sticky3) you will meet some interesting folks4) your will not go broke buying a round of drinks for your friendsIn my opinion, If a punk venue can not offer all of the above, they are not doing it right. Above the entrance reads "The happiest place on earth" and slogans painted on the walls like "Shut up and drink". This is one of my favorite spots to stop with some friends and have a cheap drink, listen to some live music and let off a little steam.
5	This is the only place in Las Vegas that matters. Don't go unless you like dives, punk jukeboxes, cheap booze (best happy hour) pool, pinball, good conversation and second hand smoke. This is where I go to feel like a human. Keep it up Double Down.
5	This is by far the strangest establishment I have ever gotten intoxicated in. There was a strange man dancing in a morph suit (not an employee) and there's a manikin with a relatively large dick with porn magazine cutouts taped all over it. There was also a man at the bar with his whole face tattooed. If you're sick of regular Vegas strip stop in here it's an interesting experience...
2	Look I have no issues with dive punk shit bars but do NOT charge me $13 for vodka and red bulls and then serve me "red bull" from a bar tap (it was NOT) and I ask the bartender and he said it was. Lier, period point blank. The Ass drink was very sweet and not anything strong for the cost. Maybe it has seen better days or maybe they caught on to the fact that people like me (and YOU) are using yelp to find quality places and taking advantage of it, just like CBGBs did in NYC... Service was ok drinks EXPENSIVE considering it a single $ sign and off strip. If I want to spend $6-8 per drink, you can do that ON the strip with actual red bull or no bs. Go by during music, yeah sure but a single $ it is not, nor a 4.5 stars.
4	How can you not like this place? Its a lude, crude blatant dive bar. The employees make you laugh, you can drink their own little concoction of liquors from a souvenir toilet bowl and not pay too much all at the same time. You can be yourself here and not worry about it!!! I would probably avoid the restroom though, its not as clean as you'd expect and the jury is still out on if there will be toilet paper when you need it!!
5	Best punk rock bar there is and ever will be.    Totally trashy and dirty looking , free shows  and lots of fun.       On a side note use the restroom before u get there
5	Second favorite Bar ever to start or end the night. Straight from their a#% to your glass, try the A#% juice, its fantastic. Always free music! and great juke box from Punk to Old punk.
5	For when we girls get sick of the glam and need some grit. Good strong drinks, super divey, no frills.
5	Hands down, this is my forever favorite place in Las Vegas. It's grimey, weird & 100% punk rock. Staff is wonderful as well as the regulars... It truly is "the happiest place on earth". For those who can hang that is... ;)
5	The Double Down is a true shithole.  The drinks are not good, the smell is something I can't quite place (thankfully), the girls are seedy and the music is loud.  So why 5 stars?  Cuz fuck you, that's why!  This place is my kinda joint, gritty and punk rock.  Will always go back when in town.
5	Placed adjacently at the edge, facing away from the cities "fruit loop" you will discover an imaginary shithole-in-the-wall that can only be known as the Double Down Saloon.  What could this be?  You think when you enter the somewhat pain in the ass parking lot, which will be full any weekend night.  *Don't worry they open up the lot to the south of it, weekends.*  Which is kind of a pain in the ass to get to if you don't know where it is also.Well, when you finally step foot onto the parking lot a sign reading "The happiest place on Earth" above the name fiendishly monikers your apprehension.  There will be much doubt of that when you notice the constant overflow of dreg patrons suckling down tobacco products and leaning leering and laughing outside it's doors.  The crowd may consist of tattered denim clad twitchy belching Mohawks of all variants & distinctive colours.  There could be corset adorned Gothic fairies prancing in all black.  You may spot a cuff jean'd greaser with a t-shirt, a pomp & the stink-eye (that would have been me).  Maybe even a sports bar bag of douche or a group of slumming rich kid yuppie fucks.  Either way this murky watering hole is like the Serengeti for the not too skittish creatures of Las Vegas. If you can muster the cojones to show your I.D. to the giant burly bouncers seated by the door.  After you pass this test of courage you realize that, that's all there was to it.  If you are used to punk rock scenes than you will fit like a glove.  If not, then this will be a good induction of it for you.  The bartenders will bust yer balls.  The jukebox is a golden goose and the bathrooms are frightening.  Everyone has to mention that the place is sticky.  Yeah, well so is yer mom!  You will have no constituency or compass of etiquette here.  The only rule would be.. You make a mess you clean it.  Whether it be puke, words or in the mosh pit.  The women are vulgar, the men are sadistically nihilistic.  No one gives a shit about your six digit income or what you do or where you come from.  For this is the final outlet of the old wild west.  A saloon updated to accept not the cowboys & injuns, but the outlaws of today's society.The drinks are cheap and don't order anything too fancy either.  You come here for the signature drinks and to get drunk & listen to punk rock.  The jukebox is my personal favorite.  Old Vegas Rat Pack surf punk new punk psychobilly rockabilly!   The walls have lowbrow surrealistic murals that are thickly painted over a quarter inch thick from the 2 decades of punk rock revelry.  The bathroom has no lock for the boys.  The pisser is close enough to the toilet that with no separator as a splash guard, you don't want to take a shit here, basically.  Every show and live act that has played here at the Double Down is & always will be FREE.  They have much more than punk rock bands for entertainment.  There's Surf music, rockabilly, hard rock, metal, abstract jazz, live sideshow acts, etc.Order up an Ass Juice from "the Ass Juice toilet" 15$ and you have yourself a miniature ceramic toilet shot glass that adorns the "Double Down Ass Juice" on it, with a surprise in the bottom.  It's a tiny sculpted turd, that made me soo happy to find!  In fact, that pretty much sums up this place for me.  "The Double Down Saloon is a tiny sculpted turd that makes me soo happy!"  Yeah!  Have a drink, toss some bucks in the Juke and see why sir Bourdain names this the top bar in Vegas.
5	This place is awesome. One of the best dive bars I've ever been to. It's covered floor to ceiling with stickers and they play punk music really loud. It's awesome!!! We stumbled into this spot a few days ago and had a great time playing pool and chatting with the bartender. They had good happy hour specials, everything was two bucks. Can't beat that. They have a lot of really good house drinks, try the ass juice, it's delicious.
4	This place is NOT for the faint of heart. It is very punk oriented, with walls painted black and decorated with skulls and various creepy things. The TV monitors are playing snippets of old horror movies mixed with 60's pornos mixed with creepy cartoons. You never know what you will see on the screen next. I've been here multiple times since I do like the dive type bars. It is darker inside here than it is outside at night,  so give your eyes time to adjust. Enjoy the punk atmosphere. Gotta try the "ass juice" if you dare to venture here!
5	I walked here from the strip because I thought it would be an adventure, and it was!  Got to see some cool, and at times, strange live musicAlso got to see the last band of the night get kicked out of the establishmentStickers everywhere!
5	Ridiculously great bartenders. From Noon til 5, Monday through Friday, you can have any drink in the bar for $2.They have Slim Jim's and Twinkies.Free shows all the damn time.
5	Super rough punk dive bar. Close enough to Hofbrau, Hard Rock and a shady little strip club to have a whole night of random entertainment within walking distance of each other. Cheap drinks, awesome juke box, interesting/suspicious crowd. Feels sketchy, but possibly the only time I'd suggest you ignore gut intuition. A must if you're a dive bar connoisseur and/or punk lover such as myself.
4	Loved this place from the get go!! I'm a new local to vegas, and this spot reminds of Anarchy Library in downey,ca.. Well be back real soon
5	Second time here , came a few years ago with friends and they were more the ultra club type , lol so we didn't even stay for a drink , this time though , I sat down and enjoyed a drink with a friend , that was meeting a friend , they had a cool band playing and a burlesque girl dancing around , it was a pretty interesting vibe !! The staff and patrons , I would have to say are some of the friendliest around !!! It was by no means a pretty place more dump than dive , lol !! But all in all a really cool place to hang out !! And 10$ for 2 drinks , it's by far one of the cheapest nights you can spend in Vegas !! I'm gonna try it again and have one of their famous bacon Martinis , I didn't have the nerve to try one out this visit , but looking forward to try one next time their !!
5	I live steps away from the DD, so I do tend to frequent there. Not as much as the Office, but still enough to know the regulars and all the bartenders and bouncers :) the ass juice isn't as bad as it sounds, really fruity... and I have the souvenir toilet they can serve it in . Bacon martini - well, I don't like martini's anyway, but I think bacon bloody mary's are more the way to go. Just my opinion though. :) If you gamble, people tend to win frequently on their video poker machines so I say go for it and bet max ;) Butters and Melo are my fave bartenders, if you have a chance - visit Melo at Frankie's Tiki Room - he bartends Sun & Mon nights there and their cocktails are amazing. He's also from Hawaii so just adds to the experience ;)
5	Been to the bar numerous of times.. First off it's in the fruit loop district but don't let the name of the area scare you away..The bartender Melo is a great guy from Hawaii.. The please is definitely a dive bar. Great Bands on Fridays and sometimes Saturdays.. If you're looking for a place with cheap drinks and a crazy night this place is for you..
5	Me n my girl went there Wednesday nite to cap off our stay in Vegas and weren't disappointed. We got turned on to this dive from my punk rock boy mike who was local. Thee Swank Bastards was playing that nite n it was great! PBRs, cool music, cool bartender(Chris) n our cool cab driver Kenny made the whole experience awesome! Will, as always, check it here when I'm in Vegas. The DD rocks!
5	I've only been there once almost 11 years ago and I still rant and rave about how Ass Juice was the best shot/alcohol I've ever had! Just sayin! =)
5	So yes, I am bot a loca, even though I have spent enough time in this town to be one. Whenever I roll into town thos place is my forst stop. Fucking LOVE this place!!! Must get bacon martini! Warning: If you have a newcomer or someone that is not keen to Vegas dive bars, either leave them on the strip or shut up and drink!
5	It's what a dive bar is all about.  Great atmosphere,  outstanding jukebox and a very good bar staff.  I'll not come to Vegas again without a stop in.
5	This place is super fun music is hella loud and the drinks are so heavy you can't ask anything better
5	This would be my favourite bar in Vegas. I looovvveooeoeoloveee their jukebox, and snack machines and their shitter... BEST OF ALL, the photobooth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And plus, I saw this rad girl band 'Sin Quince' there, and they gave me eargasms. It's small, and smelly but it makes ME happy.
5	This is by far my favorite dive bar in Las Vegas and if you give it chance, it will probably end up being yours too. It's not just divey, it's dingy. It's Raw. It's unadulterated and it's sinful. You come here to dig deep down into your nasty soul and exercise your inner demons. You come to be amongst the damned. And being damned never felt so good. The decor harkens me back to the days of CBGD's in NYC when rock was punk and hangovers were something to aim for, not to avoid. They host live bangs and have a killer juke box and a cigarette machine (which is reason enough to visit the joint). They have 50's tv sets mounted along the bar which steams 24/7 (as they never close) violent and perverse animated cartoons and exploitation film trailers. Note: Dare you to be on psychedelics here. I double down dare you. They have a signature drink called 'Ass Juice' and they advertise it with an illustration of a skeleton figure squatted over a toilet squirting fire water out of its ass. I know I'm in. Brilliant advertising if you ask me. The customers are mostly people who work and live in Las Vegas which I like to surround myself with as much as possible when I visit their fare city. If you happen to hang there past 5 or 6 am you might see an influx of strippers getting off work and blowing off some steam which is a whole other level of free entertainment. The slogan is "SHUT UP AND DRINK" which is a maxim that I am happy to stand behind. Even if you think you are not the breed of cat that would enjoy yourself here. I challenge you to come on by and give it an hour.It is a non-judgmental place. All are united under this tent of debauchery and I think it will speak to some part of you, however small.
3	I watched childbirth on there tv above the bar, drank out of a mini toilet and was surrounded by bikers. Besides being the only non gay place around this little area, it was ok.
5	Sweet place. Sweet jukebox with a great music selection. Must try ass juice shot. Place has a cool look and awesome vibes. Only thing is they have no beers on tap. Bottles only.
4	Wow! I'm mean, wow! This bar is wild. Want to crack up out-of-town guests. This place will leave them speechless - check out their drink specials. LOL
4	We swooped up my BIL on Gobble Gobble Day 2014, NEED to start our Thanksgiving right. Anthony B...ASS Juice  & bacon martini! YUM & we got photobombed!!! Thankful
4	Fun punk venue with live music! Always open and always busy! Great bartenders and friendly bouncers. Full bar with funny drink names! Doesn't get grungier than this!
3	My New Orleans dive bar radar psychic gifts randomly led me to find this joint after I had become fully disgusted with the boring scene in the casinos.  I enjoy hanging out here much more than in any casino bar or club.  I did experience one really weird night with some dude bawling next to me and trying to tell me some weird stories about his childhood that motivated me to depart early on one visit.  This seems to be one of the few popular 24/7 spots that is just a plain dive bar instead of a casino in Vegas and it makes me feel right at home.  The service is quick, efficient and friendly.  The only thing I'm not a fan of in this joint is that it gets really smokey sometimes.
4	If you want an awesome dive bar with good drinks and free live music head on down! place is messy and grungy and a total dive but thats what makes it the famous double down... dont come here expecting something else... just dont!!!  Bartender was fast and place was crowded at 2am on a now Sunday morning!  All in all just a good time!
4	Swung in here for the happy hour special (noon to 8 or something) and loved it!  Stayed out a little later than normal on Fremont St the night before, so needed something to take the edge off quickly the next am.  I am a dive bar fan having vising a crap load of em whilst growing up on the southside of chicago.   And a dive bar indeed.  Be sure to set expectations appropriately. Anyway, $2 specials. Beer, shot of beam, or mix drink.  Ass juice was a tad sweet for me, but my date, she loved it. Great service and had a good local crew ("this fool was arrested for not having brakes on his bike"...bahahaha).  Solid juke box.  Food available and delivered near by. Funky washrooms (love the toilet paper rolls on the chain link), painted walls and all. Stickers abound with some type of drunk, crazy spray painting...sorta like a tagger went insane or something.  Pretty cool. No funny smells or bar flies.  Brand spanking new, shiny, white, Kohler top of the line, urinal in the mens room.  Nice touch. Nice place for a quick stop on the way to the airport (after some quick gaming at terribles-ie silver sevens...ha).Good afternoon buzz!
5	This is the King of Vegas dive bars and  I'm proud to say I'm a regular. It's become popular lately due to being on a bunch of TV shows but they haven't let that get to their heads. The bartenders still don't take any $hit, the drinks are cheap, the bands loud and fast and free, and the regular customers are down to earth. Make sure to get an ass juice shot your first time there then stick to the 12 pm - 5 pm happy hour where everything is $2.00 and keep to the hard stuff.
2	I think this place can do for a cleaning, some say it adds to the appeal, but you can get the same "vibe" without feeling like needing extra soap when leaving. Drinks are cheap and pretty strong for the price or at least what I expected. I went out on my own looking for chat with some new people to have drinks with and shoot the breeze but it seems like this place is full of groups of people not really into expanding outside of their clicks. Dive bar that will get a group of people drunk reasonably quickly. No music going on the night I went, so maybe I missed a lot of the appeal of it, I will re-visit and update if I feel it's needed.
4	Love his place. It is truly "The Happiest Place on Earth!" Great jukebox, pinball, bands, cigarettes and sleaze. One rule: "You puke, you clean."
5	This bar is everything I hoped it would be - Dark, a bit Dirty, a bit eccentric, and a great deal of awesome.  I had to have the touristy and popular "ass juice" but didn't feel the need to buy the toiled shaped glass for 8 bucks.  Great jukebox if you are into punk, straight edge and classics.  We missed the 2 dollar happy hour but drinks are still reasonable.  The couple next to us ordered a bacon martini - Maybe next time.Although I lost playing video poker, the bar at least makes it fun and allows you to win enough to play for a while.  Loved the bar and its pretty close to the strip so I'm sure I will be back.
