5	Don't give out 5's to many, but this burger joint deserves the rating.  Burgers all cooked to your liking and toppings No extra charge(except avocado).  They also have turkey burgers and garden burgers. grilled chicken,  grilled cheese, and kosher hot dogs can be done to your specs , too! Had the fries which are fresh cut and not greasy! Yummy!Great for a date or the family. Have TVs with sports. Beer and wine available.
5	Great place to grab an excellent burger (one of best in S. Charlotte!) and homemade fries, sweet potota froes, tater tots, fried pickles etc.  A little pricey but no more than 5 Guys with MUCH better atmosphere and better service.Build-your-own salads, burgers with every topping imaginable, beer selection and great kids meals, this "joint" should do great there!They have been open only a few days and the ordering process was pretty slow (I'm sure they'll work it out, maybe with a checklist you fill out before getting to register) but it was well worth the wait!Try it out!
3	Cute place but customer ordering flow was a bit odd.  Burgers cooked perfectly with a wide variety of toppings.  Great kids' meals.  Milkshake was very disappointing - I find Chik-Fil-A to taste MUCH better.  Won't be running back, but I think it will do well in this location.
5	BT's burger joint is great! the price is appropriate for the quality of the food, the service is friendly and works hard and fast, and the environment is great. I highly recommend the shakes and bacon cheeseburger. I will definitely be coming back for more, hoping this restaurant stays around for awhile.
4	I'm not much of a shopper/visitor to The Promenade, but there are plenty of nice eateries, places to shop, hang out, and relax. BT's opened their second location here on the corner of one of the strips and seems to be a nice addition to the burger scene in Crown Town. Though I see some hiccups, bottlenecks, and negatives, this place serves up some comparable fare for those craving one of America's favorites foods between two slices of bread.We made it in for a late lunch on Sunday afternoon. The interior is almost a curved shape with the main line funneling down the center of the restaurant. This is one of the biggest losses. It doesn't utilize the space well and tends to create an odd line that blocks walkways for the rest of the restaurant traffic and staff. I think this can be circumvented easily, however. The staff is awesome, thoughtful, and kind. Very nice people all around. Again, it was busy, but it did take over 15 minutes for our food to be brought to our table (two salads and two burgers). Not the biggest deal in the world. I was just really hungry, haha. I ordered the custom salad. Spinach/ice berg, jalepenos, black beans, shrooms, carrots, chickpeas, a veggie burger for protein and the balsamic. The salad, although delicious, was so skimpy. A cereal sized bowl and definitely not worth the price. If it were even 25% larger, it would be worth it. I was just craving a bit more of the additional veggies and would have loved to have seen more in the bowl...and a larger bowl at that. Though I cannot comment on the burgers, they look absolutely fantastic. The care that is taken is evident and their product really does look amazing. Looking forward to coming back fora burger...or three!BIG BONUS! They have a 40/20 challenge! 40oz burger in 20 minutes. I can't WAIT to try this!
3	My family of 4 visited BT's on a Saturday night.  We arrived to a line out the door @ approximately 6:00 so we were pleasantly surprised to find open tables to sit at.  We waited in the order line for less than 10 minutes and the process was pretty easy.   We ordered 4 burgers, fried pickles (appetizer) and small orders of tater tots, fries, and sweet potato fries as the burger sides.   It was a warm night so we ate outside.  The patio is a nice size and the servers were attentive so we didn't fell forgotten since we were outside.  The Fried Pickles came out within a few minutes.  They looked great, but were so salty that none of us could eat them.  The server took them back and removed the charge from our bill.Approximately 15 minutes after placing our order, the burgers and sides arrived.  They all looked great and were piping hot.  Everyone in my party had standard cold condiments on their burgers, but I had grilled onions and mushrooms and they were just 'ok'.   A tad greasy and not seasoned well enough.  Not terrible, but not crave-worthy either.  Everyone enjoyed their burgers and sides, but all of us agreed that everything (except for the pickles) were greatly under-seasoned and that the Tater Tots were too greasy.  Yes, I know...they are fried in grease, but...they were on the edge of being inedible because they were so greasy.  The ordering process was easy, the service was good, and the prices are quite decent.  With all of the taken into consideration, we might try it again to see if maybe we just caught it on an off night.  This will not be our first choice for a quick service burger (that, of course, is Five Guys), but if we are in the area and craving a burger, we might stop back in.   If we do...and it's better...I will be happy to revise my rating.  But for now, it's only a 3-star in our book.On a positive note...It was nice to be able to order a burger medium-well and have it actually come out medium-well and not well done!
3	Burgers were okay. We ordered three burgers and a salad. My wife said the salad was great. We asked for the burgers to be medium and they came out well done (no pink inside).The tater tots and sweet potato fries were okay also.
4	On this, my first visit to BT's, I got takeout... I shall update if I find the opportunity and company to eat in, but this review is juuuuuuuust for my takeout experience, which was okily dokily (like a 3 3/4 star).I was brain dead this particular evening.  Long day at work with lots of numbers, which make me derpyduhhhhhhhh.  I really wanted to get Chinese takeout, but have vowed to try new places (so I can Yelp about them!).  BT's wins for this night.4 stars for the interior - very cool.  Nice open space, although the flow to order/checkout is a bit odd.  The menu is up at the top of the wall and spread out - the next time I will check out the menu beforehand so I know what I am getting, my poor old eyes aren't what they used to be.5 stars for the poor employee who drew the short straw and had to wait on me.  When asked what kind of cheese I wanted on my 6 oz bacon cheeseburger, my reply was "orange?"  (seriously, it had been that kind of day).  I also ordered a regular order of tots and a 1/2 order of fried pickles.  The haul:  When opening the bag, I noticed that the fried pickles and tots are in styrofoam cups with no lid on them, sitting up in the bag.  This prevents steam from sogging down the fried goodness, but since I take corners going 45 mph, I had tots and picks all over the inside of the bag.  No big, now I know how they pack stuff and I shall be more careful with the placement of the bag and my NASCAR driving skillz next time.  I had many ketchup packets (YAY!), and since I had asked for mayo on the side, I had a small container of mayo as well.  Points for granting my request of condiments on the side as to not make my buns mushy (mushy buns are bad!).The burger:  Cooked as I had requested and juicy.  The bun reminded me of a round version of a Wendy's bun for some reason.  The bacon seemed to be fresh cooked instead of pulled from a container of bacon that had been made at 9:00 am.  Points for that.  Yum.The tots:  Soft on the inside and slightly crunchy on the outside.  I like my tots to be super crunchy, but these were tasty.Fried pickles:  Not pickle chips, not spears, more like those sandwich stacker pickles?  Nice crunchy, well flavored fried coating.  I had some ranch dressing at home that I dipped them in.  I am anxious to go back and try a hot dog with chili and cheese.  The sweet potato fries also look pretty darn tempting.  I shall return!
3	We decided to try a new burger place as opposed to the usual Bad Daddy's. BT"s is located where Wolfgang Puck and that pizza place that lasted 6 months were. Upon entering, the place seemed much smaller than I remembered. The decor wasn't bad--it felt as if I was about go so surfing or something.Ordering is the typical order it at the counter and they bring it to you style. Ordering was easy enough--I got a 6 ounce burger cooked medium rare with honey mustard. After about 20 minutes, the burger finally came out, and it was cooked medium-well. If it was medium I would have been fine, but it went back. Literally a minute later a new burger came out which was cooked somewhat better. The honey mustard had no taste. I had to resort to putting ketchup on it. Oh well, empty calories. The burger itself wasn't bad at all--it is between a fast food burger and a gourmet burger. Service was fine. With the little interaction we had, I thought they did a fine job. Would I go back? Maybe. It may be worth another shot, but really, I could always go to Bad Daddy's or Five Guys.
2	Who doesn't want to spend more money for a Five Guys quality burger?The atmosphere is sort of surfer, Hawaiian burger shoppe, that's kinda douchey, but also kind of works.  The burgers are ok, but nothing special.  The real surprise is the price, which is quite a bit higher than a Five Guys competitor.Two adult burgers, one kids meal, two orders of fries = $26?  give me a break!  The price, unfortunately, makes BT's a less than good value option for dinner or lunch.You're better off spending $20 for similar quality and larger quantity at Five Guys or Smash Burger.
3	On my first visit (which was takeout), I did enjoy the food, it was indeed a good meal, however I paid with my debit card and threw the receipt in my bag, not really paying attention to the cost.  My second visit (also takeout), the food was good again (solid, but nothing stellar, the burger's are a little on the other side of how greasy I will go - but not bad by any means), I took a moment to notice the cost and considered for what I had just paid, I could have gone to the burger place that I prefer and gotten a ridiculous burger with a side for about the same amount.  The food is good, and I have enjoyed what I have had, but it's nothing that knocks my socks off - they lose 1 star for the price, that seems not too bad a la carte, but rather high for what I am getting once all added up.  It's a neat restaurant with good food, but A-OK after factoring in the price.
4	Had lunch this past Friday at 1 pm.  BT's was very busy. We each had cheeseburgers that were done perfectly to our specs. Burgers are juicy and flavorful. Shared an order of fries that I'm a fan of.  Thus far our favorite burger joint.
4	Great food, its affordable and the burgers taste awesome! I also loved how polite the staff was!
5	Great burger and friendly people. There is a good sized deck that lets you take your time and enjoy lunch before having to go back to work. The fires/tots combination is a great fit. The only thing I won't try is the 40/20. 40 ounces of hamburger in 20 minutes in order to get your picture on their wall. Good job BT!
3	They're not bad but they're not that great either. IMHO, I think Five Burgers has better better meat. It's nice that you have more interesting options to put on your burger but the burger could be more flavorful. And I prefer my meat to be piping hot, but BT's doesn't do it like that. Maybe it's because I requested mine to be med-rare? Overall, I would go here when I crave for egg on my burger or if there's no Five Burgers around.ALSO, they serve beers and milkshakes so that's a bonus :)
4	We wanted to try somewhere close. We had some coupons for BT's so we decided to give it a try. When you walk in, you go to the register to order, pay (I forgot the coupon), and take a number. For the atmosphere and the price, I was surprised how big the burger was. I did the build-your-own-burger option and got bacon and pimento cheese with a side of tater tots. The burgers are cooked to order, and mine was a perfect medium. Actually cooked better than many burgers I've ordered at less casual places. The pimento cheese was ok and I could have done with a little crispier bacon, but I suppose that is a preference. Overall, I was impressed by the meal.
5	This was a awesome place to go to. I stumbled upon it and the Carolina burger was awesome!
4	We are relatively new to the area and wanted to know where we could get a good burger.  We jumped on Yelp and since there happens to be a BT's across the street from us we thought we'd try it out.  We really enjoyed everything, from the service to the food, to the cleanliness and atmosphere.  Definitely a thumbs up!  We will be back.
4	Amazing veggie burger!!!!  And the strawberry milkshake is superb.  Fries are decent but the  winner of the side items here are the sweet potato fries with honey butter!  Little expensive but I imagine the quality of the ingredients is the reason for it.
4	I liked it! I was passing by after picking up some supplies at Home Depot about 2:00 pm. The place had about 10 patrons so I knew I wouldn't have to wait. Walked right up to the counter where I was greeted politely. Now, I'm not much on building my own burger, I usually go for the specialty burgers in a burger joint so I chose the burger that comes with an egg on top, I believe it's called "sunny side up"...over easy is the way I had it cooked, meat: medium.I also ordered fries and drank water......9 bucks or so.Sat outside as it was a nice day.Didn't wait too long maybe 10 mins and there it was, hot, cooked perfectly, delicious. Fries were hot and delish as well.Someone in a previous review said 5 guys had better meat......I beg to differ. Unlike five guys this sandwich was much easier to eat, even with an over easy egg on it.I do feel they could give you a larger portion of fries for the money, this is why the four stars. I hope they make it there.....Wolfgang didn't.
4	Terrific, family-friendly burger joint with an outstanding craft beer selection and a roomy patio. What more could you ask for? The burgers may not be the best I've had (hit SmashBurger or Big Daddy's for those), but they get the job done. And did I mention the craft beer selection? Best I've seen in a casual dining joint. B.T.'s is an outstanding addition to Charlotte's burger scene!
5	Tried this place on a whim today! It is really really good. My husband had bacon  pretzel burger and a chocolate malt. I had a turkey burger with toppings. The fries and tots are very good but the star is the BT Sauce.
2	First time here.  Burger was nothing special.  As a matter of fact... I thought it was quite small for a "customer" burger place. Staff periodically walked to tables asking if anyone needed refills.  After sitting for 20+ minutes... Nothing. Given the disappointing and "flavorless" hamburger and lack of attention to their customers, I this will be my first and last visit.
1	Definitely not for us....Fries and onion rings were greasy. The onion rings were like the cheapest ones from the grocery store. The hot dog was blackened. With two kids meals and one hamburger and one hot dog and a small order of onion rings which was 6 onion rings (since they wouldn't substitute a few rings for fires) the bill was $32.We definitely have no plans to return.
2	My second visit here hamburg is ok  my fries probable fry twice feel grease and old . I went 3pm no rush hour. I don't recommend
4	On par with similar places around Charlotte ( Bad Daddy's, etc).  Friend pickles were good and not over-salty like some places.  Burger was respectable and properly done.  Fries were good, hot.  Nice outdoor seating area.  Will go again.
5	went back a few weeks after our first visit, figuring I'd risk something turning up disappointing a second time around ..... nope, everything was great.  Fried pickles, fries, burgers .... onion rings were among the best.  It was all very good.  No complaints, this place will become a regular for us.
4	Huge portions!  The build your own turkey burger is enormous.  Good selection of beers, several varieties on tap also.
3	We've given this place a few tries and have settled on why we eat here:  Decent beer selection, good shakes, and solid burgers.  These burgers aren't going to knock yoursocks off, but they're pretty good, cooked to order, and you can swap in chicken or turkey for a lower-fat option.The fried pickles are mushy, wet, and limp.  A far cry from The Penguin.  They should just take them off the menu.They offer quite a few things here made with sweet potatoes.  Even a mustard.  All of it is pretty good, and our family especially likes the sweet potato fries.We ate here today, and the three girls behind the register (why were there three?) were all eating and drinking while they were helping customers.  Kinda struck me as unprofessional and a little bit yucky.
1	I would love to give this place zero stars but this is not an option.  Let me start by saying if you are reading this to pick a burger place,  just go to Five Guys.  For a fast food place the food took over 30 minutes to arrive. The person who brought the food said something about there being a mixup with the chicken.  They did not offer any compensation for the extreemly long wait time.  Once the food arrived we realized that our order was incorrect.  What is the point of creating a custom burger if they get the toppings wrong? I ordered a turkey burger with avacado on it and they left off the avacado.   When they fixed it there was one slice of avacado split in two pieces.  Yes and I paid $1.00 for that.  The burger tasted awful and was soggy like it had sat somewhere under a heat lamp for 20 minutes.  Needless to say poor service,  bad food,  and unhelpful staff means we won't be coming back.
1	Pretty disappointed.  Over 15 minutes to get food. Cajun spice was uneven, no taste on first half, good on 2nd half. Jalapenos were pretty tasteless. Grilled onions were under done. Ordered medium rare, got medium. Bun was  $2.45 for regular fresh cut fries, very small portion.  They came out late and weren't very hot (or didn't hold heat well).  Too many small bits.On a positive note, parking was convenient and the bt Sauce was good.  Friendly staff.
3	Cute burger joint near shopping. I took the fan here for dinner one night as they were sponsoring my sons school for a fundraiser.  The inside is reminiscent of an old school malt shoppe, it's cute.  The service is super fast.  You order at the counter and they bring it to you when it's ready.  The kids loved their burgers and I liked that the offerings on the menu were a bit more than just burgers.  They have salads, hotdogs, grilled cheese etc.  I had one of the delicious salads which I thought was like a side salad but no.  It is GIGANTIC!  No disappointment there.  My biggest disappointment was in the turkey burger... There were definitely fillers in the meat :-(. There was no way it was 100% ground turkey in the patty which wS surprising to me.  I mean this isn't mcdonalds!  Perhaps I should go back a try a beef burger but i am not excited about it... On a positive note the prices are very good but I guess when you are filling the turkey meat it should be discounted.
