4	Long Drive thru line. But its easy in and out of there. What else can i say about star bucks that you dont already know. :)
5	I love this Starbucks!  It's like being a contestant on a game show every time you order something!  Go thru the drive thru and you'll experience how fun it is!  My favorite woman is the one with wild blonde hard and sparkly eye shadow.  She's a riot!  The other employees are super friendly here too.  If you're in the neighborhood, this is the best Starbucks location.
3	After the Great Santa Run, I needed a quick fix of caffeine.  I was on my way downtown to see a play at Theatre7, so this was a good stop.  The staff was pleasant albeit not quite with it.  After charging me for the gingerbread loaf I wanted, they discovered they were out of it.  Asking for a refund on my Starbucks card seemed out of the question, so I got a replacement.The drink was good and I was on my way after checking some email and FB posts.
1	I go to Starbucks everyday & am a gold card member & I would definantly drive to another Starbucks than go to this location even though it is right by my mom's house. I am from California & when i viisit this location to get my latte, they ALWAYS mess it up, even after I had to repeat my order 1, 2, 3 times!!! The last time i purchased here was Saturday & the next time I am in Vegas, I will NOT go to this location! By the way, after messing up my drink 3 times the guy at the window didn't appologize & my drink was spilling over & he was VERY RUDE! I wish i got his name but I really wanted to get the heck out of there! He had dark hair & wore glasses!  The staff SUCKS! I never complain on yelp, but this location deserves it by their horrible customer service!
1	This Starbucks sucks. Let me repeat, this Starbucks sucks. I had a bad experience the whole time that I was there. The barista who was at the register didn't look up or acknowledge me when I went up to her. After awhile, she just gave a rude, "What do you want?" and then turned around to laugh with her coworkers. I had to repeat myself. I ordered my drink and asked for a bagel with cream cheese. It took this woman a whole minute to find where the bagels were placed in their display case. She took my payment, put my bagged bagel on the counter and walked away without saying another word. My drink was made wrong, but I was already tired of dealing with them so I just left. I wish I didn't even have to give them a star, but I guess it is alright since my bagel was good.
2	I love Starbucks but these place is something else. They have way too many workers doing god knows what. The cashier doesn't look up or smile when taking your order. I always order the same drink cinnamon dolce but it taste funny when I order it twice here. I would not waste my time coming to this place keep driving go to the Starbucks on Flamingo and sandhill
3	When a Starbucks is run right it's a thing of beauty for those of us who suffer from chronic caffeine deficiency. But when it's not it can get ugly. And this Starbucks is ugly at 7 am when the staff wouldn't know how to hurry even if you took a cattle prod to them to get them moving. They also have an annoying tendency to mess up orders. And I don't mind service with a smile when the smile is directed towards customers and I understand the need to have a light and fun work place environment. But when you have a line almost out the door, that's not the time to turn this into the local Starbucks employee social hour. I have a limited amount of time to get in, get what I need and get out. I can handle equipment problems and minor delays, but it does not take 7 minutes to get my order done. The Starbucks at DI and Eastern kicks this location's butt on speed and order accuracy. In short, if you're heading West on Flamingo or North on Eastern and need your fix it works. Unless you're in a hurry. And then you might as well forget about it. 3 Stars: Because even though the service has issues, it still takes care of those caffeine withdrawal issues quite nicely.
1	Hello, Starbucks Corporate? I've got a complaint, several in fact. How hard is it to make oatmeal? And how hard is it to keep track of your inventory? Surely your company can hire people who are capable of counting boxes, fruit cups, sugar packets and the like and can tap on a keyboard and place an order for things when supplies run low. Is it asking too much to have your employees to do that? I'm starting to wonder as one of the slowest drive-thrus your company operates at Flamingo and Eastern in Las Vegas can't seem to figure out how to make oatmeal, and to have the toppings needed for it. I ended up driving away without it this morning because of your Chatty Cathy social butterfly at the window getting me distracted by trying to hijack my Starbucks Card. When I called the store to say something about this I got attitude and basically a F'off, we can't help you comment back. And I was told no refunds for my Starbucks Card even though I didn't get my order unless I came back into the store. Uh, that's not how things get done and that won't fly. My expectations are simple. Prompt service. I like fast but I'll lower my expectations to a drive thru wait of under 5 min if there are only 3 cars (trying to be reasonable here). If it's on the menu have it in stock, or tell me up front as I'm ordering that you're out and offer me an alternative. If my order gets messed up apologize and make it right. I don't want to be a grumpy Yelp reviewer, I want to be a happy and loyal Starbucks customer. And one last thing, quit trying to take my super cool retro style Starbucks card. No you can't have it even though it's pretty rare. I have a habit of losing things but I've had my card for many, many years and I don't wanna part with it. 1 Star? Really? Yes, really. I'm hungry. And being hungry due to someone else not doing their basic job duties trumps being nice and diplomatic when writing a review.
1	You can't make stuff like this up so let's lead off with today's events. Yesterday I went to this Starbucks and I didn't get my "Perfect Oatmeal" that I ordered. I got a hassle and attitude when I called them about it, so this morning I roll through the drive-thru and tell the lady what happened. She agrees to comp my oatmeal and I add a piece of pumpkin bread to my typical drink order. I pull forward and pay...I had to reload my Starbucks card too so during all this I get my oatmeal and my bread. Then I get my card back and the Southern Belle lady (if you go here you'll know) working the window is like have a nice day. I sit there and she looks back out and is like, What? Why are you still here? I'm like aren't you forgetting something? She looks around and says Oh Crap! when she realizes she never gave me my drink!So when I write on here that anyone who visits this Starbucks needs to doublecheck their order to make sure you get what you paid for, will you believe me now?1 Star? Really? Absolutely. Can you think of a reason why I should bump them up? Oh and it took 7 minutes to get that container of oatmeal, a piece of pumpkin bread, and an iced mocha, no whip, extra shot. The location at Eastern and Desert Inn can do it in 4 minutes, with 3 cars in front of me when I order to boot.One last thing. Still no fruit toppings for the oatmeal. I guess re-supplying the store is not all that important here. (For the backstory on this read yesterday's review below)
1	Yet again I get more morning craziness at this Starbucks. It's been a week since I was told they were out of some of their oatmeal toppings and that they would order some in. And in that week's time this Starbucks can't seem to get things done. I can get a package from a friend in Kiev, Ukraine sent halfway around the world in 4 days yet Starbucks can't seem to get basic inventory from a warehouse that's less than 500 miles away, if not less in an entire WEEK! I don't get it. So I said so this morning when placing my order. When I get to the main window to pay, the cash register mysteriously went on the fritz, and my entire order got comped. While I love free coffee and breakfast, what I really want is the items I requested. Still 1 Star. I can't reward bad inventory control with extra stars.
