4	Cloud 9 is an amazing place to come hang out and smoke hookah at. The environment is super chill which could probably be said about other hookah places but there are 2 things special about this place that cant be found anywhere else, non disgruntled employees and "Sweet Pain" TM'.  The people that help and serve you here are not employees, they are just people like you and me that have made friends with one another and the owner and help out around the shop in return for friendship and sweet pain of course. It is because of this that when you are approached after you sit down that you know that the person in front of you has but the best intentions of meeting you and making you feel welcomed. Ive only been here maybe 3 times and im already known by my first name. It is a nice dim environment with plenty of comfy couches, free Wi Fi and snacks to eat. The music is the latest of whatever you want, if you dont like it just take your ipod to T and he will throw it on or just bring some MP3s from home. This place is definitely ace.
4	This place is super chill.  The people that work there are super chill too, and actually will stop to have conversation with you.  We were all pretty much first time hookah smokers, and the guy helping us did OK to give us the good stuff.  He could have been a LITTLE more helpful, but later throughout the night he stopped by a few times to make sure we were ok and to conversate.  So that was cool.We had the new flavor mango berry something...hahaha and we also tried a pear one that was more menthol in flavor.  The fruitier ones are more dense while the methol ones are more light.  They both make you feel itchy in the throat if you are not a heavy cigarette smoker.  And FYI, hookah is worse for your health than cigarettes.  So I only went for the 1st time experience.Its hard to breathe in there, but after awhile you get used to it.  Music is good there, they offer water and soda, and the atmosphere is pretty chill.  I would recommend it for sure.  The place is pretty big too to acoomodate our group of 8 people.  Its $15 for every 3 persons.
5	best place to do hookah.....the music is the best when you know DJ SPEED and DJ NuMarv is djing. Throwing down the latest music and also doing video DJing......how cool is that.....another cool thing is i was watching the video and they took song request via a number they flashed on the video where you text in the song you want.....chill place nice people, cool music.....great hookah!!! check out when you get a chance....
3	I miss when Cloud 9 was a quiter place, but I'm not about to hate the success and growth of a business. I recommend visiting on a week night rather than the weekend if you aren't big on crowds. But the environment is cool and the hookah is good. It's a nice place to hang out.
5	I love this place! They use high quality tobacco & have a large selection of flavors to choose from. They even have custom flavors (my favorite is Sweet Pain). The design is unique & stylish, while still remaining comfortable. The staff is always walking around & willing to mix up new concoctions if you don't see exactly what you like. Definitely the best hookah lounge in town!! Also, on Tuesday nights the Fukuburger people are in the house!
3	I've only smoked hookah four times in my life (including this night), but for some reason, we ended up going to a hookah lounge twice in one weekend. We were looking for a place to just chill late on Sunday night. I found out about Cloud 9 because I know Fukuburger posts up here on Tuesday nights. This was my first time here however.The place is pretty chill. Sure they play somewhat loud music, but it's not too loud. You can still manage a conversation without trying too hard. The only weird thing is that one of the TVs was initially on with sound. It was taking away from the very apropos Bob Marley music that they were playing when we first got there.This is definitely a good spot, especially if you live in the Southwest as I do. The service is very attentive. They constantly come around to make sure your coals are still good to go. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. Not that I smoke much.
3	first thing..... ventilation needs to be better!the good thing is, their really friendly and helpful when it comes to those of us who have hookah'd before but still don't really grasp the concept.  i forgot the name of the dude who was helping us, but he was hella friendly and easy to talk too.. sometimes you walk into joints such as these, that seem to only be geared to a certain demographic of ppl, and they look at you like you crazy for even thinking of stepping foot in their establishments.. but not cloud 9.  they were super inviting and helpful and i appreciated it a lot.the music is GREAT.  no high energy...  no pop.  no metal.  no way.hip hop.. and strictly hip hop.. not "radio hip hop either..." hip hop hip hop.[if you don't know, then stick to the strip... cause if that's all you know... that's all you should know. lol]the only thing was... i couldn't breath.  and............ ? i don't know, you'd think for a place that is typically on fire all day and all night they'd have better ventilation!anyway.. it was fun for the most part!
5	Right when u walk in, the dim lights, the big red couches & the sweet smell draws u in. A great place to kick it with friends or make new ones bc in Cloud 9, everyone can expect a good time. Depending on the night, live dj's are on it & the relentless knock from the bass will definitely get u off ur seats. Cloud 9 offers an exceptional selection of premium tobacco flavors. The price is very reasonable & a quality u just can't beat. Can't decide?? No worries. Just ask any of the hookah masters for one of their signature mixes that never disappoint. The staff is amazing!! They are knowledgeable, friendly & are down to party along with u if u ask them to. Don't forget to say what's up to T. He's the man responsible for Cloud 9. Its one of the best, if not the best, hookah lounge in las vegas.
3	Good selection of hookah, very unique when it comes to the flavors that are out there (fruit loop, honeydew, etc.) The music is relatively loud but conversation can still be made without having to shout. The music featured when I first went was mainly hip-hop/rap remixes with a little bit of techno/pop/alternative thrown into it, I'm sure they have a music reel that switches every hour to a different genre just to randomize it up.Was crowded the night I was there, which was on a weekday no less, and it seems like a very, very young crowd hangs there (mainly high school students/college students). Staff is chill and are attentive to refill and adjust your hookah. The only thing is I would have expected the inside to be a little more upscale, and I have to agree with Joyce O. that ventilating needs to be better (their back door was open the night I went there, and while that was ventilation enough, it was freezing that night!)
3	A friend and I decided to see what Las Vegas has to offer in terms of hookah bars. We went to several of them all over the city and this is probably the one that I would recommend to anyone visiting Sin City.The Lounge: The lounge itself is fairly small. There's enough seat for maybe about 50-60 people. The first thing we noticed when we first walked in is the fact that it was smokey. Yes its a hookah lounge, but out here in Los Angeles, we use proper ventilation in our hookah bars, especially if it's an indoor one. The walls were painted burgundy/red and there's a couple of flat screen TV's. The place is lit by black lights, which is nice, except when you see the dirt and stains on the couch that you are sitting on (YUCK). There were also several holes on the couch that we were sitting on, most likely from the aftermath of a charcoal accident. The service: The service is not bad. The menu is fairly simple. They only serve hookah and some drinks, no food or anything else. Since we already knew what flavor to get, we just ordered and a few minutes later, our hookah arrived. First thing I noticed is that they place the hookah on top of the coffee table, which is fine but normally hookah's are place on the floor so that when an accident does occur, the charcoal will most likely land on the floor rather than landing on someone's lap or other body parts. The server was not very attentive at all. For the most part they walked past us and didn't notice that we needed new charcoal or to see if we needed something else. They were more interested in chatting up with their locals, which is fine but way to make an impression to other customers. The only saving grace is that I chatted up one of the employees named Manny, he is a stand up guy and I'm glad I was able to talk with him. The place can definitely use some revamping (Hey I can consult, I know what works and doesn't work for a hookah bar). The Hookah: I'm glad that this place actually uses Starbuzz and other flavors because it doesn't seem like the rest of the hookah bars in Vegas are familiar with this brand. Pretty nice selection nargile flavors, I don't really have much to say in this department other than they have a larger selection of premium flavored tobacco. Try mixing and matching flavors, add a hint of mint and you'll be amazed.Ambiance: You like hookah? house music? dubstep? well this place has them all and they play it LOUD! It's not really relaxing because of the loud music but if you like it, then this place definitely has it.Overall: Pretty decent place, definitely made for locals in my opinion. If you ever find yourself in Las Vegas and want to chill at a hookah bar, well this is probably the only place that I'd recommend. Definitely not a place to take someone that you are interested in because you won't have much of a conversation, but if you and your friends want to listen to some great music and smoke hookah, then this is it. I will definitely come back to this place when I'm in town again. It can use a lot of improvement but it's not bad.
1	If you are looking for an adult atmosphere this is not the place to go.  This is the hookah bar for teenagers.  The place plays loud hip hop music and appeals to the late night crowd that should not even be out at that time.  When I went with my 2 friends it was also overly crowded and super warm.  You cannot drink alcohol here either.  This could go hand and hand with the fact that most people who go here are under the age of 21.  It is open until 4 am, so if you are looking for a last resort hookah spot that is open late, go here.  Oh and it is cheap, only about $18 for a hookah.
5	This place is very relaxing with a great atmosphere. Simple and comfortable. The service is amazing and the flavors are delish. Great job, T. Thanks!
4	Definitely a fun place to go! They were so busy tonight, they didn't even check our ID's. Hah. Bathroom is disgusting though, bring some hand sanitizer!
1	This is like a place for high school students to hang out... even though it says 18+ they act more like 14 and 15 year old children. I came here because one place we went to sucked, so my friend had a friend who was here and said come over. So, we took an adventure to try something new and it also sucked. Drunk children all outside, $7 cover charge just to stand in the tiny place filled with smoke, and no real place to sit with your friends and actually hear them. I walked in, walked out, left. Fun times.
1	This is a grungy, depressing place that shouldn't be in the hookah business. It feels like you are walking into a place where people do drugs and are cracked out...the environment is horrible.....horrible. No decoration, no good lighting, nothing comfortable about the place.the staff sucks big time! I mean they are lazy, slow and have no idea what customer service is.The only positive....they have good hookah! it is very clean smoking and it does the job.But they overcharge for that hookah...one hookah for four people $24....I had a feeling the guy made that up...whatever.....don't go here unless u absolutely have to!
5	This place is one of the best hookah lounges. Has great tobacco and great music. It also has great service with Manny who know how to take care of the customers. Have to go on night with DJ Teen Wolf he kills the scene.
5	This is my favorite place to come chill out after a week of work. I always come here on a weekday (less people, more chill). This is strictly just hookah - no drinks or alcohol. However, there is a 7-11 right down the street for those of you who need it. They show movies on Monday nights, and Fuku burger is outside their doors on Tuesdays.T always takes care of us, and gives us great suggestions on what to try next. If you're going to come here to party, this isn't the right place for you - the lounge area is small, and although they have great music, I wouldn't suggest getting up and dancing. The bathroom needs a lot of work (bring your own hand sanitizer; you'll thank me later), but besides that, it's a nice place.
4	The local smoke shop by my house was already closed and I desperately needed tobacco for our GNI!! This place was recommended to me because it was definitely still open. I gave them a quick call to see if they sold tobacco and they do! SCORE. I drove on in and picked out a couple of fresh tobacco's.. I asked if they had any hookah condoms for sale, he said no but that he would give me some. Nice! I asked about the lounge - it's basically a bunch of couches set up with tables and I guess you can rent out hookah's and they serve pop and water. Sounds like a cool place to chill. The guy who helped me was really nice and I was on my merry way! P.S. He recommended the AMBROSIA flavor and it was DELISH! Just like Korean Melon Bar! MmMmMmM!
2	Cloud 9, went on a non busy day, as i hear this place gets packed on busy nights, i like to relax and talk to my buddies.  Vibe is good, dark room with nice color changing lights and some electronic music, Just what i like.Me and my buddy walked down to the counter requesting a seat and menu, the guy working there followed us to where we wanted to sit, and gave us the menu and walked away. It took us 5 minutes to finally decide what flavor of hookah we wanted. Just like a restaurant, would you walk up to a waiter and give them your order, or would you wait for them? We waited for a long 15 to 20 minutes before he came back to take our order. It was a fast delivery, which was nice, took 3 minutes to have them set it up and on coals.There was no follow up, the bowl started to get harsh after 15 more minutes i walked up and asked if he could blow it out or whatever to make it less harsh, i would mess around with the coals a bit, flip them move them but since cloud 9 doesn't provide tongs, i just used whatever i found to toss the coals around the bowl, which was a quarter i had in my pocket.Service was slow, on a slow day, the couches were quite dirty and worn out, music was great, i like their selection of whatever they were playing, Hookah was average, if only service was better the rating i would give would be better. i've been here 3 times and all those times my experiences were below average.
4	Coming from California to visit and I heard about it so me being a big timeHookah smoker always give ratings with my gf the price if expensive I'm use to paying 12$ not 18$ and coals are free dont HAVE to go to buy a refill to get more coals.... BUT OVERALL MUSIC WAS POPPIN. Me and my girl were dancing and had a great time with great people.
5	Came here on a weekend trip to Vegas. The staff was really cool and recommended some awesome flavors. Pirates Cave and Gummy Bear. Chill spot woth comfy couches and good music.  Definitely my go to place in Vegas now
5	Came to Vehas for Xmas and found this place. Very cool great atmosphere and chill place. Hookah is great and a lot of variety. Very nice and affordable pricw. I recomend this place. DJ has great selection of music.
