4	I'm going to give Einstein Bros. 4 stars, even though I wasn't thrilled with my Ancho Chicken Wedge. It was my fault thought - I was being virtuous and chose from their under 400 calorie line, when I should have just gone for what I really wanted. Case in point, my boyfriend's turkey on a jalapeno cheese bagel was great. My "wedge" was really just a triangular wrap with gooey, spicy cheese. Actually, now that I think about it, it really should have been called a quesadilla. The menu is more limited than Panera, but I love their bagels and all the shmears - especially the honey almond. I also have to come back to try some of their drinks which look especially calorific! If they had locations in the Bay area and free wifi, this place would be getting pretty close to 5 stars.
4	I like this location more than the 40th St. because of the positive attitude that the employees present. They're ACTUALLY happy to see you. There's no pre-fabricated smiles here!It's also next to a Starbucks. So my breakfast is complete in a 50 square foot area, hahah. They just didn't hire me when I applied here. :l But that's unimportant! I like this location way more than all of the others.
4	Einstein's always has great coupon deals.....and this past Saturday I had breakfast there for only 4 bucks. What did I have you ask? Well I had the Turkey Sausage (which is a huge plus for me ) and egg white bagel sandwich with cheddar cheese on an Asiago bagel. I also had a small coffee to go along with it.....and that includes free refills. This meal would have normally cost me close to 8 bucks and again I only paid 4 bucks...enough said. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	They really do everything right. Great drinks, great food. My husband loves the italian chicken panini and I love the club mex on the challa. Yum. I also like to spon-tin-a-i-tea! (get it??) Yum! Did I mention- YUM!? Wish they were open for dinner.
4	My boyfriend was addicted to this Einstein's before we met. He went here every day for almost two years, then I moved in and started making breakfast. We still frequent this location together when I don't feel like cooking. I like this location for its large patio and people watching. The new bagel thins are pretty awesome, I get the breakfast sandwich with egg white, asparagus and cheese and it is tasty. Good bagels, consistently good service and friendly employees make this Einstein's stand out.
1	Be VERY, VERY careful asking for a sandwich as a wrap. I ordered a ham and cheese make your own sandwich, ordered it as a wrap to go. I got home, there's lettuce and mayo and... what this? what's this I see in this sandwich? there's the cut-off fingertip of someone's glove lodged between the lettuce? (At least I hope it's the finger tip of a glove - I'm not even going to think of the other thing it could have been.) Ewwww.... gross.... I didn't finish the sandwich. Memo to self: Don't ever get wraps from Einstein's, particularly not the one on Shea. Disgusting. If it ever happens again, I'm calling a local news station to report it, then I'll call the state health department. Gross, gross, gross, gross, gross, gross... if you can't deliver sanitary wraps, THEN DON'T PUT THEM ON THE MENU. Not a place to go if you like wraps.
1	Stopped by for coffee and a bagel sandwich.All but two of the coffee urns were out of coffee.I ordered the bagel breakfast sandwich with what was reputed to be eggs with bacon and cheese.   The eggs resembled an egg substitute rather than real eggs.  The flavor supported that assumption.    The cheese at least tasted like real cheddar cheese.Between ordering and after eating no one had refilled the coffee.The staff were friendly enough despite being disengaged.All in all I won't return to this Einstein's and won't order anything other than a bagel should I visit another.I would have been better off at the Starbucks which is less than twenty yards away.
5	Excellent place to eat.I've been coming there for about 10 yrs and can only say it gets better and better.The staff in this particular Einsteins is the best. Very Friendly Bagels and coffee always good.
1	The food was great, so was the coffee. But the service.. Eh. Every time I walk in there I kind of feel unwanted. As if the workers would appreciate if there were no customers. That's not good for business! We pay you, ladies.
3	The bagels are always really good. Perfect doughy-ness. Always fresh. This visit I had the Lox and Bagel... and typically it's raw salmon slices, but I don't know how I ordered it differently but the salmon was cooked this time, which I normally wouldn't mind... but it was a bit fishy. The slather of cream cheese was generous... and that's what probably made it's saturated fat content super high. Oh well... The place was decently clean and staff decently nice.
3	It's an Einstein. The patio seating is what differentiates this location. A great destination for dog walkers. And you can pick up a doggie bagel for your pooch for a buck. There also always seem to be friendly customers anxious to interact with the canine diners.I tend to arrive late with my family. Even though they are suppose to be open until 3:00 p.m. on Sundays, they stop replenishing bagels and will run out of many of the most popular (or is it just our favorite?) bagel flavors well before that. Not unusual, but the employees seem tired of the issue and react with a take it or leave it attitude. Good luck if you arrive after 1:00, or even noon. Most other days they close at 5:00 and have the same problem, just a little later.For the most part, however, employees are friendly here.
