5	If you're looking for a nice pair of western boots this is a great place to go and have a look.  They've got a little bit of everything to choose from.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
4	I've heard that this is the place to go for shoes.  Now, I'm not into the country scene.  At all.  So I was skeptical.  It is a country store...VERY country.  But they also have "regular" shoes, too and a really decent assortment.  They do loose a star for price, though.  I know shoes aren't cheap...I get that.  But when the average price that I could see on the shelf was over $100...that's pricey.What amazed me most, though, was the customer service.  The associate helping us gave us our space, but regularly checked in.  When we were headed to the register, she met us to take our items and escorted us to the register and acted as liaison with the cashier, and made sure we left with her card and a coupon for next time.  Definitely made the trip!
4	Peggy gone country!Well, that's old news. For those who don't know me, I'm a country fried anything, smothered with gravy, country music listening kinda gal. Shamefully this self-proclaimed Southern Chinese didn't own a pair of cowboy boots! I asked Santa for a pair, guess I was a bad girl, so to take matters into my hands, I started my shopping like any 2013-ers would, online, at the beginning of the year.Turned out buying cowboy boots is almost as complicated as (fill in the blank). I found out that it should fit tight upfront, yet have enough heel space for the heel to move up when you walk. There are all kinds of leather, different toe shapes, different heel and shaft height. WHAT?!So I went back to Lebo's (and the other store up at Concord Mills) the other week. In comparison, Lebo's doesn't look like they have as much boots. They do have a lot more other stuffs (regular shoes, western clothings, dancewears etc). The store is quite sizable. But to be honest, less choices helped with the narrowing down my options. It's good to know your budget. I was on a low budget market. Low budget still means $100-150. There are lots of boots that are over $200-$300 and some are over $500. Crazy!Since I've been searching for boots for months, I kind of have an idea of what my boots should look like. First, not all makers are created equal. I find Durango and Laredo to be very comfortable and budget friendly without losing the style. I thought I am the plain brown type, but turned out I was a distressed leather, pointy square toe, with leopard accent type :) Britney who helped with my purchase was nice, didn't mind that I was being indecisive. I actually found the same boots online for less ($50 less), but Lebo's doesn't price match or anything (which I think in 2013, they should consider something). While I was debating whether to buy online, save myself a big chunk of cash or keep my business local, one final factor put Lebo's over the top: CHRIS, the boots expert! I went back a few days after my purchase because I just couldn't tell if the boots are fitting me correctly. With all due respect to my salesperson, I didn't feel like she was understanding my confusion and uncertainty about these boots. But Chris, he was on his knees, measuring, and when my boots seem to be fitting a little loose, he found some inserts. And when I mentioned something was poking me on the side, he went and did some magic. I felt like I got my money worth of service. He didn't even charge me for the inserts (which was only $5, but I appreciate the extra effort). That's when I felt certain I made the right decision with my first cowboy boots and didn't mind as much paying extra for them.So, if you are thinking about buying a pair of cowboy boots, give Lebo's a try, and don't be afraid to ask for help!
4	Super knowledgeable shoe people.  Two women working men & women sides.  Wife and I very happy.  I thought this was just a cowboy store, but found that it has a lot of regular clothing and, of course, shoes and boots.  Quite a varied selection.Prices are really good and look for coupons as they frequently advertise and have specials.  We had a 40% off and met the price level, so were pleased.Staff is amazingly friendly.  They go out of their way to help you.  In the women's shoe section there was my wife and two other ladies and there must have been 30 boxes of shoes.  Not a problem.We will become regulars.
5	I was on the hunt for a quality pair of cowboy boots and stumbled upon Lebos driving home one night, so I decided to stop in. First of all, based on location, I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised by what I found inside. Lebos has a great selection of all things western, from clothing to hats to footwear. The store is very well maintained and the staff was awesome. Everyone was helpful without being over-bearing or pushy. I ended up buying a nice pair of Lucchese boots and will be back for any future purchases. If you're looking for anything western related, I would recommend checking out Lebos.
5	I went in to find a nice pair of boots for the first time. I had to purchase them for a friend's wedding and had no clue what I was doing. They treated me kindly and helped me find the right pair. I would come back to this location again If I ever need more, but these boots should last me a long time :)
