1	FAIL.I hate to sound harsh in a review but this place was over the top with FAIL today.  The failboat had just landed and off-loaded a fresh batch of FAIL.Customer service:  FAIL.  I walked in, walked up to the counter.  Sole employee in evidence looks over at me, picks up bucket and walks into back room with it.  No "I'll be right with you" or "Excuse me I'll be right back."  Nothing.  Comes out with bucket of ice.  Dumps bucket into an ice chest.  Repeat three times, never a word.When he did come to the counter and ask what I would like I felt like waiting on a paying customer was the last thing he wanted to be doing right now because he's much to busy for that.  There was no one in line behind me, by the way.While I was waiting I had ample opportunity to read the drink menu front to back.  I was delighted to see that they featured a "signature drink" iced mocha made with toddy.  I was almost giddy to see toddy on a coffeehouse menu.  I commented that most coffee places don't even know what toddy is and I was very happy to try the "signature" iced mocha.So the guy starts making the "signature" iced mocha.  Dumps chocolate syrup into cup.  Starts steamer to brewing two shots of espresso.  "Excuse me, isn't the iced mocha made with toddy?"  "I'm making yours with espresso."  FAIL.  "Why aren't you making it with toddy?" "Because the toddy got too cold and froze last night."  Points to under-counter fridge.FAIL."Why don't you thaw it?"FAIL"We have to make more in the cold in the back, it's cold brewed."  Looks at me like I'm an idiot.FAIL.Toddy is brewed with room temperature or cooler water.  The beans are soaked for 12 hours plus, then the water is drained off and you have rich, robust, non-acidic toddy.Cold brewed in the back...Can't thaw it...FAIL.Meeting expectations for "Signature" coffee drink:  FAIL.Execution on customer service, menu item availability, problem solving and attitude:FAIL.
3	prettay.. prettay.. prettay.. good. even though the crumb cake was like concrete they get an extra star for being the only effing place open at 8am.
2	Coffee Plantation is a mix of serious minuses and a few distinct pluses.  First and foremost: the coffee here SUCKS.  I was drinking it for a while to chase away a lingering hangover and once the veil of alcohol residue cleared, I realized just how awful what I was drinking tasted.  It might have actually made the hangover taste in my mouth worse!So I got a water to rinse out my mouth and decided I should probably eat too.  So I order a cheese and egg panini.  I swear, it looked like it was squashed in a George Foreman grill and put on a dirty plate.The pluses of the place?  Well, it's just a pretty good study location.  They have a patio if you want to study outside. They also have a nice counter to study on if you want to face the wall and avoid distractions.A mixed bag to be sure.  Not a bad option for a change of pace, but unlikely to supplant any of my preferred study haunts.
