5	I am not the most creative and/or internet savvy person. Bryan not only explained to me the importance of having an online presence but created a beautiful, clean, and easy to maneuver (exactly what I was going for) website for me. I am not familiar with the terminology to explain what he did so feel free to take a look jlbhairdesign.com. He also designed my logo! His talent and skill is something that I truly appreciate... along with his patience to deal with someone that he has to explain every little detail to!
5	Bryan took my latest headshots which I use on my blog and for promotional and speaking engagements. You can see two of the shots here: http://www.stephaniequilao.com/about-stephanie-quilao.htmlI was blown away by the pictures, and by far they exceeded my expectations...which doesn't happen often because as a creative person myself I have a high bar of standards. Bryan has a really excellent sense of style and connecting with his subject which I think is crucial in bringing out the best qualities in a person when photographing them. He also delivers on time and as expected. I had fun doing this photoshoot!
5	Brian's one of the easiest designers I've had the pleasure of working with and I used to run my own ad agency for over 15 years, having worked with literally hundreds of designers worldwide.If you give him the parts that are important to you and then give him the freedom to build what he envisions from that you are sure to get an outstanding design, image or art piece.This is a designer's designer - not the kind of person you micro manage on a creative project. Like the great cook he is, he likes to use and produce original works, original photographs, and original masters to get the image across.I definitely recommend him from the work he did in designing my company's corporate identity material.Chris Cayer,Reyactive LLC.
5	I hired Bryan to help launch a fundraising campaign for my new research institute.  The campaign had to have appeal to a wide range of potential donors, including the general public, commercial sponsors, and the scientific/medical community.Bryan was able to create a coordinated logo, campaign and PR concept that everyone in the process loved and willingly contributed to.  In every single case, it was Bryan's VIP invitation concept that sold our title sponsors on participating at our top donation level.Bryan has a way with visual communication that perfectly expressed what I wanted the campaign to represent -- a genuine mission, commitment to excellence, confidence in our work without being over the top in presenting it.He was also very good, every step of the way, in letting me know the budget and timeline for the project so I knew what my task and sales goals were.I would highly recommend Bryan to anyone who needs to launch an identifiable and marketable brand concept.
