5	Is it possible to get good food at an airport? Answers on a postcard pleaseWell, if you're at PHX, it surely is! Lolo's chicken and waffles are famous in the Phoenix area and a recent refurbishment at the airport has seen them open a branch here in the pre-security food courtThe girlfriend and I were in the mood for chicken so it worked out perfectly. 2 thighs and a waffle for $7 perfect for British appetites and pricesHaving just had KFC, the benchmark the night before, we were in a good position to compare! The chicken was amazing. Super crispy yet moist on the inside. Top classOnly downside was that the food took 30 minutes but the manager Sean graciously comped our meal
1	Out of biscuits.  Yes.  Just out.  Not busy on my visit, and yet my simple food order takes a very long time (remember, this is an airport location with a limited menu and no seating).  Then, they got the order wrong and of course it's too late to go back and get it corrected.
3	The chicken here was good, but we had to wait a little while to get it. We were short on time so we ended up taking it through security and eating it on the plane. By that point the fries had absorbed all the steam so they were cold and soggy. I also tried a bite of my boyfriend's waffle and it was also cold and soggy. Not very appetizing. But the chicken tenders were very good.
1	Very disappointed! I spent $12 on 2 sides of veggies thinking I would have leftovers to take with me on the plane.... NOT! I ordered the collards and maybe had enough for 3 bites! I work for a major airline, and I can guarantee I will not recommend this place! They need to either come down on prices or ramp up the portions!
1	I am a huge fan of the LoLo restaurants, both Phoenix and Scottsdale. I've been eating there for about 8 years. Although the service has slipped in recent times, this new location is an all time disappointment.This was my first and second time visiting the airport location. I had been waiting to see it open for almost a year. But I don't think I've ever been so let down by a restaurant.First time (10/12/14, 1:05pm) : I had a 20+ minute wait, when I was originally told it would take 7-10 minutes to be ready. They forgot several items, the sweet tea wasn't great, the "gravy"... I'm not even sure what it is/was, and the chicken was just okay.Second time (10/14/14 7:50pm): I had a much more reasonable 8 minute wait, but I was told it would only take about 3 when I placed my order. The sweet tea was good this time, the chicken was better this time but certainly not great, the gravy I won't be trying again (pretty sure it's from a can) and the waffle was bland and hard (either it had been sitting around or was over cooked)My recommendation is to skip this place and go downtown. If this is a franchise then the charter needs to be revoked. If this is owned by Larry then I'm shocked.
1	Terribly slow service. 15 min for a sandwich and nobody else was in front of me. This is an airport, yet the restaurant has faster service. This is the 2nd time, and last time!
1	The airport location gives the stand alone locations a really bad name. We go to the Scottsdale location frequently and love it there. This was our first time trying the airport location. I got the most pathetically small and dry chicken wings. They didn't taste good at all. The rice in the rice & beans was severely undercooked. When I went to the counter to replace it with something else, three employees walked right past me without asking if I needed help. I finally had to flag someone down. I replaced the rice & beans with potato salad. The potato salad seemed as if it was just taken out of the freezer.  I can't imagine this place will last very long at the airport. If they don't close the doors themselves, I'm sure Sky Harbor will kick them out eventually.
3	Just okay. I was surprised, however, to find such a large Breakfast Waffle Sandwhich and it went beyond my expectations, although very slightly.Like other Yelpers, I waited longer than I expected from an airport eatery. Chefs were taking there time, as was the cashier. Folks are usually rushing in airports, but not here, and definetly not catering to the "flying public". Are you serious? Step it up a bit, and perhaps the average food, generous serving size aside, will be overlooked.
4	Dropped off early at the airport. What to do? Lo-Lo's or Matt's? Lo-Lo's or Matt's? I'm a big fan of both restaurants, but have tried neither airport location as of yet. Sometimes proximity to an escalator is all it takes to sway me. Lo-Lo's it is!I was a bit concerned by previous reviews. Harsh! My reaction to this spot? It's not S. Phoenix. It's not Scottsdale. It's Sky Harbor Airport. If you reduce your expectations accordingly, it's not bad. The staff was very friendly. The Lil Jay, eggs and waffle for six bucks, is not a bad deal for an airport. The cheesy scrambled eggs were great. The waffle suffered from being crammed into a styrofoam container, but was recognizable as Lo-Lo's. I'm curious to see how they handle the chicken here, so I'll back. Next morning airport visit? Have to check out Matt's.It's difficult to recreate a local restaurant experience in an airport, especially one as unique as the S. Phoenix Lo-Lo's. Abbreviated menu. Portable delivery. No individualized seating area. Lo-Lo's is still working on it, but they're headed the right direction and I suspect they will eventually get it right.
