4	Carmen did a great job and was very flexible with times to come in. Nice to find someone that also does men's haircuts in Old Town.
5	Carman has been cutting my hair for the last 10 years. I can always rely on great company and an outstanding haircut.  Competitive pricing on mens haircuts.
5	Carman has been doing my hair for 8+ years and I will not trust anyone else with my hair!! She is very professional, flexible and always willing to try new things! She is constantly taking new classes and providing the best products for her clients. Carman is the best!!!
5	Carman Delaney has been doing my hair for close to 15 years now. I don't trust anyone else with this head of hair! She is available on mornings, evenings, and Saturdays, which is important to me. I also took Kelly there a few weeks ago, and she looked even more amazing than she already does! I will always refer people to her, she is the best!
5	Have been a client of Carmen's for 10+ years and have loved every look she has created for me.
5	Carman is the best.  I've been a customer for over 12 years now.  I always love my hair when I leave her studio.  Over the years I've done cuts, color and extensions - she's excellent in all areas.    She is also wonderful at cutting my children's hair (teenage daughter and 8 year old son) - my 8 year old refuses to let anyone else cut his hair.  You and your hair cannot go wrong when you see Carman!
5	I've been lucky to have had Carmen doing my hair for the last ten years. I am extremely cautious about anyone doing my hair. Its very long and stylists trim it more than they say they are going to. Carmen understands my concerns, and always does exactly what she says, considering my requests the whole way.  She had refreshing ideas about color, and totally honest if something won't look good. She's positive and charismatic and a riot to talk to. One of my friends goes to her now and my six year old adores her. I get so many compliments on my hair, and its truly because of Carmen .  You gotta try her out, I'm sure you will be very happy you did.
5	I've been going to Carman Delaney for over 15 years and she awesome! I highly recommend her.
5	Finding a great hairdresser is hard to do! And when I lost mine (to love and a move) after many great years of hair blitz!!! She told me the only person she would recommend was Carman. And she was right!!!! Carmen is so patient with my visions of styles. She takes the time to look up cuts and colors. Her attention to detail is wonderful - she won't let you leave until everyone is happy. Mostly herself - it's wonderful. Her studio is very private and relaxing - very welcoming. She has now taken on the task of my 16 year old son's hair. And we all know how hard it is to make them happy. He won't go anywhere else. LOVE LOVE LOVE
5	If you are looking for a big swinging Scottsdale Salon that, with the right lighting, could possibly double as a rave, good luck with that, and may your hair survive. If you really want to find a talented, veteran stylist that listens to you, cares about the health of your hair, loves her job, and has a great outlook on life, Carman should be your new hair guru! Her studio is so cozy and warm. I love the stylish decor so much... It kinda gives you a hug when you walk in and gently holds you while you get your hair done. She takes the time to make sure your hair is exactly what you want. Over and above her skills as a stylist, she is just one of the most down-to-earth, funny, loving women I know. I look forward to seeing her again and again and again! Maybe she'll let me clone her and I could have my own Carman to do my hair every day. Just spitballing...
5	Carman has been my go-to person for 12 years now.  We have an agreement:  She doesn't tell me how to do my job and I don't tell her how to do her job.  I just say "fix it" and she is off to the races.  I have followed her through 3 salons and now on to her own place where she has truly blossomed.  You will not be sorry to check her out.
5	I've been going to Carmen for a year and half now. I love that she understands my curls and the auburn hair color that I'm try to maintain. Carmen's studio is very beautiful decorated and comfortable. She's very knowledgeable about hair coloring and products for my hair. I would highly recommend going to Carmen.
