2	Usually the wait is less than 15 min. for a blood draw. I go in the middle of the day between noon-3pm. Depending on which tech you get, you may be blamed for the tech's inability to draw blood out of your vein. That gets so annoying! If my doctor (who NEVER has had a problem getting my vein for a blood draw or weekly IV) didn't have his office way in north Scottsdale I'd have him draw my blood (since I have to do so weekly for the treatment I'm under). Only because this Labcorp is super convenient in locale, and the wait is quite short, I keep going. But if I find some place better that's closer, I'm jumping this ship.
2	I arrived and signed in and with no one in front of me. The lady called me and one other girl and took her in so I kind of stood back and waited. Then she came back and called 2 other people. I asked the other lady at the front desk if I was supposed to follow her. I think she was new but she told me to just sit tight for a minute. Another 10 minutes went by and I brought to their attention that I was still waiting and I had already been called. Then they were confused as to what I was supposed to have done. ( A simple drug screen) They had no phone for making outgoing calls to find out what type of test I needed. They couldn't find the forms I needed. The lady that originally called me up kept mis speaking and say the wrong thing. Just seemed really flustered and disorganized. Another lady came back from a break, her lab coat was completely wrinkled and she was on her cell phone in the front. Very unprofessional place. Glad I won't have to go there again!
5	This is right next door to my urologists office. They got me in quick without an appointment for a STAT request from my doctor. While in the waiting room I got really apprehensive of this place drawing my blood from the previous reviews, I am kind of a baby about that type of stuff, but contrary to the reviews I had no issues.
1	I have gone to this location 3 times.  Each time, I had an appointment.  The first time, everything worked like it should.  I was in and out in 15 minutes.  The next time, I had an appointment.  I arrived 10 minutes early and signed in, indicating that I had an appointment.  10 minutes AFTER my scheduled appointment time, I was called to the desk to check in.  I asked how long it would be and reminded them that I had an appointment.  The gal looked at me with such irritation, motioned to everyone else in the room and let me know I'd have to wait until they processed all the walk ins.  I reminded her that I had an appointment but, it didn't matter.  It was 45 minutes after my appointment before they called me.  I called corporate office and complained and asked what the point of appointments are if they are going to take all the walk ins first.  I was told that they should not do this - they should take appointments and fill the walk ins in between the appointments.  So, I decided to give them one more try.  The exact same thing happened.  I had an appointment but, it was almost 40 minutes after my appointment before I was called.  The staff here really couldn't care less.  They act irritated if you ask questions, they stand around talking.  They take their own sweet time getting anything done all while more and more and more people are filling into the waiting room.  Will not be back to this location.
3	Eh....why are Labcorp employees always so grumpy?  I get that they deal with the public ...all day long....but alot of businesses do.  I just don't get it, every location I go to its more of the same.  The facility was clean and the appt was relatively quick but just sitting in the waiting room makes me cringe cause you get more of the same treatment and you hear all the people that come in after you get the same "cold" treatment.  Oh well...guess I have to walk a mile in their shoes???
1	What is the point of making an appointment if you have to wait almost an hour anyway. When I signed in no one else had an appt but me, but I still waited. Pointless! Also, very grouchy people, slamming doors, and non friendly.
1	I don't understand the point in making an appt if i have to way well past the time of my appt anyway!  I scheduled it so I could go to work and ended up being late.  Not to mention who likes going to have blood drawn but to walk in and have people that act like your a burden making them do their job doesn't help matters any.  Then I walk in the back to get the blood work done and it was such a cold attitude makes it impossible to not be nervous.  On a positive note didn't hurt to bad ;-)
1	Stopped by to have labs and there were 4 people waiting. 30 minutes after I signed in I asked how much longer, they hadn't even taken my lab form. The lady at the desk said 'we'll do you have an appointment' I didn't but the lady sitting next to me said 'I had an appointment 30 minutes ago'. Unbelievably SLOW and rude!!!!!!
