3	I had a mid-day flight to catch earlier and didn't leave myself much time to eat lunch before hand.  So as I was walking to my gate, I stopped by several food places to see what the offerings were.  Instead of making a lunch of Cinnabon, frozen yogurt, or trail mix, I went to Quizno's.  The line wasn't bad but the staff there was extremely flustered.  The guy that helped me asked me several times what I wanted and he clarified that they were out of romaine lettuce for the salads a few times.  I was fine with that; I actually like the shredded lettuce alternative; it's easier to eat!Before it was my turn at the cash register, I noticed that the flustered employee admitted to putting the wrong cheese on another woman's salad and he had a conniption before throwing that one out and making a new one for her... he also forgot to prepare another customer's soup.  I thought this might just put him over the top, but he hung in there, at least to see me through the line!The salad itself was edible, but not great... flustered guy did add olives, pepperocini, tomato, guacamole and egg per my request.  This was a good thing because the chicken in the salad was nasty... it tasted extremely processed and so did the guac although I ate that anyways.  I picked around chicken and used the honey mustard dressing for flavor.  The pita/lavosh that came with it wasn't bad.  Not the healthiest lunch, but it could've been much worse!So there you have it, Quizno's at the airport is pretty average... If I return, I'll likely try just a veggie sandwich or maybe give their turkey a shot.  But in the meantime, I hope that Quizno's hires another employee or two - perhaps someone who's more calm and can help the flustered guy who served me today!
3	Usually I love their chili but this location it didn't really taste as good. I also got the very last bowl of the pot so that could be it. The heated pita that I ordered with it was very good to dip in the chili though!
1	Worst customer service ever!! I signed up for yelp just to say this.....food was not good.
1	I don't generally like fast food because it's just gross but I was starving and we had a 3 hour layover.  My sub was like eating a brick of salt.  I could only eat half of it and that was really pushing it. I asked the cashier for a napkin. She pointed to the empty containers and told me they were over there.  After looking and telling her they were empty she sent someone out to refill them.  I waited 10 minutes for a napkin.
1	Food is terrible! I hadn't eaten quiznos in years because I always thought the food was sub par and overpriced. Thought I would try it again. It is in fact worse than I remember. The people that work at this location are slow, lazy and unfriendly. Honestly I think they should give me my money back.
2	Worst Quiznos...employees are not interested in their product.
