2	I am a little less than impressed with this one. No, the service is great, and it has good screenings like all the Odeon ones. It just lacks character and well, there aren't that many screenings of the blockbusters you want to see. Instead it focuses on one and shows far too many shows of it instead of spreading the weight a little. On a road that has two independent cinemas up the street, this one falls fairly flat. But here you will find screenings of Sex and the City 2 and other rom coms and big buck movies,  unlike further up the street.
3	The Odeon at Tollcross is one of the smaller cinemas in town, but without the charm of the smaller independent cinemas such as the Cameo.  The good news is that like the bigger cinemas they also do Orange Wednesday here, so on a Wednesday you can halve the cost of a ticket just so long as you bring a friend along with you and take advantage of the Orange 2 for 1 deal.  The main benefit of this cinema is its convenience to those in the area.  The Omnicentre offers a far larger range of films and Cineworld is far cheaper so if you are able to get to the others as easily then they might be the preference.  That said, I personally go most regularly to this cinema - I don't want to walk all the way to Cineworld and the Omnicentre is too far away.  This is the benefit of this cinema and that is the fact that it becomes cheaper than elsewhere once you factor in getting the bus elsewhere; unfortunately this benefit only hold for locals, but being near the centre you might pass this cinema more often than you might think.  Last film is usually at 9pm and first can vary sometime being as late as midday so look it up in advance for times.
4	This is a great Odeon Cinemas location that is convenient and also is really new and nice inside. The staff were friendly and the individual theatres are really nice with comfy chairs. The selection of films was good and, although a bit pricey, prices seem about average for these days. I really enjoyed this theatre and think it is a great one. Also look out for the great Groupon deals here!
3	Central and SimpleClean, cheerful, a simple placeCurrent films are shown
4	I go to the Newbies cinema here every Tuesday. So I get to watch all the up-to-date films, have a coffee, a biscuit and a chat and have my baby to wail if he needs to without any stress???? Magic! The location is central and a pain for me to get to but others who live more West of town probably more ideal. They watch your buggy whilst you're in the cinema too. One of the things my partner and I miss the most after having a baby is the fact that we feel like we miss out on the whole cinema experience but this way we don't have to. Yay! :)
3	The Odeon chain does do things well...they have very lovely seats, not as comfy as the Dom, certainly not as roomy as the Vue, but just adequate. The prices are not too bad compared to London. but the thing that spoils Odeon for me is the strong downlighting and light reflection on the central walkway/metal bar design on the stairs, it's just too eye-catching and pollutive to enjoy watching the movie.In addition light distracts you from the film from mobile phones as well. I'm off the age where I still remember when the only light you had after the film started was from the ushers torchlight; much preferable if now a bit impractical, but when a not so impressive film is showing, it doesn't take much to divert your attention.My Odeon membership on checked during my last visit had just the right amount of points to get me a coffee to keep my caffeine habit alive for another week, but where are the Bacon sarnies, or lunchtime bites? Sorry I will say no thanks to your dogs or corn, and thumbs down for flagons of fizz, and your coffee almost is palatable. With the advent of foodie-cinema (foodima) on the way from certain chains around the UK I will look forward to either enjoying this, or grumping about yet another distraction.One thing I dont think the Odeon has done yet, correct me if I'm wrong, is to have that immersive experience for a movie...no, not the 3D kind but sing-a-longs or dressing up as you favourite charaters, kind of themed nights as featured in The Big Bang Theory. Come on Odeon rise to the challenge, I'm sure there are a few Yelpers out there that would loooove that? Holographic cinema events are still way off but as I've mentioned to a few folks before if there is enough new ideas and/or old concepts revamped, and that is what the UK cinema going public want, then what works goes?We all know that to really remember an event is to have a bad one, well as you can get that virtually anywhere these days, the better option is to be slightly contraversial or create a buzz about an event that, in itself goes into super hype-mode making people think "I may want a piece of the action!"
3	Even with the entrance hall being smaller now (- what did happen there?)They have not managed to create a better atmosphere. It still feels like a new cinema in a small town - not a nostalgic way like the Cameo, but in a more feeling uncomfortable, non fitting, niggly feeling. The seats are just about comfy. The lights are a little too bright. The place is a little lacking in character.  I like to give it more, as it is conveniently located and there is nothing essentially wrong with it, I am not getting the love for this. I do have my favourite cinemas and in comparison to them the Odeon is seriously lacking that .. *oomph*. For the little occasion I go to the film (once a month or so) and the prices I pay - I would like some extra 'je ne sais quoi'
3	Just popped in here as some of our friends who joined us after work hadn't eaten so for them pizza, for us a glass of wine and beer.
