5	Le Bremner is famed Montrealer Chuck Hughes' new spot, hidden in a basement under a nondescript sign that simply says "Restaurant," in a less trafficked area of Old Montreal. With no official website that I can find, Le Bremner seems to be deliberately flying under the radar. I really liked the atmosphere: lots of brick and chandeliers, very warm and cozy. You feel like you've been just let in on a delicious secret. They make some killer cocktails: I loved the berry bourbon. There was no official cocktail list, but the server recited a list of what was available that night. The dishes are all meant for sharing among the table, and are all roughly  the same size (they don't really have appetizers and mains). It's a bit complicated to order for a big group (we were six) but our friendly server helped guide us. We got to try many things that way. Some of my favourites were the kimchee snow crab on rice cake, the lobster parfait, and the kohlrabi salad. Everything was delicious. And then came dessert: the strawberry shortcake was simply divine. Reservations can be difficult to obtain: for best results, call well ahead, be flexible, and be patient. It's definitely quite a splurge, especially if you indulge in their interesting but expensive wine list like we did. But I think it's well worth it.
5	WOW. Le Bremner was possibly the most memorable dining experience I have ever had. I am completely in love with it. My girlfriends and I visited on a Saturday night for their late sitting (9pm). Le Bremner is located in a basement with no signage (simply "Restaurant"). The interior seats 30 and the back terrase had seating for another 20 or so. The place is very dimly lit and keeps the reggae music pumping loud enough to enjoy but not drown out your conversation.We sat up at the bar until our table was ready and sampled a few cocktails. We tried a basil & pineapple margarita, a strawberry rhubarb one and a peach long island iced tea. All three were amazing, made with fresh ingredients kept in mason jars lining the bar front. Our hunky bartender was chatty and explained the ingredients to us - even the syrups they use are made from scratch! The menu here has "tapas" or shared plates and there were about 30-35 good options in total. Our waitress recommended 2-3 per person. We ordered:Bacon cheese focaccia ($9) - Simple but possibly the best dish of the night! This is a must order dish.Lobster parfait ($30) - comes served in an ice cream sundae dish - heaps of lobster meat, Bibb lettuce, caviar and cream fraiche. Amazing. Asparagus and tomato salad ($9) - another hit, served with a perfectly soft poached egg and grilled asparagus.Kimchi & crab ($20) - this was served on some kind of potato croquette with fresh crab meat and kimchi overtop. It was great but probably my least fav dish since everything else was outstanding.Lamb & veal meatballs ($17) - again, heavenly, served with a tomato sauce and craim fraiche.Naan pizza ($20) - this changes daily, but ours was topped with seared scallops and arugula. Highly recommend this too.The food came out 3 dishes at a time, they gave us some time to digest in between courses, plus replaced our plates and cutlery with new stuff.The service was faultless and all the staff were very young, hip and goodlooking.We were WAY too stuffed for dessert but the jelly donuts looked awesome. Our bill came to $190 including tax and tip  for 3 people. Not bad and completely reasonable given the amazingness of the food, drinks and overall experience.If Chuck Hughes ever decides to open a 3rd restaurant, I hope he will consider one in Toronto! Next time I want a spot on the terrace! (there will definitely be a next time!!!)
5	Saturday night I had what was easily one of the top 5 meals of my life. Chuck Hughes' latest restaurant, Le Bremner, is too cool for words. From the moment you step down off the sidewalk and through the doorway you know this is going to be a good night. You'll find yourself instantly seduced by the combination of it's riustic decor, exposed stone walls, hardwood floors, and dim lighting with Bob Marley playing softly in the background.  It's difficult to resist swaying to the music as the bartender charms you with his easy smile and deliciously tempting  concoctions - we couldn't resist - and every single cocktail we ordered tasted like a potion divined by the gods themselves. I had the Strawberry Rhubarb Manhattan, and my friends had the Peach Long Island Iced Tea and the Pineapple Basil Margarita...all three were mindblowingly deliciously and well worth the $12 each.  The cute bartender even divulged his secret ingredient for the syrup they use in their Long Island Ice Tea!  We had made reservations and there was a short wait for our table, but we didn't mind at all.  We happily sat at the bar soaking it all in, the drinks were delicious and it was a great spot to people watch, PLUS we had a view straight into the kitchen where all the action is!Once we were seated, our server brought us the menu. Neeless to say EVERYTHING looked delicious.  We ordered the Bacon Cheddar Focaccia, Naan Bread Pizza, Kimchee Snow Crab on Crispy Rice Cakes, Lobster Parfait, Chorizo Sausage and Lamb Meatballs, and the Asparagus with Poached Egg.The prices on the menu items we ordered ranged between $9-$30 each, with the Bacon Cheddar Focaccia being the least expensive, and the MOST DELICIOUS, with the Lobster Parfait at the top of the price range @ $30.    I'm going to list the stuff we had in my personal order of preference:The Bacon Cheddar Foccacia was by far the group's favourite...what this place can do with simple bacon and a focaccia!  Lord Have Mercy!Chorizo Sausage and Lamb Meatballs - OMG!  3 huge meatballs packed with flavour and served with a thick, sweet tomato sauce...YUMM!  The sweetness of the tomato was a perfect contract to the peppery/smoky flavour of the meatballs.Naan Pizza - the naan pizza changes daily and this night's offering was scallop, the scallops were perfectly cooked, and the pizza was topped with a lightly dressed arugala salad (I love arugala on my pizza)!  The pizza was nice and spicy too!  Kimchee Crab on Crispy Rice Cakes - the Kimchee was delicious, if I'm not mistaken there was a hint of heat in this dish and it worked perfectly!Asparagus with Poached Egg - delcious, braised aparagus served with a perfectly poached egg and roasted cherry tomatoes...seriously, this who knew that something this simple could taste so heavenly.The Lobster Parfait was probably the largest of the dishes, and it was loaded with fresh lobster, creme fraiche and caviar!  The lobster was cooked perfectly with a sweet and buttery flavour.The meal was a delicious and our six dishes were more than enough to feed us...I actually couldn't finish the last slice of naan pizza, and believe me, it was not for lack of trying.  I almost shed a tear as as I witnessed my table mates cut up my last slice of naan pizza and share it between them.  DAMN YOU tiny stomach!!We had initially considered having dessert, their jelly donuts to be exact, but we're simply too full (amateurs). I want to go back!  I want to drink Strawberry Rhubarb Manhattans and chow down on Bacon Cheddar Focaccia.  For the record, if I'm ever asked, that would be my last meal.
5	We didn't think we could have a better dining experience in Montreal after eating at Garde Manger, until we went to Le Bremner at the recommendation of one of Garde's staffers. HOLY!First off, I love that it's kind of an "underground" spot, both literally and figuratively. There isn't a sign, you kind of have to know about it, and it's well, a few steps down from the sidewalk. Again, we sat at the bar, our preferred spot to sit at a restaurant. As mentioned in other reviews, how else can you chat with those "in the know?" We were immediately greeted by one of the best bar keeps ever! He let us know that they make all of their own mixers with the exception of soda water. WHOA! Now that's talent. He mixed us up a couple of beauties while we perused the menu. I normally don't love mixed drinks (I am a purist with vodka martinis), but these drinks were out of this world. Fresh fruit muddled, added, shaken, wow!  As we're looking over the menu, the staff from Garde who recommended Le Bremner walks in and immediately comes over to say hello. We felt like we were totally "in the know" and locals seeing some of their long time friends. We were told to that it's more of a tapas style, that we should get a couple of things to share. We chose the burrata, but unfortunately they were out of it. HOWEVER, they offered a different cheese and let us try it before we actually ordered the whole dish. How many restaurants actually let you do that? Ah-mazing! We also had the tuna tartare, the fresh tomatoes, shrimp with cornbread (a little bit of heaven), and a fish dish. One was better than the next. The flavors were deep but balanced. There was so much going on in each dish in a good way, we were speechless (yeah - that doesn't happen often!). Just when we thought we couldn't eat more, we finished with warm chocolate chip cookies with sea salt. Perfection!Bottom line: A MUST GO! No question about it. One of the best dining experiences we've had in a very long time. Right up there with some of the world's best! Thanks for the recommendation, Tim! See you next time we're in Montreal...for sure!
5	We're not even back from our trip but I couldn't wait to review this place.   Le Bremner is the little sister of Garde Manger.  Chuck Hughes has done it again...and has managed to far surpass all of our expectations.  This is--hands down--the BEST meal we have ever had.Sit at the bar.  If you're lucky Brynley or J-K will take care of you.  They don't have a drink list; they muddle up whatever's in season and spike it up just right.  Get whatever drink they recommend.  This place fosters creativity and they tend to make things on the fly.  They're like mixology magicians.  The food is ALL amazing.  Smaller plates.  Try as much as you can afford.  Highlights include the seafood terrine, the crab kimchi, the shrimp with cornbread, and the meatballs...oh yeah, and the beignets injected with jelly and ganache ("made by Lucifer himself").  You will be completely mesmerized by everything that comes your way.As far as the ambiance goes, it's just perfect.  Quite literally hidden in a dark beamed basement with crystal chandeliers for a touch of sparkle.  The mellow beats of Bob Marley keep the mood relaxed.  All in all, it's a FANTASTIC time.
5	I ended up here the same way a lot of people end up here - couldn't get a reservation at Garde Manger. It turned out for the best, because this place was soooooo good!The setting is casual and comfortable, but still relatively nice and high end. It's slightly dark since it's underground, but it doesn't feel at all dingy.My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night at 9:30 (we'd made a reservation earlier that day). All the tables were full and there were some people waiting, but it didn't feel too jam packed. Our reservation was for the bar and it turned out the bar is a totally great place to eat (and yes, there is a hook for your purse). It was nice having the bartender right in front of us - he was nice to chat with and he also made us the most excellent drinks. However, I wouldn't recommend sitting at the bar if  you want privacy or if you're with more than 2 people.As you're supposed to, we ordered a bunch of dishes to share. The naan pizza was to die for, the kimchi crab on crispy rice cakes was almost perfect, the sea bass edamame was great but not out of this world, and the lobster parfait was amazing (but maybe too creamy for some).  As you can tell, this was not a typical menu. The food combinations were really innovative and if you're not into (slightly) experimental eating then don't go here - you won't find standard fish & chips or fish tacos. For desert we had chocolate ganache pie and it was good but not excellent. Then again, maybe we were just too full at that point. For two people wanting plenty of food and a couple of drinks you'll end up paying almost $200 after tax and tip, so don't go here if you're broke. My boyfriend and I think this may have been the best meal of our lives. I 100% recommend it!
5	My BFF and I came here on a Tuesday night, without reservations. This has got to be one of the BEST dining experiences we've ever had. EVER.First we tried to get into Garde Manger but it was full and we would've had to wait for an hour. So my friend, who is always in the know- directed us to Le Bremner, a hidden underground spot by the same chef as Garde Manger.Upon arriving, the ambience was more romantic- dimly lit (great for couples) I loved the chandeliers. We immediately ordered a bottle of wine- The 2006 Gamay, wonderfully delightful. These are the dishes we had:Oysters by the dozen: OMG. To die for! Tasted fresh as if they were just caught from the water and placed in front of us. We were thrilled that they had siracha which paired perfectly with the lemon. Wow!Kimchi Snow Crab: Perfection. Kimchi was not overpowering, but blended perfectly with the snow crab. Asparagus: Again, perfection. The asparagus was cooked very well, with a little crisp to it and the whole stem was evenly cooked, unlike some places where the end of the stem was a bit hard and inedible. The poached egg, one of my highlights (as an avid egg lover) was perfectly AMAZING. I don't think I've ever been to a breakfast/Brunch spot (even in NYC) that has made a poached egg as good as this one. The waiter explained a special contraption they make the egg. HOLY. Charcuterie and blue cheese platter: Cheese-need I say more?! My goodness, I thought I had died and gone to foodie heaven. Superbbbb!The dishes definitely were nicely portioned...it didn't leave you feeling like, where's the rest of it?? The service was impeccable. They were extremely helpful and friendly without being too intrusive. This is a little on the pricey side, for the two of us it was $180 but really it was worth every penny. We came out of there extremely satisfied. We raved about this place to everyone. Everyone must come here at least once! I will definitely be back here.
4	as you wish:Old Montreal: If Hughes' restaurants were women, Garde would be a red-lipped blonde wearing a Mackage leather jacket toting a Louis Vuitton; Le Bremner would be the fresh-faced brunette in skinny jeans, holding a Chanel 2.55.  It's just how I see things.If the analogy was lost on you...I'll be more explicit: Garde is a trendy, loud and slightly chaotic hipster place, while Bremner is more of a reclusive bistro with a classy but comfortable feel.  Both play groovy tunes.  Both have cute guys, although Bremner's staff had more personality, which makes you want to stay a while and flirt a little.If you recall, I didn't LOVE Garde, I liked her.I LOVED Bremner.  Stop here if you wish, but for you inquiring minds, keep reading.Yes, I saw Hughes. That's right, he works his line. It was a nice surprise because I can count the number of times I've actually seen celebrity chefs in their restaurant, working, tasting, and schmoozing. Two. Chuck was the second.Bremner opened in July and it's still bustling. Noteworthy mentions include the terrasse.  I took a quite peek during a bathroom break, and it's gorgeous. The cocktails, mixology wonders not bar mixes, were amazing. (Specifically the pampelmouse one, or O-juice, if you will.  It was a balanced mix of vodka, sake, mint, fresh grapefruit and some other stuff.  It was O good, it was addictive.)The menu is divided into seven categories: Chilled Items, From Outside, Bread & Cheese, From the Stovetop, From the Broiler, Vegetables, and Dessert. Order, as you wish. My sister and I started with the kimchi snow crab because its reputation preceded our visit. Now, you should know that we are kimchi experts. So we were both pleasantly surprised that this dish wasn't a wishy-washy fusion concoction of pickled cabbage and spices calling itself kimchi. The flavours were actually reminiscent of actual kimchi. The dish was almost a perfect hit, but for the rice cracker/cookie. It was too big.  I think (emphasis on think) I know what Hughes was trying to replicate here, a Korean dish called norengie. Norengie is the rice crust at the bottom of a stone bowl pot. If you add a little water or tea it releases the rice and you eat it.  My unsolicited advice to Hughes would be to make the cracker half the thickness because conceptually I agree that the delicate snow crab needs a chewy/crunchy counterpart.  The culinary adventure continued with lamb meatballs that were soft and meaty with rich flavours.The spicy bass with edamame was a favourite.  It was delicate and deep - that's the only way I can describe it.  There was so much going on in my mouth and it was all wonderful. Another one of my favourites was grilled asparagus with poached egg.  There was a lot going on on this plate and I liked it.  Together it worked.  Separate, not so sure.  It was a bit like a mishmash song on Glee - unexpected harmony.Dinner, however, ended on a sad note. Doughnuts were implicated (I am aware I have a problem with doughnuts.  I'm in the contemplation stage of seeking help).Due to my obsession with doughnuts, you can only imagine how crushed I was to learn they sold out.  My poor sister, I whined about it for a good ten minutes, and pouted for another five.  Then, after letting out le sigh of tout sighs. I got over it and resolved to go back on my next visit.  But listen Hughes...I live in Toronto. If you stumble across this review and feel compelled to ship me some doughnuts, why, you'd be the Wesley to my Buttercup.
4	A very popular spot, we lucked out showing up at 6pm (right when they opened). It's got a bit of a following thanks to Chuck Hughes who was the first Canadian to beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef, and also has his own Food Network Show. Chuck was in the house the night I was there (yes, he actually WORKS in his two restaurants), although I didn't see him. But then again I didn't go into the kitchen. The food was good. Really good. But not OMG-the-best-i've-ever-had. Which is too bad because it's been consistently getting 5 stars. Their homemade cocktails however, are probably worth the trip alone. Try the bourbon berry. YUM. (The pear rosemary cocktail tasted like soap however.)The menu had changed so most of the previously mentioned dishes weren't available. We did try the kimchee with snow crab (yum!), and followed it by the seared tuna flat focicca (very nice), the cornbread with grilled shrimp (only ok), and the halibut with crispy pork (decent, but not rave worthy). We had the chocolate ganache pie for dessert. It was good, but not spectacular.The service was really excellent though, so although the food was maybe only a 3.5 stars, I'll give that extra bit for the excellent excellent servers.It is pricey though. We paid $220 for 4 cocktails, 6 oysters, and the  4 "sharing/tapas style" listed above, and one dessert.
4	We went to Le Bremner not expecting too much, honestly. We liked Garde-Manger but with two visits there we always felt like the food was overpriced and just "solid". Le Bremner, on the other hand, was a very good culinary experience. We ordered 7 different dishes and they were all very good and well thought out. Simple but well executed. The white beet salad is amazing, and the onion rings were great. I wish they had one more vegetarian option as the selection is limited to 2 salads, 2 breads and 1 cheese dish which they didn't have in stock (the buratta cheese).Come on Chuck, even your dog is vegetarian! Give us an extra option on the menu and make us all very happy! ;)Service was solid, ambiance and decor very nice.Overall, we were very pleased with our dinner, so we'll definitely go back.
5	Wow, I do not understand the mixed reviews of Le Bremner. Came here last night for dinner and was literally blown away by the amazingness of this restaurant. The restaurant has been closed since before Christmas, so we snagged a spot on the first night that they reopened for 2012. As soon as I walked in, I was impressed: the exposed stone walls, the decor, the chandeliers, the funky windows; it's absolutely quaint and gorgeous. The music went from r&b to reggae to everything in between and it never drowned out our conversation.As soon as we sat down, Max, the raddest server in Montreal, came over to tell us about the cocktails of the evening. Every single ingredient is made in house and they are spectacular; so spectacular that we each had two.After having those knock your socks off cocktails, we fully entrusted Max and told him to bring us whatever the most awesome 5 things on the menu are and we sat back and waited to see what he would surprise us with.- raw striped bass: the pistachio and mint topping was incredible and the fish was absolute perfection. Best thing I have ever eaten, ever. No contest!- albacore tuna: it was sooo amazing and the panko and roe topping were so tasty. Like the striped bass, it melted in your mouth and the taste of the fish wasn't drowned out by the toppings.- rosemary and ricotta bread - never would have ordered this on our own but wow, it was incredible. The honey and the cheese drizzled on top were a perfect pair.- Merlu et Palourdes/hake and clams: never before have I fought over brussel sprouts with a dinner partner but here, we did it and it was epic (and I got the last one, drenched in buttery delectable sauce)- Skatefish and potato salad was also yummy. Had a breaded crust on the outside and was cooked just right. The salad had a ton of garlic and was jsut plain awesome.And for dessert, I had the pineapple upside down cake. My dinner partner looked over and instantly regretted his chocolate ganache choice so I gave him a bite of my dessert, but only a tiny bit because I adore pineapple and I think this was the best dessert I have ever had in...my...life...This is in the top restaurants that I have ever been to. I am absolutely in love with Le Bremner and cannot wait to go back.
5	The service was exceptional.  If you like seafood go to this place instead of Garde-Manger (if you're wanting to eat at a chuck hughes restaurant).  The only criticism I have is the decor on the wall is not the best.
2	I was not impressed. The food was so-so. I love Garde Manger so I was surprised. The dishes were just off in the taste combinations. Cocktail was ok, not great. The decor is really nice.
4	3.5 STARS!!!!Dude, our bill was CRAZY!!! But we knew it would be. Several AMAZING cocktails (kinda think that was the best part of the night...and the cutie bartender serving them up), wine, amuse bouche, food...do not expect to not break the bank. Our bill was $100 per person PLUS tip. As I said, drinks were the most memorable. The food was pretty good but I think I am majorly spoiled in Vancouver. We had the spicy tomato salad (could make at home), a kind of pizza (also doable at home), then split 3 mains. One thing I have to say was a tad annoying was our waitress kept telling us how many plates we should order. And then when we didn't she questioned our decision. Look madame...provide suggestions then step away. Our mains were the deep fried pork (not my choice) which was the biggest disappointment. I mean this was so deep fried you couldn't taste anything else. The second main was the skate which was shockingly delicious and light. I have had skate once before and it was nasty so this was a pleasant surprise. Lastly we had the shrimp and pork rice which was odd...basically just rice, could not taste or see any shrimp and also had 3 mussels on top. Very odd and wasn't quite sure where they were heading with this one. But look, this place, minus the fact that it's entire staff was mainly anglophone (or so bilingual that even i didn't realize) is quintessential Montreal. I LOVE the space. I love the fact that it is not overly designed. In fact I don't even know what the design style is other than awesome. It doesn't overwhelm, it just makes you want to hang out and spend way too much money. This is one thing Chuck Hughes always gets right...Garde Manger is the same. You just kinda want to live or work there. So, yes, i'm a fan, but maybe not for the reasons one would think when reviewing a resto. Go for drinks...lots of drinks and maybe a few snacks...cause those breadsticks are not filling but they are delicious!
4	I enjoyed my first dining experience at Le Bremner. It was a Wednesday night, so it was fairly easy to get a table reservation (9pm).  The restaurant is located in a dimly lit stoned wall basement.  Very cozy and comfortable.  There is a small bar to your right upon entering.  We first sampled one of their famous cocktails.  Delicious...then we shared the Tuna Focaccia from the Things To Share section of their menu.  Also delicious...my main dish was the Fried Pork cutlet with Bok Choy.  It was OK, compared with the Focaccia.  Next time I go, I am tempted to share a few items from their Things to Share section of their menu.  Overall, very nice dining experience.
4	I recently took my wife out to Le Bremner to celebrate our anniversary. Although it was Tuesday night and most of the other restaurants in Old Montreal were mostly empty Le Bremner was full. we had a great evening and were very impressed with most of the food not all the dishes were on the same level. Here's what we ordered:Giant Fried Oysters: Ok so they are not giant, i'd say large. They looked and tasted great, 4 stars. Garlic Cheezy Bread: not something that you would generally associate with a top end restaurant, but wow was it good. 5 stars. Hake & Clams: The clams were good, not great and the Hake, although cooked to melt in your mouth perfection, was completely without taste. Compared to the wonderful flavours that we experienced with the other dishes this was the Hake & clams was a a let down. 3 stars (would have been 2, but the hake really was cooked perfectly which deserves props)Cornbread with Garlic Shrimp: so the shrimp were great, but frankly I can saute up some terrific shrimp with garlic and butter it's really not that hard. But wow,was that cornbread i just tasted, impossible, it was so moist so sweet, so tasty - now that's impressive. 5 stars. For dessert it was a toss up between the jelly filled doughnuts and the pineapple upside down cake. Typically neither of these would be my first choice, I'm more of a triple chocolate fudge sort of guy. On the recommendation of our waiter we went with the pineapple upside down cake which we really enjoyed. 4 stars.Le Bremner is a great restaurant that we really enjoyed and would go back to however, it is not worthy in my mind of 5 stars as there was just a little something missing. And when you're paying these prices you really need to over deliver on all fronts to get 5 stars in my books.
3	SooooMaybe I just don't get it. So this is clearly a hot spot in Montreal. It was packed when we went and it was clear to me that everyone there was happy to be seen at Le Bremner. It definitely was a nice place, very swank ,very in, very small. I'm a big foodie. I expect to get a good meal for what I pay. I am not shy to spend if I think its worth it. Maybe I'm use to what I guess some may call Joe Beef portions.  My conclusion is that maybe this is not my type of cuisine. Small portions, a medley of flavours yet flavours that seem to resemble each other. The service sealed the deal for me, it was ok. All in all if you are an out-of-towner check it out ... if you are a foodie Montrealer I would definitely go to Le Bremner. I just won't be a repeat customer.
5	Place was awesome. Chuck Hugh's 2nd place in town rocks.  Good service great food and cocktails with a homemade touch are must tries!! The food are served in real courses so take your time and share. A reservations is required and I Would take a later one. The ones to 1930 I believe they kick you put for later reservations. The place is small so not a lot of tables. Plan to spend 250 or so with drinks but well worth it. The food while not huge portions, like maybe the supersized US is used to , but very well done. Did not seem at all like the hip place to be just the place to go for a great evening of great sustenance!
4	Wandering aimlessly through the neighbourhood here and what you'll find is a mix of tourist traps and what I could only suspect were hidden golden nuggets. Thanks to my outgoing travelling partner, the owner of a boutique recommended "a nice place that is just downstairs across the street - the one with the red sign".Indeed, that was just the spot and we were the first people there before they even opened. And good thing! As we enjoyed our cozy corner table, it became clear that Le Bremner is a popular spot. The cocktails were creative and delicious, and service is comfortable and inviting. Neighbouring tables eagerly peered over one another's shoulders eyeing the dishes. And for good reason - everything on the menu looks great and its hard to decide which dishes to share. Perfect for a long, lingering dinner with friends or a date, Le Bremner is worth hunting down. Just look for the red sign!
4	A very solid 4 star experience on the Montreal dining circuit.  While I wasn't blown away by any of the dishes here, they were all done well, and the atmosphere and staff here were just great.  It was comfort dining.  After a gritty, high energy dining experience at Le Comptoir the previous night, this place was the exact opposite.  Soothing, calming and comforting.  We had the spicy tomato salad, which had a great kick to it.  After that we had the garlic and cheese flat bread with arugula which was also a little spicy.  I like spicy so this was all a plus for me.  Finally was the ginger skate, not bad.  For dessert we had the upside down strawberry cake which was out of this world.The staff was exceedingly friendly, good service, good banter and an overall enjoyable evening.
5	This restaurant is fantastic.  My wife and I dined here last night and had an incredible experience. The space and ambiance were perfect...the stone walls, ceiling beams and music selection gave the place a relaxed atmosphere.  The drinks were great.  I would recommend any of the house special cocktails (my wife had the blueberry) or the rum cocktail with homemade root beer.  The food was what really made the experience.  We started with raw oysters and scallops.  This was the perfect start to the meal. Nice, fresh NB oysters and delicious scallops.  Next was the raw albacore and beef tartare appetizers.  Holy S***, this could have been the end of the meal, or my life and I would have been okay with it. Neither beef nor fish should melt in your mouth, but both did here.  Everything about the dishes from the accompanying flavors to the textures were incredible.  Next was the snow crab focaccia.  This was the star of the night.  Nice and light.  Perfect crust, nice blend of cheeses and an ample amount of snow crab, this 'pizza' was the best I've ever had, hands down. For our entrees we shared the cornbread and shrimp, and the cauliflower and pork belly. Both were delicious, but not as good or filling as the appetizers or focaccia. All in all a fantastic experience. If we could, we'd sample the entire menu. This is a fantastic place to have an excellent meal.  Go, sit, eat, drink, and enjoy!
4	Squeezed us in, never felt rushed, world-class fare
5	Awesome. Our hotel made us reservations at this amazing restaurant for 6pm. Well take what we could get when it comes to Chuck Hughes--even if we have to eat during geriatric hour. The place was packed by 6:30. They had special drinks that were delicious (carrot ginger rye and some blueberry heaven-like drink) We got spicy smoked salmon with fried capers, some crazy insane cheesy garlic bread, the spiciest tomato salad you'll ever have, ahi tuna flatbread, burrata on a crostini with a fried zucchini blossom and some crazy fried sardine thing. Always watching the show, I had so much respect for him and now after this superb perfect meal, I put him on a very high pedestal. Definitely go to this restaurant and savor every bite
5	Fantastique..Not your typical menu and that's a good thing.. Chuck Hughes does it right. The food is delicious.Great decor, hard to get reservations and the place turns into a club after dinner hours so if you're there late be prepared for some loud music and dancing crowds.
3	I've been eager to go to Le Bremner for quite a while now. I am an avid fish eater and when I learned that Le Bremner was focusing on fish, I was looking to have an amazing experience. We arrived for our reservation and were seated at the only unclothed table in the restaurant, a corner "banquet" of sorts and were privy to plenty of people watching. Two older ladies next to us were perplexed by the menu, and trying to figure out why they were given a cocktail menu when they had already ordered wine. You see, at the start of the meal menu is a description of what a cocktail is, yet, there are no cocktails listed on this menu (or any other for that matter).Our waitress, Alexandra came over and described the cocktails of the evening, a Goose n' the Gander (which I think was the Lavender cocktail made with vodka that I had) and the Proherbition (which I imagine was the basil & thyme drink made with gin and rum which my BF had). She announced the oysters of the evening, both from New Brunswick, smaller oysters with milder taste, not my preference, so we didn't order any). My lavender cocktail came with a sprig of lavender, a toothpick and no ice. I used the toothpick as I supposed it was for, to stir the cocktail, and took a sip. Nothing, no flavour. I stirred again with my finger (hey, that is what they are made for!) nothing. Bland. A little soda-y, a little sweet, but definitely no lavender flavour, and the alcohol was meek at best.I did prefer the BF's beverage. I like gin, and as that was the predominant flavour, I drank most of his. The problem was there was no sign of basil and only a small sprig of thyme. I don't know. I was imagining a more intense flavour from these two cocktails. For the rest of the night we ordered the only beer in house, Krombacher.Our appetizers came out at the same time, kimchi snow crab on rice crisps and the cardeau cru (a sole-like fish served almost as a tartar "dip" served with pork rind chips). We loved both of these dishes and it put us in a good mood for our upcoming entrees, the Loup de Mer with pulled pork and my half lobster served with sauteed local mushrooms.When the mains came out, my BF's jaw dropped. I could read the disappointment on his face. The mains were no bigger than the appetizers! There were no sides with it, no bread, no nothing! My half lobster was good, cook to perfection, but I must say, the amount of bearnaise sauce on this half lobster was kind of ridiculous. I don't think I would have used that much on a WHOLE lobster! This dish was good, but not great, certainly not what I was hoping for at a restaurant focused on fish!My BF's dish was quite literally, a small portion of pulled pork, with a thin filet of loup de mer atop, and a few bits of microgreens on top of that. That was it. No mash, no peas, nothing else. My critique of that dish, barring the lack of sides, is that it was much too acidic. My BF also felt there was no real flavor to it despite the green sauce that was served alongside it.Overall, I loved the apps and would go back for that and that alone. This would really be a 2-1/2 star review.
3	Returned home yesterday from Montreal/Quebec City.  Loved each minute!!  Great place!!   Had dinner at Le Bremner on the second evening.  Was very disappointed.  The service was good...actually couldn't put a glass down without it being filled with water...but....being a picky eater the waitress wouldn't hear about deviating in any way from the menu....so I had a lobster pizza and it was just fair....my daughter had cheesy bread because it was highly recommended on YELP, and that was just fair.  My husband had the rock shrimp with cornbread....he liked it very much.  We don't drink, so, don't know about that...but...my daughter said the house-made ginger ale was good.  I would, however, give the strawberry shortcake a "B"!!   The ambiance was great...but...not a restaurant I'd go back to.  I don't mind spending money on a meal...but...felt cheated here.
4	Friendly staff and chuck was cookingCozy atmosphereSmall restaurantGreat homemade apple cider drink w jack Dan in itStarted w salmon tartare 5 stars....excellent dishHad the lobster focaccia- this is the only dish that deducts the 1 star from the five.despite it being savory,dense and delicious the focaccia (which is really a pizza that you can eat w a fork and knife) was too soggy... This is the only dish that needs work on the dough otherwise the topping was delicious. Had the halibut cheeks thy were battered and deep fried served on mashed potatoes and this extremely savory sauce/ gravy. My parnet had the pork belly entre.... I tried a little bit and it was less savory and more on the lighter side, it wasnt a heavy sauce....aaaaaaaaand I.m a sucker for dessert (I guess it.s the season) they had an upside down pumpkin cake w caramelized walnuts and ice cream and pumpkin seeds w a hint of orange something....you must get it! Even if you think there.s no room for dessert....you will devour this
4	Le Bremner is definitely a foodie restaurant with a nice gourmet menu. If you come with less adventurous eaters or people who aren't interested in spending money to try new things, they may not enjoy themselves. The wine list is extensive, but offers few "by the glass" options. The daily specials we had were excellent. I had the salmon from the menu. It came with a bitter broccoli that I thought was too dominant of a flavor for the light sauce and the salmon though. Be prepared that the portions are fairly small, so you will probably want to have some appetizer in addition to your entree. I had the fried polenta amuse bouche which was pretty good. The ambiance is really pleasant; it is not stuffy but still elegant. The bar area looked great too. Our biggest problem was finding the restaurant. We took the metro to Place D'Arms station and had a circle on a map from our concierge. But there was no sign for LeBremner. The street numbers were on a fairly hidden basement entrance. We found it mostly by luck, but I am glad we did! It really wasn't a bad walk as we discovered on our return to the metro station, but be sure to have a good idea about where you are going and know that you will not see a banner or a sign for Le Bremner. I didn't rate it as a five because there are so many great restaurants in Montreal, and Le Bremner didn't stand out among them as much as I would have liked considering the hype and the prices. But it was good, and is worth it if you are a Chuck Hughes fan and want a truly gourmet experience with good service at a neat looking restaurant.
3	The food was absolutely wonderful.  The atmosphere was amazing.  Chuck Hughes was behind the bar, working the raw bar and engaging his audience.  The table service we received was attentive, but not at all engaging.  In fact, that is what spoiled the experience.  Two of the five of us were not at all savvy to the style or hipness of the restaurant.  They were a bit older and a bit more fussy.  I work in the industry, so I know what kind of customers they are, but I think our server did not have the ability to adapt.  That is a skill that this waiter did not possess and one essential to providing above standard service.  Instead of working with them with a smile, he seemed frustrated and a wee snotty, as if these customers should know better.  It's too bad and I am certain it was a one-off.I would certainly go back, but those two people in my party most certainly will not.  I loved the place, the food and the vibe.  I am sure it will be better next time!
1	People dont go to this place unless you have money to throw away! The size of the portions is soooo smaallll for the big bux you pay.... I went with my husband because prev i had gone to Garde Manger so we wanted to try the other restaurant. As an appetizer we got the oyster blt it had two smaalll oyster and aloooot of salad on a brioche unfullfilling....for entrees we got were the salmon and halibut. When the plates came we felt like someone stoleourmoney because the qty of food was sooooooo smalllll, that wld b okay if the food tasted goood.... The food tasted disgusting....the stafff was very rude and snobby. We left empty stomach and went to a pizzeria. For two the billwas 120 $ and i have never been so disappointed. Please dont go if you wantto hav. Good time. Go if u only have money to throwaway. Chef Hughes restaurant disappoiinted me this time. I will definitely not go back ever again
5	Le Bremner is an experience, I have been here a few times and am impressed each time. The staff is top notice and they love their work. I also get the two drinks of the week as they are always different and amazing. The lobster focaccia is out of this world, you are doing yourself a disservice if you do not get it. The deserts are just as amazing as the drinks and entrees. You will leave very happy, a must visit in Montreal.
5	Our visit to Le Bremner was outstanding. We sat at the bar as we were advised that it is always the best place to be and Vito our lovely bartender did not disappoint. The evening progressed perfectly with small plates of food ordered between drinks. We realized that they created the drinks on the menu on a regular basis so we suggested that they had free rein and just serve us what they wanted. One that comes to mind started with horseradish and pepper. Alarming sounding but delicious. The food was delicate and so flavorful. Easy to share but hard to part with. You have to really like your dinner date to give up some of your fare. We will definitely return when we're next in town.
4	One of my favourite stops on a recent trip to Montreal. Though we didn't get to see Chuck, the food was great! Kimchee and snow crab on crispy rice cakes was amazing. Also the cheesy bread was fantastic. I wish I lived closer to this place! Great music and atmosphere, nice wine list, but also recommend the house made lemonade for non drinkers. Only down side was I later was told the specials are usually the best part but our waitress never mentioned any to us. If you go here be sure to ask!
3	Le Bremner is a very romantic restaurant that is in the basement of a storefront in Old Montreal. The atmosphere is really lovely - dark and romantic. Furthermore, the cocktails are amazing! Made in house sodas are delicious - they make even a gin and tonic taste like a delicious and interesting cocktail!The service we had was great - the servers are knowledgable and very attentive.The oysters were amazing, however, the appetizer and main courses were just a little off - not bad I suppose but nothing to brag about. We had the pork belly with gorgonzola on top...much too rich - I felt like my mouth was coated with fat. The pasta (sort of like a ravioli) was hard on the edges (perhaps undercooked). It was so bad that I ended up cutting all the edges off and eating the centres (which were quite good). The appetizer (kimchi crab thing) was good but not that good. I was disappointed with the food but I did have very high expectations. I recommend going for cocktails and oysters at the bar!
5	Outstanding.  My review had to start with that single word.  We were in Montreal for the Formula 1 race and of course on Saturday night reservations throughout the city were impossible to get.  Our concierge at the W talked with the lads at Le Bremner and worked some magic to squeeze us in to the bar area.  We loved it.  The bartenders concocted some exceptional cocktails based on Le Bremner's in-house syrups and the wine list was thoughtfully selected and had some great options.  We had some oysters to start with some excellent fresh made relish.  My wife raved about the salmon and crab main dish she had while I enjoyed a lamb salad which was fantastic.  Of course no fine meal is complete without dessert and we had the tastiest beignets which I washed down with a cold coffee martini.  the experience was fantastic all around.  The staff were young and hip but energetic, friendly, fun and most of all very talented.  The atmosphere is great from the minute you walk in (if you can find the unmarked downstairs street entry).  I highly recommend Le Bremner and wish them all the success in the world.  If we are ever back in Montreal, we will stop in again.
5	Last night  my girlfriend and I , experienced le bremner. I say experienced because they managed to make us feel like the entire night  was a party solely for us. So much so, that after 5 hr's , numerous drinks , amazing foods and an atmosphere ,that even though the place was full , managed to make us feel like we were the only ones there to be catered to , we said goodbye to our new friends. Vito our crazy fun filled  bartender , Chef Danny Smiles..whose dishes come  perfectly seasoned ..so fresh, so  flavorful....truly an experience we will not forget for a very long time. Thank you to all the staff for making our night one we will talk about for years to come. A very special thank you to chef Giovanni, from BEVO, for personally arranging our reservations..and for an afternoon on his patio enjoying some truly inspired ,simple, but delicious Italian tapas. We highly recommend both le Brenner, and Bevo to any and all coming to old Montreal. We will back, forks in hand.
5	My second time here and it really does keep getting better!Outstanding!Our group was seated in the little patio area out back which was lovely - much less crowded and loud than the restaurant and great on a nice Montreal night. We all had the signature cocktail that night - a concoction which included home made ginger ale and rum and was all manner of fantastic. The wine menu is well thought out with some great options. Our bottle of white arrived perfectly chilled and our glasses never went empty. We shared a variety of starters from the menu and all raved about the lobster pizza - thin crust and perfectly garnished with a generous helping of lobster meat. I had the braised veal and octopus dish as a main and both elements were very well prepared and tasty. The real standouts for us were the desserts - we had 1 of everything and couldn't decide which one we loved more. The doughnuts are easily the best I've ever had - light and airy and not at all greasy and our waiter was spot-on when he joked that we would want to squirt the accompany lemon curd directly into our mouths. The banana coconut cream pie was fresh and light. The pancakes were very rich and decadent but buttery soft deliciousness. Our Quebec strawberry milkshake was a real standout - very tasty and not too heavy. As usual, the staff was amazing - very sweet and attentive from Danny Smiles himself to the very last busboy. It's also worth mentioning that the music selection is random and GREAT!
5	The tasty is strong with this one.
5	Incroyable. Exceptionnel. Exquis. Magnifique. Words cannot describe how world class this restaurant is (not even in French).
5	Ok so Yelp won't post my "short" review, so I'm going to put some filler before my actual review, which by the way sums up my experience at Le Bremner. Here goes...I wept.
5	Fantastic. Creativity and delight in every dish. For an entree, My husband had the oysters...twice. We both had scallops (very fresh), and I had the tuna and tahini sashimi (too die for). Main courses were lamb neck for my husband (insanely good) and halibut cheeks with beet butter for me (subtle and delicious). We ended with a chocolate, caramel and peanut butter pot de creme. Wow. I should also mention the house-made gin and tonics. The husband raved. They also make their 7-up and ginger ale in house. Finally, the staff was terrific. We highly recommend a stop here. It is a special occasion restaurant price-wise, but well worth it.
2	Dear God the service was awful! I can't tell if it was our waitress' (Maude) first day on the job or if she just didn't care about our table. Seated 30 minutes later than the reservation, 30 minutes to take our order, no follow up for drinks and we've been waiting to pay for an hour (she came with the bills but they were wrong). And now she's laughing in the corner like idiot. Good thing it's Friday and I don't have to be anywhere tomorrow. Food was pretty good but the service has left a terrible taste in my mouth.
2	Great food, but the service was terrible. Table was ready 30 minutes late... Our waitress (Maude) didn't seem to care at all. She ignored us most of the night. Took almost an hour just to get the bills.
4	Located in a a basement, almost completely unmarked. The male waitstaff was dressed in black, very professional and you sort of wonder if the sleeve tattoo is the uniform. The waitress (there was only one) was dressed in white daisy dukes which didn't seem to be as professional attire for a restaurant of this calibre. The food was good and flavourful, though serving mixed drinks before a meal is usually frowned upon (it dulls the palate.) The food was freshly cooked. The menu was nice. The only hiccup was dessert, the pancakes were extremely heavy... definitely the low spot on our dinner.
5	Absolutely fantastic venue - hidden and tucked away below a non-descript sign, Le Bremner's superlative experience is for the determined.The menu features fare drawn from the sea and seasoned with delights from both east and west in an appropriate homage to the blossoming food heritage sported by Montreal.  Service was excellent and the love of mixology keen.Excellent beverages and splendid conversations at the bar made an superb pairing to the menu selected by the server/bar-tender/mixologist.Can't complain.Left at 3 am.Sated, yet avid for more.
3	With the fantastic Montreal food scene there are few chefs which are considered a must visit when visiting this great food city. I think the chef that runs the show here is one of them. Reservation online were impossible to get for the group size we had even though we started to test the water quite early.  Ah well I got a call back and we got a table to 6 for a 630 meal (a bit early but apparently they have only a few tables for 6 and the later seating was sold out). The entrance is unmarked. Once we got in we were walked to a nice veranda in the back which was mesmerizing and set the mood right for our group. I was surprised to see that they did have quite a few empty tables that could have seated 6 (more on that later)After a bit of deliberation we settled on the following Lobster sandwich with a 63 degree egg, fried quail, Spicy tomato salad, halibut cheeks, green pea shoots with bonito. I also added some oysters for good measures.  The wine list is decent and reasonable. We were planning to drink afterwards as the meal was so early so didn't order much booze and stuck to their house made non alcohol drinks. The server was visibly disappointed and the service suffered.We did share the food so here goesOysters very fresh and the sauces were quite good on the sideSpicy tomato salad. Average at best and I am not sure why is it called spicyHalibut was quite good apparently though I didn't try itQuail was a hit among the diners as it was very meaty and had bread crumbs which reminded me of deep fried mutton chops from the subcontinent. Lobster Sandwich hmm a chef's whose claim to fame is this crustacean I would say it was very average. The sauce being the highlight as I felt the meat to bread ratio was off. The egg added a nice touch to an already rich dish. The price is on the high side (this is old Montreal area and one expects to pay more) and for the amount we spent I would say the service should have been better. There were quite a few tables that were empty so I am not sure why a later dinning time could have been accommodated. 3 stars overall.
4	On my most recent trip to Montreal, I made a reservation at Le Bremner to celebrate our anniversary with my SO.  Le Bremner is one of Chuck Hughes' most recent additions to his Crown Salts restaurant group.The location is unmarked along the popular Saint Paul Street in old Montreal; you have to pay attention to the address number to make sure you do not walk by it.  The atmosphere is similar to Garde Manager but with less noise.We were seated right away and our server took our drink orders and walked us through the menu.  Like Garde Manager, Le Bremner is known for its seafood menu options.Here is what we ordered:1) Crab Kimchi - a great way to start the meal, spicy, crispy and delicious2) Tuna & Tahini Sashimi - interesting flavours, the tahini overpowers the tuna though, I thought it was the weakest dish we ordered 3) Shrimp & Cornbread - OMG - my favourite dish of the night, the sweet, spicy and textures were so well balanced, I would have ordered a second helping if I was not so full4) Lobster & Egg Sandwich - heavenly; it was rich and tasty all rolled into one, lobster pieces were plentifulService was great, our server was friendly and very attentive during our meal.Overall, a great dining experience in Montreal. I was told their menu changes often; more of a reason for a return visit to Montreal!
4	Being a total foodaholic and Chuck Hughes fan, I had to check this little baby out. It was my mom's last night in town and I thought it would be nice to take her out and enjoy the experience together. The restaurant is cozy, warm, and dimly lit, hidden in a basement just off the cobblestone street of St. Paul. Upon our entry, we were welcomed with smiles and got seated at our table.The wine menu is lengthy and offers quite the variety, if you're unsure of what to order, Le Bremner's staff is more than happy to help give you an idea of the best pairings that suit your budget and your taste buds.I love a restaurant that knows what its specialty is, and keeps its options simple. Le Bremner does just that, with approximately 3-4 choices per meat, fish, and vegetables. While I found the choices to be quite different than what I was accustomed to, I thoroughly enjoyed what I ordered, as well as what I tasted off my mom's plate. Above ALL, I would recommend the tuna and tahini sashimi. The explosion of flavours that come after each bite is beyond belief. They put just the right amount on your plate, allowing you to savour each and every bite, and each and every slice. Their spin on snowcrab kimchi was also outstanding and had a great punch to it. For our mains, I ordered the salmon and crab-bacon bearnaise with a side of green beans. It was simple, light, and delicious. I have never tried a bearnaise sauce like this before, it was packed with flavour due to the flakes of crab and bacon. My mom ordered the delicious hot lobster sandwich that comes topped with a 63 degree egg. It was savoury, heavy and complex, but oh so scrumptious. For the dessert, we shared the chocolate, peanut butter cream & salted caramel pot de creme, as well as the pancakes with pimm's butter and sucre a la creme, AND the sugar n' oats pie with blueberries and creme fraiche. My absolute favourite of the three were the fluffy, perfect, warm pancakes. I have never tasted something so perfect before. I don't have the biggest sweet tooth in the world, but I know a good sweet when I taste one, and DAMN this was amazing.Yes, it can get expensive, especially if you order numerous items and bottles of wine, however, it was all reasonable considering what we ordered. So depending on your choices and budget, I'm sure you can find something to satisfy your palate!
5	The fried quail is amazing. Batter is the best I've had, better than the batter on the fried yard bird at red rooster in Harlem. Also try the shrimp and cornbread. make sure to write down the address as there is not a sign. The street number is above stairs that go down to the front door of the restaurant.
5	An stairwell down marked only by a red light was a wonderfully appropriate introduction to this vibrant dining experience. My wife and I squeezed in a reservation from the first moment the restaurant opened, and the place was packed by half past. The drinks were incredibly inspired, made with an assortment of fresh ingredients adorning the surface of the bar. We had an assortment of dishes, all were perfect. I can't say enough about our experience, it honestly was a top 5 dining experience.
1	Went their to celebrate I found a job. The oyster and the special cocktails were awesome but everything else sucked. The server wasn't friendly, we waited for a long time for each dishes. And most of all, I thought their signature dish lobster sandwich would be good, but it was really salty. The bill came out to be over $200 for two. Not worth the price.
3	I came here with a few friends for dinner, coming from a recommendation from Conde Nast Traveller.  It is easy to walk past 361 Saint Paul E., and it is not clearly marked!  Strangely, I'm a fan of that.  The food was good and the waiter emphasized that everything was homemade.  Great!  Ate too many breadsticks, which for the longest time we thought they were table decorations.  Oysters were fantastic - extremely fresh (one from PEI, one from NB), and the various sauces were fantastic.  The clam chowder with various white fish was good, but overly salted.  Tuna was delicious.  Pancakes for dessert with Pimms butter were super amazing!  Cocktails were good.  Decor: low key, homey, in the basement of a building.  It was a little bit drafty though and we found ourselves constantly adding on layers of clothing.   Staff: super charismatic and funny, with great recommendations on food and drink.  Not hard on the eyes either!Only docking for the star would be that I was slightly disappointed on the "homemade" aspect of things - when something is homemade, I would expect that the taste would be out of this world.  I did not find it so, particularly for the prices we were paying.  But, a cool place no less.
5	Highly anticipated dinner at this place. It did NOT disappoint! Everything was amazing. My friend and I shared oysters, which are  so beautiful. I had the scallop  dish ad she had the pork belly. The wine was amazing too. Best part is the bartender and the dj. The sommelier recommended a superb wine too. Staff is excellent and knows their stuff!! Wonderful atmosphere
4	A TWIST ON SOME OF MY FAVORITES. Had a great late Friday night dinner with a good friend.  It helped that my friend knows the staff and we were able to get a last minute table.  It's on the eastern end of St. Paul. The portions are somewhat smaller, but it was all very tasty.  The fried quail and the shrimp and lobster roll were excellent!!! The fried quail is reminiscent of traditional butter milked soaked chicken, except it's with quail.  The shrimp and lobster roll is served on square piece of brioche with creamy avocado dressing. When we asked for a side of asparagus, we were twice told that it's not possible.  The second time we were explained that they only buy enough ingredients for their dishes/portions.  I've never been told this before, but I guess it makes sense if you are using local fresh ingredients...  I will certainly be back for more....
3	I didn't love it. We went to the restaurant by recommendation. It was hidden as people say with no marking on the door.Because they were full, we were not able to get a table and sat in a bar like area overlooking other guests. We were fine with it, but I don't think the other guests liked it.We only ordered appetizers and those took a very long time to come out. We had three appetizers and ended up sitting in the restaurant for two hours mainly waiting for them. The kitchen was small and place was small so it seemed like the kitchen staff was stretched - at least that's how the slow service was explained to us. The good thing about the waiters was that they were knowledgable and gave us the information we needed about the food and what to expect with timing.Food was good, but not spectacular. I ordered tuna tartar with peppers. It tasted different than how I normally like it. I am a fan of sour flavors but this one was the natural taste of tuna with the sweet mix of the cooked pepper. Raw oysters were good and the kimchi patties were good too. Overall, the food was good. The main reasons I didn't enjoy the place as much was that it was in line with my pallet, the service was slow and from what we were told my expectations were too high.
1	Last Friday we had an 8:30 reservation for dinner.   Somehow we got lost and did not arrive until about 9:10.   We had our hotel call ahead and after a 20 min wait they were able to seat us.  While we waited we had a drink at the bar and the bartenders were very nice. We ordered dinner and our appetizers came quickly.  Then we waited and waited for our entree.    Our waitress was either to busy or just forgot about us.   She should have checked more then once with the kitchen to find out what happened.   Finally they admitted that the entree slip was lost in the kitchen.   We know this can happen but they could have handled it better.    They offered us desert but when we ordered 2 deserts they said they were only offering us one.    At this point we were tired and pissed off.     What they should have done is remove the cost of the entree.    For a meal that cost $184 we expect better service.    The next nights we went to Le Filet and Hotel Herman and had great meals.
5	Came back for a conference, and enjoyed the food yet again; it's hard to write how special this place was for me... my brother and I reminisce fondly with fair regularity.  Upon a return with colleagues, it was still quite a wonderful meal, but I would say that company remains the most important ingredient for any dining experience.  That said, the deep fried quail was the culinary highlight for me...Bursting with flavour, and not heavy at all.:)
1	To be honest, Le Bremner was somewhat of a letdown. We got a late dinner reservation on a Wednesday evening at 9:15p. After being seated it was about 20 minutes before my server greeted me and offered to take my drink order. There were a few other tables seated but it was not by any means full. It took another15 minutes for me to actually get my cocktail - the server said the bartender was backed up. We ordered the tuna and tahini, the porchetta w Kim chee, the burrata salad, the fried quail, and the shrimp and lobster BLT. All were highly praised by our server. We asked for her assistance with ordering as we're visiting from out of town. The tuna and tahini was actually very good. An interesting combo with what I think is fried kataifi for texture. Silky, crunchy, Tasty! Then it was downhill from there. The porchetta and Kim chee was meh. Kim chee is very trendy and I should know better by now than to order anything with it. It was an ok but somewhat disparate dish. The burrata salad was bland - needed acid and/or salt. The tomatoes lacked peak flavor. The fried quail was good though not mind blowing. The cheese on the BLT unfortunately overpowered everything else in that dish. We had the coffee pot de crime. Again, just so so. And wine was $15 per glass so a $250 meal that was disappointing. I guess I had high expectations because I'm a Chuck Hughes fan. I'm sure it's his menu but it all comes down to execution. I understand that there are many raves about Le Bremner but I unfortunately did not have that experience. Still a fan but cannot recommend Le Bremner based on my one experience.
5	You've seen the moment played out on every crappy coming of age comedy - the 30 somethings walk into a trendy, new club and have the "when did I stop being cool?" epiphany. Well, art imitates life, and Max imitated any given Jason Siegel character upon walking into this ridiculously cool spot (do kids even still say "cool"?). Because signage was so 2013, you can't see Le Bremner from the outside. And lights must have gone out of style with Kelly Kapowski because you can't see anything inside, either. The I-hate-my-parents hairstyle'd hosts seat and schmooze you while the mustachiod bartenders sling you hand crafted cocktails. The leather clad crowd gawks as you walk through to see if you're important, because you need to know someone or be someone to get a table. I'd reciprocate the curiosity, but wouldn't recognize anybody notable these days. I could redeem some cool cred, knowing all the words in their 90s grunge rock playlist - unless it was just being ironic. ...but that food, though.First plate was a salmon tartare with shishitos; charred, smoky, and spicy Asian peppers over a bed of fresh, high grade fish. Then came the fried quail. This ain't no Colonel Sanders $1.99 special, this is the  General Bonaparte of extra crispy succulence. My very ladylike dinner date couldn't keep herself from sucking those quail bones dry. The second entree was a wholefish, deboned by our waiter like a surgeon. So soft, so flaky, so tasty, we didn't dare disrupt the flavor with the lemon provided. We had a coffee mouse for desert. An indulgent mix of creamy, crispy layers with a deep, rich coffee sensation that emanates a rustic aroma all the way down your pallet.So book that table however many ice ages in advance necessary to go to Le Bremner and be prepared to spend a pretty penny to get the full experience - because it's worth it (but also build in the costs of a new pair of skinny jeans and Miley hairdo before you do).
5	To say that Le Bremner is my Cheers while in Montreal isn't quite doing it justice. But it kind of *is* my Cheers...everyone there, from the manager Mike to the bartender Vito to the delightful server Maude make an effort to make you feel at home in this wonderful restaurant. It was truly a refuge for me during a 5 month stint of working away from my regular home in San Francisco.So, the service is obviously top-notch here. Not in the stuffy, overbearing way. In the way that makes one feel like they're eating at a good friend's house. The menu is relatively small and changes on a regular basis, and they'll be quick to help you explore its highlights. The music adds further to the comfortable vibe of the place - it ranges from Johnny Cash to Biggie to Alt J to The Rolling Stones and everything in between. I want their music library at my house!The food and cocktails are, simply put, awesome. Yelp says that Le Bremner is seafood, but it's not. It's half high-end "comfort food," half amazing seafood, expertly prepared in every detail by the super friendly chef extraordinaire, Danny Smiles. The dishes he serves up rival those at the best spots in SF, no joke. Try the calm chowder, which is supremely light and has a big hunk of white fish on top. I don't even like chowder, but that stuff is making me drool as I write this. ;)  The salmon tartare, fresh oysters, burrata, lamb neck cavatelli, chocolate pt de creme, and pancake dessert are all highlights of this amazing menu. As for the cocktails, well, they are insane. If you want something traditional, they'll do it right (you won't find a shaken manhattan here). If you're looking for something creative, they've got you covered. Just tell 'em what kind of liquor you like, or what you usually drink, and they'll craft something that's not only compatible with your tastes, but will *blow your mind.* Trust me on that one - I'm a cocktail snob, and these guys rocked my world.Simply put - if you're visiting Montreal, go here. If you live in Montreal, you'll want to be careful...once you sample Le Bremner, you may find yourself dining here more often than your pocketbook is prepared for  ;)
4	Food, decor and service is a 5.  But the prices are on a high side, bringing it down one notch for value.No sign on the door, look for the stairs going down from the street.  Hint: if you see 373, clearly marked, you've just passed it.The decor is old stones, nothing stuffy, comfortable.  The food is creative, fresh, not pretentious.  The ingredients are what makes the dishes, there are no tricks of too much butter or salt.A big pus, if you are by yourself, man or woman, you will be comfortable.
1	we were well-greeted, cocktails were really good, appetizers were excellent, soon enough though the lady serving us turned into a super pretentious (you know what). seemed that she got somewhat annoyed at the request to make minor changes to one of the dishes. i can appreciate restaurants that don't want to change anything, but the attitude sucked. Soon after the service was delayed. nearly an hour before we received sour main course.  Our server con tuned with her stinking attitude which kind of ruined the night. Mains were so so. Nothing special. The following night we were at liverpool house and that was something that will blow your mind away
4	Pretty good dining experience.  I had the horse tartare.  But I preferred Garde Manger!
4	Even with Yelp's help, this place was a bit of a challenge to find. With no sign and barely anything pointing towards this hole in the ground, La Bremner is well worth a look.La Bremner is the brainchild of one Chuck Hughes, who is also the chef of Garde Manger. The restaurant itself is pretty small and reservations are definitely a must. I like the atmosphere as well, because it's pretty low-key, warm, and clientele was a bit more on the older side than I expected. Menu changes based on the season, so a bit unpredictable other than the regular items (won't find the menu online). I was hoping for a red meat dish, but regardless, I opted for the Pork Chop with Clams, while others in my party ordered the Sea Bass and the Lamb Cavatelli. We also ordered fried quail as an appetizer and pancakes for dessert. The fried quail was good. I've never found quail to have much meat, but with 4 quail to an order, it was a good portion for an appetizer, though not enough for a meal in my opinion. The skin was extremely crisp and comes with a nice homemade mayo. The Pork Chop was done perfectly as it was nice and juicy on the outside, though it was pretty salty. It does come served with fresh dijon mustard with mustard seeds. Wonderfully done and served with a clam broth and fresh clams as well. The Lamb Cavatelli was good as the lamb had all the lamb taste without much of the gamey aftermath (which sucks for those who actually enjoy that strong taste). The cavatelli was a perfect al-dente, though it was also a bit too salty as well. The Sea Bass was probably the best dish though as fish was flaky, juicy, perfectly seasoned, and was just so meaty. Makes me actually regret choosing meat over fish (very rare for me). Now...the pancakes. Let me just start by saying that I am not a fan of dessert. If I have room for dessert, it means I did not eat enough meat...but these pancakes. They alone would have made this place 5 stars. 4 perfectly fluffy but firm pancakes topped with Pimm's butter and was just sticky, warm, and everything you want dessert to be. The worst part of this dessert was having to share it...Service here is extremely friendly, but like the others, I thought the wait was a bit long (just be prepared for it...grab some apps and drinks with good company). Food and the atmosphere make this place a repeat visit, though it can be tough with so many good restaurants in Montreal. Make your way here at least once though.P.S. Get the f**king pancakes people!
5	Super nice staff, stumbled across after walking around on our second day visiting Montreal, came in for a drink and felt like home! Will definitely come back to eat.
