4	Make sure you ask at the counter & take the free cvs club card! They have lot of sales, like right now they are doing a buy one, get one free for so many items in the nutrients/ vitamins, etc section.
3	I rarely go to CVS because I do my grocery shopping at grocery stores and my drugstore shopping at Walgreens, but I stop by occasionally if I need to grab a quick item.  Prices are decent, specifically I can get a 4-pack of Easy Mac for less than $4, as opposed to at least a dollar a cup other places.  If you use the CVS card, coupons, and take advantage of sales, it's good.For some reason I always try to go through the wrong door at this location... I tried to go out the in door, and next time I was there I tried to go in the out door.  On the first occasion, the guy at the checkout counter gently teased me and directed me to the right door.
1	This is the first review I have ever written on yelp and its due to horrible customer service. I called the pharmacy and was put on hold for 30 min. Since I was leaving urgent care and needed my medicine I decided to drive there instead of waiting. When I got there they refused to fill my prescription even though they were opened for 40 more minutes. I think the girls name was Shayle...extremely rude. Didn't even offer to give the phone # of another 24 hour pharmacy. I had to ask her for it, then I also had to ask to haven prescription faxed to the 24 hour pharmacy to go pick up which was another 20 minute drive. Their motto is "pharmacists who care." Yea right.
1	I hate those so-called saver-card key-fob thingys, even when you don't have it with you, the clerk will scan their own.   I have a message for CVS: is it company policy for your clerks to ask the customer "I'm just trying to help you save money"? when there's no discount on the item or when the customer refuses to for whatever reason, cough up the keyfob. REALLY??...Trying to help ME save money? This is how you help me save money: don't charge so much to begin with and don't do me any favors with this type of guilt-inducing marketing ploy, which just pisses me off more because it's really annoying and patronizing. If I REALLY wanted to save money, I'd keep it ALL in my pocket, AND If I want to spend every cent in my pocket that's MY choice.  For CVS to make their clerks scan with that dang key fob it as if their lives/jobs depended upon it, even when it's NOT A SALE ITEM ...it's offensive and such a waste of time in a desperately pointless ploy to mitigate guilt; and its too bad I live down the street!It's good thing Walgreen's doesn't have to kiss up to me in order to keep people working and their businesses open.
4	This CVS is nothing but exceptional. It's impossible to get in the front door without an employee greeting you. I switch pharmacies from the one on Mill and over the last few year the staff has become familiar with me. They're really good about answering the phone too
1	So, it looks like I am changing pharmacies yet again. Switched to CVS from Walgreens due to bad service. Now, the CVS by my house tells me they are out of stock of my monthly medication, which is fine, but then they tell me they can't call other locations to check if they have it in stock, due to burglaries. I know for a fact that Walgreens still does this. So I am supposed to drive around town, cancel my dinner plans? How about you update your computer system or protect yourself better. It sucks because CVS is right by my house and I fill three monthly prescriptions, but oh well. Time to move on.
1	CVS Minute Clinic system text me that my doctor was ready but they made me wait now 30 minutes. This was a very unpleasant experience when your so sick. Stay tuned for update.Going on 40 minutes and no doctor.... Still waiting...
