4	"If you don't have a beard, you're not getting in"If they could legally put that on the door I'm positive they would. EVERYONE in the shop had one, including two of the women. I don't know if it's a requirement for collecting scale models but it was pretty strange.The shop itself fulfils (almost) every Godzilla fantasy I ever had, it was great being the tallest thing in the shop. I literally had to stop myself from throwing a nice Victorian house into a church and shooting lasers out my eyes.If you're into this kind of thing, this is the place for you. They not only sell the kit, but they sell the tools to help you make it (something I'm told not alot of shops do). I had to the urge to buy something, so I picked up a packed of mini scale sheep and brought them to the counter."Sorry we don't have any Aberdonians to go with them"
4	Whilst my face isn't quite bushy enough to be accepted into the inner circle at stores like Harburn Hobbies, my high degree of social ineptitude plus my general love for geekery ensures I don't feel entirely out of place. I wasn't really all that into modelling and train sets and stuff even as a kid, except Scalextric and toy cars, so as fascinating as I find most of the wares on sale, I'm not all that likely to actually make a purchase. I do think though, that shops like this provide a wonderful snippet of how the world was in a more gentle bygone era,and so I hope they keep on going for years.
4	This place looks friendly and fun from the outside and, surprisingly, isn't full of middle aged virgins.  The guys inside are enthusiastic about their hobbies which include model railways and scaled buildings.  I find the doll's houses with the miniature furniture a bit creepy and perplexing, but there must be people out there who are into it.  They also sell model planes and cars in all their intricate parts along with glue, paints and DIY intstructions. None of this is really up my street, but I can understand the attraction to creating something detailed and impressive from scratch.  It's all quite expensive, but you're paying the quality and the realism of the products.  I doubt I'll be back here, but if you're into this stuff then it'll  be a great place to meet like-minded people.
4	Trains, Airplanes and Cars,They can find you anything,A kid at heart... Weeeee!
