5	I love a great blow out and I am so excited that we have a blow out bar in Summerlin. For $35 (not including gratuity) you can receive a wash/blowdry + signature scent AND cotton candy topped sparking wine. It appears that they have special blowouts for $10 more...that's still a great deal when most high end salons charge $60 for a blow out. It's upstairs at the Market (next to Brio) in Tivoli Village. I recommend parking in the garage, especially this month as we wrap up monsoon season. (It started to rain as I left...live and learn)My stylist was Dallas and I highly recommend her. She is a great listener and styled my hair exactly as I wished. I can't wait to come back.
5	Run... Don't walk to this hidden GEM and ask for Dallas! The staff and ambiance is darling.. They are a "no frills" place.. No cut/color...just a damn good wash and blowout...ill def be back, and sending my girlfriends.. The price is right..the staff was  incredibly helpful, accommodating and the lady at the front had a smile from ear to ear from the moment I walked in.  PS.. my hair looks amazing.
5	My friend and I had an awesome BODH experience Friday night.  I didn't have an appt but they were able to squeeze me in.  I have long hair and a LOT of it - but Dallas and the team did an incredible job.  At one point I had two girls working on me at once - super service!  And I loved the essential oil treatment - Dallas suggested lavender mixed with spearmint which I highly recommend. The place is so cute, the dolls are all super sweet and I looked incredible when I left.  At $35 it was a deal - and it totally paid for itself because my friend and I looked so good, we got free food and drinks from the general manager at dinner on the Strip that night!! Ha! And the style held pretty well for the second day.  Highly recommend this place the next time you need to look and feel like a true beauty.
5	I was in town for a few days and had a big night out planned. I had heard about "blowout bars" and decided to try one.  The Blowout Dollhouse was able to get me in on very short notice. The girls there are friendly and professional, and did a fantastic job at making my hair look the best the best it ever has! The Tivoli Village is beautiful and has wonderful stores - I walked around a bit while waiting for my appointment. And there's a wine bar right across the hall from the Dollhouse that has an amazing happy hour - great wines and cheeses - made my blowout experience even better! This would be a weekly addiction for me if I lived in Las Vegas!
5	Such a fun experience. Love my hair do.  It feels all dollyed up:) ask for Latoya the owner and she will take great care of you!
5	I was so tickled to stumble upon this adorable place.  I was immediately sucked in by how clean and cute it is.  My first visit was Saturday, November 30th. I wanted my hair to look fab for justin timberlake. Ashley did not disappoint!! Latoya, the owner, was very gracious and friendly. The sinks are super comfortable. My daughter is a stylist and I've had my head in a lot of bowls. I can't wait to bring her here so we can have our hair styled together.  Perfect mother/daughter day. I run a business and I'm super busy.  I can actually book an appointment online. Very convenient. It's Tuesday and I'm back.  Valet is washing my car while Ashley is making me pretty!! This makes my day!!!
5	What girl doesn't love a good blowout!Blowout Dollhouse is a great addition to the Summerlin area! I've had two blowouts now and both have been a great experience with two different girls. And the place is super cute, very unique design. It can be a bit hard to find however. It took me 20 minutes to find the first time I was there. To save you time, it's located just above Brio, in the area they call the Market. I never just leave with a blowout, I love my curls! It's the only time I can actually hold any curls. (and lasts at least 2 days). A blowout is only $35, add $10 for a hot iron style. Totally worth it if you're a busy woman on the go or need something for a night out. They take appointments and walk-ins. Ask for Latoya the owner, she will take care of you!!!
3	I have to admit I've been spoiled by my experiences with Dry Bar in California so I was a bit judgmental but I'll go through some pros and cons:ProsDelicious water (don't write this off until you've tried it)Head massage while shampooedExperienced stylistsEasy to pay/ reasonable (market) price ** I also have long hair and a lot of it so not being charged twice as much for the same service is incredible ConsHair perfume - unnecessary and the choices were not appetizing.Appearance - Some stylists looked the part and others could have tried harder - this correlates with the blow out experience because I want the stylist to look like she knows what she's doing and her appearance emulates that. I'm a professional and work in a professional environment so when I see chipped nail polish and a wad of hair collected in a rubber band, I'm not impressed.Inexperienced stylist - my stylist gave me great lift but the curl didn't hold (from the round brush and hair dryer) and I told her beforehand that I have heavy hair and it needs product and a hot iron... it's not the end of the world but I was on vacation and expected certain results. ** I mention this because we talked about it a few times and she was not fully retaining my commentsLocation - this is not really a con but if you're not from the area and trying to find parking and the boutique, it's not going to smack you in the face right away. With dry shampoo I can get 3 full days out of a blow out so I was disappointed that this one was really only 2 but it served the purpose I went in for. I'm bummed I missed out on the beverage selection because sparkling wine can only improve an appointment!
5	Great location. Affordable prices. Wonderful staff. My sister and I got our hair done at Blowout Dollhouse for New Year's Eve! By far the best price in Las Vegas for a blowout and the cotton candy champagne was a nice little treat while being pampered. The stylists were amazing and very personable. The energy of the staff is just amazing and totally contagious. Having my hair done here was by far one of my favorite experiences while my sister was in town. My only issue was that I was not asked if I wanted to spend the extra $10 to get curls in my hair after the blowout. I would have said yes but would have been nice to know that there was an extra cost. Tip: the front desk is kinda of hidden around the chairs! We got confused on where to check in but the stylists were eager to point us in the right direction! Definitely a place all ladies should check out!
5	Last year at Xmas/NYE, i had my makeup and hair done at Mixt Cosmetics. Well, guess what, they no longer have a dry bar. Which leads me to Blowout Dollhouse. I am so glad I kept searching for a replacement in Summerlin. I scheduled an online appt. on Monday, and I was pleasantly surprised to get one at 5:30 for Tuesday. I made my appointment as the "curly doll" so I knew what the price was ahead of time.  I was greeted enthusiastically by the owner, LaToya and was seated out front to wait for my appt. time. I was offered champagne and infused water, I opted for the water. Delicious. My hairstylist was Yvette, a young old-soul for we bonded over the Pandora music that was playing (70's singers/songwriters). The shampoo bowls are comfortable in that they are raised to fit you as you are seated. Scalp massage was superb and the hair scents were new to me, but pleasant. The blowout was a little rough but that's not because of Yvette, but because my hair is super fine and thin and it tangles at the ends so easily. After, she curled my hair and then teased it to make it more full and appear thicker. I was very pleased with the result, even though the top was not as curly as i had envisioned, but I had FULLNESS. At my dinner engagement, I even got the compliment of looking like Reba, before she cut her hair.I will definitely be back, not sure exactly when, but I do hope the Dolls will still be around!!PS I rate the price as moderate, because my previous blowouts with style were only $35.00, but since i live near Tivoli Village, it does beat traveling across town to any of the other dry bars.
5	I have been here four or five times and it is the best high volume blowout I have had! My hair is very fine and they work miracles with volume that lasts for days.  Everyone is super friendly, professional and knowledgable, and the prices are so reasonable. Check it out! 5 stars for sure!
2	Receptionist was extremely vague in available times for a blowout and was unprofessional-gave the impression that the facility did not want to work past a certain time. Could be that facility did not have enough stylists which in effect, means it is likely not prepared to provide convenient services for women.
5	If you haven't been to a blowout bar you're missing out! If you are a female and haven't been to blowout dollhouse, you haven't lived. For $35 one of the dolls will wash, condition with added essential oil ( personally I like the lavender as it lasts all night) and then blowout (round brush dry your hair). For $10 more you can have them add hot tools (flat iron your crazy mane or add bouncy curls.) The team use to offer a glass of champagne with a piece of cotton candy. I really hope they are able to bring this back as it is do nice to get pampered and enjoy a glass of champagne. Ask for Ashley or Dallas. Both are amazing.
2	Well, I can't comment on the drinks or head massage/hairwashing because I wasn't offered or given either of these things. My stylist did warn me that she wouldn't be washing my hair because the curl I asked for wouldn't hold if she did. I reluctantly agreed, even though that is usually my favorite part of a blowout.She put hot rollers in my hair and did no styling, sending me out of the place looking like Shirley Temple. She told me to just run my fingers through it when I'm ready to go out. I also asked for some more volume, and I was told to tease it up myself before my event. I came to this place because I suck at doing my hair, but in the end that's what I had to do. The whole experience was very disappointing, especially since this place is so close to my house. When I pay for a blowout, I expect to leave the salon with my hair finished, and this wasn't even close.Platinum Entourage is 1000x better but a bit more pricy and difficult to get an appointment. The new Blow n Go blowout bar in Village Square is so new that it's still pretty unorganized and took 1.25 hours for a 30 minute blowout, but I left with my hair looking fantastic and a style that lasted for days. Either one of these experiences were worth my money, but Blowout Dollhouse was a ripoff.
4	Went here while on  vacay as an alternative to the overpriced salons on the strip. We were greeted by an awesome space and glasses of champagne from the owner. Dallas did an awesome blowout---thank you ladies of blowout doll house! Wish there was one in Phoenix.
5	I am awful at doing my own hair. So when I discovered Blowout Dollhouse my life got so much easier & my hair so much sexier ! I get blowouts here on a weekly basis because their price is affordable and the service is awesome ! My stylist is Angie & she has mastered the perfect blowout for my hair. Latoya, the owner, did a wonderful job at designing an adorable salon that feels like a second home to me. She has a great team of friendly staff that can all do bombshell blowouts. They also conveniently provide mobile blowouts where the stylist comes to you! Lauren is my mobile stylist and she is amazing too! Whenever I don't have time to make it into the salon, she is so flexible with my schedule. She has last minute saved my hair from looking flat & boring countless times. I highly recommend her.
5	I got married in Vegas a few weeks ago and Blowout doll house came to my hotel room and did my Hair and Makeup they also did my daughter and stepdaughters hair and makeup. All I can say is Shari you rock. I forgot the other girls name my bad I think it was Ivette but she was amazing with my girls. I highly recommend this company nothing but professional and satisfying customer service. Very excellent job ladies.
4	Love the decor.  Vibrant colors. Warm greeting as soon as I walked up to their location.  Sherri is very professional and I absolutely love my blowout!  She said it can last several days and that's great news since I'm lazy styling my own hair.  Located on second floor at The Market in Tivoli Village.  Fast and efficient - I walked out feeling gorgeous! I shall return LOL be sure to make an appointment.
5	I came here for a hair style that would hold up all day for a public event I was attending.  I really wanted curls & usually they don't last because my hair is so thick and long. I didn't have to worry though because the stylist who did my hair was amazing. My curls looked perfect all night,  and even the next day. I really didn't want to wash my hair because I wanted to keep my perfect curls forever. Never before have I had curls that lasted more than even a few hours. I was super impressed. I refer them to everyone now. They definitely take their time and work at achieving perfect results. Also love the cute location and the parade of tea party girls that came through! :-)
5	Just saw my girl Arliss and I now have a fabulous moms-night-out worthy blowout.  The back of my head has never looked better!  Arliss gave me a spa-like shampoo with my choice of essential oil in the conditioner.  I chose spearmint.  So refreshing!  The blow out that followed was so relaxing I almost fell asleep in the chair.I followed Arliss from another salon because she seems to know intuitively what I want and she takes the time to get my hair just right.  I don't walk out until she's satisfied.  I'm lazy about my hair, so I need that stylist help.The ambience at Blowout Dollhouse is cheerful and girly.  Love it.  And now I've discovered the second floor at Tivoli Village.  I'm looking forward to coming back and checking out some of the other shops.  See you next week!
5	Dallas is like Yoda with scissors. Her Jedi hair skills are unmatched by any mortal. Hahaha j/k she is awesome though..... And might I add very easy on the eyes. My wife and I both love her and her work.
5	Blowout Dollhouse is THE place to go for the perfect blowouts, up dos and more! They can take a picture and recreate it like magic. Ashley and Angie have got it down to a science! Love these beautiful dolls!!
2	She took 1 and 1/2 hours to blow dry my hair. I asked for a classic straight blowout with slightly flipped ends. She made me look as curly as Shirley temple. Then she charged me $45 instead of the quoted $35 because "my hair is super long". My hair is NOT that long, but it is very thick so I think I was overcharged because I have thick hair. It's not what I wanted. It's not what I asked for. It's took forever. And I was overcharged. I had to go home and spend even more time flat-ironing my hair to get it at least a little how it I asked for it to look. $55 for a terrible blow out including tip? No thanks. Never again. It's infuriating to spend so much time and money and not get what you pay for. I do not recommend this place. I even had areas of hair that were still wet and I had to ask her to dry them "again". What a waste of money.
5	Wow!  I love how healthy and bouncy my hair looked for my PodBrother holiday video!  I felt confident for the show and my party!  Angie did such a wonderful scalp massage treatment, added essential oil of choice and then blew out stylish curls!  I always feel like a princess when Dallas or any of the girls pamper me in the dollhouse!  The PodBrother Show-Jeneen's holiday show:  http://youtu.be/S0Lusii7Tl0
