3	It has been a while since we last visited the cafe. But we did enjoy the friendly service, the homey feel and the good everyday fare.
2	Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but  DO NOT get the fried catfish basket.  It was soggy and had no real texture, and the outside was completely fried.  Either they did not dry off the meat before coating it with batter or it was just a terrible frozen piece of catfish and was thawed out too long to hold any of its texture.  And they get you with a $8-$9 price tag too.  Make like a cowboy and ride off to another spot in Wickenburg.
2	You're right...small town, homey feeling...nice waitresses from the high school...poor food!  What else is there?
2	As we walked in the door we noticed it was hot & stuffy. Of the 15 or so tables/booths, only about six were occupied, so they were not crowded for breakfast at 9:30 Sunday (10/24/10.)After being seated the girl who brings coffee brought us ours and then the wait began.  After around 5 minutes, I decided to start my watch timer. It showed 12 minutes plus the 5 before for a total wait--for-the-waitress time of about 17 minutes, to take our order. I have had to wait like this just about every time I have come to this restaurant. Then the time dragged on as we waited for our breakfast.  I didn't check my watch this time but I had plenty of time to drink all my coffee without a refill before our bacon and eggs arrived.The food was good & the cost is one of the lowest in Wickenburg. The decor (old West) is fun & interesting! The service is mediocre - IMHO!
2	Love this place for the atmosphere and price, but the service is really poor.  Sunday morning, took over 45 minutes to place an order and get the food.  Not crowded at all, it was very warm inside and maybe 6 table of customers.  Food is always good, but don't go if you are in a hurry or just like to be waited on.  Had to ask for coffee and check, more than once.  Sorry - but service is really bad anytime of day.
4	We had a good experience there unlike the others.  Service was very attentive and the food came in a reasonable amount of time.  Husband had the WESTERN BACON CHEESEBURGER and said it was good.  I had the TUNA MELT and thought it was very good.  The fries were the frozen kind, so they got cold fast.  Some restaurants you just can't expect a whole lot.  I give them a 4 as the service was good, food was good and we were out of there on $21 with tip.
3	After hiking around the Hassayampa River Preserve, my wife and I decided to head to Wickenburg for lunch. We'd eaten in other places in the area before so we decided to try something different.The service was quick and very attentive. The food was OK and pretty standard "cowboy" fare. The salad was OK though the veggies were a bit tired looking. My Western Bacon Cheeseburger was quite good. The fried chicken was a bit overdone and dry, especially the breast though the thigh and leg were moister. The fries were also quite good.Bonus: breakfast and dinner are served all day.Decor is a mix of animal heads, antlers, antiques, and western artwork.They do have the silly "Freedom Fries" listed on their menu, though our waitress called them "French Fries" and Fox News was on the TV, though that was changed to ESPN as we were preparing to leave. Would have expected country music rather than having any news channel playing.Restrooms could have used some work, or at least an air freshener.Overall not a bad place to get a decent lunch.
4	Driving through Wickenburg we were hungry for breakfast and knew we didn't want Denny's but had no idea where to go.My husband ended up randomly choosing this place.  We parked on the street and walked in.  The atmosphere was fun- all the cowboy and hick stuff hanging around.  Nice TV's hanging on the walls with the news on.  Fun books on the table to flip through while you wait.The service was fantastic.  The waitress was attentive and friendly.I ordered 1 pancake, a side of hashbrowns and my husband gave me his biscuit.  I had to much food more me.  The serving sizes are big.  Everything was tasty.I will go back someday.
5	Great food.  Very clean.  If you have special dietary needs they are able to accommodate just ask nicely.  Try them you won't be diss appointed.
5	Yum!! The cook always comes out and talks to everyone. He's funny, plus he makes the best eggs and hash browns ever.
