4	Sure, you can find places in Charlotte that have cook-to-order food along with a buffet (think Chen's Bistro or China One).  Unfortunately those places lack something - usually you can't communicate with the chef, or if you do, the chef mixes your order with someone else's, or you can't add the meat yourself.  Something is always missing.  Not at Dragon House.Don't get me wrong - this isn't strictly Mongolian BBQ - but it's awfully close.  You get a buffet line dedicated solely to the BBQ line, with a number of veggies and lo mein.  You get chicken, beef, shrimp, (possibly imitation) crab and something that appeared to be a sort of seafood.  You get at least a half-dozen sauces.  Throw whatever you want in a bowl, put it in the queue, and come back a few minutes later and it'll be piping hot, ready for you to eat.  Sweet!To make things even better, there are three lines of regular buffet fare to keep you busy while you wait, and a fourth line that holds a few sushi items and desserts - even a soft-serve ice cream machine.The buffet food isn't the best I've had, but it's far from the worst.  You'll find bite-sized appetizers (the dumplings are good) and typical entrees too (the coconut shrimp was my favorite), but it's the BBQ that I enjoyed the most.  Since BD's shut down a few years ago, it's what I've been craving, and now it's back.  If you don't want the pressure, the buffet is quite decent, and the price isn't bad either.  Service is good, but beware that you might see a line at busy times of the day.
3	I have a problem. I like Chinese buffets. Whenever I travel, I try them. When I'm at home, I sneak away for lunch. (My wife disapproves.)Dragon House is relatively new, situated in a former Shoney's. Parking is ample and well lit. It's a busy neighborhood and I would recommend being especially aware of your surroundings.At lunch time, the buffet is fresh and restocked often. The usual chicken dishes are available, from Bourbon to Indian to General Tso and with Broccoli, as well as some beef dishes and broiled salmon. There's even a "Taco Chicken" which looks suspiciously like a quesadilla. The salad bar also has a tray of sushi, which I found to be medium fresh (it's the avocado that gives it away). Lo Mein and Fried Rice as well as a couple of soup options as well. All the standard offerings that you can expect.Don't miss the Mongolian BBQ station, which is decent. Mongolian is like fresh stir fry, pick your own meats, vegetables and sauces and the grill chef prepares it in front of you. It's not the largest selection I've seen but for a Chinese restaurant, impressive.Cleanliness is adequate. The wait staff is attentive and my waitress brought hot mustard on request. If you're planning on using your laptop, I did find one power outlet in the back, but none anywhere else.My fortune cookie: Your charming smile is attracting everyone around you.
4	My coworkers and I have been here a few times for the lunch buffet.  The selection is really great and the food is fresh.  It has a little of something for everyone.  There's adequate parking and I've never had to wait for a table, even though the place seems to be buzzing at lunchtime.  The service (i.e. drink refills) is prompt.  All things considered, a solid addition to my lunch rotation.
4	Great, clean buffet with freshly rotating dishes. Nothing sits out too long, because it gets eaten up! You can't go wrong with any of their shrimp dishes, and the dim sum and steamed dumplings are tender. Skip the fried dumplings though -- chewy.
3	Food has good flavor. But could be warmer.  Eating at 8pm might have something to do with that. Mongolian grill is very good. Although there were fruit flies/knats on the pineapple. Teriyaki chicken (served off the stick) was very tasty. All in all pretty good eats. Just stay away from the pineapple !
3	Not too bad. Decent location, decent selection, decent price, and it's pretty clean inside - just stay clear of the sushi (awful rice and mostly just filled with krab) and the fried dumplings (as previously noted - chewy beyond belief). The mongolian bbq is a nice plus, there are lots of chicken and beef dishes (though not the biggest fan of their mongolian beef), soups, steamed options, and veggies. The stuffed crabs were a little heavy on the mayo/creaminess, and the stuffed shrimp lacked flavor, but when it comes to wanting piles of rice, noodles, and fried proteins smothered in sauces - it hits the spot. Service is pretty nonexistent, but they did make it around before my water glass was completely empty. (I did check on their sanitation score beforehand, since I remembered them being mentioned as one of the areas worst for september - but my main concern, the food not being kept hot enough on the buffet, was addressed - the buffet and most of its contents were definitely steaming!)
4	Buffets are tricky places to review. Rarely do they surpass normal restaurants (notable exception: Kyojin http://www.yelp.com/biz/kyojin-buffet-fort-lauderdale#hrid:uaH2ZwoOIbCggX__UNrYTQ) and since the food is in large quantities the quality can take a hit, but if you're eating till you can't feel your legs doesn't that count for something?This place is a favorite of mine. The servers are on top of things and the food is consistent which is hard for some normal restaurants to accomplish.  Here are a couple of standout dishes:Indian Chicken - This is actually HOT. I love it when chefs use real spice.Teriyaki Chicken - Sometimes I eat a whole plate of these delicious morsels.Hibachi Station - Surprisingly good for vegetarians. Pile crisp veggies on your plate, add some (fake) crab, and have them sizzle it up with the spicy garlic sauce. Fantastic.Popcorn Shrimp - Lightly battered with a nice bite to them.What pushes it to 4 stars: A frequent diner's stamp card that will garner you a free meal (lunch and/or dinner) when it's complete.  Also, they have a full menu if you prefer to order takeout from them. I've gone for the Hot & Sour soup alone.
1	Let me begin by saying that I am not a food snob by any means. I was with my husband looking for some chinese food after a movie and we decided on this place. Upon walking in I was not impressed. Very run down. The people were friendly so we sat down. The seats in the booth were all ripped up. My husband and I got up to survey the food and all I can say is that it all looked questionable. The "hibachi" consisted of a bunch of raw chicken, shrimp, beef and vegetables sitting out on trays on melted ice. So you're supposed to pile up what you want on a plate and walk into the kitchen and give it to the "chef" to cook. WHAT? ok...the sushi is nothing but imitation crab rolled in rice and the rest of the food was just questionable looking. NEVER coming back here again. I don't understand what the other reviewers are talking about...my husband and I walked out.
4	When I say I love crap!, this is exactly what I'm talking about. Keep your French restaurants that leave you hungrier than when you came in. At the The Dragon House Super USA # 1 Chinese Buffet, I am allowed to be the truly disgusting pig that I am. Did I mention I'm cheap? So this place is heaven.Many stick their noses up at Chinese Buffets, but as long as it tastes good to me, I will stuff my face with stir-fried anything for $11. Give me more of that sweet sweet MSG and cheap meat. I want the diabetis (sic) and the food coma, that is why I'm here. Chinese buffets are temples to my third favorite of the seven deadly sins. The steaming trays of sweet & sour chicken, Mongolian beef, rangoons and lo mein are as the stations of the Cross.Risking the consequences of delicious, affordable and potentially life-threatening round at The Dragon House is something I'm prepared to take going in. As Anthony Bourdain once said, ""If there's not at least a 50% chance of diarrhea when you eat something, it's almost not worth eating." I can regret it in the morning, but binge-eating here is one my favorite guilty pleasures.
4	I agree with what I'm seeing in the reviews.Stopped for lunch yesterday - Sunday afternoon - with my wife.Price - left $20 that covered two meals and small tip.Variety - very good variety of items on the buffet.  Food was hot and always full trays.  Grill was a plus.  Plus the stuff tasted good!Service was excellent.  Pretty busy place.  No wait when we went in.  Took our drink orders - ready when we got back to the table.  Kept them refilled.  Cleared used plates.All in all - pretty good place.  We'll be back when we are in Charlotte again.
1	Didn't like it.  Went with some co-workers for lunch.  Food was just ok and nothing made me want to come back.  Don't plan on returning.
4	Don't get me wrong, this is NOT the best Chinese place in town, but this is a great lunch spot on a day when I crave bad Chinese food (bad as in super unhealthy). For $7.29, it's a sizable buffet. My favorite is the hibachi area that's included in the price. They don't skim out at lunch and offer seafood items (squid, bay scallop and shrimp). One dish at the hibachi grill honestly is enough to get your money's worth (Here is my secret to the hibachi: hibachi sauce with a little hot sauce and with garlic).The sushi on the salad bar are scary looking... so please skip it. Instead, just eat the other goodies. The honorable mentions: hot & sour soup, steamed fish, baked mussels, pan friend dumplings, wings etc. All of them are solid.I swear everytime I ate there I left with a miserable feeling of overstuffing myself. So consider yourself warned... you may enjoy the meal at the moment, but you will likely hate yourself afterward for making such a bad lunch choice.
1	This is the most disgusting place I have ever been. My husband and I walked in and walked right out. They have raw chicken, and beef and other stuff at the "habachi" station and you actually have to walk into the kitchen and give your plate to the "chef" to be cooked. Health violations galore.Don't waste your time.
3	This place definitely satisfied my appetite; the stuffed crab is good and the grilled salmon. I have been to other buffets and this I like in-particular because of the Mongolian grill. I get to choose any meat and vegetables and a sauce and watch as they do their hibachi thing. Although their selection is not as big as the others I have been; the selection is good and the food is even better. My fortune cookie said people are saying good thing about me, but then again so did my wife's? What the odds? HAPPY HIBACHI!!
2	A ok place for work lunch.
3	Food is good. Lady at the front desk with attitude bad. She acted like she was doing me a favor by me eating there. When will Charlotte get a restaurant with hand pulled noodles?
3	good place for lunch sushi better than dragon buffet
5	Yummy yummy, if you haven't ordered Take out from this place you are missing out. This is my second time visiting this place.
