4	I am a big fan of local.  This place is a locally owned business that recently took the place of Johnny K's.  Tucked away in a recessed shopping center next to a Food Lion.  On a recent Saturday afternoon sometimes you feel like just going out for breakfast.  Yes, I had eggs and all the fixins at home, but there's something about going out early on a Saturday before all the crazies are up.Nicely decorated and open.  We were welcomed by a nice lady who told me to seat myself and she'd follow me.  My little one and I sat down and were quickly greeted again by our waitress.  My little one had a Belgiam Waffle with syrup and butter.  Out of curiosity I stole a bite and thought it was good.  I had a standard egg sandwich (over easy) with ham on toast.  It was right tasty.  The bowl of grits was good also.All in all it was everything I look for in a breakfast place.  Good coffee, quick service, clean and local.  I'll be back and I hope you'll support this local business.
5	I love this place!  It is a hidden gem, located in the Food Lion shopping center.  Reasonably priced, and really good food.I go to Fort Mill fairly often for business and I always make a point to swing by here for lunch.  I haven't had breakfast or dinner here yet, so I can't comment on that, but if it is anything like their lunch offerings, then it's got to be good.The steak and cheese sandwich is amazing - I always want to try something new, but I find myself constantly getting this.  The steak tips are amazing too.
5	Great service everyone who worked there was super friendly. The food was great also, my wife loved her omlete. My daughters pancakes came to the table and you could smell that buttermilk smell , not only did they smell great tasted good also. I had the pork chops, eggs and homefries. Everything was great, I recommend checking them out if in the area. Kinda tucked down beside FoodLoin off of 160 but well worth it.
5	Excellent breakfast choice. I've been here two separate times and both meals were very good. Hot food served promptly at a reasonable price. What more could you want in a breakfast place? Good coffee too!
2	My husband and two kids came here for breakfast shortly after they opened the restaurant.  It was nothing special, nothing seems homemade, reminded me of Cafe 49 in Lake Wylie.  The air conditioning was on full blast and made our food go cold very quickly.  We have never returned.I will say however the server was nice and attentive and the place was clean.
5	Absolutely awesome! We were seated quickly. I ordered fried chicken with fried okra & peaches. My daughter ordered chicken & dumplings with fried apple (tasted like a mini apple pie yum) & cottage cheese. Meals came with corn bread & rolls. Everything tasted fantastic. The server checked back frequently & kept our drinks full. I wish I lived here to come more often but my daughter said she will be bringing her husband here. Definitely a place to try - you won't be sorry.
5	Ive ate here twice for breakfast and about 4times for lunch. Food is great and prices are good. Great chef salads, BLT, chicken salad plate, great sides, breakfast and sweet tea. I love when I work in the area and can eat here. Great little diner.
5	This is a great place. Love the people and the food - everything is really made from scratch (except for a few things like hot sauce lol). I've eaten here a few times; every time I try something different, and every time I come away happy. The family is originally from upstate NY and were raised in Greek restaurants, so they know their stuff. Garbage plates, prime rib, fresh-made salads, it's all good. I haven't had the Italian dishes but haven't seen the need - why bother with that when there are so many other fantastic options?This isn't a hoity-toity place, it's a down-home diner that gives you great food (both quality and quantity) for your money. Love it!
4	Went for dinner and was very pleased with the food and service.  I've seen the restaurant always open and decided to take the family in for dinner.  We all left full and happy. Will make a next trip for breakfast.
4	One of our favorite local places to take friends and family for a good solid southern meal. Good food, great prices, sweet waitresses who always remember us!
4	My husband and I are breakfast regulars here; it's a great little place for a quick diner meal.  I highly recommend the Greek omelet, and I really like their French toast, too.  The serving staff is always friendly and they keep our coffee cups full.  Their grits could use a little seasoning to keep them from being bland, but that is easily fixed--just order the potatoes instead!  Overall, a solid addition to Fort Mill.
