4	Spoon Cafe is a trendy little Bistro located across from the Festival Theatre. My Dad took me here a couple of months ago before we went to see Scottish Ballet at the theatre, so perfect for the pre-theatre menu. The restaurant has an almost laid back, student feel to it while still trying to be quirky and sophisticated with it's mismatched chairs, bookcases and lamps. My Dad and the rest of our party all had the pate and sour dough bread for starters, which came in a cute little pot. I sampled some and was instantly jealous, giving me high hopes for the main. Firstly, the pre-theatre menu had very little choice so I felt I kind of "lumped" for my main of ham, egg and chips. Of course it was done in a very chic way with approximately 4 hand cut chips positioned perfectly on the plate. It was nice, but it was so damn salty that I couldn't finish it. I didn't add salt to the dish but the chef clearly added it by the bucket load.I was the only one to have dessert, a clementine jelly. It was refreshing and sweet, quite delicious really. This restaurant has the potential to be so much better. I'm stuck between three and four stars, so I am going to be generous and give them four due to it's reasonably priced pre-theatre menu and location.
2	I'd heard several people rave on about Spoon and decided to finally visit when with my mother after she helped me move into a new flat nearby. I was initially impressed with Spoon. It was a large spacious cafe bistro, with interesting pictures with chairs imprinted with maps and pages from comics. It had a sort of a tidy "bits and bobs" feel. I was also impressed by the friendly waitress. It was a big improvement from the Chinese buffet house that used be here.From then on it went downhill. The menu was small, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was little for vegetarians. I wanted to have soup with something else but my only options were basically soup with mushrooms or some mushroom quiche. In the end I just went with the soup. Hoping it would be enough to at least temporarily fill me up, I was given one of the measliest bowls of soup ever with a  little slice of bread. It tasted okay, all two sips of it. Maybe this place is named after its maximum portion size. A spoonful. I had heard this place was inexpensive (one of the reasons I was excited) for what you got but it wasn't, and my wallet was all the lighter for it.What I thought was a simple, cheap place to grab some filling lunch was a disappointing experience. I left almost as hungry as when I went in. The only other problem about this place is you are only allowed to eat with spoons. Nothing else. Even the steak. Spoons only. Okay that's a lie. But I do feel like I might as well have pocketed some of the cutlery with me to make up my money's worth.I have since heard from others that this place has gone down hill a bit, that it used to be cheaper and the portions bigger. Maybe the recession hit it hard. Maybe it will improve again. Maybe I will try again one day and just ask for coffee.
3	Spoon Cafe Bistro is a quirky and pretty neat place to eat. Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Spoon Cafe Bistro is just across the road from the main University campus George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. It looks pretty small and poky from the outside, but it is really spacious and open inside with wooden floors and lots of spaces between the tables which doesn't make it feel cramped and crowded. They have a selection of home made cakes, pastries and antipasti style dishes available. Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers soups, salads and cooked meals such as sausages for lunch, which cost about six pounds each. I come here quite a lot between my classes for a snack and a coffee, and I always have one of their home made cakes which are really beautiful, especially the chocolate brownie which is really light and fluffy which chunks of chocolate in it - yum! Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers a very sophisticated dinner menu, if a bit short, which includes braised pork, squid and aubergine stew. I think sometimes they are trying to make themselves look more posh than they really are, but the food they produce is really gorgeous.
4	I visited for the first time last Saturday. I had a very pleasant dining experience. The staff are very friendly. The wines by the glass are very good. We both opted for ham shank with mash and roasted parsnip.Good idea to order maybe a side of green veg. We were too full up for dessert. Will definitely go back .Also we sat by the window so had nice views out to the busy street.
4	I have lunch here about once a fortnight, and occasional pre-theatre dinners (it's very handy for the Festival Theatre). The food is simple but nice with a good variety and plenty of original ideas - the printed menu changes frequently, and there are always dishes of the day listed on the chalkboards. Service is always friendly, but speed can be erratic and sometimes ridiculously slow. The decor is fun with an odd mix of secondhand tables & chairs and random bric-a-brac scattered about. The period windows are very elegant, but don't sit near them in winter as the old steel frames and single glazing can let in a lot of icy air! But for goodness sake don't replace them with anything modern. The large tables and excellent coffee seems to encourage a regular clientele of students with their laptops - I suspect the place has WiFi, but I've not checked that. Certainly happy to revisit again and again.
5	I will say it loud and proud... I like coffee more than alcohol.I like reading more than going to a pub (on a weeknight).I like food more than making out with a stranger. I like having my face burned by hot oil more than going to a nightclub.I'm 30. I am a grandma. I like grandma things, like tea in bed while watching my 'programs'. I like simple egg sandwiches and scones. I like weird fresh lime sodas that the kids don't think are delicious.  I like keeping a spare band-aid handy, just in case. I like flowery patterns and sun filled rooms with big tables and fresh flowers.So, decidedly, I lu-uh-uhve this place. Now, admittedly I didn't eat much, just a lovely egg sandwich cooked to perfection with hot sauce on some fresh baked bread. I had a sip of the ice coffee, and a bit of a latte, and a fresh lime soda! All very posh feeling, all a little bit pricey. Screw expensive, I'm willing to throw down an extra .50p for a giant sun-filled room where I actually get a table and they don't bribe me to take away my coffee just so there's extra room in the cafe (I'm talking to you Black Medicine, you who I so dearly love). There's huge tables! Couches! Books! Board games! And it's quiet enough to read, enjoy a coffee and sit for as long as you like without feeling like an asshole who's taking up a table. The service was pretty excellent too, although I like my servers to be slightly less attractive so I feel like I can bring a date there. This place is definitely a friend-only, study alone place. It's an amazing, wonderful, delicious, beautiful, perfect grandma friendly - BUT NOT grandma exclusive - place.
2	We figure we caught it on a bad day, during hectic Festival service, but it didn't really float our boat. We summed it up as: "willing to revisit Spoon, outside of festival time, to see whether we just caught them on a bad day. We could completely see how a hearty bowl of something or other on a wintry day, in this setting, would be great. It's just a shame that today's sheltering from the "summer rain" didn't realise more joyous results"
4	I love the space which this cafe/restaurant is set in. It's a great place to meet friends for a drink and there's even a large table which I've seen used by what looked like a book club.The food is generally good although not always consistent.Great place to grab a bite before a show at Festival Theatre, just let them know if you have time constraints. Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
4	I really, really do enjoy this little cafe, tucked away above the ever-busy South Bridge.Hard to find and equally hard to leave, this place will have you wanting to curl up by the fire with a good book and a strong cup of tea. There's something to be said for staring whistfully out a window on a Sunday afternoon. And hey, if said whistful staring just so happens to include a bacon roll, who am I to complain?The chairs, the tables with their old maps, the room-divider, the neutral white colours and the lovely old-fashionedness of it all, right down to the last house-plant, has warmed my cold little heart. I really do adore this place, the quirk of it, and the tea-ness of it.I would strongly recommend this, for that afternoon where you find yourself needing something a little bit more quiet, a little bit different, perhaps a little bit more ... dare I say it, .. Victorian.Oh, the good old days.
5	I love it. I love it, love it, love it.That's not a song but it kinda sounds like it could be right?! Anyway, I'd only been here during the day previously and liked it. I was here last night for their Burns' Turns supper and by candelight, with live music and a room full of delightfully merry people, a wine list, drams of whisky, and delicious haggis (and even more delicious cranachan) I actually wanted to move in. Could I have this as my living room / open plan studio flat please?The ambience, the candelight, the large amount of windows that look out onto the less -than-pretty Nicholson Street but still make it look pretty. The friendly, homely, family-run-feel staff. The cranachan (again).It's open till 10pm I think, and they have beer, wine and food. And hot chocolate. And the food is good. And I think I'm going to move in. Sigh.
4	This is very nice quiet cafe to go with some friends on any day.  The staff is not very fast but the environment and the decor is nice.
4	the coffee is a cracker. the flat white came in a cute retro cup of the perfect size. milk texture was lovely and soft and the temperature perfect. it was strong, round and complex without any residual bitterness. loved it. on the a-list.
3	I love this place, I really do so it pains me to say anything negative about it, but I must admit: the service is below par. They're just .. really, really slow. You can easily stand beside the counter for a couple of minutes waiting for a table, and then have someone pop over to you asking if they can help you with anything (in a slightly puzzled look). Well, since there's a sign asking me to wait to be seated, yes you can!But the thing that really bothered me the last few times I was here was the lack of hygiene, spotty subject, I know. But when I find dust in my teacup, we've got an issue, and I don't just mean a cleaning issue. We've got a caring issue.I love this place, but in order for it to be great, the staff must love it as well and take care of it as if it's their own.Now, this might just have been the winter blues for the past 2 months but come on people, step up your game! I'm rooting for you here!
4	I've visited Spoon a few times during the day now, and I've decided I'm definitely a fan. I like the quirky interior decorations, the mish mash of old school furniture and the whimsical paintings on the walls. Even a visit to the loos is fascinating, with old 1970s women's adverts plastered on the toilet doors and walls proclaiming that a modern woman can look 40, so long as she doesn't let the wrinkles show. What the?! I had a lovely plate of lentil soup, served with a good helping of brown bread and butter on my latest visit. The soup was very tasty and I enjoyed every last drop. I shared a plate of home made chips, which were also very nice. As for service, I was there with a few other people and we were very happy chatting away, so I didn't notice the relaxed (some say SLOW) service from staff. They were pleasant and friendly so all in all I've had several good experiences here. I'd happily recommend.
4	If I was studying in Edinburgh, I think I'd find myself here between lectures and the like. I went with a friend who had nothing but good things to say. The style of the cafe is so very divine - there's a vintage chic feel about it. It feels like the sort of place I could easily spend hours studying over a green tea and then forget about my lecture because I became so enamoured with the place. It has a very relaxed feel and I like the fact that everyone seemed busy, preoccupied - reading books, working away. I had the thai fish and coconut soup as it's something I normally wouldn't consider. It was absolutely delicious! The elderflower juice was also great! The clincher for me has to be dessert. What a delicious carrot cake! My favourite cake of all the cakes and it most certainly didn't disappoint! Service wasn't the quickest and one star has to be knocked off for the price. It was a little expensive for an everyday lunch. But I'd say Spoon is more of a treat. It certainly is special!
4	I love this place! The white coffee with soy milk is awesome. In addition the workers there are super nice and easy to talk to.
5	I cant really make a rank of the cafe between these around the George Square. Spoon, Brew Lab, Peter's Yard and even the starbucks next to the sainsbury are all my first choice. Spoon have two areas, one for drinking and casual talk, another one for food. i tried the food once, which is nice but still not good price for a student lunch. but i go to Spoon to meet friends and have drinks often, and sometimes order a piece of cake. the cakes of Spoon must be mentioned because they have different selections each time you went to. so that means their cakes are fresh made everyday. The drinks are lovely, especially the hot chocolate,which is made from the real dark chocolate. You can tell it from the taste. i love the inside decoration of spoon so much. i love every detailed stuff of it. :)definitely a good choice for meeting friends or just stay there alone yourself.
3	The staff here were unbelievably rude to me and my friends when we visited. The food was delicious if a bit expensive but I was really disappointed by the attitude of one particular staff member who must have been having a bad day. Another friend ate here recently and had a similar experience so despite the beautiful decor and delicious fare I don't think I will be going back for a while.
4	This bistro is nice!!!!! I had the Goats Cheese Salad and my friend had the thai pork soup! Reallt friendly service and gorgeous decor!
5	Really cosy atmosphere interesting bits and bobs dotted around the placeDelicious lentil soup and the best hot lemon and ginger just what was needed for a sore throat
3	Drinks and pudding were delicious. My friends whom I joined were very happy with their savoury choices. We stayed late because the atmosphere is inviting and chilled. I look forward to sampling all parts of the menu next time. Spoon is hidden, being up all those stairs, however, it has a friendly feel and is a great shout for quality food in comparison to it's next door neighbours which are true for their value to money.
4	A perfect spot for a pleasant weekend morning breakfast. Full of quirky fabrics and table decorations, Spoon offers a nice menu of traditional breakfast drinks and meals. Our waitress was very helpful, friendly, and attentive. Definitely just a good, reliable place if you're looking for an easy breakfast spot.
4	Have had a tremendously  lovely time. Pretheatre menu magnificent. Can't wait to go again.
4	The food is really good, not that vegetarian food is terribly hard, but not many people take the care to make it terribly good. The ambience is kinda rustic diner, which is the only reason I give it 4 stars- because it didn't seem to want me to sit alone for the hours I was there with my amazing fish dinner. The servers and staff are all exceedingly nice, and I love tipping American style for that. Bravo. w
3	So, I've been to Spoon a couple of times now and have arrived at a definite 3 stars.The setting is lovely. Lots and lots of tables and mismatched chairs giving a nice eclectic homey feel. Very friendly staff too. The most recent time there was a pretty long wait (an hour) until our food arrived and little attention whilst waiting which was a shame.  However we were a large group and there was another large group in so perhaps were a bit busy. Food rather mediocre but good enough. Won't be in a hurry to return but wouldn't be totally disappointed to go again - if you know what I mean?
3	I was unprepared for the vastness of Spoon. From the outside, it appears to be little more than a teaspoon, but once you've squeezed through the entrance and trotted up the wooden stairs, you emerge into a veritable serving spoon of a space; light, airy, and dotted with white muslin curtains, Spoon is a spacious joy.Our table of ten, over to one side, included a nice squidgy pew along one of the walls, and nearby was a snuggling of Chesterfield armchairs (yes, that's totally the collective noun) in which I could imagine whiling away hours on end over a hot chocolate and a book. In terms of the place itself, no question, five stars.It's a shame, then, that on this occasion the service was something of a letdown; we waited twenty minutes for our orders to be taken and a further hour for our food to arrive, though it was far from busy, and not a word was said on the delay. And once it had, nobody returned to check on us although I'd have loved another orange juice and was wedged between Yelpy pals on the squidgy pew so getting out was tricky.I'd ordered the muesli and yoghurt. Perhaps I was imagining something a little more constructed, but what arrived was precisely that - a vast bowl of muesli with a slightly carelessly-shaped flurp of yoghurt across the top. It was very yummy, but the muesli to yoghurt ratio was large; more a case of too much muesli than too little yoghurt, and I ended up taking Jenna L's unused milk jug from her tea to moisten the remaining melee.A trip to the toilets was a fun treat, though, decorated as they are with cuttings from old beauty magazines, all of them the print version of "keep young and beautiful if you want to be loved", which is highly entertaining reading while one carries out ones functions.In short, I adored Spoon and really want to give it a better rating. I'm not sure what was up - at one point we were laughing because every single member of staff appeared to have vanished - but I fully intend to return here and give it another go. It HAS to be as good as it could be.I'm not usually apologetic over a three star review, because it's a good rating - "A-OK" is fine by me - but would break my heart if "A-OK" were truly representative of somewhere that ought to be such a delight.
4	I've come here on two separate occassions, once for brunch and another time for tea with friends.Both experiences were enjoyable. I would give 3 stars for the food. It was alright, nothing spectacularly amazing though. But the atmosphere! Spoon is in such a lovely location and the cafe is so well-lit with windows on all the walls. The quirky decorations and furniture just scream whimsical. It kind of makes you want to instagram everything in the room.Basicallly, the food is okay but the atmosphere bumps it up to four stars.
3	Spoon is lovely. I've heard of it for a long time but had never got round to going. The decor is lovely- vintage-y without being naff or try hard, as often can be the case. I had a roll with black pudding and egg that was totally spot on and everyone else really enjoyed their breakfast grills- the veggie and normal alike. It had a lovely atmosphere, and although we were all in getting breakfast there was an elegant table near us that we're having fizz. It had a nice buzz and eclectic mix (although potentially this was heightened by the festival atmosphere that pervades the city?)
3	Decent place this, plenty of scottish produce on a varied menu, have to say the Dingwall Black pudding was superb. No rush when eating, no pressure from the staff. It is a spacious place where you can sit and drink and eat without the danger of getting a bowl of hot soup down your neck. I will go again and try some other dishes. Any minus points? yes they forget to bring the coffee but the world still turns. The main thing is that the food is good and freshly cooked.
5	Perfect place to hang out with friends and have a tea or coffee.  Really nice atmosphere! We got mint and orange tea and coffee. It was great!
4	Spoon's menu has appealed to me for a while and before a trip to the Festival theatre, it made for a perfect pre-theatre venue.Inside is a bright, airy, comfortable and warming interior. It's the right side of quirky and kitsch with retro, mis-matched furniture and decor.The menu is varied, with daily changing specials and plenty options for those with dietary requirements. A lot of places lay claim to their 'fresh and seasonal' ingredients without delivering a quality end product. Not at Spoon. They make incredibly tasty and inventive food. Delicious, hearty, full of flavour and very satisfying.Contrary to some previous criticism, I found the staff to be friendly, attentive and very helpful when it came to questions about the menu. Service was timely and efficient, no complaints at all.Spoon is definitely getting added to the list of 'go-to' places in the area.
4	I Love Spoon! Its super cute, spacious, has great couches for teas and coffee. Its open till late too, which is almost unheard of for a place that serves coffee and teas, in Edinburgh. Great local food and produce, which make delicious dishes. The place has a hipster feel but in a "not trying to hard" way.  Cool eclectic furniture and dishes- hip grandmas house . Professional service which is always a plus. I have gotten hot chocolate there once with a friend and it was delicious! This time I had a dinner with my husband and was not disappointed. I got the pre-theatre set meal with the mushroom dumpling stew and it was filling and delicious. I had for dessert the lemon polenta cake with marscopane which was nice but a eww bit wet with the lemon sauce. Can't wait to go back.
