4	I recently got a tattoo from Mad Tatter and I am really pleased with the results! The shop was VERY clean and professional. The staff was all very friendly. The artist, George, took his time drawing everything up to get it exactly how I wanted it. He never got annoyed when I wanted to tweak something or modify it. The price was a little higher then I had been quoted by some other people, but still nothing outrageous. While we were there my husband talked with one of the other artists about finishing up his sleeve. The guy gave an AWESOME deal for everything. Overall I was really happy with my experience and we will be back to finish up my husbands arm. The shop was friendly, professional, clean and did great work. What more could you want?
5	I took my daughter there to get her nose pierced for her birthday, they were very nice and professional and made her feel comfortable.  Its a nice shop and they were very friendly and did a great job.  I will definitely recommend them!
5	The employees were very nice and Adam made me feel very comfortable. The prices were reasonable and the shop was clean. I love my dermals! :)
5	Ok so just got home from getting my nose pierced here, I went in and it was about 15 minutes till they were closing, they were very nice and were more than happy to pierce me. The the guy that pierced me was very sweet (wish I got his name)and helpful and took his time with me I was very happy that even though we were cutting into his time he did not make me feel rushed. The place smelled awesome too idk if that's just because I'm a girl lol but I immediately loved that it was nice smelling and super tidy and clean. Overall awesome experience and I would definitely come back here for another piercing. I'm already planning on coming back for a tattoo. Amazing! Thanks guys!!!
5	I went in today with my grandma and had an amazing experience! Amanda was beyond great with service and piercings were fantastic. Good Family owned business, who were all very nice. The place was very clean, well lit, and overall very nice. All in all I had a great experience and will defiantly go again! Thank you!!
1	I got my first tattoo here at Mad Tatters back in September. My artist was Liz, I liked her work and I liked the environment of the shop. So when my friend asked me to go with her to get her first tattoo, I recommended her to this shop right away even though I was disappointed to find out that Liz no longer worked there. Anyways, we made an appointment with a guy names Brian. His estimate for the design was between $200-$250. Tattoos more than $100 get a 20% discount with this card that they display at the front desk if you bring in that card on the day you get your tattoo. Brian took a $60 deposit when we made that appointment. When we showed up for the appointment, a gentleman who I believe to be the owner said that the tattoo would be between $300-$350. I told him that Brian told us it would be $200-$250 so he told the artist who was drawing up the design to charge it as $250. At the end of the night, they charged my friend $195. Which is a lot more than the agreed price. $250-20%=$200. Now with the $60 deposit, she should have only paid $140. Instead they charged her the $60 deposit PLUS $195 for the tattoo and a $10 bottle of soap which means they charged her $245 for the tattoo. They didn't keep their own deal for the discount. These people are a fraud, manipulative or just really bad at math. The quality of the work is completely disregarded as any tattoo shop that can't keep their word on their price is no shop to trust with such a big deal. A rip off! I don't recommend this place at all anymore and I regret that I put my friend through this.
5	I was in town for a weekend visit and used Yelp to find this shop to get a small tattoo on my ankle. It was a great experience, walked in and got in right away. The guys working in the shop were great to talk to and I love my new tattoo. When you're getting permanent body art the experience and memory is important, since you'll have that memory forever, so I appreciated that it was such a positive one and I couldn't be happier.
5	I've gone to this shop multiple times and every experience has been amazing. Amanda has done piercings for myself and my Mom and now I wouldn't go to anyone else. She takes good care of us and makes us feel comfortable. Also, I just had a tattoo completed by Brian who has far exceeded my expectations and blew my mind.  He is a talented and creative artist. I thought I was walking in to just get a simple add on to the previous tattoo he did, but he went above and beyond for me. I'm incredibly happy with the outcome. Just like how I said I won't see another piercer, I now will never go to another tattoo artist. The whole Mad Tatter family is professional, caring and genuine unlike most shops who are just greedy and in it for the money. If you come here, you won't regret it. Thank you guys for everything! You all rock and you'll be seeing me again shortly!
