1	No fresh fruit.. no mochi.. not Pinkberry! It's pretty unfair to compare every fro-yo joint to Red Mango or Pinkberry but for me these places have set a certain standard that every fro-yo place for me has to live up to.. Golden Spoon, no exception.. I would compare the taste of the fro-yo here to that of what you get at some convenience stores.. now granted I only had the vanilla with yogurt chips and Ive been told that the chocolate is better, but if you cant do vanilla right, well.. what's the point? It also wouldn't be hard for them to add fresh fruit, come on, really?!I can't wait till Pinkberry opens a location(s) here!
4	Loved it.  Just what I was looking for!  I enjoy a simple frozen yogurt with minimal calories and golden spoon is the ticket.  I am quite simple, I like a vanilla and chocolate swirl / side by side and I will occasionally add some rainbow sprinkles...This place is at least healthy!  And since it is frozen yogurt, after my hike with the pup on Sunday I treated her to a vanilla mini....she loved it too!
4	I finally had a chance to try Golden Spoon, and I was impressed!  So many flavors to choose from and all fat free - wow! I went with cake batter and had yogurt chips as a topping. Creamy, smooth, delicious - now I know why several of my friends are addicted.Now, as much as I love twangy tart yogurt flavors, I don't think it's fair to compare tart with creamy - it's like apples and oranges.  So, with that said, I have another yummy yogurt place to add into the rotation - thanks Golden Spoon!PS - I would agree with previous reviews that adding fresh fruit and mochi as toppings would be a great addition to the selection.  Obviously you're doing something right though; the place was packed tonight!
4	Gabi brought Golden Spoon to the radio show tonight.  She asked me which flavor, I said "chocolate" without hesitation (Hey, girls need chocolate!)I've never been a fan of froyo in the past, but I'm hooked!The chocolate had little tiny chocolate chips - so cute!It was rich and creamy and didn't have that yogurt bite that it used to.  That tanginess (My spellcheck underlined it, I think I just made up a new word!  Trademark!) that really doesn't go with anything frozen was completely absent. Thanks Gabi!  I'll definitely stop by again.  Maybe for my next radio show!YUMMY!
4	This place is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fat free - new, clean place, plenty of parking - nice staff - and did I say fat free?  Great spot!
3	My favorite flavor is definitely the peanut butter. This froyo is creamy and sweet...just like soft serve ice cream...without the calories and fat. The only problem is that the portions are pretty skimpy. I could have this every day for sure :)
2	Gosh, I know everyone LOVES the Golden Spoon, but if my sugar- deprived children don't even want to come back (and frankly I was pretty unimpressed too), then it just can't be that super.As I've mentioned in other Yelp's, we are a super-duper low-sugar family.  So even the tiniest smidgen of sugar makes my kids salivate and go ga-ga.  (When you don't do a lot of sugar, even a little tastes super sweet).  So why on Earth were we all so completely unimpressed?  Well, the flavors weren't that flavorful (we even tried SIX of them!), the guy behind the counter was not at all nice, and for it being a brand new place in a brand new building, it just wasn't all that "sparkly".IF the server were even remotely friendly, I might actually consider giving this 3 stars.  But no such luck.  Perhaps your luck will be better.   My best to you!Warmly,Kirin :)
4	I like Golden Spoon.  There, I said it.Golden Spoon was introduced to me by my wife (who is a big fan from California, where GS is well entrenched).  I'm a fro-yo fan and frankly, there aren't a lot of good choices in Phoenix.  Plus, I'm a bit of a traditionalist and don't like all the "Pinkberry-esque" places with green tea flavors and fresh fruit toppings.  I want my yogurt served straight up, and I want a lot of choices of yogurt.  Golden Spoon delivers in spades in this regard.There are usually a dozen or so flavors to choose from.  The sugar content is very reasonable, and if you want just a little bit they have a kiddie size that is about $2 - very reasonable.  The portions are pretty big so don't order a larger size if you don't want it piled up.One suggestion if you like to add toppings is to ask for a larger sized cup so that the toppings don't overflow out of the cup.My favorite flavors are Peanut Butter Cup and Heath Bar - they go great together side-by-side
5	Simply the best (non-tart) frozen yogurt in the world!  Okay, that might be a little hyperbolic, but it's certainly the best I've ever had.  Golden Spoon trumps TCBY, Miss Karen's, and all other fro-yo competitors - perfectly light and creamy at the same time, with the most delicious flavors, and the best variety anywhere!  Mounds Bar, Cookies 'n' Cream, Heath Bar, Peanut Butter Cup, Espresso, Winter Mint, Cake Batter...the flavors are just fantastic!  I like that they have many sizes, although I inevitably end up taking home 3 or so larges for the week.  I guess what I'm trying to say is...I'm addicted to Golden Spoon!  Ah, it feels so much better getting that out there in the open.
3	I actually really like this place. The portions are not small compared to the price and size of gelato spot. For 1.85 you gt the same amount that you would at g spot for 3.80. I had them dig out the base that they use for the fro yo. Surprisingly it is not that scary , natural for the most part the only thing I saw that was bad was corn sweetener. They ones with name brand candy bars in them have trans fat because the candy bars do. I would be weary of the peanut butter one too because most peanut butter contains partially hydrogenated oils. Almost all the toppings have it too. Thats why I prefer Sweet Republic as all there toppings are homemade. But if you want cheap ? I like the mango rasberry twist.
4	A great healthy dessert that actually tastes good!I've been here twice now, and neither time was I disappointed. The flavors are true and really do taste like ice cream. So far I've had the Egg Nog and a toffee flavor, and both were delicious.And the spoon IS gold.
5	I LOVE soft and creamy Golden Spoon and luckily my family and friends feel the same way ;)  The peanut butter cup and heath bar are standouts and you can try the flavors in little cups first.  I like to get two flavors like Dutch Chocolate and Peanut Butter both in the same cup....thank goodness it's fat free and I can walk there to help offset the frequent visits.
5	This was my first time at the Golden Spoon, ever! I'm used to going to the other frozen yogurt places, so I didn't even know this existed until I drove by it. I went in thinking it was self serve (like the others) but there's actually someone behind the counter getting it for you, and applying the toppings themselves, which is alright, but I prefer putting my own on for some reason. I thought it was great how they had a lot of different cup sizes and cones. I usually get something strawberry related, but they didn't have anything like that, so I tried the cake batter with fresh cut strawberries and it was actually really good. I also thought the small that I got was a lot! Which is nice to know you're getting your moneys worth.The employee working was very honest with his customers when someone asked if other frozen yogurt businesses are hurting his business. He said that yes, they are, but at least people are eating yogurt! I will definitely go back and I hope they have different flavors next time. but I still won't stop going to the self serve yogurt places, because sometimes it's fun to mix them and do things yourself. It's all yummy!Also, he said the Golden Spoon makes their own yogurt and it has more actual yogurt in it than the other places. My favorite froyo place in the valley!
5	Finally went to Golden Spoon last night... it lived up to the hype! The flavors I got were cake batter and strawberry (yes, they let you do a two flavors, for no additional cost!) and they were delish! I ordered the small size, and was unable to finish it - so you really do get a lot for your money.The service was great, and they let us sample as many different flavors as we liked, and even gave some great suggestions of combos. We'll definitely be going back :)
5	This is one of my favorite yogurt shops. The taste of the yogurt is better than some places and its always the correct consistancy. I hate going to places and getting the melting  runny yogurt. I also prefer that its not self se - trained staff is just better at filling my bowl. Place is always clean and great staff!
1	I used the bathroom here with my 3 year old when the farmers mArket was going on and there were baby roaches all over. I first saw 3 and when I flushed the toilet one ran out from the seat! I immediately told the young girl working there and she said " I know, the owner won't do anything about it!". She went on to say all the employees wrote fake complaints just so he would call an exterminator and he still did not do anything. Anyone considering eating here should visit the restroom first!
4	This is my wife's favorite frozen yogurt / dessert spot in the entire Valley...no seriously.  If we're anywhere within a 10 mile radius of this location, picking up frozen yogurt immediately becomes my next task.  Although I'm not as big of a fro-yo fan as she is, I like that their flavors are really low in calories and still taste quite good.  I usually get the Just Chocolate / Mint Chip combo and it never disappoints.
5	Several months ago, I had a difference of opinion with fellow Yelper Katie K. I was a Yogurtland fan, and she a Golden Spoon fan. Somewhere along the way, we decided to give the other place a try, and we kind of swapped allegiances. So I write this review in honor of Denver's sweetest sweetheart...Katie K. I popped in to this Golden Spoon the other night after dinner. We had a buy one get one coupon, and it was about to expire.The consistency of the yogurt is bomb! Nice. Thick. Almost like ice cream, but you get that fantastic yogurt flavor. The topping selection is pretty good, although it could use some more fresh fruit. For the clean freaks out there, they use brand new spoons for each customer when they serve toppings. No backwash.And you get service with a smile.I'm coming back here. Again, and again.Someday, I hope Katie K. comes to visit me in Scottsdale so I can take her out for Golden Spoon. Treat's on me.
4	I like Golden Spoon.  It's no Pinkberry, but it is quite good.  I'd say it's like an upscale Dairy Queen. Pros:  -The flavors are all really tasty--very creamy, like ice cream--the majority of which are nonfat. -The yogurt doesn't melt into cream by the time you get home. -The toppings bar is created to satiate a sweet tooth:  nuts, berry toppings, chocolate, hot toppings, candy, etc. -Servings are generous and modestly priced. Even the toppings are sprinkled on heavily.  -Many sizes to choose from. Cons:-No fresh fruit!  (luckily I always have fruit at home to add to my froyo). -Employees swirl the yogurt and add the toppings for you (this can be nice, but in the age of Yogurtland it also seems annoying). -No tart flavors. The pros definitely outweigh the cons. Definitely worth a try!
4	How can I not show yelp love for the original fro yo shop that kept my addiction fulfilled in the early days of the fro yo phenomenon? Yes, that is what Golden Spoon is to me. When I first moved to Phoenix from college, I was coming from an area that was overloaded with frozen yogurt shops for the college girls who shared my love of the frozen treat. Unfortunately, Phoenix hadn't quite yet jumped on the bandwagon and so the only choice was Golden Spoon. To make matters worse, the only locations were north on Shea or South in Awatukee. So, since I was living in Old Town, the Shea location was typically my choice. I can say that I added several miles on my car very willingly to treat my taste buds to Golden Spoon. Yes, it was the closest shop to me but it's also creamy and completely delicious. The frozen yogurt is served by staff and comes in different sizes. You can choose from multiple toppings and it's just your "old fashioned" frozen yogurt shop. I'm using old fashioned very loosely in this sense, since frozen yogurt is anything but old fashioned, but with the self-serf trend, Golden Spoon is "old fashioned" compared to that. I don't visit Golden Spoon as often as I'd like anymore because it is still a bit of a drive, but anytime I'm in the area, I know just exactly where to stop for a sweet frozen treat!
3	I love going here on Fridays. My personal favorite is cupcake or cake batter. I like how the place has tried to add more unique toppings like mochi. I still like BTO in Tucson better.I also appreciate that they have a mini size fro-yo cup, in addition to the usual small, medium and large.
1	The customer service is absolutely terrible.  I have been there 3 times now, giving it a fair chance, and each time the employees were rude.  I went tonight to try and redeem a groupon and they said that they did not accept it and that groupon had made a mistake.  There were no exceptions.  NOT how a small business should be run.  I will not be back
5	Golden Spoon is so much better than all the self-serve frozen yogurt shops in the valley.  It's the original of the modern "fro-yo" craze in the valley, and remains the best.Not only is the yogurt more flavorful and more solid, but you also get a lot more for your money.  Golden Spoon charges by the size, not the ounce, and the employees are very generous about the amount they pour into your cup.  They have no problem letting you sample flavors, and they mix however many you like.  And unlike the self-serve places, the yogurt doesn't look like a giant glob in an oversized bowl by the time you sit down to eat it.The only negative is that you may be dealing with a line during busy hours as you wait for the employees. And yes, the plastic spoons are colored gold.
2	Their yogurt is good, but personally I'd recommend yogurtology or mojo better, for the flavor and especially because I really like the self-service system.
1	Golden Spoon has an amazing product. It's truly the ice cream lover's froyo. The yogurt is creamy, flavorful and relatively nutritious. The staff are also consistently friendly and helpful. Why the one star rating?  On a mission to satiate my cinnamon yogurt craving last weekend, I stopped by the Shea location. Some yogurt melted on my fingers while sampling--no biggie, I'd just run to the restroom. While drying my hands, I glimpsed some movement out of the corner of my eye, so I took a closer look.  I'd like to refrain from naming the baby bugs I saw darting around; I think we all know what bug is associated with perpetual infestation.  No, I'm not referring to termites or ants. Heart rate elevated, I took a brisk walk out to the front of the store. Passing the garbage can, directly adjacent to the yogurt machines, I spotted the one of the adult culprit(s), just chilling out and enjoying life. I absorbed my surroundings:  the yogurt machines were covered in what looked like several days' worth of melted froyo, the floor was in dire need of a proper cleaning and the front doors were propped open. There's nothing like the smell of delicious, sugary froyo wafting out the door to invite some more "friends" into the place. I immediately emailed the owner of this location but I have yet to hear from him/her. I can't believe I actually went though with that purchase. My stomach lurches every time I think about having a taste. After this experience I will never go back. Ever.
5	What could be better on a hot summer day in Scottsdale than a dish of low-fat Golden Spoon yogurt.?  Service is beyond friendly and the yogurt and toppings are top notch.
1	This place was not clean at all.
3	Pretty yummy fro-yo.  My favorite flavors are peanut butter cup, tart mango and pom-blueberry.  The service is always pretty friendly too.  This is the first time I've used the bathroom there and to say I was horrified is a complete understatement.  I would liken it to a run-down gas station in the middle of no where.   Yuck..yuck..and triple yuck.  I frequent this place quite a bit but after seeing the bathroom it makes me wonder how clean the rest of the store is that isn't used by customers :-/...maybe I'll switch to Gelato for a while...
5	I love everything about this place. Clean, super nice employees, great variety of flavors, fresh toppings, and huge portions. They have a deal right now that's good for the summer: buy a $25 gift card and get 2 free regular sized yogurts with that. Fo sho!!The regular size is big- especially for my kids- so we often share or split these (ask of an extra bowl!). Cake batter & rainbow sprinkles. Best combo ever. Your welcome.
2	I was going to give this place 3 stars. But then I hovered over 2 and saw "Meh. I've experienced better." I feel like that statement is a better reflection so I'm going to leave it there.I've seen a bunch of coupons and ads for this place but always ignored them because Yogurtland or Yogurtini are my two choices for fro yo. I overheard some coworkers talking about Golden Spoon and decided to try it out. I also had a bogo free coupon on my kitchen table so I thought, why the heck not?My boyfriend and I went on a weeknight. I was disappointed that it wasn't self serve. I love self serve places and think it's a smart business move. For the consumer, you get exactly what you want and it's a better value. I decided to get the graham cracker and chocolate peanut butter flavor while he opted for the coffee one. It's like a dollar for each additional topping (a huge rip off). I got the praline pecans, which I have to admit, was really good and made it for me. The flavor of the fro yo itself was just ok. I could taste hints of peanut butter but I have no idea what the graham cracker one tasted like. The coffee one was pretty good though, not too sweet, not too bitter. We got the regular sizes since that's what the coupon said. The size was too big for the two of us though. We both had leftovers. There were a few other people that came in and I noticed that they all got the minis. I probably would have gotten that size too if it wasn't for the coup.I probably wont be back because it's too expensive, their flavor and topping options are just okay, and it's not self serve. Oh well, at least I know now.
3	Here I discovered a frozen yogurt as good as ice cream!  If you've never been a yogurt fan, this place may change your mind - it did me... WOW! Going back for more!
4	Salted caramel.  Need I say more...They have the best salted caramel yogurt and it is so addicting...  I like how the yogurt is scooped for you and you still have topping choices.  This method is portion controlled and there is no fear of getting more than what you need.The only negative comment that I have about this place is that it is sometimes untidy.  The crew just needs to pick up after some messy customers.
1	I will grudgingly admit that the yogurt is good at Golden Spoon but the place is absolutely filthy. Has it ever been mopped or had windows or furniture cleaned? I only see one or maybe 2 teenage workers behind the counter -- this owner is maximizing revenue and minimizing staff/cleaning cost. I wrote him a calm, rational email about the cleanliness situation and he didn't bother to reply or acknowledge it. I'm probably done with this place and will seek a self-serve yog shop instead.
1	I have tried to over look the filth over and over again but I can't anymore! The floor, machines, walls, tables, chairs, bathrooms everything is disgusting!
2	2.5 StarsI share the sentiment with my fellow Yelpers on The Golden Spoon on its decline of quality.  I first found The Golden Spoon in Carlsbad, CA about 8 years ago.  They then infiltrated the valley with many many stores which made me happy with our favorite place for Froyo at that time.  After having a pretty good presence in the valley stores started to close for good.  My six mile trek became traveling across town to get this awesome Froyo.  The Golden Spoon to me is like one of those family members you look past their flaws because you're so fawn of them.  Well my eyes are now open to the fact that their frozen yogurt no longer has the same great taste I remembered and this store is always dirty.  As much as it pains me, I am not sure I will drive 26 miles one way to come here any longer.
2	I wanted to like this place and have it become my sweets destination with my co-workers. However the last time we went in one coworker and I grabbed cups and started making our yogurt using the self service machines. The other two coworkers within asked for a sample and were in the fence about ordering. When they decided not to buy the owner confronted them and chastised them "uh hello? You're leaving? Ask for a sample and leave, I'm trying to run a business here!" This all happened as we were at the register and was awkward and inappropriate. The yogurt is pretty standard just like all the other places in town.
2	Two stars are due to the horribly dirty shop they keep here. We went with a group around 8pm, store open until 10. The mirror was dirty with old yogurt, floors a mess, the guy was already hosing out two of the units so TWO flavors not available. Water going everywhere, cleaning it with a seemed to be VERY dirty brush in front of customers. GROSS!  Countertops and tables sticky. Ugh..They do have great quality yogurt but this last visit grossed us out on how dirty everything was. All the other posts are correct about this location. The owner needs to wake up to these complaints!
2	I was very unimpressed.  I went in looking for a delicious fusion of fruity, sweet and tasty frozen yogurt only to be disappointed with bland and unflavored frozen yogurt.  The selection of flavors to choose from were few and there was nothing special about the flavor choices.  I decided to go with the tart mango and the vanilla.  Both were bland.  I think the best tasting part of my entire experience was probably the white chocolate chips I chose as a topping.The service was nice and the place seemed clean.  With all the options in the valley to choose from when it comes to frozen yogurt that has a wide selection of fun fruity and delicious flavors, I see no reason to come here again.
