4	So happy to see one of these in my neck of the woods.  This one has been open less than a week and I'm quite pleased to say that they got it together.  Tons of patrons and staff yet it was run like a well oiled machine.  Food came out hot and in good time.  They are running a three course special for 12.95 which was a great deal.  The little desserts are awesome.  I had the white chocolate strawberry.  So yummy.  They also have a blackberry, blood orange iced tea that was so good no sugar was needed.  Say what you want about Olive Garden not being authentic but I was quite happy with my meal and service.  For a newly opened place I was impressed.
5	My boyfriend and I had a great time today at this location. We were greeted by multiple empoyees and our server, Sunday, was very fun, jovial, and upbeat. Two different managers introduced themselves at our table. It was amazing how quick and thoroughly they cleaned the tables when people finshed. The staff here is really on top of their game. I was worried that we would have to wait since it's brand new. We showed up at 4:45pm and were seated immediately. When we left an hour later, there were a few parties waiting. I doubt if the wait was long  because  the hostesses were seating people constantly. I look forward to visiting this Olive Garden regularly. I'm also excited that they have added some lighter fare options (575 calories or less) to the menu and offer veggies or whole wheat pasta upon request.
3	For them jus opening up I expect for them to be busy. I didn't have to wait to long. But the thing that disappointed me was that cut back on the plate size. I figured that they probably was doing that cause maybe they had limited supply and  wanted to make sure they were able to feed everybody. I don't know, but that kinda disappointed me. Cause I been 2 several locations and this is the first. Overall the food was still great, but i just hope they go back to their regular portion sizes. Like getting a bowl of Gnocci soup with no chicken or dumplings lol Really!
1	It did not surprise me that there was a wait at a new location, but there were probably 8 employees behind the hostess station looking like they had no idea where they were. After our name was on the waiting list, (40 minutes) I could not find a place to sit, so I thought there may be room to sit in the ladies room. On my way to the bathroom I had to wade through about 50 servers milling about in the aisles. This is a big location, but there is no way they need a staff of 200 inexperienced servers to stand around looking confused in groups of two.We did wait less than the predicted time, but I think that was due to the fact that the people in line before us were no where to be found when their names were called. We were seated at a decent table, but the building is loud and overcrowded, so we couldn't hear each other talking. That makes a meal awkward enough, but we were also being interrupted constantly by servers delivering items to our table that were meant for other tables.Our server was nice and tried his best, but I think in general they trained these servers to up sell and serve wine samples, but not on practical things like table numbers or order timing. When I saw the new menu, it made more sense since they are obviously all about the money, money, money. The prices have gone up! I suppose they need more money to help them pay the cost of the new building and maintaining an army of untrained servers to run around being useless and blocking fire exits all the time.Our entrees were served before we had a chance to eat our salad and the appetizer came out 10 minutes after that. I guess they were going for a reverse dining experience. The food came out so fast and inappropriately timed that I felt we were being rushed out. Combined with the loud atmosphere and the numerous people stopping by the table it felt like eating at a parody of a good  restaurant.The food itself, while served way too quickly, was also not very good. I am a fan of Olive Garden, so I am not sure if they changed the menu or it is just being executed poorly. The salad was gross and rubbery, my fettuccini was bland and my boyfriend's ziti was so salty he was draining Lake Mead with all the water refills. The appetizer was okay, but honestly I'll eat pretty much anything as long as you deep fry it. Additionally, it is hard to enjoy an appetizer when it comes out after you've already started your actual meal. With that much food on the table you start to realize how much you are pigging out right now. Nobody wants to be reminded of the call to Jenny Craig they will have to make as a result of this one meal. The server did apologize for this, but no one offered to take the appetizer off the bill... or even to take it back. Just shut up and eat your pile of food, fatty.Even though there were people everywhere throwing food at us and asking us how we were doing at the beginning of the meal, they all disappeared at check time. I guess they get yelled at a lot for those sneaky upsells? The manager came by after several minutes, but we just wanted to give them our money and leave by then. Honestly, this Olive Garden needs to call its birth mother and get some guidance about how to win at being a real restaurant. Maybe we will try it again in a year. Until then I think we will stick with the Red Robin right next door.
3	Olive garden it just bunch of cheese, pasta and sauce, yet they charge an arm and a leg for it. Another problem - appetizers came out pretty fast, we were still eating salad as our entre came out. It's probably the way that they try and save on salad and bread sticks refills. It felt like they wanted us out of there fast. What happened to enjoying the food and the atmosphere? (we actually do eat fast and even for us food was way too fast). Servers were great, friendly, however, as a chain restaurant they are turning into fast food place - get you in, fed and out out asap so they can make more money on the next order of 2 dollar pasta and sauce.  I would only return there for soup, but I know how to make it at home now.
5	We chose this olive garden for our son's rehersal dinner. We were treated like royalty and it was a busy saturday night. The manger and staff were excellent. We couldnt have asked for a better venue for this celebration.They deserve five stars !!!
1	My brother and I came here for dinner about 5 days after they initially opened  and everything seemed fine until suddenly he stops eating and moves his plate away from him.  It wasn't he explained that there was something on his plate that he thought did not belong in his salad that I took the plate and looked at it.  Lo and behold there was a dead fly on the remainder of his salad.  Obviously I was not happy about this and called for management.  They had comped our meals and was apologetic which was fine, we weren't going to make a big deal out of it or make a scene, however, we left with an uneasy feeling and hoped that the next time would be better than that visit.We jump to today as we decided to give it another go as we wanted to celebrate a family event and the Cheyenne location was too far away from our residence.  We should have just gone the extra distance!  While the food did not contain any unwanted critters or "special surprises," the service itself was displeasing.  Drinks were forgotten, drinks came too late, our entrees came about 45min after we had finished our appetizers, no refills were offered, and how many times could the other people working there possibly ask OUR server to come back to the table for us to get To-Go containers, our dessert orders, and the check?!  It was totally ludicrous! I love going to Olive Garden.. We enjoy going there to celebrate events or just because.... However, we will surely pass on going to this specific location for the time being.  Perhaps they need to re-evaluate their staffing or management for that matter.
4	We were driving on our way to BJ's and noticed this new location.  After seeing the $12.95 three course special ad on tv and also new items added to the menu we stopped in. We both were pleasantly surprised in our meals.  My mom had the grilled chicken with risotto grilled chicken Toscano, which she loved.  I opted for the parmesan potato crusted chicken with scampi linguini -quite tasty.  The potato topping, almost tasted potato chip like in a good way, was yummy .   The scampi style linguini, not as heavy as an alfredo.  To be honest, Olive Garden is not my no 1 choice in restaurants, but this experience was quite pleasant. The salad great,  and the soup the pasta e fagliole- very tasty, almost chili like.  We took half our meals and desserts to go. We both had the lemon, raspberry white chocolate cake - perfect.
3	Alright, grand opening day for this Olive Garden location. Not so much a review as it is feedback/constructive criticism for management- Upon entering there was a wait, my name was taken and given a wait time: accurate estimate of 5-10 minutes. The hostesses could be more professional and more friendly- first and last impression of the restaurant and that should be taken into consideration by them- more smiles, eye contact are necessary as guests can appreciate that more and are more patient when the staff are warm, friendly, and sincere; speaking of sincere, the hosts attitude and voices are forced and far from meaning what they say (such as "thank you" or "I'm so sorry") being a host and previous assistant manager of a restaurant myself- the small details are what are pertinent. Mirror the personality of your guests to create a bond and interaction. The host that led me to my seat was more friendly and personable, smiling and explaining who my server would be, did not leave with a parting comment like "enjoy" or "thank you".  Also this is a casual fine dining atmosphere, slang and lack of professionalism should be no where near here. No one wants to hear "ok, YOU GUYS, you're table is done and good to go. Follow her back that wayyyy." It's not "do you want/if you want" : much more proper to say "would you like/if you would like to". Or looking for a party by shouting out their last name through three sections of the restaurant "BAXTER! BAXTER! BAXTER?! BAXTER?!" Then coming back in saying "nope, gone." It is in better interest to write a description of the party (if in the event the beepers run out, which I'm sure was the case here?), walk up to the party and greet using a salutation- "Mr. Baxter, the table is prepared for your party of four; I do apologize for the wait. Would you follow me please?" And then thank the party for their patience when seating them, give their servers name, and part with wishing them to enjoy their dinner. Lacking in class and most definitely smiles- focused is alright but please, ladies, do not look miserable doing your job- you set the tone for the restaurant!My server was Devon. I waited 4 minutes to be greeted, not too bad. She looked rushed and frustrated, the table behind me was waiting for 15 minutes to be helped until a manager came to take the order. Employees, your managers are here to help; don't sacrifice the patience or enjoyment of the party you are waiting on because you are hurried, ask for help to greet or take an order, just a few minutes and you could lose a tip or a customer forever. She didn't offer wine or even remove the glasses from the table when I mentioned I only came for dessert, nor was she very savvy on the menus: I'm not quite sure if she even looked at one before because I asked a question about having another dessert menu and she searched frantically saying, "lemme see if its on the back here." I told her I already checked and it wasn't. She was sort of shocked and said she would go ask the bar if they had one. Came back later, took my order and didn't collect the menus until half way through. Once she was not so rushed she smiled and made eye contact. Confidence is key employees, act like you know what you are doing, move with grace, don't let the frantic show on your face, and you will have us all fooled (in a good way). She waited to bring my check, didn't rush me, so I can appreciate that :) .The Dolcinis- two were frostbitten/completely frozen (strawberry and tiramisu), the lemon mousse was perfect. Writing this review, I have been waiting for the other two to defrost enough to taste the flavor and not ice. Overall, the first day is bumpy but going well from what I see. All the rest will come in time. Thank you management! I wish you all well in your business and personal endeavors!This was written on my initial visit to OG. I went back for a second visit for dinner and dessert.. And well, I don't think I would dare waste my time writing about the terrible service, lack of professionalism, bad manners, and unrefined management- even weeks after it has opened..
3	This location is new. The food was ok. Very busy and loud. Hopefully once its not so new these things will get better. Couldn't hear the person next to you. But other then then it was Olive Garden with good salads and good meals.
2	Still trying to get it right... Went there last Saturday night and of course it was busy.  However the service was fine except our server was in the weeds, an older gentleman and seemed he could only focus on one task at a time.  My main concern was the food. That being said, the salad and soup were their usual hits, it's pretty hard to mess up this restaurants franchise staples and were to our expectation. However our main entree course's were not up to par. I had the seafood mare which was a large dish but the pasta was over cooked and the sauces were quite bland, the lobster ravioli was dried up and the sauce was too hot, ( it was breaking up and separating, butter and cream.) My girlfriend had the eggplant parm and that was overcooked and dried out.  Our server upsold me a Italian margarita that had armaretto shot served with it and it was quite horrible to say the least.  I think this place has to work on their food more before I would feel comfortable coming back.  Also had our payment on the table for over 20 minutes before our server brought the check and then he hovered at the table while we signed the credit card slip which I am not a big fan of.
2	Well it seemed like they had their sh*t together but maybe they are still working the kinks out.  I took my husband here for lunch and while we were seated right away pretty much the dining experience went downhill from there.  The booth we were given was soaking wet, so wet it felt like I had peed myself when I sat down.  To say the least it startled me and I stood straight up into the hostess.  She came back a few minutes later with some paper towels taken from the ladies room and wiped the table down for us.       Our server came and introduced himself and ripped the menu out of my hand trying to point to a picture of an appetizer I had no thought of ordering.  Someone else brought all of our food out.  No refills, and no check ups.  Some manager came over and dropped a left over Father's Day coupon on our table without saying a word.  We must have sat for half an hour with empty dishes stacked in the middle of our table while countless servers walked past us.  Our waiter was nowhere to be seen.  Finally he shows and asks us if we want boxes to go.  Our plates were empty for fucks sake.  Our lunch came with dessert and the guy brings my husband the wrong one, but whatever.  Another half hour goes by before we get the check.  The coupon was left on the table and I'll wait a long while before trying this place again.
1	Well we finally got an olive garden in the North West but it's far from a nice restaurant. I ate here with 6 people for a meeting, we were told the wait would be 30-40 minutes on a Sunday night around 8:30 PM.  We ended up waiting more like 55 minutes to an hour. Not that big of a deal, we sat down and a couple people didn't end up eating because we had further plans not a big deal because four out of the six people ended up ordering entrees. Although if you asked our waitress, taya I believe her name was. This was a big deal, and enough to get an eye roll. Food came out fine, no complaints about that (although really, personally I can't eat over processed food advertised as Italian) The biggest complaint though was that EVERYONE at our table was charged not only gratuity, but we were also charged as if everyone had a portion of salad. This wasn't the case, we didn't have time to wait for our waitress to fix the mistake (she was missing every time something was needed.) we ended up coughing up the difference.  I definitely won't be back to this olive garden.
5	Excellent service, excellent food. A truly great experience! The children enjoyed the experience, server really did a great job!!!!
1	So sad that such a well-established brand can be so poorly run.  We'd read the bad reviews of this brand-new Olive Garden, but went to try it anyway.  At 4:45 PM on a Wednesday afternoon, we were seated promptly in a virtually empty restaurant.  TONS of staff in evidence.  Waited 15 minutes for someone to come check on us, take our drink/appetizer orders.  Nothing.  No one.  We walked out, went next door to the Red Robin and had a fabulous experience there.  What is this place (Olive Garden) thinking???  Is every waiter a lazy POS?  SO sad.  Never again.
1	Sadly I would of never thought I would be giving Olive Garden a 1 star. Found out that my favorite event at OG was going on and since we hadn't yet been into our neighborhood OG since it was new, it was a easy choice. We arrived and and were seated immediately by the front entrance. Nikki was our waitress and we placed our orders. I ordered the Asaigo garlic alfredo on angle hair pasta and the chicken noki soup. After the normal wait time our salads and soups were brought to the table. I kind of laughed as there was only about 1/4 inch of soup in my bowl. All broth and 1 piece of gnocchi. I started to eat it and about 5 minutes later Nikki stopped by to check on us. I asked for another bowl of soup, and she stated," I don't know why your filling up on soup when you ordered the endless pasta." Well, I was embarrassed and just told her I like the soup. She leaves and brings back another bowl of soup and it is once again only has about 1/4 of a inch of soup in it with no gnocchi  at all. Just the broth! I asked Nikki why this was and she said she had to scrap the bottom of the pan to get that much and that they were waiting on someone to bring them more.  Now I know this is just me, but the manager stops over with a big smile wanting to know how we are doing. I told him that I was put off by Miss Nikki and what she said to me. How awkward I felt. He said he would get to the bottom of it. Now out comes Nikki bringing me a full bowl of soup and asks me in a condescending voice, "is that enough gnocchi ?" WTF!!! I didn't even ask for that bowl! Now while she is there someone else brings out our food. So I have my pasta in front of me and I don't even touch the soup. I am disappointed in my service. I really did not enjoy my dining experience because of this particular person. I would much rather drive the extra 5-6 miles down to Cheyenne Rd and go to that OG. Because for the 7 years I have been going there I have had excellent service.I won't be back anytime soon, as we are fans of Michoacan and they KNOW how to provide a good meal with great service,and it's basically in the same parking lot we will go there if we want to stay close to home.
2	Salad is good but that Olive Garden ya know! The bread sticks were burned and hard. Have to say though my hubby and I both got the endless pasta bowl. Mistake. The sauce was null... Almost none so I asked for a little more and just now the waiter brought us one on those boat things of sauce... Bear in mind that it took 13 minutes to get the sauce. Pasta is ice cold. Ill just take it home and heat it in the microwave.Right now I'm thinking that sauce boat better not be on my check...I didn't need a whole darn boat of sauce...good it's not. In all I will just drive the distance to go to the rainbow location!!
5	If it weren't for a gift card we probably would not eat at Olive Garden.  Our last experience in Flagstaff, AZ was not good.  The food was awful!  BUT, we have a gift card, so we give Olive Garden one more try.  This particular restaurant has only been open a short time.  The building looks very nice on the outside.  Well, the inside is different than other Olive Garden spots.  Very nice!!!  The greeters were right there and eating at 4:30 meant no wait.  Ken took us to our seat and told us about the never-ending pasta ......and he made a personal recommendation...said he's had it many times in a row...it's that good.  (pomodoro sausage)We were then greeted by Luanna who offered us wine and then took our drink orders.  When she came back we placed our order.  I had the salad, which is always good.  My husband had the Pasta Fagioli soup.  He said it was really good, especially compared to the last time he had it (in AZ). The breadsticks were served HOT.  We were offered refills, which we took.  Luanna came back to see if we wanted more and we said no thanks...need to save room for dinner.  We had spaghetti with meat sauce, which was very tasty and Penne Sausage Pomodoro which also was really good.   It was served, steaming hot and in a timely manner.  When we were finished, she asked if we were ready for more but the portion was generous and there was no way we could eat another bite..She asked if we had room for desert but there was no way.  IT was a great meal for $9.99 each!!!!!!!!So yes, we will be back to THIS Olive Garden!!!
3	This review is for this location only and not for the chain....let me start of by saying that I love olive garden.  We did not have one back from Hawaii (although there are rumors that one is being built in Kapolei) so every time i came to the mainland I made sure I stopped at one.  Now that I moved here, I can come here anytime.We were seated right away and as soon as we sat down, my daughter said we should order calamari.  The person who seated us was surprised that she liked calamari.  What was even more shocking is what came out of the hostess's mouth.  She said calamari was octopus.  I told her no it is squid. "Well isn't a squid and octopus the same thing"  Ummmm no it's not.  I was shocked that someone who worked there didn't no this piece of information.Anyway fast forward to our server who was slower than molasses. Our drinks were messed up and the food came out before we were even done eating our salads.  This guy was sweating so bad it was gross.Maybe this is a sign from calorie gods that i should not be wasting my calories on olive garden and pick a different place for a cheat meal.  Nonetheless how can you go wrong on never-ending pasta bowls.  Yummo.  the garlic sticks are to die for and that salad dressing has me drooling right now.  I was so excited to see the dressing at Sam's Club..I will come back and give this place another shot.  Hopefully my waiter will look like he did not just run a marathon.pros:ample parkingnever-ending soup/saladdelicious foodshort wait timecons:sweaty waiters
3	After reading some of the reviews it seems  a majority of the gripes involve the staff. With this in mind I had a low expectation of the service my wife and I would receive. I arrived earlier than my wife and as soon as I walked in the host greeted me with an eccentric "Welcome!" And then a random comment that I didn't quite hear. He was friendly as was the girl behind the check-in booth. It was a Thursday night and there was no wait (other than my own personal wait for my wife). Service was fast, our waitress was not friendly but not rude either. Our food came out very quick. So quick that I was sitting with an entree and basically a full soup bowl. That's not a worthy gripe in my opinion just something to note. The capellini I ordered was decent, nothing too special. The one thing I did notice and wanted to mention is their prices on their menu are not what they charge. Every item on our receipt was just a little more expensive than what is presented on the menu. The capellini on the menu is 11.50 but our check said 11.99, the dipping sauce 3.75, charged 3.79, etc... Not a huge deal, and not even big enough for me to say anything but either their menu is outdated (which is unlikely since they just opened this location) or The OG has figured out a clever way of sneaking in a few extra dollars per ticket. Too subtle to really notice or even complain about. I don't know, you be the judge. Overall, decent experience.
3	Newest Olive Garden in the Centennial area.  It's about as average as a restaurant can get.  So not bad, but far from great.Honestly, the main reason my family and I ever end up at Olive Garden is for the never ending pasta bowl.  I mean come on, isn't why a lot of folks go?  It's probably one of their better deals.  $9.99 (used to be a few bucks cheaper a few years ago) for all the salad, breadsticks, and pasta you can handle?  I'm sure marathoners carbo-loading give this one a go!  However, I'm a bit weak in the pasta eating area, after two servings consider me down for the count.  Too many carbs!  But I'm more a purist in my pasta dishes, whenever we come in I usually go for the spaghetti with meat sauce, or the fettuccine alfredo.  Every once in a while I'll go for one of Olive Garden's new sauce.  Is it just me or do the breadsticks taste different now?  Seems so not homemade anymore.  It's like the kind you can find in Costco already semi-prebaked.  Not my favorite like long ago.  I like the salad, but since now you can basically buy Olive Garden Italian dressing and croutons in places like Sam's Club, it's super easy to replicate at home.  Olive Garden does use decent pasta though, and cook it well enough on most occasions.  This new location in Centennial is often packed when we pass by, so obviously they must be doing someting right.  But yes, with the vast amount of choices to get quality Italian dining (anyone for $25 spaghetti in marinara at Scarpetta?) you can have your pick of the moon.  It is convenient though for folks like us on the NW side of town, who aren't exactly the closes the fine dining on The Strip.  I just don't find Olive Garden the most exotic of places is all.  It's an OK chain, but yep it's still a chain.Our service at this particular Olive Garden was spectacular though.  Our waitress was very friendly, quick to refill our items, not pushy, very patient, and let us go free with the fresh grated pecorino-romano cheese!  We were there for a while for dinner, and she never rushed us once.  I'd go back again if she were our server.  Nice gal.It's been a long time since I've tried anything else besides the never ending pasta bowl on Olive Garden's menu.  To me, it's just a tad expensive.  For around the same amount of money, you could go to a decent buffet in town, or a place for Happy Hour.  I'm all about cheaper eats, so we rarely choose Olive Garden.  Many of their dishes are just on the expensive side, and I don't usually want to get full off of pasta.  A dish averaging $14 -$16 seems the norm, and I often think I can find a better bargain for dinner somewhere else.  I'm sure the pricing is one of the reasons Olive Garden started heavily promoting their never ending pasta bowl as an excellent value.  I'll be back to Olive Garden, but only when I see a good bargain!
5	Just had another tasty lunch at my local Olive Garden.  I have been a fan for what, maybe 30 or 40 years now, since I used to live in California.  My waitress, Jackie, was as friendly and as fast as you will ever get.  I usually get the soup, salad, and breadsticks lunch, since it is filling and tasty.  The soup was great, the salad was great, and the breadsticks were hot and tasty.  All in all, a perfect lunch.  Look for Jackie and you will be in and out quickly, so you can enjoy your day, with a nice full tummy.  Will go again soon.  Five stars!  =D
1	I went opening week so maybe things have gotten better, but I was highly disappointed the first time my bf and I went here for dinner. It was 7ish and it was a friday night but we were seated fairly quickly. That was the hilight of our dining experience.First let me say my bf does not frequent Olive Garden as much as I do so upon receiving the menu he had some questions. They had a special going on with 5 new entrees one of which had risotto as a side. He asked our server what exactly is the risotto and she told him it was a noodle. Doh! I explained to him its like a cheesy rice. The waitress didnt even acknowledge her mistake. Then he asked our brilliant server if they had a carbonara sauce she had no idea what that was. Hello lady its on the menu!  He tried describing the ingredients to her and she was still not getting it so she went and got a manager. Are you kidding me? The worst part about it was the whole time she (waitress) was interacting with us and taking our orders she had her knee on the booth next to my bf which I thought was totally unprofessional. Then when the manager came to the table she crouched down and I absolutely hate that.  Stand up and take your knees off the damn seats. The food was good its olive garden so most likely you know what to expect. I won't be going back to this location.
4	Fairly new location.  We've been here 4 times.  Have always received great service and food.
3	Olive Garden, never awful but never good. The mediocrity of cheap Italian dining.The staff were nice. The food average. The meal uneventful.
3	AMBIANCE: 4 - This location looks nice and rustic on the inside. it is very busy and well-lit. It feels like a very intimate place. SERVICE: 2 - They like to accommodate some people and not others. Staff is forgetful and sometimes forgets to hand buzzers out. The servers are really nice and helpful. Mine answered all of my questions about the menu, and she was very prompt with getting drinks&food back to the table. FOOD: 3 - Food was hot, but taste was just okay; it was average at best. I know I've tasted a bit better at OG! Their drinks were really good! I tasted their sweeter moscato, which is excellent, and their peach sangria (it needed more wine) General info; they switch their food specials all the time! check their website for current special before visiting!
5	I have yet to have a bad experience at Olive garden, we eat there about once a week or so, I always have the soup, salad breadstick deal.  Consistently good food, excellent, polite service, reasonable prices.
5	The manager here was great...our server, Kimberly, was wonderful and we had another server, Rodolfo, checking on us regularly as well. It was the fasted and best service I've gotten anywhere in a very long time. I will definitely be back!!!
5	Tiffany was an AMAZING server! She knew my boyfriends grandparents by name and already had their drinks on the table by the time we sat down. I love going to places where I feel at home and where the whole party is treated like family! Thanks Tiffany!
5	OG has wonderful salad, soup, breadsticks and entrees that are very reasonable in price. Our server Marsha provided us with a sample of wine before deciding which to order. Service was impeccable. We will return to this location and bypass the W Cheyenne.
1	We were excited this restaurant opened by our home. The service we received HORRIBLE! We were seated promptly, it was busy, all the tables were full. No one came to our table...no drinks, bread, a hello...nothing, for 15-20 mins. I saw the hostess that sat us & said "excuse me" to get her attention. She looked up at me from the stack of papers she was reading but couldn't be bothered enough to walk the 10 ft to the table to see what it was I needed. I had to go to her because I didn't want to shout my request. Another server said he would take our order & help us for the night. "Joe" did well and we had no complaints. But, I will be taking my business elsewhere for the the time being & near future.
2	So I've given this Olive Garden two chances, both times my experience was sub par. Tonight, I ordered via their "curbside pickup." It's just like Applebee's car side to go - they bring the to go food out to you. I was told my order would be ready at 6, by 6:15 no one had come out to the car so I just went inside. Apparently they were getting a rather large to-go order together, but still 15 minutes outside waiting seems long. All of the food was good, aside from the bread sticks. For some particular reason this specific location has the nastiest bread sticks. Other locations I've been to in CA don't have that stale, microwave taste, with hard ends; however, this location has had stale bread sticks both times I've been here. The servers were nice, but seemed overwhelmed and under-trained. This is the fault of management for setting their servers up for failure! They were so behind and I felt badly for them. Overall, the food is inconsistent, but the servers are nice.
1	Terrible service! Waited 10 minutes and no one acknowledged we were even sitting there. No drinks, nothing. And they sat us at a dirty table. We just walked out. Hostess didn't even care. Will never return to Olive Garden.
1	I had a terrible experience here and given the little time I spent inside, I will keep this review short and sweet.  What makes this visit so frustrating to me is that I was ignored.  I walked in seeing that the restaurant was busy on a Saturday afternoon.  I was seated quickly in what seemed to be the busiest part of the restaurant with two large parties around me.  I saw server after server brigning salad, bread sticks and sauce to all of the tables while all walked past me without so much as a look.  Then I saw a family come in, get seated, and have their drink orders taken right away.  Meanwhile I have been in here for nearly 10 minutes and I have not seen a server or anybody for that matter who would take my drink order.  That is when I stormed out and told the host up front that I had not even been acknowledged.  He asked if I would like to speak to a manager but I chose not to.  I just wanted to leave.  I went to a different Olive Garden and received superb service there.  Not to mention a good meal.
1	Got to the this location at  5:10 pm.  Was told that it was a 25 - 30 minute wait.  At 5:40, after watching several parties leave and no one being seated, we asked the hostess how much longer the wait would be. After being told we were not on the list, we had to point out that we had a restaurant pager.  I was then told they could not give an estimate as the manager had "cut those off which is something they are allowed to do." (Yes, direct quote). Left and went down the street to Smashburger.  After reading the previous reviews, it appears that we made the correct choice.  Also, it is interesting that the customer feedback page on the OG site is not working.
4	Impressed! Surprised to see so many negative reviews. We did have to wait awhile to be seated, but it was Fri night, so we expected that. Our server, Kendra, was great! Very nice & had a good sense of humor, too. She even went into the kitchen to find out EXACTLY what marscapone cheese is when I asked.My husband ordered the chicken marsala & really liked it. I ordered the, um...seafood bordella I think it was called. It had shrimp, scallops & tilapia. I wasn't crazy about it. Oscar, I believe he was one of the managers, came around to see how everything was & even asked if he could bring me a different dish. I declined since I didn't think there wasn't anything wrong with it; I guess I'm just not a fan of tilapia in tomato wine sauce. Will order something different next time. Breadsticks & salad were awesome, though, as usual. Thier toasted marshmallow martini is TO DIE FOR!!! HOWEVER, only have ONE! I had 2 & I think it was too much "sweet" for me. But they are SOOOOO delicious!We also really liked what they did with the building. Looks really nice inside & out. The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the seafood dish & how noisy it was in there. But, we will still go back for sure.
5	My wife loves Olive Garden and I've always thought it was mediocre but we went there for our anniversary on a Monday night. It was busier than most restaurants and they said it would be a 20 min wait. We were seated within 10 and we had the best server! If you go there ask if Lynwood is working bcuz he was fantastic. Very attentive and knew the menu well. This new location is slightly quieter than the one on Cheyenne as well. We will surely be going back soon.
1	Went in at 11:15 on a Saturday morning  with the family after being turned away at Shuck's and Timbers because they are 21 and over. There were very few cars in the lot so we anticipated at least a quick seating. OG opens at 11:00, but we were told we would have to wait for a table to be set up. After an extended wait and watching several employees milling around with no sense of urgency and acknowledgement we were still waiting. We opted to dine elsewhere and walked out. In my book, it starts with the service. We got none.
3	It's good for the groups
5	Extremely,  pleasantly surprised.   I had written off this chain years ago but a gift card from my mother in law brought us in.  The service was amazing!   2 people strategically checking on us and a manager that made his round as well.  Our 3 year old ate his food (wonderful flexibility), I went out on a limb ordering the Pappardelle Predators.  It has seafood and I am extremely picky having lived on the coast.  All of our meals were excellent and we even ordered deserts to go. (Sooo full)  and they looked great.
5	I was very impress with our tall waitress. She was great to my family. The only thing is they need name tags so I can put there name in my reviews. I visit your restaurant on 4-19-2014 around 7-8pm. I left a tip for her $11.00. Plus my wife's birthday. Thank you for your house warming experience. Thank you Jason WellsFindlay Toyota 702 335 1035
5	Since my last review I've been back a couple times with no complaints. Fast and friendly service and delicious entrees and can't forget the unlimited salad and breadsticks with the meal. 5 stars
5	We ate here on June 8.  It was a little late in the evening - later than we usually have our 3 year old out.  Our sweet little boy had disappeared, and the GRUMPUS had arrived.  Oh crap.  We feared we would have to get the food to go.Then along came Molly, our server.  She took our drink order, and immediately started engaging with our son.  Without our having to ask, she brought him out a complimentary plate of black olives, which he loves to stick on his fingers.  (He gets that from his uncle on his Mom's side - definitely!)  Before long, the Grumpus was banished, and my sweet little boy had returned!As with most Olive Garden restaurants, the food was very good but not outstanding.  But you don't go to the Olive Garden for Gourmet.  In short order, my ravioli, my wife's lasagna, and my boy's mac-n-cheese were demolished, and we were all very happy campers.Molly got a 25% tip.  She earned it.  If you have a grumpy kid, ask for her section.  We also made sure to get her manager to the table and sing her praises.We will be back.
1	After my third visit here at this location, I don't ever want to come back. Went here during lunch on a weekday, busy as usual I'm guessing. Everything went well until a server became sly and "held onto" my money that fell put of my pocket.After we ate I had to pay quickly and brought my money and the check up front. As noticed by a few customers who were just getting seated, they saw a $20 bill drop from my pocket. Another server picked it up, they said, and never bothered to return it to me. As I was looking everywhere for my money, the customers who were watching that server told me that he took it. I told the manager and you know what she said?? "Oh, he was holding onto it for you." He wasn't even my server, but the last time I came here he stole my friend's sunglasses and never returned it back. He didn't even say sorry for taking my money. If you get a server with gauges in his ears and looks young, be careful. He can take anything from you without even telling you!! I'm never coming back here after the service they gave me. What incredible character they have!!!! The food isn't all that great either.
1	My first and my last time eating here the service was bad not to mention the server was hitting on me when I just wanted to have a nice lunch, I needed more soda but the server didn't ask if I needed a refill when my glass was empty, I had to go ind someone to get more and the food was good but could have been made better it taste like a TV dinner to be honest and the manager was super horrible I will not be coming here and I told everyone not to go here cause the service was horrible.
3	I don't know why, but sometimes when I miss my grandparents I want to go to Olive Garden because we used to as a kid. The fiance and I decided to go with the 2 for $20.So soup or salad and breadsticks to start. He got the chicken gnocchi soup which was kinda like chicken and dumplings. It was alright, but wouldn't get that again. Salad is always just as you expect as well as the breadsticks.Each person gets a entree. Spaghetti with Italian Sausage. They give you 4 full sausages so they werent skimpy with that. The sauce was just meh but what bothers me is when you give someone noodles that had some pieces dried out from sitting. Shrimp mezzaluna - this was just alright. I didn't like the pre cooked shrimp but the ravioli was fine. We get a dessert to share and got a black tie chocolate cake which was decent enough, like buying cheesecake from Costco. Generally speaking I feel their staff tends to be friendly, sometimes overly. They hire the "jazz hands" types, but I far rather have someone really zippy than being served by someone who looks so disinterested. Our gal was that Glee club upbeat, but was also on point with taking care of our needs. Best part of the meal? Salad, breadsticks and peach ice tea. I think maybe I should really just come for that if I'm feeling a bit nostalgic. Olive Garden isn't horrible unedible food, but it isn't by any stretch great. I feel like it was definitely better years ago, and better at locations that's been operating for a long time like the one my gramps went to.  I noticed the prices without the meal deal and they are higher now. $15 for pasta gets you handmade pasta, handmade sauce at a local place vs something a bit more generic. It's the age old question of what you value in food- quality or quantity? You'll have plenty of left overs here. Stick to the special 2fers, bottomless pasta, lunch time specials to at least get it at a price closer to what it's worth.
3	Your usual Olive Garden Italian dinner, but good decent service. Had the chicken scampi. It promised a creamy garlic sauce. It was good, but when I think garlic I think GARLIC. I have been spoiled by eating at smaller Italian places that don't hold back on the garlic I guess. Like I said though, it was good. This would be a good safe place to bring your family and friends. Just don't plan on being impressed by the food.
2	Ambiance: 2 - Now a ton of the families/middle school/high school crowd eat here. It's crazy noisy and a huge racket. It's ideal to sit in the 21+ section! Service: 1 - Girls at the front can be just not attentive. They don't even pay attention to who comes in and even skip over people in line. Sometimes your buzzer doesn't even go off when it's supposed to, and they alternate between using buzzers and calling names at the same time. It gets confusing and infuriating. Just pick one way to let people in. As for table server, it really depends on the person that you receive because I've had really bad service from older servers and good service from a younger, Asian guy which I can't remember his name! He was really great and even gave my friend a different thing to try when she was unsatisfied with her food. Food: 3 - Food comes out hot and good. Cheese Ravioli and white wines are still some of my favorite things to eat and drink, even though it's just average. I would say these dishes at OG are some of my guilty pleasures really!
1	No time management for the servers. Regardless if you're busy or not you should at least communicate the inconvenience to the customers in a timely manner. Not very fond of this location.
4	Great restaurant, staff is very kind. Door was held open as we entered, kind greeting, short wait for a Wednesday night, good service, and great food.
4	Kinda hard to go wrong here. The service is sometimes spotty but the meals are typically good to great. Tonight the fettucine alfredo was a bit bland and lacked flavor. However, the lasagna and the chicken parmigiana were excellent.  We typically like to sit in the bar area if possible.  It seems like we get better service in there.
4	I think this place may be overlooked at times due to it being a chain Italian restaurant. But honestly they do it right each and every time I go, always consistent. The service is fantastic every time, and a manager always touches our table to see how things are going. The salad dressing and breadsticks can't be beat! My personal favorite is the Alfredo sauce; not greasy or thick as mud, just perfect! My only con is that its always busy, like even on a Monday lol. But we have learned to make a reservation
5	I love going here on a Friday or Saturday night. It's busy and wait is usually 30 minutes. So I just go sit at the bar and have a great meal and chat with the bartender. They give you VIP service and really treat you right.  Not big into chain restaurants but this one worth your time.
1	I have to say this was the worst visit I have ever encountered at Olive Garden. Chicken was dry. Potatos were not cooked correctly. Food came late drinks not served correctly.  Come on we ordered tea nothing fancy and serve me flavored tea. I would rather drive to the Cheyenne and Rainbow. Figured this location being newer would have better service and the food prepared terrible.
5	Came in for a double date and had a great time! When we arrived the parking lot looked pretty busy so I was a little nervous about the wait but to my delight when I walked in and told them how many was in my party we were seated right away!! Our waiter (Brant I believe) was very attentive and polite.  I had a few questions which he didn't mind answering at all and helped me pick out a very tasty wine to go with my chicken and shrimp carbonara. Overall we had an amazing time and will definitely be coming back to this location!!!!
4	Waitress and food was great.. however they do need to make sure their kitchen staff is not under staffed.
5	Dad went olive garden and got take out. They forgot his and offered to send him a $10 gift card as an apology. He instead kind of the gift card sent to me,( a college student in Reno). They were so sweet and wrote me a letter with the gift card.Such sweet people and great customer service.
5	The food was very good,fresh and hott.best part was the service.our waiter max was very attentive but not over bearing.he made sure our food was brought out together so our family of six was eating together.kept an eye on our drinks.this was by far the best service I've experienced in some time.once again,this dude Max was on point and I would recommend this location based off of the very great and pleasant experience.
3	I came here today 9/21 with my cousin and her daughter to catch up and have some lunch. Our server's name was Ray. He was very nice but kind of forgetful . My cousin ordered a strawberry passion fruit lemonade , and a shrimp scampi special order (must try!). Her daughter had Mac n cheese with a side of fries , and I had a peach Bellini with seafood Alfredo . I also asked Ray if he could bring us zucchini frittata as an appetizer . He said that was a great choice since it is the last day for it. When our meals got to the table by another server, pretty quickly I might add, there was a few things that were off. My cousins' lemonade was a sprite, she had asked for grilled shrimp and got fried shrimps instead and Ray came up and told me he had forgot to add my appetizer and If I still wanted it. I said no.Overall, it was an okay experience . I really liked that Ray was friendly but I would've liked to really try those fried zucchinis !
5	We were seated immediately. Server was knowledgable and pointed out the menu's newest items. It's hard to pass up the soup and salad...so that is what we ordered. Soup was delicious and salad was fresh and crisp.
5	:) What can I say? It's always yummy food. However, I am reviewing because of the service. Out server Lynwood, provided EXCEPTIONAL service. I was impressed by his professionalism and how attentive he was. Olive Garden, you owe this 5-star review to the amazing customer service of this particular server.
4	Our First experience with utilizing the "Carside To Go" service. Initial telephone call was great, the young lady on the phone was clear and I didn't feel like I was having to yell into the phone to be heard. They must be using some background noise canceling headset or something, okay now onto the pick up and food quality.The pick-up took much longer than expected I waited 8 minutes just to have someone walk out and greet me. If this portion was faster 5 stars would have been given.The food was hot as to be expected and they provided plenty of utensils for us to enjoy our meal with.Overall a good experience, I would recommend you trying this if your not wanting to venture inside on a particular evening.
4	While the food was adequate what made this such a great experience was our server. Our server was Sunday and she did an absolutely amazing job and was one of the best servers we've ever had at any restaurant. Thank you for the service.
5	We had the smoked mozzarella chicken with ziti, it was delicious, chicken parmigiana was great and seafood Alfredo was great as well.  The service was good and we were seated fairly quick, even though it was a little full. Our server Ray was great, quick and very attentive, as well as fast. Will definitely return.
5	A nice restaurant. Waitress was great. Food was good. A mistake was made on my mom's order but was fixed right away. A very pleasant experience.
4	Upon arrival we were a bit confused as to who was our server. It went back and forth between two servers. After that everything went well. Food and service was excellent.
4	Just went in yesterday and had a great experience. Went with my friend and were seated as soon as we walked in. Jeremiah was our waiter and he was very helpful and attentive. I ordered the chicken fettucini Alfredo and it showed up in a timely manner. My chicken had a lot of fat on it so I didn't enjoy it completely but after some picking at it it was good. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was a little lacking in flavor but after some salt and pepper was good. The breadsticks as usually were good.  I forgot to ask him to split the check until he came with it but he quickly took it back and split it without warrant and had my to go soup ready when I left. All in all good experience and friendly nice attentive staff.
3	This spot was selected  for our belated Christmas get together with the kiddos and family this past Friday. It's a solid place for a family get together and they make sure the kids get their crayons and coloring books to stay entertained while the food is being prepared.  A busy Friday night for a table of four  plus two kids equated to a 35 min wait. They only take reservations 2 hours ahead of your planned arrival (read: call ahead of time and not last minute like I did).Our table ordered a variety that includes their smoked mozzarella fonduta appetizer (melted smoky blend of a variety of cheese served with slices of Tuscan bread- yum), seafood fettuccine alfredo (w/ shrimp and scallops), the kids got spaghetti and meatballs with extra marinara to dip breadsticks, and I ordered their  unlimited Zuppa Toscana (bits of spicy sausage w/ kale and chunks of  potatoes in a creamy broth) and breadsticks (so worth it) along with peach iced tea (sweetened). The food was good and no one at the table was disappointed. Our meals were solid carb-loaded comfort food and it was exactly what I expected-- A-OK.TIP: EAT IN THE BAR (21+).  When my husband and I come here by ourselves we easily scoot in and are seated in the bar and eating in less than ten/fifteen minutes (even in the middle of the Friday/Saturday night dinner rush). It's speedy and the right choice if you're starvin' Marvin.
4	I had the chicken scampi which was excellent . My mom ordered chicken Toscana that she loved.  Great service.
