4	My husband and I came craving pub food and left more than satisfied. We sat outside (in February--I love the South!) and there were heaters to keep us warm and TVs to keep us entertained. Our waiter was superb!  We could tell he was really trying to take care of all of his customers.  The french fries were awesome--the size of McDonald's, but actually good. I had a junior Hickory burger, which was large and delicious!  My husband had a Buffalo chicken sandwich, which he said was good, but he is going to get a burger next time.  The fries heated up well in the oven the next day too.  Everything was reasonably priced, and the draft beer selection was more than adequate.  We left happy and ready to return soon!
3	I'd say this is about average for a pub.  With food that's good but not five star, and makes for a good place to hang out.  It's very relaxed and homey feeling, which I really enjoyed.  The burgers are very tasty and pretty good sized as well.  Since I've only been here during lunch time, I haven't tried the drink menu.  I'll have to go back some night and check it out.The waitstaff is also a main attraction.  They are always looking out for their customers, and they are a riot if you're the type to joke around.  My favorite part of this place though, is the patio.  It's habitable even in the insane heat.  They keep fans with water misters going to keep the patio nice and cool.
4	I love Selwyn, but as I sit here thinking about it, I have no real good or specific reasons why.It is a small place inside, nothing special. The outside patio/courtyard area is nice, but there are many similar places around town.The crowd is like a fraternity/sorority reunion, with plenty of polo shirts and khakis filling out the seats.For some reason though, ever since my friends and I started hanging out in south Charlotte more, Selwyn has always been one of, if not the first, option for the evening, especially on a weekday night.It's simply a comfortable, casual place to grab a beer and sit on the patio. It's in the middle of a residential area, so it feels like a neighborhood pub.I have always found parking to be somewhat of an issue however. The lot behind the place is small and hard to turn around in.Overall though, Selwyn is an unassuming little beer joint for me, as I have never tasted the food.
4	Although I find this place to be a little forgettable, it's partly because I've never had a bad experience there. A few friends of mine lived in the neighborhood for a while, so we would go there to start or finish our nights out, and sometimes we stuck around for the whole night.  The crowd is a little older than some of the places more in the heart of town, which works well for me, as I'm turning into a grumpy granny when it comes to kids in bars. I have to agree with Brett M. It's a great bar. I don't know why. It just IS.
4	Though I'd constantly heard people talk about Selwyn Pub, I'd never been before the other night. And I'm not sure why I hadn't ventured over there. It's great. Though it was a little cold, Selwyn's main space is outdoors. They have a ton of heat-lamps and space heaters, so I guess the cold won't always be a problem, but it was definitely a little nippy as it got late. The inside of the bar is super small and super crowded, so this is definitely place to hit up when it's warmer out. Lots of people were watching the SEC football games and baseball playoffs. Everyone else was just really wasted. Fair enough. A wedding party seemed to crash the place as the night got late, and that was actually really enjoyable. Super friendly staff, which you don't often find at a rowdier, packed bar like this. So that was nice. Drinks were pretty standard. They serve food late, which was a nice touch obviously. I'll be back. A lot.
4	Being from the Myers Park area, many a good memory has been had at the Selwyn Pub.This is a great place to go if you are looking to grab a few drinks after work or after a Panther game.  The drinks are reasonably priced and the service is excellent.  The smoke can become a bit of a problem due to it being a smaller bar, but that might just be nitpicking on my part.One of the best things about Selwyn is that it attracts people of all ages from the surrounding area from the old money Myers Park residents who have been living in the area for years to the young professional crowd. There always seems to be that person at the bar regaling the rest of the bar with stories from the neighborhood past that everyone can relate to in some way or another.I would recommend this bar to anyone who is looking to have a chill evening, drink good beers, converse with good people. In my opinion, it is the perfect alternative to going downtown.P.S. Watch out for the older gentleman who comes in after Panther home games and acts as if he has an ownership stake in the place.  His stories border on outrageous and he constantly asks where "Coach" is.  I'm not sure if this is a reference to Cheers or not, but it is definitely a little strange.  He is harmless though and adds to the experience in a positive way.
4	Great outdoor seating.  The interior was definitely someone's residence at some point.  Plenty of TVs for games.  The heat lamps outside and bar outside was key.  Beer selection was average, and we didn't have any of the food.  Overall an excellent time at the selwyn pub
4	Great little happy hour spot with a fair amount of outdoor seating.  I haven't eaten here so I can't tell you if the food is good, but the sights and sounds are worth checking out.Be warned parking is a pain.
4	Looking for a patio to watch your favorite team on tv? Selwyn Pub has a fantastic patio! It's spacious with lots of table and chair space and lots of tvs...the problem you may have is securing a spot. The inside is typical. When the weather is great, everyone is out! The service is good and they offer some good happy hour specials. The food looked good, but didn't try any. They don't have any "girl beer" (e.g., Smirnoff ice), but lots of regular light and dark beers and wines.Parking can be tricky, but it's not a problem to park across the street or down a block and walk over.
4	This place is a solid four.  The outdoor space is unbeatable.  They have mister-fans, tons of TVs, and cushy outdoor furniture.  The food is pretty standard bar food, but well made.  I had a veg pizza.  Drinks were slightly pricey, but the place seems relatively upscale and caters to it's Myers Park environs.
4	My first pub experience in Charlotte! It was a Friday night, and the place was definitely popping. Parking was very limited to how many people were occupying the place. Also, do NOT park in the back of the shopping mall next to the pub with the intention of walking over. If you're lucky, they'll stop you right there and tell you to move your car, but I saw a lot of unlucky cars with boots on 'em. We ended up parking a ways away down a street.The bouncer was very nice, and all the staff were polite and prompt. Miller and Bud buckets were moderately priced, and the fried pickle chips, onion rings and fries were also very good. No complaints on the food or beer front. Comfortable seeing to watch the game, as well. The waitstaff came around with delicious beer samples, as well. All in all, a very relaxing and awesome night. Also, great outdoor atmosphere.
5	So...another one of my "been in Charlotte 3 years and I just tried this place?!" moments (ie Penguin). Was out with a buddy last week and after some good beer tasting at Dockworkers, we were in the mood for pizza. Decided to head in the direction of the new Mellow Mushroom on Selwyn, but unfortunately (fortunately tuned) it was not open yet. Decided to go across the street to Selwyn Pub as we'd never been. OMG...place is awesome. Was busy for a Tuesday and the patio area is twice the size of the pub itself. Huge TVs, couches, fire pits, high tops, low tops, fireplaces, separate bar. Selwyn could be my new favorite pub in Charlotte, but I'll let a few more visits in the coming weeks decide that. Found ourselves a fire pit near the TV. Baseball game was on and checked out the menu. To my surprise and delight all the pizza was $12.99. That's right, za for $12.99. And that's their specialty pizza prices. You want A 10" (I think that's the right side, then it's $7.99). You want an 18" cheese pizza with all the toppings...yep...$12.99. Witnessed a few handfuls of customers picking up the pizza to-go, which means like usual I'm the last one to the party. I'll be back soon, especially with the nice fall weather in store!
4	I've been here once before and it was during the summertime which is ideal since their outdoor space is great.I like that it is a little "off the beaten path" but a lot of things on Selwyn have definitely changed in the past couple of years with construction and new businesses moving in.Parking can be an issue if the place is packed, but they still make it work and it is parking is definitely worth the headache to get to this pub.Unfortunately for me I got a whole beer poured on me by the waitress and I had my menu positioned perfectly on the table to funnel all the liquid goodness into my lap.  It was rather embarrassing since there was a bit of a crowd there that day, but it was the summer and I didn't really mind too much.  The waitress was super embarrassed and paid for my beer.  It's a fond memory that my friends don't let me forget about every time we think about going to Selwyn Pub.
3	I have to agree, the outdoor patio is pretty spacious and sensational.  We came to see a singer-songwriter perform though, and could barely hear him over the crowd's conversations.  I'm not sure why they have live music here, he should be playing a place like The Evening Muse.  But the staff was very friendly and accommodating given the amount of people there.  We didn't wait long for any service or food.  I do have to say the fried pickles were extremely salty.  I'd go back again to chill on the patio and socialize, but not to hear live music.
5	Why have I waited so long to check this place out?  I had such an awesome time here this weekend.  The crowd is diverse which I liked and thank you so much for all the heaters and letting me enjoy the patio.  The patio is what really sells this place two fireplace lots of TVs and good drinks. The bartenders were very attentive even though the place was packed.  I can't wait to go back and grab some grub.  I think this is my new hangout.
5	Do you like things that are awesome? Do you like chicken nachos? Do you like having the opportunity to see Michael Jordan in real life!? Then go to Selwyn Pub. The service is always good, the fried pickles are always crispy and salty and while the beer list could be a bit better, you can always find something you like. The owner is also very serious about making sure the kegs are always fresh; no nasty tap line beer here! Now, let me get down to business on these chicken nachos. I think of myself as somewhat of a Charlotte area chicken nacho connoisseur, and while many have disagreed with me, Selwyn Pub has the best chicken nachos in Charlotte. It might be the atmosphere, it might be the crowd, it might even be the sodium, but they are amazing. Now to the best part! On to this MJ sighting. After spending many-a-happy hour on the couches of Selwyn Pub, I finally had an MJ sighting. In my book, if it's good enough for Michael Jordan, it's good enough for me.
2	Not my thing, but sports pubs never are. Food selection is tiny and very un-vegetable-based. Aging frat boys draped everywhere in cornflower blue biz shirts. Somewhat decent beer selection, and of course, such a concentration of TVs that everyone's face is bathed in zombie-blue light. Had some pretty dismal service both times I stopped in for a pint, so yeah, I think I'll leave this place to other, more interested parties.
4	I dont know if I can closer to five stars than this place.. The only reason I didnt give it the big high five was because I didnt try out the food, but I heard it was really good.  We went to drink and enjoy the weather.  The outside patio area is the best!!  So many chairs, so many TVs, so many fire pits.. This place is awesome.. I kid you not, my wife turned to me after being there for twenty minutes and said, "I wouldnt mind dying here."  LOL.  Beer plentiful.. They have bottles.. They have drafts.. They do not have specials and we could care less.  You have to give it a try.. We will be bringing our visiting friends here next time they come to town... Do it..  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Probably my favorite "non uptown" place to hang if the weather is nice.  Best patio in Charlotte IMO.  Food is well....bar food mostly but still great.  Big fan of the fried pickles :)Patio is full of love seats, high pub tables, couches, etc.  There is also a fireplace (maybe two?) and TV's mounted all around the patio to view effortlessly.  Honestly, the only reason I didn't slide it up to a 5 star review is because of the parking.  Ugh....never enough spots and you may end up having to park a block down, etc.  Not a big deal but an inconvenience none the less.  NOTE: You can sometimes catch a local celebrity here also.  My latest sighting was Bill Deihl (lawyer for George Shin - for those that were here back in the day!) and also voted at one time one of Charlotte's 10 scariest people.  Guy seemed nice to me? Lol!
4	Hello, Frat-tastic, nice to meet you!Some other reviews have mentioned it, but this bar is where all the dudes who wish they were still back in their fraternity house at college hang out.  That being said, it is one of the best spots to hangout in the spring/early summer, thanks to a great outdoor area.  It's like the PlayMobil of patios...seems like they are always adding something (an extra TV, comfy patio furniture, etc.) to their collection to make it more entertaining out there.  The indoor area is lousy though...very small, and the arrangement of tables is ill-advised, but I guess it's the best they could do when given a broom closet to work with.  If it starts to rain and everyone heads for the hills, you better like the person you are standing next to...ya'll are about to get REAL close.The food here is above average for bar fare.  The servers here have always been friendly and attentive, but something seems to happen when an employee gets the opportunity to work behind the bar.  They turn into HUGE dicks for some reason....must be a "rite-of-passage" thing?So, if you can put up with the Fratstars and cranky bartenders, slide the croakies on your Costas, pop the collar on that pastel Lacoste polo, pull up your seersucker pants and have yourself a good time at Selwyn pub!
5	This place rocks! I love their outdoor area. The fireplaces make a romantic warm addition (except if your with your brother... which I was). There are several outdoor TV's and couches for comfortable relaxed dining. The day we were there, the new Panthers coach was there too. COOL! We drank some beer and ate wings... Buffalo style HOT HOT HOT! The food was good and the service was good. I really like this place.
5	I love this place!  We came on a random whim recently and sat on one of the comfy couches on the patio.  It was surface of the sun hot and the fans they had with mist blowing cooled you off just enough.My husband had read somewhere that the pizza was good so we opted for that, I got a cider and he got a beer on special.  Both were relatively decently priced.The pizza was the best I've had in Charlotte so far, we opted for the supreme, I think it was called something else but it had all the toppings of a supreme.  Pepperoni, Sausage, Green Pepper, Onion, etc.  The crust was chewy and crunchy at the same time and the cheese and sauce were awesome.  We went to a movie after and totally chowed a piece or two in the car before heading in to the theater!Try this place out when you get a chance!
2	Super fratty and yuppie, but what can you expect with the location.  If polo shirts tucked into khaki shorts on drunk frat boys is your scene then this is this is the spot for you.  Not my favorite place.  Went to eat here one Sunday for lunch and the place was still filthy from the night before... Just reminds me of a frat house with a kitchen.
5	I think all of the other reviews have pretty much summed up Selwyn Pub.  They have a great outdoor area for the summer and plenty of fans to keep you cool.I usually go here for drinks but I've had their pizza and nachos and both are very good.  The other night I had the privilege or trying the Tuna Medallion wrap and it was hands down AWESOME!  It is packed with tuna cooked just right (pink in the middle) and very flavorful.  For $8.99 with a side it can't be beat and is now my favorite item on the menu.
4	I LOVE Selwyn Pub for a laid-back evening when you want to stay local.  I must admit - I must be getting old cause it is TOO LOUD inside at the bar for me.  The music is old school which i LOVEEEE but it is so loud I can't wait to leave.  Outside is heaven tho - an all evening (or afternoon) cozy spot to chit chat with the locals  Not a super-young crowd, mostly business professionals and college grads.  Plenty of tables and couches and seating - just a super outdoor patio!The bathrooms are TINY - just two stalls ladies and be careful you are not standing behind the door if someone comes in.
4	A great outdoor bar to drink some cold beers with a group of friends.  The outdoor area is very impressive. There are wicker couches and chairs surrounding large tables with fire-pits in the middle.  Nice TV's are placed throughout the outside.  A key factor for this bar is the weather since it is mostly outdoors.  If it is chilly out, the fire-pits help and when it is hot out they have fans with misters, but I really try to only go here when it is very comfortable weather.The food here is your average pub food for the most part.  I like their pizza the best and the burgers and wings are ok.  The service is hit or miss.  The servers seem to be overwhelmed at busy times but I usually get buckets of beers so I do not require much attention.  Overall a great place to hang in Charlotte on a nice day or night.
4	Love this place,  even thou I haven't been there in a while. They have a great patio and pretty good service. Food is what you would expect from a pub, but I don't go there for the food, but the fabulous beverages.
3	Only eaten here one time, the food was fine. The service was fine. We were eating at the late lunch, early dinner time so when we arrived there weren't many people there. Then all of a sudden a group of people just started showing up. i couldn't figure out what they were doing. It looked like they were there to watch a game or something, but they took no real interest in a particular event on tv. Guess they were just there to hang out, which that patio space is perfect for. Maybe i was jealous. Their outdoor area is pretty amazing though. It could definitely be a place to hang out or meet up on a nice day. i think the next time i'm here, i'll have to give the pizza a try (i trust the Todd). Just seems hard to justify with Mellow Mushroom so close...
3	While Selwyn Pub can certainly fill up with a boat load of popped collared, frat boys of yesteryear, it's still a great place to grab a drink or a bite to eat...especially if you're mindful of when you go! The Good: The patio is one of (if not) the best in Charlotte. Fire pits, plenty of TV's, comfy seats and tables a plenty. The pizza is super solid - really, surprisingly, delicious! The service has always been friendly and pretty prompt considering how busy they get. Additionally, the beer list is decent. The Meh: Because of the said popular patio and plethora of games shown, this place can get SO loud, SO fast. When the clock turns to 11 pm or so on the weekend evenings, the bar can get exorbitantly crowded and obnoxious. This is when I feel too old to be in such bar. Also be aware that some of the booths inside have absolutely zero padding...that does my arse no service when I'm sitting there for an hour or two. Overall, if you can score a seat on the patio and take in a relaxing drink with a few buds, Selwyn Pub is a fine place to do so.
1	Our waitress would disappear randomly from time to time. Ordered the fried pickles and they were so salty no one in my group could eat them. Told the waitress about it and her response was "Yeah, we get that complaint all the time". She took it off our bill, but the food being so horrible and the bad waitressing our experience was pretty bad.  Not to mention the quesadilla's were not edible. Pizza was mediocre at best. If you go there, go for the beer only!
3	I really liked the setting and feel of Selwyn.  Think of an old grungy Irish bar with an awesome Patio.  During football this place gets packed and the people that come here are usually a fun group. As a bar this place is great to catch a beer, you don't have to dress up, and the patio is perfect.   It goes downhill though.We first got our wings ( frozen) that were actually cooked very well.  There are a bunch of sauces to choose from so they were suprisingly very good.  I had the pizza and my friend had a sandwich.  He hated his sandwich, which is suprising because he will eat anything.  My pizza was just ok.  The service took forever and our appetizer and food came out at the same time ( a huge pet peeve of mine).  The only reason I would come back is for drinking beer outside on the patio.
4	Some folks I work with decided to grab a couple of brews together after work to celebrate my "official transition" to being full-time. We picked Selwyn Pub. This place was awesome. We showed up post 5 o'clock on a Friday. The place was hopping! We managed to snag the patio room on the far left side of the building; the area had a couple couches, two tvs, a coffee table and a comfortable level of seclusion from the shoulder-to-shoulder crowd around front. We ordered all kinds of food to share; chips and salsa, fried pickles, fajitas, hummos, and I ordered the chicken wings (go for the spicy honey coated ones....oh my oh my!). The food was surprisingly delish for "Bar food". The beer selection was not up to my standards, but when you frequent Brixx and Duckworths as much as I do, you undoubtedly produce a snobbish palate concerning your hops. Still, I was able to order Sweetwater 420 and therefore will reduce my complaining. If you enjoy being outdoors while you wind down, this pub has THE outside setup. During the cold months, they boost overhanging heaters, and have a fireplace as well. There is ample seating, even more standing area. The service was great too. waitress had close to 7 separate checks going on with our group, but wasn't short-tempered or snippy about anything. She seemed very laid-back and friendly.All in all, it was a very good experience. My intentions are to return again soon!
5	Haven't been here in a while but the place has changed so much! Soooo busy. The outside patio area has been upgraded lol. Will come back soon!
4	Cool patio.  This bar has been around for a long time and is a staple of this part of town.  TVs everywhere.  Service can be a little slow when really busy.  The fire pits are great on cool nights.
2	Pros: good for drinks, and the pizza always looks good.Cons: the 3 times we have come here to grab something to eat - poor service, very slow to get order, and food (other than pizza) - is very so-so. The reason we keep giving it another shot is because we live around the corner and try to keep hope alive. But we just can't do it anymore - so many other places to go to on Montford!
4	What an awesome place to spend football Sundays!  I have quite a few friends in the Charlotte area who rave about Selwyn Avenue Pub.  I was fortunate enough to visit Selwyn last weekend and it lived up to the expectations.  We arrived early on Sunday morning to make sure we got a good table on the amazing patio they have outside.  The service was great and on point.  There are multiple TVs outside to watch all the games and the atmosphere is perfect.  The menu is your typical sports bar menu but the pizza is definitely the highlight of this pub.  I love thin and crispy pizza and Selwyn has some of the best I have ever had.  So tasty, crunchy, and delicious!  I loved the place so much I even bought a T-Shirt in my Panthers colors.  Next time you want to go watch some sports and enjoy some great pizza make Selwyn your choice!
4	This place is definitely one of my favorite places to frequent. I try to come at least once or twice every other month. I'm a huge people watcher and just like the other reviews mentioned, it is full of some fratty dudes. Boat shoes, khakis, light blue button up shirts and shades around the neck is a normal look around here. I can't seem to avoid going to places that are fratty, but it's all good. They're just worried about beers and hanging with their "bros". Our waitress had a bad case of ADD, but she was still a sweetheart and she was fun. Tons of good looking/classy appearing ladies (if that's what you're into). The inside gets pretty crowded fast, so I try to get some seating somewhere in their awesome outside seating area. Tons of TVs to watch sporting events, food is pretty good as well. On Bobcats game nights, pizzas are half price (or at least they used to be). Overall, love the place and will continue to stop on in whenever I can
3	I do find myself still coming here time to time. The patio is beautiful but they still havent invested the money into the inside to update it. It's dark and dirty. The prices are similar to uptown but the service and atmosphere dont even come close to matching. Parking is always difficult. The food is really good for pub food.
4	Nice outdoor seating, great pizza.
4	What's not to like about the Pub? This is our families go to bar when we're all in town for vacation. The recent (within the last few years) additions to the patio make it a great place during the summer. If you're in charlotte, make sure you stop by, and also grab some take-out from Reid's Fine Foods next door.
3	Amazing patio! Just stopped in for a quick drink and some fried pickles... good specials on sunday and pickles were salty crunch good.
5	For a great neighborhood bar Selwyn is really as good as it gets. Fire pits, fire places, lounge type seating, lots of TV's for sporting events, great beer, a really cool big old tree in the middle of the out door area and awesome bar food.  The pizza is worth the trip alone. It does get crowded but that's just because it is a top notch Charlotte must see. Michael Jordan and many other celebs hang there because, well, it's just that good.  When the weather is great for sitting outside there are only a few others that compare.
5	I love coming here.  Plenty of screens to watch the games.  Outside heaters to enjoy the patio just about year round.  There is a good selection of beers and eats on the menu.
2	the food here is good, and i can't complain about that.  but the service leaves something to be desired. there was something "off" about our drinks and the server just looked at us, we ordered water, the drinks stayed on the table the whole meal. they weren't taken off until we asked for the check. a runner brought our food and no one ever stopped back to see if we needed anything or if everything was ok. the place wasn't busy enough to justify the disinterested service. patio area is nice. the music was good. there are too many TV's but i guess you get that with a sports bar. the parking lot is a hot mess, tight to navigate and doesn't really have enough spots.
3	A good pub close to Myers Park Country Club. Packed on the weekends with a lot of fratty people, but still a good vibe.
4	Went here a few months back with some buddies of mine. I like the food here a lot. Heard great things about the pizza so we had some of that and pretzels too. And of course beer.The food was pleasing. The pub itself has a cool vibe. Some tvs and decent service. It's a little more laidback than some other bars around the way. The outdoor area looked awesome. It was a rainy day when we went, so I didn't get a chance to enjoy it, but I definitely want to hang out there. Plus I hear that Michael Jordan goes there sometimes, gotta run into mj!The worst part about this place is the parking. Honestly if parking wAsnt such a hassle here I'd be here more often. But one of these days I'll be back. Cool place.
3	Been wanting to try this place so I finally made it here and I was somewhat disappointed. I had the Selwyn Sliders with fries. The fries were great and plentiful but the sliders were not good. They brag about using the potato bun but it's too soft and squishy and falls apart.  Bacon was thick & you couldn't bite through the rind. Burger was bland. Menu wasn't all that large either. The good news is all the lounge seating outside with plenty of tv's. great place to meet up for drinks-just don't eat what I had.
2	Service is AWEFUL due to management not scheduling enough servers. The ONLY reason I'm giving this 2 stars is for the pizza and servers who had to step up due to our original server's incompetence. There was a female bartender with glasses who was extremely rude. Might come back I when it's not so busy.
4	Solid bar/restaurant. Great outdoor seating and tasty bar food. The service was very attentive, and plenty of TVs to watch whatever you are looking for.
2	My husband and I were headed to Mellow Mushroom when we saw the sign for Selwyn Ave Pub - a big Shamrock, all Green and Irish Specials lured us in believing we were about to eat some Irish food.. We were so dead wrong, there wasn't a single irish related thing on the menu. The server was friendly and greeted us right away, My husband asked for coffee and the server told him "There isn't any brewed, so.. anything else I can get you?" ... So they HAVE coffee..but he didn't feel like making it? COOL. We should have left right then and there.. I guess the server kind of realized his error, and then tried to back pedal and excuse that the coffee takes " a while " to brew. My husband and I have been in the service industry before and I recognize laziness when I see it. If you don't have coffee brewed, you alert the customer of how much time it will take to brew - then let them decide if they still want it. ( The food " takes a while " to cook also.. WE STILL WANT TO EAT, THOUGH! )  But instead of making things complicated - My husband told him he would just take sweet tea instead and we just moved forward with trying to find out which meals we wanted. When we inquired about why there was no Irish food; the server told us it was because "The regular customers would get sick of eating Irish food" .... WHAAAAT? an Irish pub that doesn't serve anything Irish? This business is decorated in and advertising IRISH everything.. and it has a hanging sign that says IRISH SPECIALS. We were informed the irish specials are only during St. Patricks day.. So I guess that hanging sign is just left over from then = Example of More laziness and 2nd opportunity we should have just left.. but No.. we were running out of time, and we were hungry.. so we each ordered food the server recommended and it came out quick and hot. Thats cause it was all frozen and deep fried. Yaaay.. ( -_- ) I'm sure Selwyn Avenue Pub is a decent BAR... but don't go there hoping for anything special to EAT. Their outside seating looks inviting and the service was fast, just a little uneducated about their menu and less than eager to make you a pot of coffee.
4	Absolutely loved this place. Great patio. Didn't venture inside, was too nice outside. Service was a little slow, but still solid. Considering how many were outside I wasn't surprised. Plenty of tv's outside, plus the outdoor bar was great. Food is typical bar food in title, but excellent in taste. I had chili cheese fries and the Cajun blackened Wings. Both excellent. If service had been a bit better I'd give 5 stars. But still a great place and I'll be headed back soon to enjoy another beautiful summer day.
4	Great outdoor space, tons of big screens, friendly laid back staff. Fried pickles the best I've ever had! Great for watching sports. We'll be back for sure!
2	Selwyn Pub, How I want to love you.  If only your servers felt the same way. 70% of the times we have dined here, we receive basic service. The other 30%...none whatsoever. Tonight, we left after 15 minutes of sitting alone and watching 5 servers breeze by.  So hungry....so alone....
4	Very small indoor area, but great outdoor seating type of a restaurant! Thus, weather dependent. Tons of TVs to watch any sporting event. The food is delicious and service is quick!The pizza is AMAZING!! Seriously, the best pizza I've had in a long time!!Best Tip about this place - there is a huge private booth at the back.
4	I've been to Selwyn Pub about four times (to celebrate the end of exams usually). As a graduate student, this place is so convenient since it's minutes from Queens U. The outside seating area is really nice, especially when the weather is sunny. The food options are typical for a bar although I wish they had a few more vegetarian options, but there's a veggie pizza and a cheese quesadilla, both of which are fairly good. The staff, I have to say, are on their game; glasses are rarely empty, they have a great demeanor, friendly, fun. Just what you'd expect. I went earlier this evening as a matter of fact (May 25) and had this new guy. Can't remember his name, but he was three days on the job and did fantastic. I even had him suggest a drink for me, which he called a Colorado something. It was great!
3	My major complaint of SP are the beers on tap. It's hard to compete with Mellow Mushroom's beer selection across the street but at least have our local breweries (other than OMB) available. I'm guessing the owners favorite beer is Goose Isoand since that's been on tap for years now. Switch it up guys and keep us surprised! Food is meh. Great neighborhood hang out though and everyone should give it a try. I have a friend that swears by their blackened chicken wings. I usually go for the sliders. And, avoid the fish tacos.
3	I know this is a very popular local dive, but to me it's just an OK or "Meh" bar. Lots of younger "kids" in their 20's and 30's, which leaves me as the "grandpa" in the crowd! Food is decent, drinks are average, not a great beer list. So to me this is simply an average but popular local dive bar.
4	Love the atmosphere here and the fire pits. The food is decent too.
