4	I came here looking for bachelorette party supplies. They have a decent-sized aisle dedicated to it, next to the wedding supplies. Their selection is more x-rated than Party City because their selection actually contains items with male parts on them. On the contrary, a bachelorette party kit at Party City was $20 and the same product at Party USA was $30. That is only one comparison. I thought Party USA had funner stuff than Party City though.The store is large! They have A LOT of stuff --- costumes (around Halloween, but don't know if it's year-round), chafing fuel, party favors, etc. Customer service was friendly and happy when I entered.
3	The prices were not too bad, they had a pretty big selection and the store was huge! They carry costumes year round, I'm guessing because it's March and they were fully stocked. They carry different brands and items then party city and it had a huge selection of party serving ware and plates ect. I would shop there again because of the other options they had.
4	I came here for a costume for one of the Yelp events and I was a little dissapointed that they didn't have as many costumes available as I thought they would. But i did find a costume that fit me perfectly in the sales section. Just my luck! I was willing to spend more than I actually did, but the ones I wanted either didn't come in my size, out of stock, or it was "supposedly" my size (small) but really didn't fit... as if it was a size bigger(medium). I figured I'd take one last look in the sales section to see if maybe i could find magically find something that would fit, and Ta-Da! one popped up :) $15 for a sailor costume... not too shabby at all! And even better... there is a 10% off military discount! They do seem to have alot of party supplies though, so if and when I ever throw a party, I'm sure I'll be stopping by here for stuff!
4	The selection is pretty good. I came here for last minute stuff for my sons 3rd birthday party. I found pirate stuff all on clearance. It was perfect. I initially went here for spiderman stuff, but the selection was a little limited. I walked out a happy camper.
1	I returned several items and never received the credit.  I've called the manager several times to resolve the issue and he has not handled it at all - he wants me to bring in my credit card statements to prove I didn't receive the credit.  I will never shop again due to this policy!
5	Ditch your boring party store you always go to because this one is the king.This store has everything you could possibly imagine. Pick a theme, they have it. Pick a character, they have it, Pick a color, they have it. This store is huge and is completely filled with costumes, decorations, table wear, and goodie bag items. They have a lot of helium balloons to choose from too. What sold me was they have a large selection of licensed children characters. They have Disney, Dreamworks, Nickelodeon, and every big kids movie that is out there available for a birthday party. Also their pinatas are ridiculous. See my profile pic? Yeah, that's right, it's a 4 foot pirate pinata for $20. Jealous? If they are out you can order one and they will make it super fast.This store is humongo and they also just opened a USPS in the back of the store. Can we say no lines? This store is in the VONS and Cheesecake Factory lot.I always went to Party City planning on buying decorations and always left empty handed and upset because their store is so boring. This store has actual themes and characters and dressing rooms for the costumes. (well they had those at Halloween, not sure if it's year round).
1	DO NOT mail anything here!!! The Post Office recently opened in this store. On 9/4/12, I filled out my greeting card for my daughter's 13th bday & included $100 cash. I did this on their counter while the associate was on the phone. I had a bad feeling about the whole thing. I   gave it to the associate to process a stamp once she was done being on the phone. My mail was being sent to Fremont, CA. My daughter never received it after a week. My daughter has been robbed!! I talked to a floor supervisor named Makayla & she was to check the cameras. She never called me back. I called again wanting to talk to the Manager, Greg. He never returned my phone call. My issue here is that the associate who helped me may have tampered w/ my mail knowing that she saw me put cash inside & is a Federal offense. Neither of the supervisor or Manager did not do anything. I mailed something else 2 days later, but it just looked like a regular letter & it was received by the recipient. I filed a complaint w/ USPS Inspector and the Better Business Bureau that this store is not capable of having a US Post Office. The associate is not a USPS, but an associate for Party USA.
1	I've been in this store twice before yesterday and both times I encountered rude employees. Not just indifferent, but out and out rude. Yesterday I saw that they now have US Postal services so I went in to mail a package. I don't know if the employee working postal services is a Party USA employee or a postal employee, but she was as rude as the other employees I've encountered. She all but threw my receipt at me and couldn't be bothered servicing customers. I'm very nervous about the package I sent getting to its destination. I don't trust that girl as far as I could throw her. I'm following this up with a letter to the USPS, too. Never again for any reason (unless my package gets 'lost' )will I step foot into this store. I would call the manager to complain, but given all I've ever received is rude service, I have to believe its coming from management.
1	Absolutely atrocious. Disorganized, junky, a million degrees inside, low quality items, and as if that's not bad enough, the customer service and the prices are a complete joke. Not one but TWO employees told me they had no idea what I was looking for and brushed me off to someone else, and when I finally did find what I was looking for (some cheap novelty headbands) they were jammed in the back of a seasonal section, bent and tattered already - but I thought, whatever, they're two dollars, I'll live. When I got to the front, they told me the price was THREE TIMES THAT. I asked if it the price was raised on them due to it being seasonal, and the manager, without a shred of shame, looked at me and said YES. I went across the shopping center to Target and found the EXACT SAME ITEM for ONE DOLLAR. Read that: ONE DOLLAR, half the price of the ORIGINAL, pre-seasonal markup price at Party City. Save yourself the headache of dealing with these criminal jerks and just go somewhere else. There's a dollar store a few blocks away that has all the same overpriced balloons, too. Never coming back!
2	Store always has that pretty messy look to it. But hey, there is a post office in the back
1	Stopped in to check out Party USA because my kids love Party City.   As I was walking in I noticed a bouquet of balloons for $99 dollars!   Uh-mm, I don't think so!    Sorry PARTY USA, I will never step foot in your stores again.  This place is so shady it doesn't even have a website.
1	horrible customer service I was in a hurry and just popped in here real quick and asked the girl if they had a particular outfit she says "I don't know youll have to go look on the wall" ....ummmm that's what I was trying to avoid stupid! Of course after searching the wall for ten minutes they didn't have it and actually they didn't have much of anything! maybe that's why it was so dead but now I know so on to PARTY CITY!
4	This place is pretty awesome. They have almost everything you need. Adult costumes aling with childrens. Party favors of every theme.  Birthday items, and lots of decorations for almost anything. They also carry lots of candy.I also love the fact there is a mini post office drop off area in the back.
1	"Go look at the wall" what kind of customer service is that? We came in here and asked about a certain costume and that was the answer we got...
2	With a name like PARTY USA, they should carry all sorts of shit right?!?!.....NOT!! Came in looking for a certain theme (Doc McStuffins) and they had a tiny section only for what I wanted. There's a variety of theme ideas you can buy online but why not carry it in-store too?? I can find balloons online too but not in-store, wtf?? All I'm saying is that a party supply store should have just that, party supplies and have a WIDE VARIETY!!
1	Where's the zero star button? This place is rude, has horrible customer service and their products are crap. Bottom line - don't come here unless you enjoy being ripped off.I bought all of my little girl's birthday party stuff here; goodie bags, favors, balloons, decorations, etc. I had to order the balloons over the phone and they charged me before I even picked them up. (As in paid for before I even had a chance to check them out). I pick them up, they seem ok, I didn't wait around to see if there was anything wrong with them? Well, I live less than five minutes away and by the time I had gotten home, they were already deflating. Not POPPED, mind you, just deflating. So I called and the rep said I should be able to bring them in the next day and get them replaced, no problem. She was going to let her manager know. Next thing I know, her manager gets on the phone and is like, "No, I'm not gonna replace them. I'm not responsible for them and my company is not gonna lose money on this so it's your problem." REALLY???That's the kind of customer service your managers offer? It IS your problem if you sell me balloons that are leaking. By the next morning, the whole bouquet of balloons were moping around on the floor because they had ALL LEAKED. WTH! Didn't even last 10 hours and the party was today?! I ended up having to get my bank involved because this company is so shady and wouldn't work with me to resolve their defective items.TL;DR - Go somewhere else. This place is shady and rude. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AT PARTY USA!
1	Disorganized. Ripoffs. Rude, airhead employees that don't clean and freely talk on there cell phones whilst you asking them a simple question. Id rather rub sand in my eyes. Disgusted.
5	Good value, awesome Kayla helped, highly recommended, good deals, lots of stuff to choose from
2	I had great customer service by Heaven...unfortunately the asst manager renada not so much. There were items with the wrong price and she didn't wanna match them so instead of the price they were listed she just gave back my money, didn't even ask if I waned something else or anything. Not so helpful like it was my fault...
2	This place has gone down hill! They never have a good selection anymore and the place is always a mess. This last time the shelves were so bare! The person at checkout was very helpful with my balloon selection. If it wasn't for her I would be giving a 1 star review. I will drive further next time and go to a different store.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would! Horrible employees, horrible customer service, and horrible management. Back in may I had purchased balloons for my graduation party. After we picked them up and took them out of the plastic bag we realized they were table height when we asked for floor length. By the time the party started some of the balloons had deleted and we paid extra for high float. Later we called the store and explained our situation and were told we would get a credit! I went in to pick up my credit and was told by management that there was a list of credits in the back and not to worry. Today I went to use that credit and no one  knew anything about it. Later I got on the phone with Kevin the rude manager who assured me that my situation wouldn't have happened and that there is no list so he basically insinuated that I was lying. I failed to mention that the day I went to order my balloons the lady behind the counter was less than helpful and made faces when we asked different styles of center balloons. Clearly she hates her job and life. Not one smile the whole time she helped us. This store is a waste of time and so are the people stay away!!!!
1	Ordered 6 over priced latex plain balloons, waited 20 min and no one even began to fill my balloons knowing that I was waiting , ended up getting a refund due to the wait . Refund took so long and no one ever even apologized for the wait or anything . Awful customer service !!
1	I witnessed the manager yelling at the employees and threatening them with mandatory overtime or else they can leave...who does that? very unprofessional.I left the store and bought the same outfit on Amazon. I will never come back
1	ZERO stars here. Halloween costumes over priced and extremely cheap. And they will not do exchanges even if it's a manufactures defect. Don't waste your time or money here. BAD business.
1	Had the worst experience ever. Made 2 visits here. On the first visit, I was rudely told by an employee that I wasn't able to purchase an item that was not yet in the system when they were still putting it on the shelves. Seriously? Why would you even put it out for customers to see if it's not readily available for purchase yet? I guess they didn't want to make any money that day. At checkout, I waited almost 15 minutes in line which I clearly didn't get because there was 4 employees behind the counter and only 1 person handling the registers. Some of the employees was just standing behind the counter literally doing nothing but walking back and forth. Even the other customers in line were getting irritated. After finally getting to the registers, I asked to get a pinata down, which then took another 20 minutes of waiting because after being told to wait for someone in the isle, no one ever came so as I went back to the register to make sure they were sending someone to help me, I heard the girl at the register ask the guy if he got the page to help me and he replied back saying" no I was outside on my break." seriously?!Second visit I was picking up some balloons and after literally walking out of the door, the balloons had popped because yes unfortunately it was a windy day but after going back in to ask if they would re-do the balloons that I payed $37 for, they said they could do it for an additional charge! You got to be kidding me! Finally after arguing with the manager, she told me that they would do it free of charge as a courtesy. THEN once the guy started working on my balloon order he said that he didn't know how to do the balloon arch like I previously had it so he asked if he could just do a bouquet instead ( mind you it was an additional $5.99 to make it into an arch). At that point I was so livid and waited way to long to get everything situated that I just told him to do whatever because I was already late to my son's party. I  normally don't write reviews but I just had to voice my experience on this one for I have never experienced customer service like this before.
1	I worked here for a day ONE day and never returned the management is awful. They had me come in as a key holder but told me to pretend to be a cashier problem one. Everything was just so disorganized and disfunctional that I couldn't stand it 9 hour work day with no break. Oh and the one pregnant cashier who asked for a break was told no but the GM went out on his and told her he had to run her registar so why did she need one. Mind you there was a long line and I needed help for my first day. Worst business I have ever been too.
