4	The Dog House is difficult to classify.  It's not exactly a bar, though there is a bar there.  It's not quite a restaurant, though at times you can find food there.  It isn't even open what anyone would call regular hours - Generally speaking they are there during Panthers home games - before, during and after the games.  This year especially, that's useful because the team is so bad.  At least you can get good and liquored up to drown your sorrows.  Make sure you have a designated driver.As to the place, it's... interesting.  There are two downsides (and one of them is not the Panthers - that isn't their fault).The first is that they aren't in the best part of town.  While the other side of the 277 loop has seen some nice development, as has some of South Boulevard, but this area hasn't quite made the cut.  The Coffee Cup is long gone, and even when it was there, this isn't what George and Weezie would envision when they were movin' on up.I don't think this is where they came from before they moved up.  Even Jed Clampett may have turned his nose up at this area, and that is before he had a concrete swimming hole!The second problem is one of parking.  There isn't much.  They have a small parking section, but it can fill up quickly, and if there is a special event that area will be cordoned off to the suppliers, so you have to go on a hunt.  Luckily they other industrial buildings in the area are usually unoccupied on the weekends, so you can generally park there.  They just aren't very nice places.  Other than that, you may need to walk a few blocks.Once there, you will find the aforementioned bar, some nice flat screens, a small deck area, a stage and even a miniature football field.  On a really hot day they could use some more shade, but when it's a crisp fall day, the place is really tough to beat.Now why is it called the Dog House?  I have absolutely no idea.  Maybe it's for the team, because quite frankly they stink, and they should be sent to the proverbial dog house.  But if you get a chance to go, you should really check it out.
4	Small warehouse near the stadium that serves a full bar and has TV's...yep, I'm a fan. There's always a lot going on here for pre-game, whether it's a last stop before going into the stadium or if this is your starting pre-game place. Tables scattered around outside near the little football field and you'll have a few vendors serving energy drinks, beer and BBQ. They also have the radio show of AM610 sports radio and you can hear Chris McClain's annoying voice, though the laughter is a little more tame than the morning show...ha!
4	I concur with both gentlemen who already reviewed this place...it's a challenge to classify on all counts. Part bar, part radio station, part tailgate, part cluster-eff. The good thing is that it's a really convenient and unique spot to grab a drink or meet some friends before a Panthers game. You'll see people throwing the football around in the back on the astroturf, some hanging out drinking a few beers and others taking shots at the bar. The crowd definitely varies, and that's a good thing, I think. Prices are slightly inflated for drinks, but there are not even close to the massive markup in the stadium. I believe everything is cash only and there are a few mini ATMs there just waiting to take your $4 of "convenience charges." Expect parking to be a bit of a bear - my suggestion is to park down on Mint St. or off of another side street (just keep your attention to the signage!) and walk your butt over. Experience the wonder that is tailgating in South End. Here's hoping the Panthers pick it up a bit so the crowd at The Doghouse keeps cheering.
4	Pre-game, watch the game, post game celebration (or depression depending on the outcome)... this is the spot to do it all.The Doghouse is the closest bar to the stadium. So whether you want to do all your tailgating here (since you didn't have time to pack the cooler) or just pop in for a shot on the walk to the stadium (wayyyyyy cheaper than doing a shot at the game), you're just a block away.What can you expect: people. And a lot of them. It's always packed, but you don't have to wait long for drinks. The BMG folks are behind this set-up and have a lot of their veteran bartenders slinging drinks. The bar does take credit cards. The beer tubs and mobile bars are cash only.Cornhole, dj, rockin' tunes, WFNZ radio broadcasts, live music, kids throwing footballs... there's a little bit of everything here. I stop by here before every game and it's always a great time.
5	The fact that this place is only open for home Panthers games and still stays in business is absolutely crazy. I dont know if it is a bar, hangout spot, radio setup but, regardless, everytime I go, I have such an awesome time! They dont let you bring drinks into the gates but they sell beer and liquor on site. $5 a beer and $7 for most of the shots. Not too bad considering they are ripping you off just a few blocks away inside the stadium. They have music playing and vendors on hand giving out free stuff (usually in the form of energy drinks)! Usually there are few food truck like places inside the fence. Inside the bar is usually pretty hot but there is so much space in the back. Also, there are many portapotties on site.If you dont have a tailgate spot and want a great place to hangout before, during, or after the game, check this place out.
