5	Great experience. I needed an oil change and tire check before a last minute road trip. I called ten minutes before closing last night to inquire about a next day appointment. The gentleman I spoke with was more than accommodating, said I could come in anytime. I requested right at 7am when they open. I went in this morning, in and out in about 35 minutes. No upsell nonsense. Nice, clean office and waiting area. Staff was all very friendly and polite. Will definitely be back!
5	I've been going here for years as a coupon oil change customer out of convenience. Over that time, I have gradually used them more and more with great reason. Very professional, great work, willing to explain repairs to those who aren't car savvy (I've overheard them doing this, was very impressed), etc. They've finally done a full conversion on me, one of my vehicles is pretty much totally covered there (alignments, brakes, tires). They are now my shop of choice!
1	Terrible. I called at 11 am and was told my car was ready. I show up at 1 pm and learn my car is not ready... Need another hour.  I had to get a ride twice. Wasting valuable time going to this place.
5	Great, honest, dependable service. I was formerly using my dealer because I liked getting the courtesy car. And I was nervous to go elsewhere.  But, one day it wasn't convenient for me to drive out to I10. I was impressed with the savings compared to dealer. I also appreciated the honesty with "recommended" service versus "required" . Finally, I liked that I could get some errands done at target while the tires and oil were changed. I later used firestone for brakes. It was a substantial savings to dealer. Straightforward and down to earth staff.
1	Came by to get my spark plugs changed, got quoted for $114. Seemed pretty high but I wanted it taken care of so I was fine, but then they insisted that they had to change the wires/boots without even looking at the car, which was an extra $150. Spent 10-15 trying to tell them the wires were fine and I just wanted the plugs changed. It then turned from an optional addition to 'we can't change them without changing the wires'. I went over to auto zone, got the plugs, socket, wires - only $80. My boots looked brand new but I took their word for it and changed them anyway.
