5	Got early 1980's Specialized Allez, was in need of tune up and repair. Needed something where the pedal housing is located, don't know the name of it. But bike was in danger. They kept the bike for a few days, and gave me a loaner at a great price. Very honest about what I should do considering my budget and what I needed from the bike; commuting for a few months, then upgrading. Didn't try to up sell, and helpful.
5	Bike Tek is the bomb. No douche bag bike racer employees who don't really want to help you. The store is clean, organized and they have a great selection. Today I went in to look at bikes for my wife and they were friendly, polite and patient.I have shopped here a few times and have had nothing but positive experiences each trip. If you're looking for a new bike or any bike accessory give them a go. If they don't have it they'll get it. I'm happy to have found a place where I can send my wife and not have her feel inferior because she's not down with the latest gadgets. They are genuinely excited about bicycles and helping their customers which is probably why they've been around for a while and I'm sure will continue to be.
5	I have been going to Biketek for almost 6 years over which time I have bought quite a few bikes (from my daughter's cruiser to mtb to carbon race and triathlon bikes).  I continue to return to Biketek despite living on the other side of town where it is more convenient to go to another shop.  Their friendly, enthusiastic and professional staff offer outstanding service.  I appreciate their honesty and integrity.  They recommend what is right for you, and not necessarily what will bring them the most profit from a sale. (If you have every been to a bike shop and felt like you were buying a used car, you know what I mean).  I cannot offer a higher recommendation for a bike shop.  I will go no where else. Frank and his staff are the best!
5	After months of browsing the city (and this shop) for the perfect bicycle, I purchased one from here for my birthday. The price was much lower than what I was expecting to spend after looking at it online. The staff members always have a good energy about them and are very knowledgeable of the products they offer. There are no high-pressure sales to purchase things that we wouldn't need, which makes this place stand out from other bike shops in the Pittsburgh area. My husband and I have purchased both of our bicycles here and continue to go back whenever we need anything bike related (and sometimes just to say hi when we're in the neighborhood). There's no other bike shop for us.
5	I was referred to Biketek by a friend as this was the 1st time getting into the sport. I knew exactly what bike I wanted to purchase as a beginning rider. They ordered it & gave me the best price around without the BS of talking me up to something I didn't want. In subsequent visits for adjustment & accessories, they have charged me a fair price for services & have been helpful with any questions I've had about riding & the bike itself. There seems to be a lot of store choices in the area so I recommend checking Biketek out first.
5	I have four bikes, none expensive.  I learn something every time I go into Biketek, and don't really go anywhere else.  Frank is a great resource.  I've gone to most bike shops in town and this one is my favorite.
5	I am a complete noob when it comes to biking and was nervous coming in and asking basic questions. Everyone was really nice, understanding, and incredibly helpful.
5	I wandered in to purchase a mirror for my bike as I'm new to Pittsburgh biking and the lack of bike lanes and narrow streets means being able to see behind is really helpful. The owner was extremely helpful in suggesting mirror options, especially since I was thinking of getting a helmet/glasses mirror, which he recommended against. He offered to install, but I had walked over and also thought I could install no problem. I get back and my handlebars required cutting the rubber to install, which was more complicated than just popping off the end cap, so I hopped on my bike and rode over. I hadn't checked the hours (and also didn't know what time it was until I looked at my phone), so I was surprised when the door was locked. They close at 5 on Saturday and I got there at 5:07. Crap. I checked opening time for Sunday and was about to head off when the owner came around. He had left his phone inside and very graciously helped install the side mirror, which ended up requiring new grips because mine were solid in the core after he cut off the end. The owner was super friendly, and went out of his way by staying open to help me out with something that could have waited. I have been to bike shops in other cities and I have to say this owner was the nicest I have met- I highly recommend and will definitely be back!
