3	Cookie on a stick? Genius! Dip Sticks Bakery specializes in pastries on a stick such as cake pops, push pops and cookies on a stick.They opened up a few weeks ago in the Smith's shopping center where Sunset meets Mountain Vista. It occupies the space where Starbucks used to be.As soon as I walked in, the workers were very friendly and smiling. They explained what they have to offer. The cake pops looked cute but they seemed a little on the pricey side at $2.25 each. I got a cream cheese with Oreo and chocolate chips cookie on a stick (try saying that 3 times!) and it was delicious. The price was very reasonable at $1.85 for a large cookie.I like the cookie on a stick idea because it's not so messy.They can also do character cookies on a stick for birthdays and other special occasions. They had some on display like Spiderman and Hello Kitty.The bakery itself is super cute with ample seating to hang out. It would be nice if they offered made-to-order coffee drinks as well as it would go great with the pastries.I wish Dip Sticks luck with their bakery. It is located in a semi-deserted shopping center so I hope it brings new life to this area!
5	So awesome to have a family-owned place nearby. There's a great selection of sweets that made it so tempting that I wanted one of everything. Lamar was super friendly, too. We'll definitely be back soon. Can't wait for the theater to open back up next store so we can sneak these yummy treats in.
5	A friend told me about this place and I'm so glad he did, because they made Hello Kitty cake pops which was the theme of my gf's birthday party. They have a great selection of various recipes and those stuffed oreo cheesecake things are sooo yum.  I also got nana's pudding which was banana, pudding, and wafers...talk about drool worthy. Anyways the cake pops came out great. Definitely reccommend this place for their treats.
4	Went pretty late so there wasn't as much to choose from as I had hoped, but I selected a red velvet cake pop and a chocolate chip snickers cookie. Both were excellent.  The cashier was very friendly as well. I plan to return, but will go earlier in the day for best selection.
5	Duuude this place is so good. Dangerous. The bf and I went to try it about a week ago, he tried the maple bacon cookie and I had an oreo cheesecake one. The bacon maple was good, I have never really eaten bacon in something sweet like that but it was cool, very different. But WOW that oreo cookie? NO JOKE. On a stick no less? Crunchy, chewy, sweet goodness on a stick??At first you bite it and think wow this is a great cookie, but it just gets better the more you chew. This is not a cookie to eat while operating heavy machinery or trying to keep your composure in front of a crowd. This is a sink into your seat and just enjoy life kinda cookie. I was addicted at first bite. So much so that I raced in the other night to get there before close to grab some more for us, and brought my sister in the next day. And the price is right, def not overpriced like so many area bakeries, and well worth the price in flavor.The people who run this place are super nice, and very helpful. I love this shopping center, and this is yet another welcome addition to the array of wonderful home grown businesses near me I will be frequenting. What are you waiting for? Who needs an excuse to go get a cookie???
2	On our quest to find the best cupcakes in Henderson, we tried Dip Sticks Bakery based upon its high Yelp review.  We went in at noon on a Wed to try and buy some cupcakes . . . .I say try because they didn't have any.  They said they didn't make any that day and but that they would have some the next day or so.So we returned 2 days later to find a selection of 6 cupscakes.  There was only one red velet one, so we got that one, peanut butter, and a chocolate one.The best by far was the peanut butter/chocolate one . .. . ..although the frosting was a bit gritty.  The chocolate one was ok . . . cake was moist, but the frosting on the top was "loose" and really should have been thicker.  The red velet cake was VERY dry and we ended up throwing it away.Needless to say we are mixed on this place . .. but at $3 per cupcake we expected much better.  It comes in a wonderful box where the cupcake is lost inside since it is so much smaller.This morning . . . I bought some cupcakes from trader joes . . . .. 4 of them for $3.    These chocolate peanut butter filled cupcakes were MUCH better then any of the three we tried from Dip Sticks. . .  . . sad to say, it  looks like I'm sticking with trader joes.
4	This adorable bakery focuses on desserts on a stick like cookies, pies, whoopie pies, but primarily cake pops that bring on the goodness!  They had a pretty nice assortment of sweet treats to choose from when we went there.  Snickerdoodle, Chocolate Mint, Gingerbread, Egg Nog, and Banana were some of the unique cake flavors along with Vanilla, Red Velvet. I cant remember all what was in the display cases.  However I sure do know they have alcohol infused ones. Guinness and the Wine Moscato ones I tried when Dip Sticks was at Las Vegas Distillery during the Yelp Spectacular Spirit Spree.  That one was my favorite so I was happy to see they still had a few Moscato ones left on a late afternoon. They also have cupcakes but just a small selection and they had some cute cakes on display used for special orders. The cake pops sweetness wasn't too overpowering at all. They were moist and the flavors were spot on both Moscato, Guinness and also the Chocolate Mint ones I tried.  The crisp outer candy coated like shells on all of them were real colorful and had swirly designs. It melted in your mouth when I took a bite.  I learned at their demo they are hand dipped and made from scratch..no store bought stuff here. The cakes are made from scratch as well.  Oh and they had some novelty ones on display ..cake pops inspired by Hello Kitty!!! They were super cute!! (they are special order only so call to inquire) Location is in the shopping center by Barley Casino.  I came here after I had my plate lunch at Ross J's...The area looks real lonely right now, but come March the Galaxy Theater is moving in there! The shop itself is pretty nice size, bright and airy feel.  Looks like they have an area set up to have parties.  Their signs and light fixtures are all their handiwork. It's  just so cute with charming touches of a sweet shop.  There are also gift boxes for your treats, aprons, cupcake gift items, handcrafted accessories (I got a very cute crocheted hat and scarf)  The lady who help us was friendly. I was told you can do special orders on cake pops, along with other baked goods and cakes they have displayed.  Check out their store it's all around delightful!
4	We were in the shopping center going to Ross J's for some takeout when my hubby pointed out Dip Sticks to me.  Apparently he has seen it when driving by for months and been holding out on me.  I'm pretty sure "Thou shall not withold new bakeries" was in our vows somewhere.  I had to stop and check it out.  Hubby didn't want anything so I ran in and was excited to see all the options, peach cobbler, banana pudding, all kinds of cake pops, whoopie pies, stuffed cookies and cupcakes.  I ended up getting a peach cobbler and a oreo stuffed cookie.  The total was just under $7.  Then we went to get the takeout, after ordering Hubby decided he did want something so back we went to Dip Sticks.  He got two cupcakes, chicken and waffle and vanilla.  They were only $3 each.  What a great deal.  I also noticed while inside they offer monthly classes.  Next month is Valentine cake pops.  I love that they are so close to my house and am looking forward to trying their classes.  This is by far the best bakery I have tried in the SouthEast/Henderson area.  Now maybe I can stop being bitter about Retro being so far away.
4	I was driving around aimlessly after every restaurant I have been wanting to go to was closed. I finally decided on Ross J's and saw this bakery close by. Cake pops are the new cupcakes and can be overrated. When I walked in, I was hit with a bouquet of delicious smells. The woman working gave me a run through of the items in the display cases. The theme of baked goods on a stick does not end with just cakes. They serve pies and cookies lollipop style as well. On Mondays, they play catch up due to being closed on Sunday. The best part of cake pops are that you get a taste without committing to the whole piece. I wish I could say that I was completely health oriented, yet I must not tell lies. The maple bacon is probably the best version I have had. The cake is not overtly sweet. With the pieces of bacon on top, it was everything great about breakfast.
3	This is a 3.5 star review.  We had the living social deal, which entitled us to a dozen cake pops for only $12.  This is a very good bargain.  If you are on the fence about trying this place, get the living social deal.  Bakeries seem to be popping up everywhere right now.  But, Dip Sticks lacks the boring and brings the interesting.  Very friendly staff and legitimate bakery smells as well.  Of course there are traditional flavors:  red velvet, vanilla, etc.  I had a Guinness pop, which was more chocolatey than it tasted of the famous beer.  The bacon maple pops were a hit at dinner, as I expected they would be.  The PB&J likewise was good.  I bought more than the dozen we were entitled to with the deal.  But, I made a mistake.  The vanilla had a label on them, indicating they were vanilla.  So, I saw this, and mistakenly assumed ALL were labeled.  Therefore, I quit paying attention to the flavors and just started ordering.  When I got home, the only ones I knew for SURE were vanilla, Guinness, PB&J and bacon maple.  The other ones were guesses basically.  Had their been labels on all the wrappers, I would give this place 4 stars.  I realize it was my mistake to assume that after seeing the vanilla.  But, I feel like it's a touch that would help out a lot and boost the appeal.  When you come home with 17 pops (as I did), it's very hard to remember which is which.  So, hopefully that changes in the future.  I guess next time I could take pictures to remind myself.  Again, maybe I'm being unreasonable since I recognize it was my fault.We liked every pop we tried, but didn't love them all.  The icing formed a perfect crust, which (I assume) helps keep the cakes inside moist, which they most definitely were.  I did not get a stuffed cookie, which looked really good.  Nor did I try the Dr. Pepper cake, which also looked fantastic and was only $3 a slice as I recall.  Looked very moist.  These will be definite purchases next time.  Dip Sticks flavors are unique without being too cute.  Give them a shot.
4	Dip Sticks is a family owned and operated desserts on a stick bakery.My mother and I went in on a friends request saying that the cake pops were dynamite. She was right! I think we got almost one of each as well as the cheesecakes and stuffed cookies. So delicious! We will definitely be back.
4	So when I saw the sign on this place, the first thing that came to mind was the actual dip sticks candy that I grew up having. You know, the little pouch that comes with a candy stick that you dip in the powder. Anyways, no that's not what they sell there, according to the two nice ladies that work there. What they do sell there are cupcakes, cookies, and the definition of their title, cake pops! They also have smoothies and.......wait for it..........Chocolate..........Covered..........BACON! That alone is worth making a visit here. Come on, the sweetness of the chocolate, the saltiness of the bacon........hay, where are you going? I think they are closed right at this moment so just bookmark it for now. LOL.As for their location, it is set in a pretty big plaza with a Smith's to the right of them. Inside, their store is rather spacious for a "little bakery". The two nice ladies that greeted me couldnt have been any more pleasant. I hope this place does good because how these ladies make you feel welcome should bring you back besides their goodies.
4	I Yelp searched bakeries nearby, and was excited when I saw a new one that I had yet to try.  When you walk in, its hard to figure out where to look first. Display cases full of luscious goodies put my taste buds in overdrive. My eyes grew bigger than my stomach because I ended up ordering a vanilla cake pop, cookies & cream cake pop, PB&J cake pop, and two stuffed cookies. The counter girl was pleasant and helpful. I love that there is an area with tables and chairs, because if you're like me, you'll want to dig into your treats ASAP. I nibbled on the cookie (peanut butter cookie stuffed with a PB cup), and gobbled my PB&J cake pop in two bites. Would have achieved the gobbling in one bite but I figured with two bites, I could savor the taste a little longer =) everything that I had sampled was divine, not too sweet, with a nice taste. Second visit was after watching a movie at the new Galaxy Theatres. 5 family members tried a treat as well, and will definitely return. I've been shopping around for a birthday cake for my husband, and one of the first places I called was Dip Sticks. I spoke to an owner, and she was very helpful with cake flavors and fillings. The prices for a 10 or 12 inch cake are perfect.  We will definitely be back. Banana pudding in a mini mason jar, mini cherry pie pop, and chocolate covered bacon, you will be mine.....
3	I love checking out new bakeries in the neighborhood, so I was excited to be driving right by Dipsticks earlier this week.The ambiance of the store is one of the better that I've seen for the local bakeries. It's brightly painted, the displays are well-lit, and the shop isn't intimidating or too quiet, so you don't mind actually using the indoor or outdoor seating areas.The lady that helped us was very friendly and eager to explain the different selections, so 5 stars for service.The location is good - on Sunset, next to the new Galaxy theatres I've been meaning to try. Hopefully that means this plaza is getting some new life!In keeping with the name, all the goods are actually served on a stick...cookies, cake pops, brownies, and maybe some other stuff I either didn't notice or it wasn't out. They had a wide variety of cake pops when we were there (Wednesday around noon)...lemon, vanilla, red velvet, pb&j, etc etc. We sampled the lemon, and I thought it was good for a cake pop, but then I remembered why I don't like cake pops that much. The 'cake' is mixed with icing, so it's all wet and it just seems more like batter than actual cake to me. Definitely depends on your opinion of cake pops in general. The stuffed cookies were, I thought, a genius idea. I ordered oreo stuffed with cheesecake, vanilla stuffed with rolo, and ruffles stuffed with 100 grand. Unfortunately, she didn't hear me or forgot to put the Oreo one in there, so I only got to try the other 2. I love love Rolos, but the vanilla/rolo cookie didn't live up to expectations. You couldn't even taste the Rolo - it just kinda made everything mushy, so you got another uncooked-seeming item. Again, not bad, just not exciting. I did think the Ruffle potato chip cookie was really good. She advertised it as salty meets sweet (sold!), so I could have actually gone for more potato chips to play up the salt factor. They do have chocolate covered bacon for those that are interested, but we didn't sample it this time.Also, they had some delicious-looking layered/stuffed brownies, but they seemed a little too decadent for me this visit.Where I'm deducting points is the price. $2 for an average-size cookie and $2.50 for a dinky cake pop (which, I guess, is an average-size cake pop). I mean, really, a cake pop is less than half the size of a cupcake, and I've yet to pay $5 for one of those. I realize their product is really labor intensive, but maybe they should make it less so. I would have been glad to try a selection of non-stuffed, cheaper cookies. Maybe the rolo pieces can just be in the batter? Plain chocolate chip with Ruffles on top? My second complaint is that I ordered 3 items (2 cookies and 1 cake pop) When I walked outside, I saw a sign advertising buy 3 get 1 free. Why didn't anybody in the store mention it to me?? It seems like I missed out on a free item! Or if the deal was only for 4 of the same items, I still would have liked to be informed. It really would have influenced my order!Overall, I will probably be back, at least to try the brownies and maybe even the bacon, so Dipsticks definitely has a chance to earn some additional stars.
4	What better way to spend a Friday afternoon/evening with your little one than a surprise stop at a bakery!  I had this place on my radar and finally decided to "Pop" in.  I will admit that I was a bit surprised at their offerings.  Somehow I thought it was a place where you could actually dip your "dessert" in different flavors.  I have no idea where I would have thought that!  Anyhow, it's a bakery that makes Cake Pops and a few other baked goods - some on sticks as well, some not on sticks.  At $2.50 per cake pop, we tried 4 of them.  The Chocolate and Red Velvet were our favorites!  The chocolate was more like a delicious gooey brownie than cake - which I thought was better than cake!   The Red Velvet was excellent - probably the best cake pop I have ever had!  The location is next to the new Galaxy movie theatre in Henderson on Sunset.  It's a small little space with a few tables.  It's definitely worth a a stop if you enjoy a good baked good!  Especially if you enjoy baked cake on a stick!
2	So I was sold by the comments and I expected too much from these place, As soon I enter the room is pretty and comfy but customer service is poor, being the first time I had questions and the girl wasen't so interested in answering them. The reason it brought me here was the red velvet cupcakes dry as the regular store the icing is not the real red velvet I was more than disappointed yet way too expensive for a dry cupcake no moist whatsoever. Won't be back.
3	Decided to try this place out after we saw a movie at the galaxy theatre. We just got one chocolate cake pop for $2.50 although it was good I thought the $2.50 was a little much.  I can go to Showboy BakeShop in Anthem and get an entire cupcake for the same amount.
4	I use to be a regular at this place when it was a Starbucks. To see it reopened as a bakery had my curiousity running wild. I tried to visit this place numerous times, but they have strange hours. They are closed certain days, and then open at noon on certain days. I'd call first, regardless of what yelp says before taking a drive here. We went in on my nieces birthday. As soon as I seen "stuffed cookies" I was SOLD! Then to find out they are stuffed with things like oreos and cheesecake, snickers, and butterscotch. OMG HEAVEN!! They also had a huge selection of cake pops. Cool unique flavors like Nerds Rainbow, orange cream, cheesecake, and red velvet. There were a few carmel and candy apples, as well as HUGE chocolate dipped marshmallows.  The service was good and so were the prices. My only complaint was their odd schedule. Can't wait to return!
4	Visiting Vegas and had a bit of a sweet tooth. Ordered the following:Mini peach pies - They were really good. Peach filling was not too sweet and the crust was flaky and fresh.Chocolate brownie - My favorite! Moist, chewy and perfect amount of chocolate. I wish I would have ordered more than one.Cake pops - Maple bacon - great balance of sweet and salty! Stuffed cookies - Reese's peanut butter cup, and M&M and pretzel. Both were tasty. The staff was very helpful as well.
4	Cute little place but not the best location unless you want to sneak in a sweet treat for the luxury movie theater next door. They have a relatively small selection, but they make up for it in flavor! Cake pops come in a number of flavors, ranging from moscato wine to "kitchen sink" - a combination of brownie, peanuts, caramel and pretzels. The brownies are extremely decadent and about 1.5 in tall - I didn't get one but would love to try one next time. The cookie pops are what caught my eye - a large cookie STUFFED WITH CANDY. Genius! So delish. They have chocolate chip stuffed with snickers or rolo, a chocolate cookie stuffed with mounds, and several other flavors to choose from! I got the mounds stuffed cookie and was not disappointed. There are also cakes served by the slice, mini pies, chocolate covered bacon, and cheesecake. Everything is very rich and beautifully presented. The girl who served us was very sweet and took the time to explain each item to is in detail. Great service and great sweet treats!
5	DELICIOUS! What a sweet lovers paradise! I was in the neighborhood so I decided to stop in. The service here is excellent. There was a few people in there and the dude behind the counter made sure to spend time with everyone. He came around and explained everything as well as answered questions. He was really nice! I love excellent service. Anyways, I ended up getting a banana cake pop, chocolate covered bacon, and chocolate chip cookie stuffed with snickers. Here's the run down:Chocolate Covered Bacon - SO INSANELY DELICIOUS. Sweet and Salty....what a blast for your taste buds. I'm a big fan of the sweet and salty movement.Chocolate Chip Cookie - Ate it the next day and it was still soft and moist. Not stale at all which is a total plus! It was interesting. I never had a stuffed cookie before. I'm a fan now! Even if it wasn't stuffed it still was a really delicious cookie!Banana Cake Pop - I am a fan of banana flavored stuff. This was a winner! Ate it the next day also, and it was still fresh and yummy. I loved it!Oh yeah....and everything comes on a stick. What FUN! I can't wait to go back!
4	Ok, so they have chocolate covered bacon. I have to be the only person who thinks bacon is overrated, but I still couldn't resist just buying a piece to try. I'm such a bandwagoner! I didn't enjoy the bacon in the least, but at least I tried. The bakery has a $5 for $10 Yelp deal available, which is a pretty good deal. Aside from the bacon, I bought two cookies on a stick. The first was a chocolate chip cookie filled with an oreo and cheesecake, the other was chocolate with a  mounds bar inside. Both were amazingly tasty. I'm not usually a big fan of overly sweet treats with too many flavors all mixed together, but these were so good. Definitely something to eat regularly, but honestly they are worth a try.
4	Stopped by today to pick up a few cake pops only to find out the store is closed down, as in the store is empty with a "warning no trespassing" sticker posted on their door.  Called the phone number listed on their website but it went straight to voice message.  If anyone knows where their new location is kindly  post it here,  please!!  Love, love their cake pops and all their other goodies and I'm hoping they did not shut their doors for good!
5	Correct me if I'm wrong (PLEASE correct me!) but I was there today and they're closed!! There was a notice in the door! They're amazingly delicious and it broke my heart :(
