4	I've stayed at this Sheraton several times, most recently for a conference this September.  It's a solid small city hotel.  The beds are Sheraton beds, nice and comfy.  It has a pool (large enough to swim abbreviated laps, though not a full-size lap pool), a sauna, and a hot tub.  It's well-located -- walking distance to the Reliant Center, and only two miles from downtown.  There's ample parking.  The BBQ chicken pizza from Heartland, the attached restaurant, was tasty, though I haven't had it since 2004.  Also, the curtains in the room are very effective in shutting out the sunlight, which the vampiric among us (or simply anyone like me, who's woken up by the sunrise) will appreciate.A few things to keep in mind: while there is wireless internet, it's not free.  The rooms don't have minibar fridges.  Those two miles to downtown may be too farther than you want to walk after a night out (though it's a short, cheap cab ride).  Make sure to check the electronic clock when you arrive to make sure the alarm is off -- the last time I stayed, they didn't reset the alarm clock after the last guest left, which punctured my last hour of sleep.I'm an Starwood member, so whenever I'm in Madison, this is where I stay.  If you're collecting SPG points or this has a good rate, you shouldn't go wrong here.
4	This is a good hotel in a great midwestern college town. It is clean and fairly new, and close to the Reliant Convention Center complex, and just a couple of miles from downtown and not far from the University of Wisconsin. The quality of service is very good, and Sheraton Hotels has emphasized their cozy, comfy, superior beds for a few years now. Parking is free in the large lot and the room rates are pretty reasonable.
4	I've been here for two things: An overnight stay, and a wedding.1) The rooms are really lovely, much prettier than I ever would've expected.  I'm always taken aback by hotel rooms that aren't decorated with those tacky shades of bright green, coral and tan.  This had a pleasant ivory/gold and navy blue color scheme.  The bed was very comfortable.  Everything seemed very clean.  The staff was friendly upon check-in/check-out.  The only problem was that the walls were incredibly thin and we could hear everything that was being screamed down the hallways by drunks at 3 a.m.  2) My friend's wedding reception that was held here was lovely.  A member of the waitstaff noticed that a friend of mine had spilled her water all over the table and mopped it up before we could even ask for a towel.  Most of the service was great like that, except for a mixup with some of the entrees--but that was corrected immediately upon our request.
4	Clean rooms, nice lobby, close to Olin Park, Alliant Ctr, on the bike trial, just off Beltline......couldnt ask for a better stay at the price paid.
4	Stayed here 2 nights on a cross-country drive, and thought it was great. The best part was definitely the service; all the people we encountered were super-nice. The room was very nice also, and the bed was comfy. Convenient, free high-speed internet downstairs. Just a nice stay all around. Not exactly walkable to downtown, tho, if you're looking for that.
1	Unfortunately, this review reflects primarily  on the manager on duty during our stay at the Sheraton: Robin Holm. Not only was she unreliable and difficult to communicate with, she lied to us and was very rude, using incredibly unprofessional language. She was totally unapologetic for a mistake that she made, which forced us to rearrange our entire afternoon. Her behavior, in conjunction with a crappy hotel location, makes us never want to stay here again.Choose the Hilton!! Much better location and competent staff!
3	Just stayed one night for the Badger Football game.  OK. Got it for a good price on Hotel.com.  The free internet in the lobby (with workstations) was cool.
4	I'd have to say this place wasn't bad at all. Pros:* nice lobby* staff we encountered were friendly* mini starbucks on the first floor* clean room, comfortable beds, nice bathroom* relatively strong and free wifi* flat panel TVs with a few HD channelsCons:* nothing special restaurant wise
4	I stayed here with my boyfriend and a friend for 3 nights last weekend.  Overall I enjoyed my stay, I did not enjoy my looooooong walk (~$13-15 cab rides) to all the fun that is in downtown Madison.I was super annoyed that Priceline thought that the Sheraton qualified as "downtown Madison."  Although, that's not the Sheraton's fault. Despite that I made the poor decision to use priceline, I called the manager and he was able to secure me a room with the very necessary 2 double beds. (Although they could not promise I would get them.)   I was pleasantly surprised with the amenities and room. The beds and bedding were extremely comfortable.  My co-traveler enjoyed the workout room.  All of our needs were promptly met during our stay.  Despite the lame location, I'd consider staying here again just for the comfortable rooms.
4	The Sheraton is a great place to stay in Madison.  The rooms have been renovated somewhat recently and are very nice and comfortable.  Customer Service has always been good to me - in my 20 or so stays at this location.  Workout room is good.  Restaurant is good.  There is a bar.  I'll be honest, there is nothing especially stunning or remarkable about this hotel, but I have never been disappointed with my stay.  I always have everything I need there.  You do need transport to downtown area (never a problem for me, as I am driving from Chicago).  My most recent stay was for a race - they are very accommodating to these special event situations.  Rooms on the SPG level are really nice the the SPG lounge has a great breakfast on weekdays!
4	This hotel has a very elegant feel to it. I was here for an organization conference and it was a lot of fun. The hotel rooms were very nice, as well as the lobby and seminar rooms. Their ball room is also very nice. It is close to downtown for easy access for the night life. (I know because i'm from Madison). Our organization made it a little rowdy but it was still fun. The staff is also excellent and responded to our requests and needs very fast and with courtesy. I will absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone who is coming to Madison.
4	The bedding was AMazing!!! Tv is too slow as in every Sheraton. Too much chlorine in the pool......the service and rooms make up for it. Try staying on a private floor....the club lounge has complimentary breakfast and happy hour snacks! Worth the extra
3	Ehh...   so so.   It's hard to explain.   The service was great.   The prices are very low - and the rooms were comfortable enough to stay in again.My problem was with two things:  1) the bathroom was crap.   I'm tall, but no giant.  I'm 6'3.   And the showerhead was made for someone who, in my most humble opinion, could only be described as a dwarf.  The water was hitting my nipples - not because it was aimed there, nay that's the height of the shower! 2)  The roomservice price.   I ordered breakfast which was $14.  Not bad.  But what was described as "eggs, hashbrown, and your choice of bacon, sausage, ham AND a drink" Good deal right?   Well, when you thrown in the $3 DELIVERY CHARGE  (It's freaking roomservice, how else was i going to get it?!?)  AND the 20% added gratuity without my knowledge - the $3 extra charge for the Bacon and the $5 glass of Orange Juice..... What was suppose to be $14 ended up being $32.RIP OFF!!!then end.
1	Positives about hotel:  great customer service on check-in, great view, okay location, beautiful art in room, nice tv, working a.c., thankfully only paid half-price because of hotwire.Negatives about hotel:  RUDE customer service on check-out, hotel poorly constructed, bathroom layout disappointing, room dirty:  large dark curtains coated in dust, bedspread had a quarter size red/pink stain that appeared as if a sucker had been set on the bed, dust ruffle on bed very dirty, hair in shower upon arrival, bathroom vent fan not working, complimentary lotion had clearly been used by earlier guest of the room.Overall a very disappointing hotel.  Had we paid full price for the room, as soon as we walked into the room we would have turned around, requested a refund and gone to a different hotel, but we only paid half price and that is exactly what the room was worth (half price or less....not more ever!).
4	I was actually very satisfied with our stay at this Sheraton. The hotel was nicely decorated and the lobbies offered plenty of seating to hang out and read or visit with friends. The rooms and hallways of this hotel had a beautiful calming color scheme and the furnishings in the room were attractive and comfortable, plus we had a flat screen TV that we could hook up our laptop to via  HDMI and watch Blu-ray movies. And free WiFi too!After a long long long road trip we just wanted a nice relaxing evening in.....we popped in a movie, ordered some room service and settled in.Room service was reasonably priced. We ordered a large BBQ Chicken Pizza, and 2 Caesar salads. Our meal arrived complete with a basket of bread and butter, and ice water too. All of the low low price of  $36 which included tax, delivery fee, and gratuity....not too shabby.
4	It seems like most other folks who stayed here, I got my room on priceline (for $50). I was also rather annoyed that priceline considers this hotel to be downtown Madison -- but that was my fault for not looking closer at the map, not the hotel's fault.This is a great hotel though. The rooms are big and comfortable. Parking and wifi are free (as are cribs). Service as friendly and quick (almost over the top). They have a nice pool and a free shuttle service (that I did not use).I also like that if you forgo maid service you get a $5 voucher that you can use at the restaurant or starbucks.
4	This hotel was nice, fresh, clean and the cleaning staff was awesome. I called for more towels and it was delivered right away and the staff called me to make sure I received the towels. My only beef was with the front desk staff and the manager. We called to make sure rooms were available at 12:00, due to my son's naptime. When we arrived the front desk lady (black lady with coke bottle glasses) lectured me with an attitude about the check-in time and said she needed to check with her manager. The manager said he talked with my wife on the phone and added my name to the listing, so I could check in. He said "I told her we had rooms available. That didn't mean your room is available." Now if I ever heard a dumb statement from manager this was it. I had a great time in Madison, so he must have been imported to be a manager. This is a great hotel, just make sure you ask is YOUR room available, when you call.
4	Great bargain on a fine hotel. Nicely appointed rooms with large LG flat screen TVs and heaps of pillows on the beds and fluffy comforter.When I was here, they offered a foursquare check in promotion of free VIP lounge access getting you food and drinks in the evenings and a nice breakfast buffet with scrambled eggs and muffins with Canadian bacon. Yum!
4	Great hotel for many reasons! 1) Lots of free parking2) Clean, spacious bathrooms3) Comfy beds4) Free internet5) About a 10 dollar cab ride to downtown6) Starbucks in the lobbyWill definitely be returning!
4	Pros:-Very clean-Awesomely comfortable beds with super fluffy pillows-Quiet (and we were there on a busy weekend with a home football game)-Starbucks in the lobby and in the hotel rooms-Was able to get a room on Priceline for $60 the day before we arrived-Free parking-Foursquare promotion = free breakfast buffet in the restaurant-Friendly, helpful staff-Not right downtown but easily a 5-10 min drive from the CapitolCons:-Like another reviewer said, the showerhead is very low - not great for tall guests-Some rooms face railroad tracks; we didn't hear any trains but not sure if this is disruptive at other timesOverall, a great place. It seems like it's been recently updated and well-maintained. I'd recommend it to anyone traveling through Madison.
3	Check-in: a breeze. Great friendly staff to greet you. There was plenty of surface lot for free parking, which always makes things easier.Room: Bedroom was unremarkable. Bathroom was a bit small. I did find some stray hair in the washcloth in the bathroom, which I found to be disturbing at a SPG hotel... Otherwise, a very comfortable, clean room.  I stayed on the club flood and used the club lounge in the morning for "breakfast"... It was just fruits, cereal, and pastries... If you're looking for a hot breakfast, the club lounge won't do anything for you. Check-out: again, a breeze. Starbucks in the lobby is a plus. Food: Eat before you come out to this hotel... Room service menu isn't very impressive. I went downstairs to the restaurant at 8:30 PM for something- it's typical bar food. Even the bartender doesn't want you to order food because she knows how terrible it is! Misc: the only starwood hotel in Madison. It's doable for your loyalty points. It's very close to the highway, so it's very easy and convenient to just hop on to get to wherever you need to go. It shaves 10 minutes of driving through the crazy one-ways of downtown Madison from some of the other hotels.
3	The location is a nice selling point. Easy access (by car) to downtown and Willy street. Quick on and off to the beltline. The rooms are clean, but it seems old. I am not sure how to explain it. It isn't "bad" per  sey.What is bad is the PAPER thin wall. I could hear the guy in the room next to me cracking his shelled peanuts and watching Jeapordy...answering the questions. He got a lot right actually. Anyway, if that is going to drive you to jump off a bridge, I would not suggest staying here. Otherwise, not bad, not out of this world.
2	Pros:- Close to downtown and the belt line- Comfortable bedsCons: - Breakfast is lousy and the lounge is not clean. You have to remind the lounge attendant when the food runs out. They are most certainly not attentive. - While they now have a coffee machine, a lot of times they run out of cups and surprisingly NEVER have any coffee cup sleeves. - Some of the front desk staff is downright rude. Most of them are good but I found some to be rather abrupt and unwelcoming. To summarize, this is probably an ok hotel for the occasional traveler but if you are a business traveler and find yourself in a hotel 3 to 4 night every week then you will find this hotel severely lacking. Having stayed at various Starwood & Marriott hotels around the country, I am very disappointed in their service.
1	I had a course at the University of Wisconsin for a week, and I booked the Sheraton Madison because of the complimentary shuttle knowing that the campus is about ten minutes away.  I could have booked a hotel closer to campus, but I haven't had a bad experience at a Starwood property, so far.  I am very dissatisfied with the lack of customer service that this hotel provides.  On Saturday when I arrived, I asked to reserve the shuttle at 7:30am to take me to campus from Monday through Thursday.  The Front Desk told me that Monday and Tuesday were unavailable because of the Epic Systems guests.  That's two days where I will have to take a taxi.On Tuesday evening, I called to confirm my shuttle reservation for Wednesday, and the Front Desk told me that they were serving the Epic guests all week and that the shuttle was unavailable.  That meant that I would have to take a taxi all week.  The Front Desk agent was very negligent because they did NOT inform me that the shuttle was unavailable for my reservation.  They could easily have left a message.  Had I not called the Front Desk, I would have found out too late that my shuttle was unavailable, and I would have to scramble to find a taxi and perhaps be late for my course.  I expressed my discontent with the Front Desk, but he did not express any empathy.  The shuttle was reserved for Epic for that time, period.Imagine my fiancee's surprise then when the Front Desk called on Wednesday morning asking where I was for my shuttle.  The Front Desk agent from Tuesday obviously did not even check the shuttle log when he said it was unavailable.At least that meant I would be able to take the shuttle on Thursday morning.  Well, on that morning, the Front Desk called letting me know that the shuttle driver was stuck in traffic, and that she would call me a cab (which I ended up paying for again).  For the four days when I needed the shuttle in the morning, it was not available, and I paid for the cab every morning from Monday through Thursday.For the Make a Green choice, it states on the door hang to hang the notice before 2am.  I did that, but I did not receive my voucher the first night.  I asked the Front Desk and she stated that the hang has to be on the door by 10pm the night before because that's when the security walks around for it.   I said that I thought it was 2am, but I wasn't sure if that was for the Green Choice or the breakfast room service.  She gave me the voucher anyway as if she were doing me a favour.  I checked the door hang, and she was incorrect.On checkout day, I made a reservation for the shuttle to take me to the airport.  She entered me in the log for 4:45pm.  The shuttle was again not available at that scheduled time, but at least they took care of the cab fare for that one trip.I will never stay at the Sheraton Madison again.  I stay at Starwood properties for the Guest Service, and at this hotel, that was lacking with the Front Desk in particular.
3	I've stayed here a few times now....and it's been comfortable each stay. Nothing spectacular here, but nothing terribly bad either. It's not the swankiest Sheraton, but the staff is pretty friendly. (Especially this last stay, the front desk was extremely friendly.)You can tell that they've updated this property as much as they could. My "gripes":*For being on the Club level, there wasn't a sm fridge in my room*25 Pet fee, when most other Starwood properties are complimentary*Bathrooms kinda smallerLike others have said, the beds are comfortable though. Complimentary parking.
4	I didn't have much of a view from my room on the club level.  However, the facility was clean and quiet.
4	Friendly staff; modern rooms; clean and comfy beds; not much of a view.
4	I stayed here on a short business trip this past February.Loved that as I was coming in, the front desk staff was genuinely smiling and high-fiving each other (really). That definitely got the stay off to a good start : )The room was clean and quiet, and it was an enjoyable stay. The location was very convenient too.I would say though, definitely plan to eat out. The dining areas were pretty lonely, and the food was not that great. I also thought the drinks were more expensive than I expected for this area. But I enjoyed my stay and would recommend this place.
4	I was very happy with my short stay here. Our room was deliciously cold when we walked in from the humid August air. The staff was friendly. Our bed was comfortable. I had ample pillow choices. It was quiet and I slept through the night. Very clean. My one complaint was "where was the robe"?. I could not find it anywhere. Hotels need robes.
5	Had a great time here while training with Epic. The bartender gave me something called cheese curds which should be against the law. My room was upgraded for signing back up with Starwood so I had a view of the lake. Everyone was extremely friendly from the bartender to the front desk to the shuttle drivers. First time in Wisconsin and this place made a great first impression of the people there. Will be staying here when the boss sends me back for more training.
2	I stay in hotels 3-5 nights a week. This hotel has some pros: bed was comfortable with nice clean warm comforters. This hotel appears old and in much need of upgrading. Old dark brown doors that look like they have been hanging sine the 60s.  It was below zero outside and the heat would be off every day when entering room.  Really???  A deep clean needs to be done in rooms.  I had to move chair slightly to find a shoe and it was pretty dusty. I ordered room service 3 days for breakfast. First day, it was good. Second day, not as good. Third day, it was awful. Omelet was brown inside from being overlooked.  Walls were very thin. I heard the guy next door on the phone at 5:30 AM. Not good!!!  The shuttle was wonderful.  It was below zero outside and it was nice to get shuttle to restaurants at night. Some front desk people were fabulous and some not so much.  It was interesting.
5	It was a wonderful location, near the downtown Madison area. The hotel was easy to find. The entire hotel was very clean and easy to navigate through. You can tell there has been attention to detail in decorating. The staff was very friendly and willing to help. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The beds were comfortable and we slept well on them. Something this hotel would be better off with is a continental breakfast. It would at least be improved by having a low cost breakfast buffet. I have been to many hotels that offered a breakfast buffet for $7.99 per adult, and children under 12 were free. We looked at the exorbitant prices for the items on the breakfast menu. One of the items being cereal, milk and fresh fruit for $9.00!
3	Very good average hotel outside of the downtown area.
4	Friendly staff, clean cozy room, booked last minute, free shuttle to town. I would say well stocked bar but my husband is a booze snob & he says semi-well stocked ;)
2	Some staff were helpful. Some seemed uninterested, the shuttle bus drivers were very nice. The room was clean and the hall decor seemed updated and fine with me. The shuttle service to downtown Madison was a big plus since this hotel is not walkable to much. The rental bikes out front are fabulous when the kiosk is working.The beds were very comfortable but when the temperature in the room went up a bit and got warmer we could smell urine. We were on the pet floor (without a pet) and so we assume that was what it was. We could never find a luggage cart....There was a wedding Saturday night, we went and complained about the noise from the partying guests at midnight and it quieted down. We went and spoke to the guests ourselves at 1:30 again when they "forgot." We had a fire alarm go off from the drunken wedding guest at 2:45 a.m. There were elderly folks and parents with babies all over the front drive and the manager or staff never came outside and told us a thing. I finally went in to ask and he admitted it was the wedding folks and it was a false alarm. I know it's not their fault, but they could have handled that better. A "sorry" at some point about the noise or  alarm would have been nice. Even nicer would have been if the manager had offered us a deal if we came to stay again or free breakfast since we literally got zero sleep Saturday night. The wi-fi on the 4th floor was pretty darn mediocre even though the manager said it was fine. I couldn't download my e-mail to my phone!Here's the thing, I can get a Hampton Inn for about the same price. I get free breakfast, a clean room and no rowdy wedding folks there so I'm not sure that this was "nicer."
3	A very good value. I would definitely recommend staying here while in Mad-town, especially if seeing a show at the coliseum. It is a decent hotel practically across the street from the venue. It has all the amenities you could want and has been renovated. I personally think the lobby is as nice as some of the 4-stars I have stayed at.Even if you are not coming to this Midwestern charmer of a town for a show, it is a great option. Some of the updates were done too quickly (wallpaper lines could be seen on the walls in our room, for example), and it is a little further from State Street, but it has a nice lobby, proper amenities, and a good pool and workout room. Plus the beds are plushly made.To make up for the distance from "town," they have an on site restaurant (haven't tried it), room service, a lounge, and Starbucks coffee bar in the lobby as well as in the rooms. I use my Starwood membership "cash & points" option and feel like running around the lobby yelling WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER! every time.We have stayed here twice will definitely stay again the next time we visit our son at school. Maybe next time we'll try a room in the "club level" to see what that is all about.
4	I had to stay here for an extended period of time. The staff was friendly and knowledgable, and the beds are extremely comfortable. The bar downstairs is good to unwind if you are on business and the it has an amazing view for jogging along the lakeside in the mornings.My only complaint was the lack of lighting in the rooms. Reading documents is difficult for my eyes due to the lampshades.
4	Had a great time staying here on a business trip. The accommodations were pretty nice. We had meals catered by the hotel for most of our lunches and dinners and I was very impressed! Not your typical hotel food by any means - it could rival most fancy high end catering/restaurants. The staff was wonderful and assisted with all our needs. We were especially fortunate to have a wonderful shuttle driver (Brett) who was also a student and provided us with tidbits of information as he drove us around - such a great, personalized touch. Hope to be able to come back again for a personal visit, but we would definitely make this our hotel of choice when we come again for business.
2	I CONTACTED LISA WATTS PER HER POSTING BELOW 3 TIMES SINCE HER YELP POSTING. SO FAR, SHE DID NOT RESPOND BACK TO MY E-MAILS. THIS SHERATON IS RUN MUCH DIFFERENT THAT AN AVERAGE SHERATON. HER NOT-RESPONDING IS FRUSTRATING.IN SHORT: NICE STAFF, NOT BADLY RUN SHERATON!1. The milk in the coffee machine at the Club Lounge was spoiled. This is just unacceptable. All of us used it until someone realized it was spoiled. That person was drinking the milk only. When added to coffee, it was not easy to detect the spoiled milk. 2. The very same machine did not function most of the days. It was being maintained, cleaned, unplugged or just plain broken. 3. In the middle of the breakfast, the staff decided to clean the machine, which made it unusable for 1 hour. 4. The staff stated vacuuming the floors (using a very loud vacuum cleaner) at the Club Lounge during our breakfast; one hour before the breakfast time was over (10:20 am on Saturday). Nobody was not able to talk due to high noise. 5. The computer/printer at the Club Lounge did not function for two days. We reported the issue to Tony several times. A technician came at one point and we were told that it was fixed. We tried it and realized that it was still broken. Next morning I called Toni and asked if the printer was working. Without hesitation he assured us that all the equipment at the Club Lounge was working. When we went to use the computer/printer, to our surprise, nothing was working. It is frustrating that Tony told us what we wanted to hear instead of confirming it before sending us there.  6. The room keys did not work one day. Toni told us that it was a known problem and that the hotel was experiencing some technical issues. Our question is: if it is known by the management, why the issues has not beed addressed? Why inconvenience guests with broken key system? 7. The man's shower at the pool has only cold water (at least for the first 5 minutes I used). 8. One light bulb at the dining room in 803 is out. More attention to details is needed. 9. The window is covered with bird crap (803). It looks like it is old bird crap. Why not clean once a week?THEY CAN RUN THIS PLACE SO MUCH BETTER, BUT, I THINK THE MANAGEMENT IS TOO JADED.
1	This place is run down and needs serious remodeling.  First room we got had wall trim laying in the hallway as you walk in.  There was also a key card on the desk as if the room was already occupied.  How well does the staff clean the rooms ox those things are lying out in the open?  After looking some more there was a hole in the carpet under the sink and some black spots on the ceiling tile in the bathroom that looked like mold to me.  The second room had a stain on the carpet going into the bathroom.  Semen or toothpaste? Who knows who cares? Again not very clean.  The wallpaper in the bathroom is starting to bubble off and close to the mirror you can see a spot where they wallpapered over a hole in the wall without actually fixing the hole.The club level lounge was not impressive and the tv had analog channels that looked like you were watching a vhs tape on the screen.  We left and asked for a refund.
4	I wish I could rate the staff separately from the room.  Staff gets 5+ stars. Everyone helped me around, talked to me about everything and anything I could ever want to know about Madison and made getting around an unfamiliar city very good.  The room itself was okay. The pillows were very squishy and offered no support. The bed was comfortable though. There was no refrigerator, which seems odd for a city that is so foodie friendly (and has amazing dairy stuff available to you). So really 3 stars for the hotel, but the staff earned it an extra star.
4	I've stayed at this hotel a few times in the last year and always look forward to returning. This last time I reserved a room with access to the club room. Well worth the price. It was nice to be able to just slip down the hall to grab some breakfast for once while staying in a hotel. The rooms are always clean and the beds are comfortable. The hotel isn't downtown, but it's not far at all by car and the hotel is very convenient to the interstate.
5	I was pleasantly surprised. I stayed for a convention and came in with 5 bags and a lap top, I was late to one of the meetings and the person I was sharing my room with wasn't there. The front desk were happy to take my bags and name even without proof of room purchase and store them. I felt sheepish asking for the favor, but they made me feel like schlepping my bags to the secure location was no inconvenience.  Then when I came to collect them the offered to put them on a cart for me and walk them up. They even proactively let me know about the Internet seeing my lap top - and thank goodness for an Internet connection I don't have to pay for or remember a log in. The demeanor then and all weekend was warm,  proactively helpful...I actually felt like theywanted me to be there. Not always do I feel like a guest, this time I did. Thank you SSheraton staff.
4	*The staff is incredibly polite, friendly and helpful. *The pool and hot tub area are clean and inviting.*They have a really nice and updated fitness area.*The room was very clean and the hallways even smelled fresh.*I look forward to staying at this Sheraton, when I'm in Madison.
2	Some staff are very nice, but it doesn't make up for the majority who are very rude, and get more rude when they get stressed.  Overall, service is inconsistent. For example, one misinformed employee explained that I wouldn't get Starwood points if I booked through expedia ?! Another rude employee was shocked that I would not have their shuttle schedule memorized and spouted it out to me asking me to pick one in haste.The rooms are loud. I asked for a quiet room, so they nicely put me at the end of the hall away from the elevator and ice machine, but missed the mark by having my window facing the busy highway. Not to mention I can here the tv on the other side of the wall with impressive clarity. The only saving grace is a loud antiquated heating/cooling system that allows me to turn the fan on and drown out the noise.I do feel somewhat bad writing this, only for the nice, young, hard working employees working here don't deserve this review. But unfortunately the rest of the employees and the establishment do.
4	Beautiful, clean and has friendly staff. What more can a girl ask for?Also, has shuttles to and from certain hot spots in downtown Madison. You don't have to worry about parking!
4	I picked this hotel as our "splurge a little" hotel when we were staying in Madison. What I got for my money was very nice, but could have been a just a little better. Our room was facing the highway, not the lake, which was a bit of a bummer. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The room service was fast, friendly, and brought me a corkscrew and a couple of wineglasses for free. The room was a bit smaller than expected and the bathroom door made an awful loud sound when closed, no matter how softly you closed it. There was no mini-fridge, which would have been nice. The climate control in the room had no "fan only" setting and I am the type that sleeps with a fan all the time, but aside from that we were very comfortable. I was very satisfied with the cleanliness. The shuttle service was an unexpected perk, and the driver was very nice. Had we stayed longer we would have taken advantage of the pool/jacuzzi which I did not have a chance to check out. There was also a bike rental right in the parking lot, which is one of my favorite things about Madison. All in all it was a nice hotel at a nice location with some nice amenities.
3	Stayed here while in town for Epic training. Clean, affordable, and the staff was super friendly and they gave us great snacks for breakfast each day. My only complaint is the shuttle times, they're timed terribly. They have you arriving 45 minutes prior to classes (7:45am) and pick you up 40 minutes after they end (5:10). They were also not flexible with Epic to airport times. In the end I wish I would have rented a car instead of spending an extra hour & half at Epic each day.
2	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at this Sheraton. It was our first time with one and perhaps our last. Needless to say, my experience there was very disappointing. Let me start off by saying that the staff members were super friendly, and I have no qualms with them. (Much love to those holding it down at the front.) My gripes mainly pertain to the terrible smell of the lobby and our poorly maintained room.When we entered the building, a putrid stench seemed to fill the lobby. According to my girlfriend, it reminded her of an unkept women's bathroom. (Shiver.) I think this problem could be easily fixed if the cleaning staff used a different solution. This is a bit more forgivable, since it was mainly in one area.What I can't overlook was the room. We arrived late that day, and for paying something over $130ish per night, you would expect that we wouldn't have to worry about the room's cleanliness or functionality. And sure, I guess I could've called the front staff to get us another, but really, do I want to go through all that hassle at 11 PM when I have to wakeup early the next morning? No. I also discovered some of these problems the next day, so there really wasn't much I could do.Things that could be better:-The curtain was detached from the wall that left a long nail out.-There were only a few visible outlets (that didn't have lamps connected to them), and only one of them worked. That was the one by the sink.-The smatter of bird crap across our window.-An unnerving sign that stated, "Due to our proximity to Lake Monona, there are often natural lake flies that penetrate the window screens. For your own comfort, we ask that the windows be kept closed. Your cooperation is appreciated and we apologize for any inconvenience." I guess that's kind of nice, but it just looked like someone made it on Microsoft Word and taped it to the window. -And for the finale, our king sized bed didn't have proper fitted bed sheets. In fact, it was mainly two non-fitted sheets tucked into the mattress. It absolutely sucked waking up on the actual mattress, which I found absolutely disgusting. I cleansed myself with a cold shower.To say that this Sheraton needs some upgrades is an understatement. It needs an overhaul, and I don't see myself returning anytime in the future.
4	I booked this room on Priceline and was so excited to stay here because I usually stay at Hilton, Holiday Inn or Country Inn and Suites.  I had never stayed at a Sheraton before. The hotel is beautiful and there are many amenities.  It's close to downtown and is in a safe neighborhood.  When we arrived, we were greeted with a smile and warmth.  We were given a choice of upper or lower floor and which view we would prefer (the woods and pond in the back or the street in the front.....we chose the woods). They also changed our reservation from a king to 2 queens. I would have given this hotel a 5 stars (which is something because I don't give 5 stars lightly), but the housekeeping was a little off.  The staff immediately exchanged our room.  In the morning, I was asked about my stay and I hesitated to tell them that the second room had a couple housekeeping issues as well (it's a tough job).  They immediately offered to buy us breakfast.  Unfortunately, we had an appointment and did not have time.  So they applied MANY points to a Sheraton account even though I booked using Priceline. However, when we left, I realized I had left something in the first room and when my son asked the housekeeper, she had picked them up and they were on her cart. I was ever so grateful to get them back!My only other minor disappointment was that there was not a refrigerator or microwave in our room, which I would have needed for a longer stay, but for an overnighter, it was perfectly fine.If any of my children opt to attend UW Madison, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
2	Nice staff, boring location away from the downtown area, nowhere to walk to. The hallways are depressing as hell, no mini-fridge in the room. We ended up leaving here a day early to stay at the Double Tree downtown. Sucks. :/ I would not go back here.
1	Stayed here 3 nights. Rooms are very dated and really need a facelift, had to call for towels & toilet paper(although they were delivered promptly). Desk staff were just ok, bartender was rude. They advertise a shuttle that runs a continuous loop to hot spots but it is limited hours. Was told shuttle was not available both times we asked so we finally gave up & probably spent an extra $100 on taxis. No mini frig or microwave in room which is pretty standard for rooms in this $$ range. Just not good.
3	The Sheraton Madison is a perfectly adequate business travel hotel. Yes, there are a few frayed elements to the hotels "total package" - but the positive elements out-weigh the negative in a resounding way.A few things to consider - (1) It's a Sheraton. By that statement I mean - the Sheraton Madison is a mid-range, travel hotel. It is not a resort hotel or even a high-end business travel hotel. Guests should consider the class of hotel before they book a stay at the Sheraton (and especially when writing acerbic reviews). (2) The location is outside of the downtown core - but restaurants and amenities are easily accessible. In fact, the hotel has one of the most robust shuttle services to the downtown and the airport I have ever seen. Case in point, my co-worker landed a few hours before me (I rented a car). She called the hotel to request the shuttle. They told her the shuttle had already left the airport - but that she should get in a cab and tell the driver to charge the fare to the Sheraton. Wow. have you ever heard of such great customer service? (3) The hotel needs a little remodeling. The decor is clean and maintained, but there is definitely a need for a little more contemporary features. (4) The staff are super pleasant and very responsive to requests. I am a SPG Platinum member. I stay in SPG properties 75+ nights per year. The staff at the Sheraton Madison were some of the nicest staff I have encountered. And finally, (5) The Sheraton Madison is a mid-range business travel hotel. I know - I have already stated such; but it is super important to keep this in-kind if you are looking to book a more luxurious hotel for your staff in the Madison area. If, however, you are looking for a place to sleep while in town for meetings or business, and don't mind a short commute to the downtown area - the Sheraton Madison is a perfectly comfortable hotel.
1	NOT impressed. -Rooms really need updating and a deep cleaning. Our room had two holes in the ceiling, not to mention a blood stain on the shower curtain. The gigantic old TV would randomly turn off mid show, and the only way to fix it was by unplugging it and plugging it back in. -The staff was not very friendly or very attentive. They did what they had to do, and they rarely did it very nicely. The bartender was actually quite rude to us- twice. I won't stay here again, and I would not recommend it.
4	Comfortable bed, modern, clean, and efficient front desk. Overall a positive experience.Negatives: shuttle system. This is my second time coming to Madison and staying here. At the airport, there are shuttles for every other hotel. I swear I saw five holiday inn shuttles before I saw a Sheraton. When I called, I was told it would be 25 min and that she was sorry, but it was because they had lots of guests staying. She was polite about it and thanked me for my understanding.  Not a huge deal, but it seemed like other hotels were sending shuttles more frequently. Also, the lighting in the room is very dim. Lots of lamps spaced far apart. It also takes too long to find a channel on the TV. The system is slow and cumbersome,  particularly if you are channel surfing.Minor quibbles aside, a nice place to stay that offers a free shuttle to the downtown area until around 11 pm.
1	Arrived at 11pm to be told that they oversold the hotel and sent us elsewhere further away. The manager on duty said its there policy to overbook the rooms. It looked unclean and the staff clueless. Avoid at all costs.
1	I'm really sorry to say that this was the worst SPG hotel I've ever stayed at.  Madison is known for having very lovely, friendly people but we did not feel comfortable or welcomed at this hotel at all.  Pretty much nothing about our hotel stay went right -- we could never book the shuttle, the food was terrible, it always took at least half an hour for a taxi to arrive to the hotel, the rooms were very bare bones and not well-cleaned, and the staff was super rude and unprofessional.  I cannot in good conscience recommend this hotel to anyone.
2	Pretty sure I checked in alone for room for one person. Once I was in the room, I found friends inside. At first, one tiny lady bug hanging out by the curtain. Then, one more lady bug. Then, one more. It must be my lucky night? Isn't lady bugs supposed to bring good luck? But the companies that made it to my room were all ladies... as in Lady bugs. I really didn't feel so lucky. Otherwise it was an ok stay. Front desk was nice and informative. They also offer shuttle busses to downtown Madison or local nearby eateries. Hotel hallways were a little dark with all the dark wood around. They tried to make this older hotel a bit contemporary. The room was just okay with tiny bathroom that was hard to maneuver around. No convenient outlets, and dated furnitures.I didn't sleep well there. Wall seemed so thin as I could hear everything the room next door was saying or doing from phone calls, TV, to late night flatulence. I also had weird dreams there. Ugh..I was tired when I woke up and it wasn't because I was partying in my room with my lady bug friends.
4	Pros:  Decent location, clean rooms, free wi-fi, updated amenities, pool, fitness center Cons:  Could hear everything through the walls to another room, temperature was difficult to set accurately, with the exception of the Heartland Grill, there are no other restaurants close by.Overall no major complaints, but for a Sheraton I expected more.
5	As a former long time Madisonian back for a visit I had ideas about where I WANTED to stay... The Concourse, The Edgewater etc...but my budget said get it together. I won a bid here at the Sheraton for a great rate on Priceline.The remodel and update is beautiful. It has An excellent fitness center with high-quality equipment and free weights. For our holiday stay, front desk staff was friendly and accommodating of our many requests. The pool area we utilized to get together several of our daughters friends was clean and well-maintained. It was nice and toasty even in chilly December. The showers were nice and hot with good water pressure. The beds were comfortable in the rooms were clean.  Our room was on the sixth floor in the view was lovely.The location is in central Madison and there is a restaurant at the hotel but none outside of the hotel in walking distance. If you like to run or bike there is a trail and several parks near the hotel.Overall we really enjoyed our stay and are happy to come back here again.
5	"Scott Yancey's events are one of the best things I have ever attended. It took my retirement planning from zero to a long-term plan. I now know that by investing in real estate I will see positive returns on my investment for years to come! Thank you Scott and Amie for your remarkable training seminar. Thank you to the trainers who were well prepared and had great resources to assist me along the way. Don't miss out on this event if it is in your area."
4	Good hotel! Friendly staff, the restaurant in the hotel is good too. I wish our shower had more pressure, other than that great place
4	It would have reviewed a 5 star but there was not a free continental breakfast. Other than that, extremely fluffy pillows, comfortable bed. The room was clean, tv could be updated due to streaks on screen while it was on. Nice sized pool, could be a little warmer though considering it was about 10 degrees outside. Hot tub was great and relaxing. Breakfast and room service was way over priced considering its $115+ for a room. A great getaway for an over the night stay.
