4	Kind of forgot about Peppers on the corner of Lady Lawson Street but I was walking by this morning and felt in need of tea and some breakfast. It's a cool little cafe and sandwich bar, selling sandwiches (of course), wraps, baguettes, cakes and drinks. I arrived just as Lisa, the owner was making up today's batch of "Ridiculously Squidgy Brownies". They did look good and I bought one for later. But had a nice breakfast roll and a cup of tea sitting inside out of the rain. It's pretty cheap too given that everything is made fresh in front of you.It's obvious that this is many people's regular breakfast pitstop on the way to work, as many people came in and asked for their "regular" and many were greated by their name. Lisa Boodoo has to be one of the cheeriest and friendliest cafe owners around (she was merrily singing to herself the whole time I was there!).So for a no frills but tasty and healthy breakfast or lunch, this looks like a perfect place.p.s. i had my squidgy brownie at lunchtime and it was all it promised to be!!
4	Peppers was a big hit at the Yelp Winter event, where their brownies went down a storm. On the back of that, I popped along for a visit, the other day, and I was well impressed. They have a good range of freshly made lunchtime favourites. I sampled a particularly well-balanced carrot and rosemary soup, and the wrap I had was packed with flavour.Overall, we said: "I was delighted with Peppers. They run a slick operation, and serve dishes that are high on flavour. I'd gladly go back to sample more of their tasty items, and would suggest that you do, too. I'm confident you'll be as impressed as I was, today."
4	ever since tasting some of the most amazing brownies i'd ever eaten during the winterfall wonderland event, i know i had to find a way to try out peppers sandwich bar!!  over six months ago i still had the memory of the moist, chocolately, just slighty chewy brownies that were just heaven for any cake lover.  so having a rare moment when i'd be in town during lunch time i set my sights on peppers.the shop is a fairly good size, with some room to grab a seat and eat your breakfast or lunch but also a big counter space displaying all the tasty options that are on offer.  i was torn over what to get... the paninis sounded awesome, the cold sandwiches sounded awesome, the brownies were calling to me and i also had to make the decision of what to get the boyfriend on his sandwich!  from the pre-made fridge i grabbed a roll with brie, cranberry, and rocket for myself which was then nice toasted for me.  i got a tuna mayo with salad for the boyfriend and one of the plain chocolate brownies to spilt.  there was also a bottle of water and some orange juice, all coming in under a tenner!  brilliant value :)the sandwiches were very good, i thoroughly enjoyed mine!!  the fillings were generous and the roll was super fresh with some rosemary mixed through it to give it a nice herby flavour.  the tuna sandwich appeared equally satisfying and the brownie.... oh my the brownie!!  just as good as i remembered it.  i only wish i had gotten my own instead of sharing.i am definitely a fan of peppers!  and i hope that i can find another time to grab some lunch there or at least make a visit to get a week's supply worth of brownies :)
2	I had tried their brownies at a Yelp event last year and was excited to try out their other food. The staff were less than interested in the customers. The sandwiches were ok, but nothing exceptional. I can't remember the exact soup that I had, but it was too salty. The brownies are incredible! If I stop here again it will simply be just to get one of the best brownies in Edinburgh. Otherwise, there are much better places for lunch.
