4	Hm... for some reason, I remember the good ol' days when outlets where the past season and extras that a brand didn't sell or had to move to make room for the newest and greatest stuff. Nowadays some brands seem to have a "lower end" brand with stuff manufactured at a lower cost for their outlet stores. Sad sad sad... Seems like Bebe has jumped on that bandwagon.... Their 2b stuff was on sale, but their regular Bebe items were all still at full price. Some how I feel a little gipped. At least I managed to enjoy their 70 degree air conditioning before hauling myself back out in the 110 degree heat!
3	Even though they were featuring really great discounts, I found the stuff at this store to be not of the same quality as the regular Bebe store. Everything in the store reminded of stuff you'll find at Forever 21 stores which is not a good thing.
5	hello, people?! this place is called '2B BEBE'....NOT BEBE....so don't cry when BEBE stuff isnt on sale or the quality of merchandise isn't to the BEBE standands. 2B bebe is their cheaper line....hence cheaper quality. Yea, you might find some stuff that you might see at forever 21...but trust, you're not gonna find it at forever 21...and definitely not with a bebe label on it.  i came here after christmas and i basically emptied my wallet here. BE PREPARED TO DO A LOT OF DIGGING (it gets a little messy during the holidays) and you're gonna walk away a very happy camper. The sales are ridiculous, so your money will go a loonnnggg way. for a crispy bill you can walk away with AT LEAST 10 great items from the sale rack. if this isnt your kind of deal....be my guest and shop at forever 21 with my 13 yr old cousin.
5	When I am in the area, I like to stop by the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. Preferably on a weekday when it is less crowded. 2b bebe is my favorite store here! I have to agree with what Chanel said, this store is not the same as bebe. If you are looking for the same merchandise found in bebe stores at discounted prices, you won't find any of that here. What you will find is cheaper quality products that are specifically made for 2b bebe. I love bebe, but I can't afford to shop there all the time. So 2b bebe is a great alternative for me! I find a lot of great merchandise here, and I like the fact that $50 will buy me 2 tops here in comparison to just 1 top at regular bebe stores. I think the quality of 2b bebe clothes is still better than Forever 21. In my experience, some of the things I purchased at Forever 21 got destroyed after just 2-3 washes. Customer service is sometimes nonexistent. The employees who work on the weekends always seem tired and irritated. But that's understandable since this place is really busy on the weekends! Another time when I stopped in on a weekday, there were two employees standing in the front who were talking about what they did over the weekend and did not bother to greet any customers at all. But that's okay, I don't really expect good customer service at any women's clothing store anyway, LOL!If you are a clubbebe member, you can earn points and redeem your rewards here as well!
5	I love this place! I love Bebe, but I cant afford to buy a ton of stuff there. So, I head over to the 2B store and I am impressed! Today I purchased to "clubbing" dresses for 64 bucks! One was half price and the other was full price. Super cute, great fabrics and I cant wait to wear them!!
2	I love bebe so I would've thought 2b bebe is pretty similar right? I know it's not the exact same quality since the price ranges between those two stores are night and day. I went in on a WEEKDAY NIGHT. Probably 2 hours prior to store closing. Customer service wasn't very good. I only had one associate greet me the entire time while I was there but I think she only asked if I needed any assistance because I was shopping at the section she was folding clothes at.Their layout of their merchandise isn't all that shopper friendly. Most of their clothes are hung on top bars and bottom bars. I'm a short girl (5ft 1in)....good luck to the other short girls trying to reach for items at the top bars. It just doesn't make a good shopping experience while trying to browse/reach for items up top all while having a bunch of other items on my arms at the same time.I made my way towards the fitting rooms and nobody was there to assist me. Or so I thought. A few moments later, an associate emerged from outta nowhere. Watcha doin hiding in the fitting room girl?!?! I know you had to straighten out the go-backs and such but the go-back racks are located in the front of the fitting room anyways. Accessories rack wasn't very appealing either. Bracelets were just thrown in baskets while earrings and necklaces were hung on racks in a messy way. Necklaces were all tangled.All in all, I wouldn't go out of my way JUST to come to this store. If I'm in the area, fine...I'll stop by. But this is definitely a "meh. I've experienced better" kind of store. I was only here because all their tops were 30% off.
4	They get 4 stars because of the service.  All the ladies working here were so friendly and helpful!  There's one lady at the front who greets you and lets you know the deals of the day.  (At the time it was 40% off all dresses. Woo!)  The other ladies ask if you need help looking for stuff or just try to chat with you.  So nice!The reason I took off a star was for the ladies working at the register.  One of them looked up to smile at me, and then looked down and never budged.  The other lady told me to go to another register, where she was very short with me.  She did not smile, she did not talk much except to ask for my phone number, and she did not wish me a good day!  Bebe used to have cute clothes, but recently their style changed.. Hopefully it's not for the better because I haven't been able to find anything that fits me. Anyway, the service here really stood out to me, which is what will keep me coming back!
