5	Serena was amazing with showing us potential homes. I loved that she was willing to drive in Tempe, Chandler, Gilbert, and Mesa. She showed us a couple foreclosures and one short sale. She advised us that short sales could take a few months or longer. We finally decided on a home in Tempe which was near the university with out an HOA that would still rise in value. She was always on time, pleasant to work with, and answered her phone. I loved that we could communicate with quick questions on facebook. Call her she is amazing!
5	Serina is AMAZING!!!!  I've worked with other agents and they don't even compare to her.  She is so bubbly, professional and on top of things.  She gets things done the second they need to be done.  I am beyond happy with the house she helped me purchase.  I won't ever even think of using anyone but her.  So Serina if you see this post you better not plan on retiring,EVER!  The market needs more relators like you.
5	As a first time home buyer and coming from out-of-state I was very nervous about the whole thing so interviewing agents was important to me. Right off the bat I knew Serena was our agent.Due to my own availability and being out-of-state I initially made contact via email. Unlike other agents who were very short and seemingly uninterested, Serena really took the time to get to know my family and learn about our requirements. Needless to say Serena was the obvious choice. She showed the same level of commitment through the whole process and even now after closing. She was always available to answer calls, emails, and text. She wasn't afraid to give her opinion and remind me of things I missed. She is just awesome! If you go with Serena you will not be let down.Bonus: Serena is a super foodie and knows all the best places to eat! Hands down the best!
5	Serena was FANTASTIC and was our WONDER WOMAN when it came to finding our dream house. From the very first meeting where I was skeptical of finding someone online she was able to exceed our expectations by far.  She has a super friendly, causal, no pressure approach and really takes the time and due diligence when it came to researching and looking at each and every house.  She never made us feel pressured and always tried to figure out what was best for us as we learn more and more about what we were and not looking for.  She even attended to our needs while on vacation going the extra mile to plan showings and answer any questions.  She not only help us find our dream house, but she was also able to negotiate a great price and several inspection items for the seller to care for.  If you are looking for a home you found your Realtor right here!
