4	I enjoy shopping at Home Depot when I'm in need of home improvement or home project items.  Today I stopped by this Home Depot, which is usually not too crowded and has Self Service registers.  I knew exactly what I needed, where to go, and was in/out of this store within 7 minutes.....now that's awesome!Will I return?  Absolutely!
2	I had little help today when trying to buy replacement smoke alarms. I finally gave up and walked out the door.  I'll buy from a supplier online.
3	Getting help here is better than at most retailers.  Their inventory control is  terrible, one item I needed more of said they only had one based on the employees scanner and yet there were eight in stock.  I had to go to another Home Depot to find the 20 more I needed.
4	i have to say they have been very helpful in the last few weeks with all our projects sometimes they are a little hard to find someone to help but if i could give five stars to the paint department i would high five to those guys!
4	I give 4 stars because of the self-checkout. I have generally found everything that I needed here for all of my small home repairs, and I have been shopping here for at least 10yrs. The consistent problems that prevent a higher rating: 1) Pricing is rarely accurate. Each time I visit it seems that an item scans the wrong price. They need a better pricing manager. 2) The annoying ringing phones over the loud speaker. 3) The level of expertise in the average sales associate is not near half of what it used to be.
5	If you don't know... Just ask one of their helpful people per department !!
4	We live near this Home Depot so we frequent this location more often then the others.I have to say first and foremost.... I miss the hot dog cart!!!!!! I always enjoyed looking forward to a hot dog and a pretzel on my way out.I do love that when it comes the time of year to plant my garden they have "Bonnie" plants that do real well and if one of your plants were to die they will exchange it no questions asked so long as you have your receipt.Come Christmas time we get our Christmas tree here and the cut, trim and wrap it all up! They even load it into the back of our truck.When inside looking for materials and such for whatever project we are working on there is always someone walking up asking if we need any assistance.The only thing I don't like is the sales people walking up asking me if I want to buy A/C repair and so on so on all this other hoopla. I can totally live with out those annoying people! I know everyone has to do a job but when you are approached several times by different people it makes me want to leave. And when I leave I can't even get a hot dog or pretzel anymore ahh!All in all though we do like this location aside from the couple annoying things :)
4	Its Home Depot, I love this store and the location. pets mart near by , a smiths, gas station and a restaurant. Get it all done in one run
4	Probably one of the most friendly Home Depots for sure.  Everyone is always asking whether or not you need help and when you do need some help looking for something, they seem very much willing and knowledgeable (or am able to find the right person that has the knowledge base).I'm more of a Lowe's fan so this was nice to see from the usual Home Depot staffs in other states where they avoid you and act like they're completely bored.The only thing that keeps this place from being a top-notch place is that they only keep one single register open which is on the far left side (over by the contractors area) and try to get you to use the self-checkout area.  While this is good to keep most of staff helping people in the store, placing the check-out register so far from the self-checkouts is a nuisance when you have larger items since the exit is also on the farthest end of the store.
2	This is our regular Home Depot - and between owning an art gallery and a house, I swear it seems like we are here every two weeks.  From plants to paint - I've usually been able to find what I needed with little hassle. This weekend we stopped in to pick up drain caps for our sprinkler system and replacement toilet seats.  The woman that assisted my husband and I had THE WORST attitude. Unsmiling, unhappy and snotty about answering any of our questions to boot. (A little customer service advice: Honey, when the brand name and SKU number on the shelf tag don't match the product packaging - DON'T act like the customer is the one that's stupid when they check to make sure they're purchasing the correct product). Looks like my allegiance will be changing to the competitor that is a few blocks west - it's closer to my house anyway.  Sorry Home Depot - but with all the competition in the area, you really can't afford to put employees on the floor that act like this.
4	If I had the money I'd enjoy coming here to find supplies to build all sorts of stuff. I built my raised garden beds and went through my carpentry phase at Home Depot stores. The stores are clean, aisles wide, and employees are friendly.  I came here looking for a certain type of tile and they were kind enough to refer me to a competitor when they couldn't help.
3	I am not a huge fan of Home Depot. I came here to get a replacement bulb that Lowes did not have. I feel like this store is really dirty and they just don't really take care of it. The people here are not that friendly and are hard to find when you need help.I am pretty handy and do almost all of the things around my house. I think Home Depot workers like it better when the men come in for help. They always seem to disregard me when I come in and I hate that. So I only come here if it is absolutely necessary. Today was one of those days.
5	I love plants! I had to actually return my black mission fig tree. Home Depot is cool. You can return your plants with a receipt up to a year with no questions asked. Works if you're not the avid gardener. My fig tree didn't die, but the figs tasted gross! ;(
4	Home Depot is the best store if you are involved in home improvments. Home Depot has everything you could need for any project. You can pretty much build a house from the ground up and find all of the material and tools you would need at their store. They also have a great garden center with everything you need for landscaping, gardening, and maintenance.The best thing I like about Home Depot is that they sell Weber Grills. Weber grills are the best out door grills on the market for the money. I also prefer their Behr brand paint when I need to paint. It covers exceptionally well with one coat.
3	I came in for some screening and left with nothing. It was difficult to find help, but when I did they were uncertain and found additional help - that was also uncertain. I'll take half the blame because I did not really know what I wanted either, and they were very nice, professional, attentive (despite a small language barrier). All in all, the experience, was, well, average.Extrapolations: If you know what you want, and this place is convenient, then 4 or 5 stars it is you'll have no trouble! If you don't, maybe Mr. Google should be referenced before visiting, or gamble on a different hardware store, or? ...I don't really know, but good luck!
4	I had to drive to this great location because the home depot near my home did not have the Christmas tree that my significant wanted. I was able to find the tree and what made the experience the best was the actual service that was provided by the cashier very friendly light hearted, overall good experience.
5	#1 Home Depot! Been coming here since it was opened. Always has the supplies when I definitely needed them to fix some issues on homes. The staff is great.
1	Home Depot is like the corrupt motorcycle cops giving speeding tickets here in vegas.They are a necessity, but loathsome. Lots of cheaply made stuff from china, that will probably break as soon as you get home. Several times I have bought stuff from this store which either was broken, or had MISSING PARTS when i opened the box. If you buy anything from this store - CHECK the box to make sure everything is there!!!!Another insult to customers, is the stupid DIY check out line. Too cheap to pay for a few cashiers to help customers. That's what home despot thinks of you: you are unworthy of a $10hr cashier to ring you up and bag your goods.
1	There is never anyone here to help you .The most understaffed store I've been in.Avoid !!Also they never seem to have stock of the stuff you need.
1	It amazes me how HD stays in business.  Employes look dumbfounded when you need to know where an item is. Yesterday I asked a assoc. where an item was located. I had to repeat myself 4 times because he couldn't remember the name of the item I was looking for.  Without fail when shopping there isn't a time that at least one item I'm looking for is always out of stock.
2	Home Depot lost their footing for the average person a long time ago when they obviously started focusing more on the contractor.  As usual I could not get any help even though there was staff around talking to each other.Among other things I bought large bags of potting soil and hefted them onto the cart myself as well as in my car.  No offer for help the entire time I was there.  At checkout I realized I forget something and I knew it was 2 isles over and there was an extra staff person standing there but did they offer to get it for me?  Nope.  I had to hold everything and dash for the item.This is why I primarily shop at Lowe's.  Home depot may be a fraction cheaper but unless Lowe's doesn't have what I need... I would just as soon shop some place more welcoming.
5	I have had only great experiences here so far..I bought a paint sprayer online, and they only one they had in the store was missing the nozzle, so on their own the customer service lady upgraded me to the next model!! $100 more!!Great service!!
4	I'm not sure about the rest of the year, but for Christmas this place is like Man Disneyland!  I've been needing to get a few extra tools to carry in my vehicles.  The specials they had here were very friendly to my wallet.  Screwdrivers, wrenches, leatherman multitools, Oh my!The checkout cashier was very friendly and got me checked out quickly. My friends that went with me for some "White Elephant" shopping had a very hard time picking up an item to gift because everyone ended up buying lots of stuff for themselves. Next time I'm looking for some tools I will be sure to check this store out!
1	I made the mistake of buying some major appliances through Home Depot.  It has been nothing but a long series of problems.  I won't bore you with all of the details, but I will sum it up by saying that even getting a hold of someone in customer service is very difficult. I kept getting passed off to GE, the vendor, who could not help either.  There were issues with them trying to substitute a different model without telling, being out of stock for 3 weeks, but not telling me until the day before scheduled delivery.  Then pushing it back yet another month.  I received phone calls saying one thing that contradicted emails saying another.
