1	It's a sad day when you leave a "bike warehouse" without a bike due to costumer service. We met Nick inside and he was ready to help (as he said). I was very specific about a very inexpensive price range (40-50 dollars). I had seen ads on craigslist for their store for bikes in this price range. Nick said, "all those bikes are out here" - meaning in the back outside. For about 45 minutes of testing those out, I had decided on one particular bike. The price was then quoted at 100.00 and Nick said it was a mistake for that bike to be placed outside. Okay. Fair enough, there were about a dozen other bikes that I was shown that fell into my requested price range. After a few more test drives, I found another one and said I liked it. Their price for this bike, 200.00, and again was mistake for it to be outside. Nick kept placing calls to "the banker" and apparently had no authority to sell a bike without speaking to someone off-site. It was very disappointing and we ended up leaving the store with a bad taste in our mouths.
2	This place gave me the run around from the start. This place tries to sell you broken, rusted bikes for well more than they are worth just by spraying WD-40 all over them (Very bad for bearings!) Customer service was very bad and I had to leave. I'm giving it two stars because the concept of the place is cool and I truly hope others have a better experience there.
5	Rob and his staff have provided our family with excellent service for getting all of our bikes in excellent running condition!  We exchanged one bike and the staff was very helpful in guiding us toward a bike that was suitable for our 11 year old.  I also brought in my vintage Cannondale MTB for some upgrades. I am extremely pleased with the new components and upgrades that were put on my bike.  The great features of the bike were enhanced and the weaknesses were addressed with excellent replacement components.  The new feel of the bike is superb and the look is outstanding!We will return for all of our future bike needs.  We love the concept of the store and are excited to have an alternative to overpriced bike shops that undervalue great "old" bikes just to get you to purchase a new product.  We are pleased to recommend Rob to anyone who is looking to service, upgrade components, or purchase a bike.
5	"The guys are great! Want a good deal go see them for great used bikes. I would recommend them to my friends and family. Thanks guys! Shaun I bought a bike for my son Chris... Free Agent."
5	It looks like I had a lot better luck than the previous two reviewers. I traded in my bike which was in pretty poor condition and the younger employee helped me out with suggestions based on my price range. I ended up buying a road bike. It's nothing super nice but I love it. It rides great. I've had it for about 2 months now. Also, the second day when a tube popped I brought it back to them and they replaced it for free. Also the mechanic explained some things to me that I didn't know about bikes. Overall, very helpful with good service not run by greed.
5	Great service and an awesome business. Used bikes without the head ache. 30 day warranty plus a trade in program. I bought two bikes from bicycle exchange and couldn't be happier.who trys to buy a bike for $50 bucks and expects quality and a warranty?
4	I got a great used bike, and though it wasn't sale-ready when they showed it to me initially, they had it fixed up in about 2 hours for a very reasonable price (they estimated 1 hour). They seem to be two guys working in a shop that could use 5 or 6 employees, so things went a little slow and they weren't super-organized, but they do a great job with the resources they have and seem to truly care about doing things right and making their customers happy.
5	These people saved my bike. I probably would have given up on restoring it had they not been there to help. I have to say I would have appreciated better communication (letting me know my bike wasn't yet ready when I went to pick it up at the scheduled time...twice). Also, note that they only take cash, so bring some with you! But the work was excellent, and the people are honest, reasonable and happy to help. Thank you!
5	bought a bike yesterday, customer service was great, they answered all my questions and helped get me onto a bike in my range.  will definitely recommend to anyone i know in need of a bike
5	I wandered in to the store just as they were closing, and rather than shoving me out the door, these guys were happy to help me find the perfect bike. They even went to their second store to get just the bike that I needed. The service was excellent, and they truly went above and beyond. Bicycle Exchange is an incredible concept and has amazing prices/quality. Thanks, I will definitely be a repeat shopper!
4	Great place to get a used bike!
5	I am very inexperienced when it comes to bikes. I have been to many stores in town and i thought this was the best. They spent a long time teaching me about the different types of bikes and what i really needed. I think i might have tested, took for a ride,  7 or 8 bikes before i made a selection. They were extremely nice. They have no new bikes but i was not in that price range so I think i made the right decision. Check it out
5	My son owes a fixie (he got from another local store) and he talked me into getting one. I went to see these guys, they have two locations, they did not have want I was looking for at the universality location, they sent me up the street to the 311  S. McClintock rd. Tempe, AZ  location. They were very helpful. They tried to talk me out of buying a fixie bike, they did not think it was a good fit for me. Of course I did not listen, after 2 rides on that bike I was ready to return it. I returned the bike within a week and they were more than willing to take it back and upgrade me to something else. After about 40 minutes of looking and testing I decided to buy a hybrid bike with is want they suggested in the first place.  They have a good selection of  new and used road and mountain bikes. They have lots of brand new fixie bike with many  color schemes. I would recommend this store to anyone.
4	We stopped by during their anniversary celebration to peruse their selection of bikes, as I'd been in the market for a cruiser for quite a while, but had yet to find the right bike.After looking around for a bit, we better explained to the guy helping us what I was looking for.  There were a couple bikes they had there that I liked, but I wasn't loving them and they were a bit out of my price range.  He remembered an Electra they had at their other location and quickly pulled up a photo of it.  He also offered to retrieve it from the other site and bring it here for me to check out.We headed out to run some errands, giving them time to bring the bike over.  When we returned, the bike was there, all ready for me.  A beautiful matte-finish magenta Electra.  My self proclaimed bike genius boyfriend checked it out, and was pleased with everything.  While he fiddled around checking out bikes for himself, I quickly paid, fearing they'd change their mind and not let me leave with this gem!!The Yelp reviews are mixed, but I had a great experience and have since recommended Bike Exchange to friends.
5	My husband and I were interested in starting Mountain Biking and were wondering what kind of bikes to go with and just had general questions. So first I went to Tempe Bicycle.....big mistake! The guy told me that I didn't know if I even liked it and I shouldn't buy and bike and to come back later when I knew what I wanted. I said ok, and headed over to Bicycle Exchange. The owner happily asked all my questions, told me what each type of bike had to offer and gave me a few exceptions. I went home did a bit of research on the different bikes he suggested. The next day I went back and bought myself and my husband a new bike, he gave us a great deal, too! We've been out several times now and multiple trails in the Valley, and we couldn't be happier!!! The bikes handle great and have been a really great investment. I totally recommend going here. The owner will answer any questions without making you feel like an idiot (unlike other tempe bike shops ;) ) I will definitely be back for an bike needs we have.
3	It was hard to give this place a review.  Here's my story: (the juicy part is half way down)My GF wanted to buy me a road bike to get me into road biking.  I had always been into mountain biking but wanted a "get around town" bike too.  She ended up buying me a used "all original" bike from AZ Bike Exchange for 500$.  The bike looked great, except for the pink break cables, but they assured me they would change them before the Tour De Fat the following weekend.I went to pick up the bike the day before the Tour De Fat and saw they had done no work.  No big deal, its peak season for them and Tour De Fat is a big deal for the bike community.  My bike ended up getting damaged during the Tour which was no fault of their own.  When I took the bike back to get fixed it took 1 month of hounding and several trips before the bike was finally close to being ready to be picked up.  a couple of weeks later I picked up the bike.Here's where the fun begins!I take the newly repaired bike out for a test ride and almost get hit by a F150 because when I go to turn left at an intersection the handlebars go left BUT THE FRONT TIRE DOES NOT.  That's right ladies and gentlemen, they didn't even bother to tighten the headset.  And that wasn't all.  They took my quick release and rear break light (I was told these didn't belong on a "classic" bike).  After almost dieing on the bike, I decided to give it another go.  After about 10 miles, the right pedal fell off because the threads were stripped.  Back to the shop I go... again.At this point I have made about 10 trips to the shop and rode about 20 miles on the bike in ~2 months.  I told them about the pedal and they said no problem we will just re-thread it.  Knowing this was impossible but not interested in arguing I left.  3 weeks later I called them about the bike.  They said "no one called you?  You need a new crank arm because we can't re-thread it"...  At this point I was done with the bike.  Too many problems and not enough saddle time.  I said I wanted to trade in.  Here starts chapter 2...I came in to their shop to see their trade ins.  The first thing that happens when I walk in the door is I say how much the bike I bought was.  The shop guy tells me "well I hope you have the receipt because you say 500 maybe he (the owner) says you bought it for 400".  WHAT?!  Shady....The first bike I was showed was a bright purple which I was coming around to until one of the shop guys came by and laughed at me and said "Purple huh?!"  On to the next bike...The next bike I looked at had a cracked and repaired frame.  Not that they told me it had a repaired frame, which I have to think was intentional.  I looked at some more bikes and didn't find anything I liked so I left again.   Next time I arrived they said the would sell me a "custom hand built frame" (fetish cycles) and put a bike together for me.  That went nowhere.  Oh, did I mention they made my GF cry 2 times by now because of their blatant lies (like, "these pedals only cost us like 2 dollars", "woah what a deal on this bike", "this fetish cycle frame sells for 500$", etc.)?  No?  Well they did...I will spare you all more details here, but after another 3-5 trips I get a hold of the owner who is the only reason this place isn't getting a 1 star.  He told me of a nice bike I could come look at.  I came by and found the bike was exactly as described.  It was in good shape, clean, and was priced 1000$.  He took my full price for my trade and lowered the price on the bike to 750$ tax included.  I left that day and have been riding the bike ever sense without any issues.  Rob is a great person to deal with.  Do not, under any circumstance, attempt to buy a bike without dealing with him.  The people he employes are unprofessional liars.  Do not take a bike here for repairs.  Do shop here for a deal on a used bike.  Just know what you are looking for and appropriate pricing before you go.  Summary:Rob is a good guy to deal with.The people in the shop are greasy car salesmen and will lie to your face.The people who do the repairs do not check their work.The people in the shop do not call you, you have to stay on top of them.They have a lot of bikes to choose from so you can probably find what you are looking for.
5	These guys rock.I traded in my street bike to buy the boyfriend a bike since he didn't have one at all. I came in and dropped the bike off and the guy there that day told me he would have his boss get in touch with me about the trade in amount. I explained my surprise for the boyfriend and he took notes and the next day the boss called me with the amount which is exactly what I was expecting.On Saturday, we drove on down, boyfriend still didn't know and we were greeted by Dan. Really awesome guy. He was super helpful and made the process easy. He actually steered us towards a better bike that was the same price as one of the others we were looking at and gave us the reasons why. He them explained how the business works and the paperwork that goes along with it and why it takes a while (ultimately its off of a pawnbrokers license so they have to track the bikes and exchanges differently). This was all cool and fine with us but Dan felt the need to apologize which he totally didn't need to. Business is business!Dan really made the experience awesome for us and was really personable so I was happy we got to work with him.If we ever need a bike again, I will totally come back to these guys. I think its such a good deal and they really strive to be fair with their pricing.
5	I seriously have had the best experiences!!! Both times that I have bought bikes here I have been helped by very friendly and very helpful people. They are so eager to get you the best deal and the best bikes. I am so happy and will certainly go back!!!!
5	The guys at the bicycle shop are great! The offered honest and professional advice and we made a fair trade on the bicycle I traded in. If you need tune ups powder coat or anything go to them first thanks guys!!!!! I would defenity come back for parts and service.
5	Bought a used gaint St.  Rode it for three weeks had a few problems.   Took it back they fixed everything under their 30 day warranty no questions asked.
5	This is a great shop.  I really like the guys who work here. Rabbi Andrew Michael Doohan and I went here to buy him a hybrid. More than accommodating, they helped us out with anything we needed. The rabbi bought a bike at a very decent price. We walked out of the store and notice that the front tire was having a significant issues. When I look at it again there was some significant dry rot and I started to get a little bit angry.We brought the bike back to the shop not 30 seconds after buying it, and we showed them the issue... The guys were more than helpful. They put brand new tires on both the front and the back wheel , and sent us on our way. (After a heavy discussion of used and vintage video games). After a good ride at home we might have noticed a couple more issues, but I'll explore them a little more during their generous 30 day warranty and exchange policy... If I don't end up revising this review, everything turned out perfectly. TLDR: Great selection of used bikes. Friendly flexible staff. Great policy when it comes to used bikes. I'll recommend all my friends to get their bike work done here as long as they continue to impress.
5	With the string of gorgeous weather recently, I found myself in dire need of a bike to cruise my daughter to the park with and a 29er to hit trail the plethora of desert trails with, and these guys delivered a SMOKING deal on two bikes last week.  Thanks a million!In an attempt to avoid buying more cheap shit from China I wanted to buy a few USED bikes, however my craigslist karma cosmically sucks for some reason and I had such trouble locating good used bikes free from deceit and general douche-baggery.  These guys are the real deal.  Down to earth and straight forward.  Great used bikes (and some new) at fair prices, and don't be afraid to haggle a little.
5	Thank you Danny!You have earned yourself a customer for life. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for good quality product followed up with quality service.Thanks again!
5	I was looking for a 3G for my gf and I for the past week. I went to this bike shop and they gave me the best deal in the city. I had looked everywhere too. The staff was amazing to deal with and very knowledgable. I also had a flat tire the same day and they definitely took care of me. Thanks for the amazing service
3	Cheap and fast tune ups. Some of the staff are nice but some kinda make you feel dumb like when I went to get my clamp size measured so I can get some new handlebars the guy just looked at it not even measuring it and says "oh its a 26" and I was like really? Whatever so I went to Dominique 2 wheeler and there people looked and actually measured and told me its 25.4. I was pissed because I order my parts online.what if I believed him and just ordered it, waited days to get it and to turn out it was the wrong size and still waste more time to return it. So I went back and told him whats up and he apologized but still you know wth. But other then that there still the cheapest and fastest.
5	I was looking for a bike for a couple of months before I came across this place. I bought a bike for a great price, they made sure it was tuned up and changed the seat for me at no charge the owner even sold me his own personal phone holder that is attached to the handle bars. I will be back.
1	So I took my son into this shop earlier it's a really nice shop a lot of excellent parts very quick estimates for fixing my son's bike at a very fair price, all though I did have 2 major problems with one of the young mechanics named Glen who was working on my son's bike. First he looked stoned out of his mind,  2nd he was very rude and impolite to my son when he was just asking for advice and asking what kind of "set up"  the young man has on his bike,  he had the audacity of calling him a few names and telling him that what he was talking about was gay and stupid,  my son is 14 years old and very polite and well mannered and does not deserve to be talked down at all. My son and I will not be returning to this store due to the poor management of employee moral values. That is not how you treat a customer, let alone a child! Very disappointed in this shop.
2	I found this company to be very unprofessional. They were disorganized and did not have set prices on anything in the store. One of the employees' wives was hanging out in the lobby, on Facebook and eating lunch. As there were only two employees working, we were forced to wait 35 minutes for them to finish with another customer. One of the employees had to constantly consult with the other in regards to pricing. All in all, I had a less than pleasing experience and I can't even honestly say that I got a good deal on my bike. Next time, I plan on trying Tempe Bicycle.
