5	Amazing new yoga studio. Cute clothes and yummy coffee and tea! So happy to have this on the westside
5	Good vibes. Great atmosphere! Was welcomed from the jump and was very comfortable during my visit. Ignite Yoga really made it easy getting out of my comfort zone and will plan on attending again in the near future, due to their reasonable membership fees. Had a blast! Namaste!
5	I came into Ignite on Black Friday for their special...2 weeks for $10...and did their complimentary BF practice as well.  Basically...I was hooked from the get go!  The studio itself is insanely cozy and kept at a nice temperature so that you get warmed up quickly without breaking right into a sweat.  That comes a few minutes later.  I've now practice with 3 yogis there and every single one of them is incredible at what they do.  They are very knowledgeable and know exactly what to do when it comes to coming over and helping you move into a pose or use props to go deeper into poses or stretches.  In the week I've been going, I've already learned a whole lot more than I did at my local gym.  I can already see more progress.  The restorative yoga is especially amazing because of all the props that are available.  I never thought it would be my thing, but Ignite has done an amazing job at making a place for everyone of all levels and wants.  My favorite part of all is the use of the essential oils at the end of each practice while we are all laying in savasana.  The oils are actually made by Eva's (the owners) mom locally.  They smell fantastic and really make me sink that much deeper into my relaxation.  Their tea bar also has some very delicious local teas as well as some locally made wares.  Definitely check it out before or after your practice.  Ignite has my vote!
5	I have been going to ignite yoga since the first week in October. Eva and her husband welcomed me and made me feel right at home there. I have struggled to find a "GOOD" yoga studio on the west side of town for the past 14 years. Ignite has it all without a pretentious vibe. Warm (both literally and figuratively), inviting, everyone who works there, either as a teacher or admin is friendly and makes you feel like you belong there. As for the classes, what can I say? I've been to almost every type of yoga class there is.... Ignite's philosophies seem based mainly in ashtanga, but cater to just about every need there is. I always leave there sweaty and sore, which is a good thing to me! Expect to get a great workout from every teacher there! I am so happy to finally have a yoga studio I can call home in my part of town. It's been a long time coming and I hope to be going here for a very very long time!
5	Awesome Yoga studio, awesome instructors and staff!  There is also a great variety of classes offered along with kid classes!  Highly recommend!
5	Super friendly staff!  They make beginners feel welcome and get you centered before your big day!
5	Love this studio! So cozy and always feels like I'm at home. I'm so excited for the 40 day challenge! Such amazing energy comes from everyone here!
5	I love Ignite yoga.  The teachers are knowledgeable,  helpful, intuitive,  & well known.  Beginners should have no reservations,  the staff is warm and welcoming. Advanced students will be challenged. I highly recommend.
