5	My wife and I had a great experience with Marne at Love and Light Birthing, are so thankful for what we learned, and the help in bringing our little girl Charlie into the world!  We learned a lot about birthing, overcoming fear and misconceptions, what we were capable of, and the value in bringing our daughter into the world in a calm peaceful way.  Thank you!
5	Marne at Love and Light Birthings had such a positive and powerful impact on the birth of my son. My husband and I attended her Hypnobirthing course and we were so grateful to learn all of the useful information and techniques. With help from all we learned we were able to bring our son peacefully into the world without any medical interventions. I also attended Marnes prenatal yoga classes. She is accommodating to all yoga levels and her classes were always relaxing yet challenging. I would always leave her Hypnobirthing and yoga class feeling so empowered and confident. Marne has such a loving and genuine personality and is truly passionate about what she does.
5	To be honest, I was skeptical with the notion of a "natural birth" process.  In my life, up until I met my wife's family, I had the idea that some sort of medical intervention during child birth was "natural."  When my wife and I found out we were having our first baby (which by the way he is awesome), I was in for a massive change on my thoughts and education towards birthing.  My wife made it clear we were going "natural" and were going to use the hypno approach to labor and birth.  Obviosuly, being pregnant and soon to be parents was a life changer.  We were rookies in this new world and needed a coach.  We were more than blessed to find Marne.  Her approach to hypno training and education were exactly what we, and specifically I, needed.  Spending time with her one on one made our education more personal and thus more beneficial to us.  Her own birthing experience, teaching ability and knowledge of hypno-birthing make her more than credible as a coach.  Yet it is her sweet and caring nature that sets Marne apart.  She is understanding and flexible with you and your time.  I credit Marne with changing my views on natural birth, and making our birthing experience that much more special.C Kennedy (First time Dad)
5	I cannot recommend Marne enough ! I took prenatal yoga with her during my pregnancy and every time I was going to her class, I would leave zen, relax, happy and in harmony with my body !Even though pregnancy can be hard sometimes, every single time I was having a class with Marne, I knew she would relieve the stress, the tension and the anxiety that goes along with pregnancy.  I also took hypnobirthing classes with her and it was an amazing experience !!!!!She touched my husband as much as myself and we both left this 5 weeks classes empowered by her knowledge and experience regarding natural birth.
