5	We are there all the time.  Cannot keep away from this great restaurant.Don't be fooled by the name this is FINE ITALIAN DINING. Recently stopped by for a 5 course diner with appropriate wine selections ( all Italian) .  YUMMMEE. Great food, wine and company! Great evening......couldn't have asked for a better experience.
3	We here last night for the first. Thought I'd post my 2 cents.We had a reservation for 7:30, which was nice since I got there a little early and heard people without reservations being told there was about a 1/2 hour wait. There were 4 of us, and since it was our first time there, we decided to all try something different so we could share.We started out with ceasar salad and vegetable salad, both were very good. Tip: they are not big enough for sharing..We got two salads for each couple to share. We wished we had each ordered our own salad.For the entress we ordered:1. Salsiccia Pancetta Pizza - This pizza was very good and very tasty. It is really worth ordering if you like a mix of flavors2.  Pollo Carciofo - This is a white pizza with pesto and chicken as the main ingredients. Not very tasty. Actually pretty pretty bland and the chicken was almost non-existent. They actually should take the word "chicken" out of the title, as the few little pieces that were on there felt like they were tossed on as an afterthought.3. Amaro Cioppino - This actually was very good. The sauce had a surprising spicy kick to it.4. Pappardelle Bolognese - This was actually the funniest thing we ordered. The waiter described it as an "outstanding" dish. There was nothing outstanding about it. It was just "ok". It was pasta with a very bland meat sauce that you could get at any lower end pasta place for 1/2 the price.For dessert we ordered tiramisue and the chocolate cheesecake. Both were just average. Both were commercial grade and I'm sure not made on the premises, but brought commercially and delivered in. Neither had that taste you'd expect of freshly prepared in house pastries.The service. This is something they really need to work on. Our waiter although very nice, had no clue about table waiting.We waited a really long time for our salads to come out. When they did, we notices no condiments on the table. We had to ask for pepper and then wait till the waiter came back with a pepper mill...No urgency on his return. Never offered to put salt and pepper on the table. So you only get one shot at getting pepper or salt on your food.When the food came out, the pizzas were brought out first and we waited about 5 minutes for the other 2 pasta entrees to come out. The kitchen needs to coordinate their food better so tables are served in their entirety not piecemeal where the initial food served is cold before the rest comes out. Again, there was no sense of urgency on this. Again, we had to ask for pepper when the food came out. You'd think he would have had it with him this time,but No. Again we had to wait for him to return with a pepper mill.One of my friends asked for some bread with his pasta when we placed our order. It actually made it to the table just as he was finishing his meal. We think the waiter forgot and overheard us talking about it. And they had the audacity to charge for it...Can you believe it?When we got our coffee, there was no silverware on the table, again we had to wait for him to return with some for the coffee and dessert. I know that this might be just a tad picky, but I really detest when restaurants don't have the proper silverware. We were given big round soup spoons to eat tiramisu and cheesecake with.All in all the food was good, but they really need to work on the wait service and the kitchen coordination.We will give them another shot.
4	"Just had the salmon it was delicious. Excellently seasoned cooked perfectly. My friends ordered the short ribs... Very good. The pizza is way cheap on the cheese. Lost a star on that one.Ambiance & service was most pleasant. We'll be back!"
1	Had a bad experience here. Firstly, I ordered the pizza which looked fantastic but had zero flavor. Zero. There was literally no flavor. I very nicely said this to the waitress when she asked. I was offered something else so I ordered gnocchi which was good. The sauce was underwhelming but not bad. My husband got steak which was cut in medallions. It was good, nice flavor and cooked just right. Pricey for the portion but good. Would order again good. Here's the rub; I would have been willing to try Amaro again had it not been for the classless way the owner handled the fact that I didn't care for the pizza. She came to the table for all of 3 seconds and then charged us $8.00 for the pizza because we "ate a piece."  Given that I didn't ask to replace the pizza and was never told about the charge until the bill came it just hit me as rude. I paid $8 for one PC of flavorless pizza. And the general attitude shift after I was honest about not liking it. And btw I was nice about it. Really nice about it because it was just bland for me. Someone else may like it just fine. It's not so much the money as the rude service. I don't mind paying for a nice meal. But part of that is service. Can't support this place.
3	Cave Creek is certainly not a foodie's paradise.  Old town CC is a tourist trap, and Scottsdale Road offers very little.  In the residential area of Tatum Ranch where thousands of husband, wife, plus two kids abound, Amaro's is the only real dining experience that is accessible.  And thank goodness it delivers.  The interior is a bit flawed.  They could benefit from having an interior decorator redesign the dining room entirely so it doesn't feel like a recycled restaurant that spent a little money on a paint job and some re-upholstering.  The space just feels weird.  But, the cuisine benefits from the fact that you will be hard pressed to find a worthy competitor within shouting distance.  The pizza is actually very very good.  The crust is top notch and their red sauce is bright and fresh.  The Caesar comes up short, with not nearly enough dressing.  It coulda been a contendah...They do this cool thing with kids where they give out small samples of dough to play around with while awaiting the food.  All in all, this restaurant stands out because it is:- good quality food- the only choice in the neighborhood
