4	Ordered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square.   It wasn't super fast but wasn't unreasonable (45mins) and the pizza was so good that I ended up eating way more than I intended.  Not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese, sauce, dough, and toppings.
4	They don't deliver to me anymore, moved to Lawrenceville.  However, their pizza is good, not too greasy, not too dry.  Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings.  They have awesome house rolls, I'm partial to the spinache and feta house rolls.  They are SO delicious.  Pretty cheap.  The delivery time is kind of long, but they are open late, and I love that.
2	Meh. I've ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that I haven't had pizza from this place yet!Their steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about, but a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.The seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter I couldn't quite eat it; I'm wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was, it was gross. The shrimp weren't that good either, suffering as they did from that certain "I taste like iodine" flavor.The advantage to R&B is that they're open reasonably late, given the location, but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up, but just for you, Yelpers, I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive).
4	The pizza here is great. I always pick up a pizza when i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza.
4	This was the first place we tried after moving to Bellevue, and over a year later, we still order almost weekly.  Their staff is really friendly, delivery always quick (or  at least doesn't ever take longer than the estimated time given), and food is delicious.  Five stars for the staff and the food, but four stars because I wish they had better specials.
4	I stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15 minute wait until it was ready.  Since I only had a general idea of where it was located I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to Lincoln Ave.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating, not that this is a bad thing.Pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese, crust and sauce.  This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me.  The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile (strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano?) coming through it.  The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which I loved.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes "You get what you pay for" and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza.
5	Get the white pizza with bacon. You're life will never be the same. Never had a bad experience ordering from R&B's.
