5	Wow. Awesome Greek cuisine  Terrific Gyros.  Only open for lunch Wed, Thu, and Fri.  Unassuming place,  counter service, no tables.  Super friendly.  Great grocery selection to browse while you wait on your order.
4	Wow. Awesome food.counter service only wed-Fri. Super friendly staff. Great grocery selection.
4	Between my first and second visits, this store was expanded and brightened up and it was even more fun to shop the second time.  Great deals on their label of extra-virgin olive oil, roasted peppers,dried tomatoes plus an amazing selection of olives and cheeses.  They sell the best pita bread I have even eaten- Kontos hand-stretched gyro bread.  I'm almost out of the stock I bought this past spring, and will be returning for a mega-purchase again soon.  :)  I just wish that this store were closer!
4	While working on the job, one can get hungry. Man hungry and the thing about man hungry is this...greek yogurts and hot pockets can't light that flame if you get me. You'll need something more heavy duty, something that gets in deep, really gets the engines revving. For that you will need Salonika. Oh what's that you say? You are working all day on making sure some steel pipeline is put into the ground, well then friend...I have the place for you. We are talking, 12 cylinders of man meat sledgehammered into what they call a gyro. Spices so sensational, you will have Bob Vila jealous at your home taste bud improvements. The best part about this man meal is that it's man cheap. This will allow you to spend your real money on lifting your truck, roofing your house or just plain old football, man style. I give this place a manly 4 out of 5.  Don't forget to bring this man meal home or eat in your car because this place doesn't have seating but that's okay...because real men don't sit...they stand tall.
5	The people who work here are fantastic, wonderful attitudes, genuinely care about your day and shopping experience. They also have an awesome olive selection. I got some awesome frozen veggie Phyllos and love their frozen section!
