2	The only reason I gave this two stars... Is the fact it is open all night.My husband and I arrived in Las Vegas much later than we intended (due to a dead battery!) so by the time we checked into Circus Circus we were famished. We were under the assumption Las Vegas was one of those 24/7 kind of towns and were shocked at how much was closed. We found the Pizzaria and were so relieved SOMETHING was open. The pleasure stops there. We ordered a 10 inch pesto pizza and it was awful. First off, the only thing pesto about it was the fact there were full pine nuts on it. Otherwise all I tasted was garlic. Everything garlic. Now I love garlic but not when it's the only flavor.The crust wasn't too bad and tasted reasonably fresh (no frozen) but the toppings were a disaster. Take it from me, if its late... Find a McDonald's. This location was a disappointment.
2	Meh!We ordered this for room service and they messed up our whole order, but we were already so fed up with this hotel we took what we got and ate.....the food was ok....if you like chuck e. cheese pizza.the salad was gross and we asked for ranch and got Italian.My son and dad loved it....thats the only reason for 3 stars
3	The BBQ chicken tasted a little too much like BBQ chicken and had me forget that I was eating a pizza. It was DRENCHED in BBQ sauce and had me regretting that me and my boyfriend ordered it. I had already ordered mild chicken wings as a appetizer and was actually wanting a pizza =(Let me add that another couple was sitting near us and asked how the BBQ chicken pizza was and we had to tell the truth - "order something else".They have a soda fountain available so you don't have to wait for your server to refill your drink for you. I guess it can be a hassle to get up to refill your drink though when it needs to be refilled so I guess it's all about how you look at it.Our server though was skimpy on the napkins and ranch. My boyfriend asked for more ranch and she gave us just ONE MORE PACKET. I guess I'm just use to being given several servings of ranch, but that's just me.The only good thing I can deduct from this place is that it is open 24 hours. That didn't really have an effect on me since I live in Las Vegas, but I guess it would be more convenient to anyone staying at Circus Circus wanting to get a late night bite.
3	Decent price. Large portions. Free refills. Good taste.Nice variety. On the casino floor so don't have to go far to play after you eat. They offer to-go as well so that's cool! We will eat here again. We got in late tonight after long day at Grand Canyon and driving so was tired. This place was quick and easy so worked out.
