5	Wow! That's what I have to say about their "Hot" sauce, Wow! I can't get enough of it. Whatever sauce is left after the wings, I dip the bomb-ass breadsticks in. Yummy Yummy Yummy. They have great specials and the girl that usually answers the phone is super nice.
4	Their Chicago-style pizza is delicious with chunks of seasoned tomatoes and gooey cheese nestled inside. Their other pizzas are quite tasty as well. Delivery is quick and easy. I can't speak to the authenticity of their Chicago pizzas, but I'll be returning many a time to Little Chicago's.
2	I USED to love Little Chicago's.  When I first moved here, it was the only pizza I knew, and the only I cared to know.  The pizza is deliciously cheesy and greasy; which is perfect for a late night slice of pizza.But now that I've tried the likes of Pizza Sola and Blue Grotto; Little Chicago's doesn't seem quite as tasty. Nevertheless, I wanted a pizza delivered tonight, so I called Little Chicago's.  At 11:30, on a Thursday night.  That doesn't seem like a tall order for a pizza joint that delivers.  But the phone call I just experienced would suggest otherwise.  The girl that answered the phone seemed...perplexed.  Why...what...where....do you want a pizza delivered???  It seemed a foreign concept.  Really?   I know that every time I've been in there, the employees have been in an alternate state of being...but seriously.  So much so that you forget you're working in a delivery pizza joint!?  It was really disconcerting to call a pizza place at 11:30 on a Thursday night (a Monday night, maybe?) and catch them off guard and confused about an order as simple as "large pepperoni, delivered".
5	This pizza is amazing. I cannot speak for the authenticity and all of that, but good pizza is good pizza. The deep dish is what you need to get. I can't even eat a small in one sitting and I am a pretty big eater.The inside of the place is a dive. You can eat in but it's got the feel of a take out place mostly, for instance, you have to get your soda at a pop machine inside. But yeah, the pizza is quite phenomenal. If you get the deep dish. DOWN SIZE. It will fill you up fast.
1	First things first, "Chicago" style pizza is not pizza, it's a gimmick. Some restauranteur came up with a gimmick and it caught on. Is it Italian? Even New York Pizza isn't considered true Italian. Thin dough, olive oil, fresh tomato, whole milk or buffalo mozzarella, and fresh basil. That's a true Italian gem.Let's dissect a Chicago pizza, why does the crust taste like biscuit dough? 'Nuff said. Sausage between the layers of dough? So you steam the sausage? Sounds disgusting when you think about it. Fresh tomato and any other topping and a sprinkle of romano on top. Basically a Chicago style pizza is a quiche, minus the eggs of course. It's American, and Chicago can have it.Four stars for little chicagos regular pizza!
1	I Am Former New Yorker So I Know My Pizza. My Husband & I were walking on the Southside We decided to go to Gennaro's for dinner. He ordered 3 slices Xcheese & pep. And I order a Seafood Fettachini Dish. Well the pizza was layered w/ burnt sauce and dry cheese the seafood stuff was over cooked noodles watery sauce and old under cooked shrimp. They did give me a refund for the seafood & a homeless guy outside got the other 2 slices. Restaurant was sticky/dirty & out of date. Girl behind counter that took the order looked high on something. Avoid this place the locals say try Sal's.
5	We call this place "Secret Pizza" because of how amazing it is and how hard it is to find when you're shitcanned. But it's our Secret Pizza, and we love it no matter what. Hoes down, G's up.
4	Tried this place based on Yelp reviews for a recent lunch.  We decided to try both the Chicago style and regular pizzas.  I will say both of these pizzas were very good.  Delivery was fast and the pizza arrived hot.  Will definitely be back.
3	I was not too impressed with Gennaro's. I had a slice of the regular cheese. The crust was a thinner, NY style in consistency and texture, yet did not have the crispness necessary to make the crust good. The cheese was decent and the sauce was a little on the sweet side. It was not a bad slice of pizza, just not very good. I wish I would have known to get the deep dish. It looks really good.
2	The service was so bad  i almost walked out. Two young girls were on a computer didn't say hi just stood there at the counter and waited for us to order. They had a miserable demeanor and kept saying to one another "i can't wait to leave " this is annoying to me as a customer and not professional. I will not go back if the two miserable girls are working. Food was good. They need to hire less whiney unappreciative people.
4	So I wanted delivery in the SouthSide and I was done with Dominos and Pizza Hut.  Lucky for me in my mailbox was a menu for Gennaro's Pizza & Pasta.    I remember stopping into this place after the bar one night a few weeks ago and ordered a feta and spinach slice.  I remember it being fairly priced and oh so good.  Anyways I wanted delivery.  I called up and the girl on the other end of the phone was so nice.  I had a few questions and she had no problem answering them for me.  I had a coupon for a pizza, wings, and a 2 liter.  I ordered wings with just wing dust on them.  A half extra cheese..half pepperoni pizza.  Pizza was soooooo good.  I must admit the extra cheese side was so much better than the pepperoni side.  Wings.  Split whole wings.   I loved the "dust" that was on them.  It was too spicy for my kids but I LOVED it!  I think these wings could have been better if they breaded them first.  The Ranch dressing that came with these wings tasted like it was the homemade type.  Delivery was 45mins.   Food was super super super HOT when it came.  Delivery driver was nice.  Well after writing this review....I think I am going to go order some Gennaro's!  I wonder if anyone has tried their pastas?
1	I am restraining myself from so many expletives but this place is effing horrible. The customer service is the worst I have ever experienced.  Don't ever ever ever ever order from here unless u want rude service, complete waste of money, cold food, high prices.
1	Late at night and hungry, I discovered the Cambodian place down the street is a cash-only business. I chose this place because it was the only restaurant on the block with an open kitchen (many kitchens close at 10PM). Desperate times called for desperate measures, and I really should have taken the time to research a better restaurant.I ordered a seafood deluxe pasta dinner and chicken noodle soup. I was told it would take 10 minutes but it really took 30 minutes. I had planned on eating inside, but since it took so long, I asked for the meal to-go instead. By the time I got my food, I was pretty exasperated. The knot tying the bag was too tight, so I was unable to check the food; this meant I left without ensuring a fork was inside.The food was very bad. I have no other way to put it. The pasta was completely tasteless. I know there was imitation crab in the pasta dish, but I can't decipher what else there was; I ate less than 10 bites. The soup was terrible, and I only had a few sips. The broth looked like Campbell's chicken noodle soup (except it looked like the same noodle as the pasta), but tasted saltier. The salad looked quite plain (seen better salads in an airport), but without a fork, I was unable to eat. The soup, salad, and pasta (with tip and tax) cost about $16, so I expect a decent meal at this price.I realize this is a pizza place and I should have ordered pizza, but I didn't want pizza. I also think if you're going to have a full menu, you should be able to properly present what's on the menu. I would've been better off ordering pasta from Pizza Hut. Attempting to eat pasta with a spoon didn't help either. Next time you're in the area, just skip this place.
2	Second time i ordered Chicago style pizza thought i would give them a fair chance.I lived in Cicago for 35 years i love Chicago pizza THEIRS IS NO CHICAGO PIZZA.I don't know about the rest of the menu but you will be disappointed if you know pizza and expect a real Chicago experience. The dough is not right the ingredients are not seasoned enough. So stay away from ordering Chicago Style unless you have money to waste
5	I love this pizza
3	First, notice this little place has an application for liquor license on the door.  Just what this area needs, another liquor license!  Did not realize that Gennaro's had such a large menu.  Lots of pasta, sandwiches, salads...not sure how such a small place can have such an extensive menu, but I digressed.  The pizza sauce has herbal favors to go with the cheese on a thinner crust that was toasted just right on the bottom.  Also, the menu has deep dish pizza.
4	Solid Pizza at a fair price.I get this for work a lot and have found the quality to be consistent.  It's not the greatest pie ever but for the price it's good and the pies area good size.
4	This has become my go-to pizza spot in the south side for 3 reasons. I'll expand below. 1. It's fast and easy to order (online)2. The price is great for the amount of food you get 3. The food is consistently good1. The online ordering is efficient and I've never had to deal with showing up at the store and them not having my order ready. You can order from your desktop or mobile. The order process is easy and you can pay with your card or select paying with cash.2. I've tried many other pizza places in the south side area who charge $20+ for a large pizza that really isn't that great. Gennaro's allows you to get a large amount of food for under $20. My go-to order is a 1 topping medium pizza and 1 order of cheese twists (think pepperoni roll type of goodness). The total is just over $19 which is a great deal. The hoagies there are also HUGE if you get the full size. 3. The food is good. Not great, certainly not horrible but it's good. The crust is usually soft and they have a good cheese to sauce ratio for my liking. I've only had the red sauce selection so I can't speak to the many specialty white pizzas they offer. The twists are delicious and make a great addition to any order. The breadsticks are big and fluffy. The only item that I had and would not get again are the wings. The wings were basically deep fried wings with bbq sauce poured over them, they didn't take the time to toss them and get them nice and saucy. Overall if you're looking for solid affordable pizza in the south side Gennaro's is a great option.
2	I ordered a small chicago style pizza. I had to write a review to warn others- it's not true chicago style pizza. Also, the ingredients are a 6/10 at best (tomatoes are diced canned kind, sausage is teeny tiny and slightly chewy). But if you don't mind the "cheapy" taste, go for it.I'm from out of town and have a hard time finding places that serve great food in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, this chicago-style pizza from Gennaro's falls neatly into the sub-par category along with the others. I think next time I'll try Proper Brick Oven even though it's more expensive.
4	Consistently good pizza. Only place to get good deep dish pizza in the city. This place is better than any of the Sq Hill places people flock to like Mineos.
5	I know I give this pizza 5 stars, but it isn't the best pizza I have had - bear with me.  Gennaro's has a huge menu, fast delivery and a lot of food for a reasonable cost.  That earns it 5 stars.  The pizza is really tasty, and as a new resident of Pittsburgh, I'm finding it challenging to find a pizza place that just bowls me over... still hunting, but this is the best so far.
1	Don't order from this place! SCAM they gave me the wrong pizza. I called to ask if I could get the right one, they said no and hung up. Really???
1	We used to order about six pizzas a month from this place, but are now done with Gennaro's. Last night, we ordered two LARGE (16"/12-cut) one-topping pizzas, but when the pizzas arrived, they were MEDIUM/14" size, with one cut into 10 slices and the other in eight. We checked the receipt to confirmed we were charged for LARGE pizzas and then called to let them know that they sent two mediums. The unapologetic response we got was that they've recently changed sizes and MEDIUM is the new LARGE. (You'd think they might have mentioned that to a regular customer?) So we ended up with the equivalent of 16 slices when we ordered 24. Either somebody screwed up and they lied instead of fixing the problem OR they really are now charging large prices for medium pizzas. So I called the following day and asked to speak to the owner. The man who answered the phone said the owner wasn't available, but identified himself as the manager and confirmed the story. I pointed out to him that the menu on their website still shows that a large pizza is 16"/12-cut and he told me the website hadn't been updated yet.There are lots of places to order pizza from on the South Side and I'm sure I can find another that's more worthy of my business than Gennaro's.
2	Have downsized their pizzas, though not their prices. I have been ordering regularly from them, but now I need to find a new place, because this last experience was not good. They did make their "Medium" into what used to be "Small" - so less for the the same price. And when it arrived, it was extremely thin on toppings. Still tasted fine, but clearly a move is on to reduce the value that you get from them.
1	Long time customer... 3/22/14 officially no longer a customer. They charge you for an XL pizza, "16 slices" and give you a LARGE pizza in a smaller box. Took a long time but now a SELL OUT pizza shop. Hope the rest of the Southside Community stays away from Gennaros. Sad day for a pizza lover.
2	Good food, been in point since it was little Chicago's. Deep dish pizza is awesome. Service was ok. But here's my gripe. Who wants to sit down to eat in an UN aircondioned restaurant, with 7 oz plastic cups, and plastic forks and knives. Who serves a 3 inch thick pizza un cut, and expects you to cut it with plastic ware. Just because you do a lot of late  night business with drunk people doesn't mean you should neglect the day time dining crowd. We do care about how we eat our food, not just shoving it down our throats to help get us a dui checkpoint.
5	I like Gennaros. Standard pizza hole in the wall kind of place. They're never busy and the staff is always grumpy but the pizza taste good so I keep going back. Prices are middle of the road and the same as pizza Sola and sals. If your looking for a local pizza place that serves decent food go here.
4	Gennaros become my favorite pizza shop in south side. It's really good place to stop and get hot pizza. I think they start to serve beer like couple weeks ago... Not the best waitress service but they have good food that can be delivered right to your door!!!!
2	Mediocre at best.  See that delicious looking picture up there that shows you how great the chicken tenders are?  Well that's exactly what I ordered, except for mine, they came fried a little extra.  I might be being kind with that.  The were fried extra to the point where each bite tasted of burnt coating.  No matter what I dipped them in I still tasted the burnt-ness.Next time I order from here, I'll make sure to order something that doesn't come from the fryer.
5	Great food, and amazing customer service. I order for delivery all the time and it always comes on time and fast. No matter of the weather. The drivers are also very friendly. I highly suggest that everyone would order from here, they are the best in pittsburgh. Even if you have dine in, it is very cozy and very friendly surrounding. You can not find any place better than Gennaros pizza. And they serve alcohol!!!!
2	Eh.. The food was just "eh". Let's start off by saying the "Phone girl" was extremely rude, therefore I was given a bad impression right off the bat. The wings tasted.. Or rather didn't taste like anything at all but were sitting in a pile of grease.. Appetizing right? Pizza was sub par.. First and last time for sure.
3	Decent go to pizza place for our work team
3	Meh. Pizza was ok. Nothing to write home about.Honestly, if it hadn't been 11:30pm on New Years Eve, the service would have really gotten to me. Don't get me wrong, I was still pissed. But I am a reasonable human and realized that it was not an awesome night for these poor girls serving endless drunk assholes. We ordered two pizzas, they only made one. They told us the second would just take 5 minutes, it took 20. All in all the pizza wasn't worth the frustrations.
