5	**So, now that it's not cash only, 5 stars!**Now, I can say that I'm a hot dog connoisseur and Maui Dog hit the spot! I went all out for my first endeavor and got a dog, tots and a SPAM slider. The slider was awesome! It was totally flavorful, sweet and a little spicy. The saltiness of the SPAM totally accompanied the sweet sauce and the roll brought it all together. The tots were what you would expect, crunchy and delicious!  They weren't soggy at all, and that sometimes is a problem with tots. And, as for the dog, my mouth was in heaven. I got an all beef, and I was tempted to go with one of the Shaka dogs (the already themed hot dogs) but decided to combine my own ingredients for a sweet and spicy, salty and juicy quadfecta! I topped mine with spicy chipotle-garlic mayo, mango relish, pico de gallo, passion fruit mustard, bacon and avocado. Soooo good! The flavors went together exactly how I expected them to, and I couldn't get enough of them! I can't wait to eat here again! I'm excited to try more of their combinations and I recommend that people try this place out! I've been dying for Hawaiian-style dogs here in the valley and Maui Dog delivers!
2	Not impressed in the slightest.  With the Sliders.  They were dry and you couldn't even taste any of the "teriyaki glaze" that was supposed to make it a "Hawaiian Slider".  My brother-in-law is Hawaiian and his sliders are 110% better.  They need to do something to theirs to make them more moist and make them more authentic.  I will go back and try a hot dog next time but I won't get the sliders ever again.Also they only take cash.  So I had to leave, go to the bank and come back.  Not good!  They took the drive thru away that the building had.  Wished they would have had it since I was getting ours to go.  The girl up front was confused and not very friendly.All in all not a good experience.
3	Couple things I love in life, Hot Dogs and Maui, now brought together and  Maui Dog proves that hot dogs can have some unique flavor other than plain mustard and/or ketchup.   Had a beef dog with spicy chipotle-mayo and mango salsa to keep the flavors singled out a bit. Dog was cooked perfectly, bun seemed a little hefty for the setup but I suppose you could argue most dogs here get more loaded than mine. Mango salsa was really sweet, complimented the juicy hot dog well and all together had a little heat. Venue was a little standalone building with simple tables and chairs inside and some picnic type wooden tables out on the patio. Very Maui/Hawaiian design, as to be expected.  Again simple. That's not a bad thing. Shops in Maui are exactly the same, they're quick and simple and focus on the food not fancy deco. Got the chance to meet the owner, very friendly guy and made sure we were happy with everything. Currently they only take cash but have a POS machine there for debit/credit but the girl said the company coded it wrong? In either regard they'll take cards soon enough.  I'm rarely on that side of town but if I'm in the area again I'll definitely do what I can to stop by and try a different variant and maybe.... MAYBE some spam sliders. My recommendation is that you try it out. Can't go wrong with a good dog.
3	Drove all the way downtown from Gilbert to try this place out (we were just in Maui for the first time and loved the Hawaiian spin on food). Upon arriving, we caught the tail end of another customer's order and the employee at the register said "I'm supposed to make fun of you for ordering that because it's a Haole Dog, which is what they call the locals or something". It was kind of funny because she pronounced haole wrong, and it's actually a negative term that the locals use for the mainlanders. If they want to use these sort of gimmicks, it'd be nice if the employees knew a little about what they were instructed to say.I ordered an all-beef hot dog, with medium spice and mango salsa. The hot dog itself was cooked well, but I though the bun was a little too large and took away from the good flavor of the hot dog with the sweet mango salsa. The medium spice was pretty tame (and I'm not a spice eater), but I could tell it was there. I'd go again if I were in the area.
5	I will never eat a regular hot dog again!  If there were 10 stars, I would give it!Large hot dogs, garlic-chipotle mayo, mustard, coconut and pineapple - sounds weird, but it was a flavor explosion.  We had Maui Dog for lunch and I wanted to go there for dinner.  The venue is casual with indoor and outdoor seating.  The owner was very helpful in explaining the menu and the place was fairly busy.  Be ready to try something new and not expect the same boring hot dog with ketchup and mustard.  Well worth it!!
5	One word...AMAZING! On my first visit today at lunch I had the Hana Dog (garlic-chipotle mayo, avocado, pico de gallo, cilantro, monterey jack cheese and bacon). Sounds gross but oh my god it was so tasty. I also had the Tiger's Blood Slushy and again another home run with this one! The place is VERY tiny inside and when I went there today a guy was attempting the food challenge (4 lava dogs, a basket of tater tots, basket of fries, basket of sliders) the owner said it's about 5 lbs of food and to finish it in 30 minutes! I was getting full just watching him! It was fun to watch. Too bad he ran out of time and almost made it! The word is certainly getting out as the line was out the door. While I was sitting outside I was talking to a guy who had gone there yesterday for lunch and couldn't wait to come back again. I know the feeling as I'm thinking of when I can go back as well. Well done!!!
5	Great neighbor spot and the food was delicious! The owner was very helpful and wanted to make sure everyone there was having a good experience. I ordered the Hana Dog. The owner recommended getting the mango sauce and I'm glad that he did. The portion was sized well and the ingredients all fresh... So no guilty bloated aftermath. I also sampled the coleslaw and vegetarian chili, both tasty! It was hard to believe there was zero meat in the chili at all. I will definitely go back to try the sliders and have a snow cone!
5	My first visit to this spot - I was excited to try it!  Went with a friend and did a little sampling of things. Based on the previous reviews we split the Hana Dog. It did not disappoint! I was worried that the cheese would be melted/greasy/overwhelming but was pleasantly surprised that it was just a little sprinkling of fresh grated cheese. The avocado, cilantro, bacon and mango in the pico was a great combo and the bun was so good - they could sell those alone as rolls! Also tried a "maui style" beef slider and a "maui style" spam slider. Maui style meaning garlic mayo and coleslaw - really good. The atmosphere was friendly and by noon the place was packed. The owner was there and made a point to talk to us. The only thing I wasn't sold on was the fries - but I'm sure they'll get that figured out in time. Definitely will try this place again!
5	The hana dog was so colorful and delicious and the tater tots were awesome too. They let us try spam sliders and believe it or not it was pretty tasty and it was my first spam experience of my life. I will definitely go back for more yumminess.
4	CAUTION: Maui Dog is Highly Addictive.The above statement should be printed on the menu, by the way.My friend has been raving about this place for weeks now...and last night I finally stopped in only to find myself waking up this morning CRAVING it again! Yikes. And it's on my commute home from work. I think I am in trouble...By my friends recommendation, I had the Lava Dog, Shaggy Style. Basically, an all beef hot dog, chili ("lava") - monterey jack cheese - Maui cole slaw ("shaggy"). The slight sweetness of the bun, bit of salt with the dog and chili topped with the crispness and freshness of the maui slaw creates the perfect balance. Now it's a "taste explosion" at a hot dog 'stand'? Better believe it.Next time, I want to try something different...like the Brat dog or Spam slider. They offer unique toppings for all dogs - maui style - chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, coconut and pineapple topping to name a few. I am going to have to go for the shaved ice next time too, especially Amy's recommendation of the "Tiger's Blood"Some inside SCOOP on this place, because I asked the owner John (who's super nice) a million questions. The Chili is Vegetarian. The buns are AMA-ZING and it's his own recipe. The buns are baked fresh locally. The brats are made especially for him as well. He was inspired by a place he visited all of the time in Hawaii - while he was surfing! A good enough reason for us Phoenicians to welcome a little ALOHA in our lives.SOME OTHER THINGS I LIKE?   - They DO take debit cards, it's NOT cash only.    - THEY ARE PET FRIENDLY (Patio, obviously)   - I love the surfboard painted out front, makes for some entertaining photo shoots for kids, pets and hey...even adults!I'm glad to support a locally-owned, unique business that offers a fantastic product. Mahalo!!!
4	Wow.
5	Went at lunch today with a coworker. This was our first time and wasn't sure what to expect. If you know this area, you know that this building has been many different restaurants and none of them around very long. We we please to find a very friendly staff, and cozy island themed restaurant.I went for the first dog on the menu - the Island Dog. This was a freshly grilled beef bratwurst with chipotle garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, and a ton of fresh, crispy chopped bacon. I also got a side of the Maui cole slaw. I dug right into the dog and was rewarded with a mouthful of amazing flavors. What surprised me the most is how it all worked so well together. I wouldn't have ever imagined putting coconut on something with chipotle garlic mayo! But man does it all work. The brat was freshly grilled and everything tasted fresh. Even the buns seemed special. I also enjoyed the slaw, which was a sweeter, mayo based slaw. My coworker had the Lava Dog - Shaggy Style. This was a monster of a meal in itself. It has an all beef hot dog, chili (lava), jack cheese and the Maui cole slaw. He had a side of fries with it. He devoured that dog, using a fork, because it was too much for him to take in. It looked amazingly good and we both agreed we'll be back for more - soon. The prices were reasonable, the staff was super friendly and the food was delicious. Let's hope that Maui Dog is here for a long time!
5	We went here on a whim, and it was more than what I was expecting. It was good.
3	I had read a review by a friend of mine and was intrigued. At the least, it could only be the second worst thing I've ever had in my mouth.Maui Dog is a quaint "beachside" place on Indian School, between 35th and 36th Streets. Surfer decor and a raw ceiling of asbestos and water stains create a charm not seen outside the area with the highest murder rate in Phoenix.Trusting the counter girl, who was confused at my "aloha," she suggested a straight "Maui Dog" with Tater Tots and I also wanted to sample the "Spam Slider."  I'm still not convinced it wasn't a sexual-act list she was offering me for $10. What a bargain THAT would be!The dog is quite tasteless which allows for the mix of spicy chipotle mayo and the coconut-mango-pineapple dressing on top to take over...except for the large-ass bun masking that, too. The bun was bulky and dry and felt like it would revert to sawdust at any moment. I'm guessing it's authentic to the islands, where old hippies move to only discover toilet paper is $12 a roll.The Spam Slider was a teaspoon of meat on a bun the size of my head and some island mix thrown on the top. I will not be ordering that again. Best advice...get the three-slider special and put all the meat and topping on one bun...and hollow out the bun...and still count on a lot of bread after that.What was left of my tots, which weren't dropped on the filthy tray by "Shakes" the friendly waitress, who I believe had just sampled some Maui-Wowee out in the parking lot, were okay. Crispy but it's hard to ruin tots.Get a "Shave Ice" for desert and ooze sticky sweat for two days. BTW - it's "Shave Ice" and not "Shaved Ice." If you'll excuse me, it's my day to shaved my "lower 48."All in all, I'd go back!The reviews are IN!Yes, some people had opposing viewpoints and didn't agree with my review.Kyle, who has not written any reviews, or most probably a legible sentence in his life, wrote me to say;"in regards to your lude review i thaught the bread was great sweet but not overwhelming the spam sliders are awsome and need to be cut like that for flavor ratio.. as for the dogs very flavorfull i suggest just getting a plain beef brat or your choice and taste it own its own. and as the shaky waitress i dont know what to tell you maybe you expect to much fromm highschoolers this isnot flemings in dcranch the cealing once agian iv looked hard no asbestos..for one that wouldnt pass code and no water stains your vision might need to be tested and the highest murder rate i def know its not if you where a local or knew ne thing about phoenix youd know that tempe person if your going to write a review good or bad you shouldnt drag your  imature ideals into it . by the way the girl at the desk is 16 pedophile" (sic)Lizzie, who has also not written any reviews and who should not be allowed into a restaurant without a bag over her head...in fact, everyone in the restaurant should have one, too, in case her bag slips off, writes in a late-night, probably drunken message to me;"You couldn't be a meaner person. I have been there many of times and know that everything you just said is completely false. I also am just curious how you can still sleep at night when you are such a mean person to others. Imagine what the waitress is thinking after reading that. You are an arrogant pig and I think you should find other hobbies other than being being a fucking asshole. Fuck you and goodnight."As a professional writer, I welcome opposing opinions as long as people understand I'm entitled to my own. Good night and don't forget to tip your waitperson!1-29-2012 - I see Maui Dogs is closed. I guess my review was spot on and the naysayers are full of... Maui Dogs! Never doubt my ability to spot a good meal or write the truth about a place. HA!
4	Can't wait to go back and try more!
5	9/16/2010 update - went back with 3 coworkers. Glad to find nothing changed since last week. Still fantastic. A couple things I failed to mention that you might find helpful. You can order a custom dog. Pick the type of dog and add the toppings to make your own custom creation. The dog I had before is one of their tried and tested combos they refer to as "Shaka dogs". Today I had another Shaka and went with the Hana Dog. It was a beef hot dog, chipotle garlic mayo, avocado (YUM!), pico de gallo, cilantro, jack cheese and bacon. They nailed it again. Nice chunks of avocado, and a nice amount of pico for spice. This was also a winner. My coworker who had the Lava dog last time had the island dog this time and said he liked it more than the lava. I have to agree... the Hana is really good, but the flavor combo in that Island dog is still the winner.Almost forgot... the tater tots were perfectly crunchy and seasoned. A large serving was enough to share with the others.
5	Upon the recommendation of a colleague, my co-worker and I decided to check out the goodies at Maui Dog.  We were greeted immediately upon entering with a friendly, "Aloha!" by the young woman behind the counter.  She asked if we had been to Maui Dog before and when we told her we hadn't, she handed us menus and told us a bit about the food and how to order.  We could build out own hot dog or select from a "Shaka Dog" - one of their six creations.  After asking a bit about the different sauces and toppings, we made our selections: the Island Dog for me and the Sunset Dog for her, plus tater tots and drinks (free refills).  We paid, got our drinks, and sat down to wait.The decor is pretty simple but not at all boring or even gaudy.  Hawaiian and island-style memorabilia adorned the walls.  The tables and chairs are very basic but are comfortable.  My friend and I took note of the patio seating outside (which overlooks Indian School) and agreed it would be a nice place to sit when the weather finally cools down.  Only a few minutes passed before our food was brought out to us on a large tray.I don't think either of us swallowed our first bite before remarking how delicious it was!  My dog was stuffed with an all-beef hot dog (I chose that instead of the standard all-beef brat) and was layered with juicy pineapple, shredded coconut, chipotle garlic mayo, and Maui mustard, which was one of the most delicious sauces I've ever tasted.  I wasn't sure what to expect when she described it as a passion fruit mustard, but wow - I'm a fan.  The whole thing was topped off with a generous helping of crumbled, extra-crispy (my request) bacon.  The flavors all worked incredibly well together - sweet, spicy, salty, tangy, fruity, meaty - it was an amazing mix of food synergy.  The tots were really great, too - super crispy and flavorful in a way I can't describe.  It's almost as though they're fried in a flavored oil.  Everything worked so well together.  Midway through our meal, our waitress stopped by to check on us and make sure everything was ok.  We assured her, though full mouths, that all was very well.Even though I was full, I had to get some shave ice to go.  I have a thing for shave ice and feel compelled to get some anytime I find it.  After looking over their very long list of flavors, I settled on tiger blood (cherry-coconut) and passion fruit.  If I have to identify something at this place which is sub par, it would be the shave ice.  It certainly wasn't bad, and the favors were very nice, but instead of using a large frozen block of ice, bags of ice cubs/chunks/pieces were used.  I'm not an expert on the mechanics of shave ice, but I have a feeling this led to the very chunk consistency of my icy treat.  It didn't stay light and fluffy like most shave ice does, but instead turned into something similar to a convenience store Icee.  That's my only gripe, though, and it's not one which will prevent me from going back and enjoying some more shave ice.We overheard the owner talking with other customers while we ate.  Some things to note: They are working on getting the drive-thru up and running.  Call-ahead orders are welcome. Online ordering is in the works.  For a place that's only been open for six weeks, this place has the makings to do very well in the area.Great job, Maui Dog.   I look forward to going back again soon!
3	I gave 3 stars based on the fact that I haven't actually eaten here yet. I went for the shaved iced (which was amazing) and ended up talking to the owner for a while. He plied me with talk of sweet Hawaiian bread and dogs that are actually grilled instead of boiled. Really looking forward to eating there. But in the mean time, if you have a sweet tooth you should definitely check it out
5	Had the Hana Dog last night and I am so pleasantly surprised. The bun was delicious, the topppings were...top-notch. The tots and fries were a difficult decision though, I liked the tots and my girlfriend liked the fries. Both were delicious, just  a matter of taste. My friend Paulie ended up going for a second dog and fries because it was just so damn good. I will be hitting this place up a lot in the future :)
4	After my wife and i had come back from Hawaii. We were looking for something similar to Pooka Dogs. Well we found something better!  Good quality dogs packed with the most delicious toppings. Great friendly staff and the owner is a an awesome person to chat it up with. With the venue being a little small "it can get crowded at times" it still gives you that at home feeling of beach atmosphere.  I would like to see Maui dog have more venues across the valley.
4	Aloha!It's been a couple of years since the Beautiful Carin and I took one of our vacations in the islands.Clearly, it's time to go back and "Hang Ten" (I told Carin I could "Hang Ten" when we first met, to get her to like me...by the time she found out I couldn't surf, she had fallen in love with me for my mind).Since we were on Maui last, it looks like they've invented an entirely new hot dog...the Maui Dog!Well, maybe not "invented" so much as "enhanced" the good old "Pooka" dogs that you find in the islands."Maui Enhancement"?OK, I don't know for sure that these bad boys (and since hot dogs are wiener related, I think it's safe to assume that they are boys) originated on Maui, but wherever and whatever fertile imagination created them deserves a hand-y!But we have always preferred Maui, when we visit the islands..."Maui No Ka Oi"...now, I guess I can add "Maui Dog No Ka Oi"I've seen a few reviews for Maui Dog on Yelp, lately...and I was watching Hawaii 5-0 http://tinyurl.com/yazfcs5 on the TiVo last night and that pretty much decided my lunch plans today (It's sweet of you to worry about my health but don't...I detoxed like crazy this morning, so I was ready and able to handle the nitrate/salt/fat onslaught at lunch today).I strolled in and looked over the menu...and I was momentarily confused (a hazard that us seasoned citizens learn to deal with by yelling at those younger than us, in an effort to confuse everybody and not feel out of place).The very nice proprietor came to my aid, briefly explained the workings of the menu, and off I went!I selected wisely and soon I felt like I was back in the islands noshing a tasty and satisfying Spam slider (Spam = Scientifically Processed Animal Material...I know, more for me)...so very, very tasty!I was also the proud possessor of a very satisfying Maui Dog!They started my Maui Dog with a nice big, beefy wiener (that's what she said!) and they put plenty of toppings on him...Spicy Maui Mustard (sadly, mayonnaise on the wiener just doesn't work for me) along with a sort of mango topping and dill spears...Maui Waui!The sweetness, the spiciness, the saltiness, the grilled flavor of the wiener...all coming through for a first rate Maui Dog experience!I know, seems like an awful lot of stuff happening on the Maui Dog, but somehow, it all worked for me...I haven't really been a fan of overly dressed wieners in the past, but these guys could change my point of view...a little, at any rate!So, I now have a Maui Dog "mahalo" card (no it doesn't mean "trash" in Hawaiian...it means "Thank You") and I plan to use that rascal whenever I'm back in town.That Maui Dog was delicious...good to the last drop!Aloha!
5	Dropped in here about 11:30 this morning, joining a few other hungry diners.  After going over the menu with Miss Wahini I ordered an Island Dog (one of many choices) with an upgrade to the 1/3 lb. size Bratwurst ($5.50), & a large side of chili ($2.50).  The Island Dog also features Chipotle Garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, & bacon on a big, fluffy, fresh yellow hot dog bun.  I was advised that the chili here is vegetarian & I'm a meatie, but I went ahead & took a chance with it.  (It came topped with cheese & it was good.)This is a small place, with seating for 20 inside, plus room for 25 or 30 more out on the shaded front patio.  It's only been here since July, but it looks like the old dives you see along the beach, such as the ones that I grew up with in Newport Beach, CA.  The food was always great at those places, & it wasn't going to surprise me if would be here, too.  Meanwhile, I could almost hear the sea gulls & smell the salt air as I waited.  Then pretty soon my chili arrived, along with the big dog stretched out in an oval basket.The long and short of it was this:  Generous portions of unusual food in a charming atmosphere.  Oh...  and SENSATIONAL TASTE!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  This place is magical!     :-))
5	Hot dog, hot dog, hot digggity dog this place is tasty...Had the Lava Dog Shaggy style and the Island Dog with hot sauce. So, so good. Who knew that coconut and bacon would taste good on a hot dog, but it sure does!Two dogs (big) plus fries and a drink end up costing me about $12. Well worth it.
4	The boy and I must have driven past this place 15 times before they opened, just waiting for the day that the open sign was lit.  We hadn't been on this side of town for awhile, so when we realized we would be nearby tonight we were both very excited.  We arrived right as they opened for dinner, the owner could not have been nicer, he explained all of our options and tha let us look over the menue.  The girl working the counter was also super nice, she answered all of my fiances questions about the big kahuna challenge, which I think he is gonna try to complete on a future trip. He had an island dog and a sunset dog, they were both delish, and are you kidding me with that mango topping? Heaven.  He also got some tots which I'm told were crispy and delicious.  I had the tiki dog, I will dream about that dog tonight. Its toppings consisted of everything that is right in this world, we could negociate peace treaties with these dogs. it was a tasty turkey dog with chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, the most amaizing creamy delicious cocunut topping, avacodo, and bacon.  If you don't already have your keys in hand to run down there and get one immediatly I just don't know what's wrong with you.  I will say, the fries I had were just a little soggy for my liking, but that will not stop me from returning soon and often!
4	Heard about Maui dog on yelp so when we flew into Phoenix we stopped by. The Hot Dogs were great. You must try one. We will make sure we go back before we leave.
5	It's so refreshing to find a restaurant in Phoenix that offers you flavors you can't find anywhere else. Who puts chili, coconut, spicy chipolte mayo, and slaw on a hot dog? Maui Dog does! The perfect combination of spicy and sweet. It's one of those menus that you look at and say - how in the world did they think of putting all those flavors together? But they work, and it's amazing. Just went there for the 2nd time tonight. My fave so far are Tiki and Lava Dogs (shaggy style). My fiance thinks the spam sliders are the bomb. The specially made bread? PERFECT for a hot dog or slider. It holds everything together without being too dense or stiff, and yet doesn't get soggy. I really hope this place makes it!
4	This place was REALLY good.  Very unique.  I had the 3 teriyaki sliders with tater tots which were amazinggggg.  This place is all about what you choose to get on it and I chose chipotle garlic mayo, coconut and spicy mustard.  Never had a coconut burger before!!  My buddy had a very large hot dog that he said was really good, plus tried the sliders with 1 of them as spam....spam wasnt that great, wouldnt recommend.  But I have never liked spam so dont listen to me if you like spam at all heh.  The sliders were a lil over cooked which is why I give them a 4 and not a 5, 4.5 would be perfect but I guess you cant do a 4.5.  Easily fixed next time I go in.Over all I would have to say if u have not tried a coconut burger before I'd say go over there and get one!
4	Good hot dogs. Good service. I like eating there once in awhile. Very tasty. I like their tater tots. They have good, different flavors in hot dogs.
5	Maui wowee! This place rocks.Thanks to a few trips to the islands, I'm a major hawaiian food junkie. A plate lunch makes me a happy girl. And while Maui Dog goes island style in a different way it's totally ono!There is a place in Hawaii called Puka Dog. Maui Dog is like it's Arizona cousin. The taste was almost exactly the same. You pick what kind of dog you want, what kind of garlic mayo and your fruit relish. It sounds kinda gross but it's fantastic! The combo just works somehow.I got a regular hot dog with mild garlic mayo and mango. So, so good. The mayo still had a bit of kick to it even though it was mild and the fruit relish was sweet and tasty. The perfect balance. The dog itself was huge and had a good beefy flavor. And the bun was nice and fresh which can really make or break a hot dog. They also serve tots and fries. Awesome!I can't wait to get back and get another maui dog, this time with multiple fruits. I might even have to get a spam slider.Mahalo, Maui Dog!!
5	Maui Dog has been Yelp's greatest gift to me.  I only live 2-3 miles from this hole-in-the-wall and I'd never have stopped in if it weren't for the glowing reviews.... which are on the money.One of the things that brought me in is the inclusion of a turkey dog on their menu (for those of us who don't eat beef, this is a rarity in a hot dog-themed place).  The menu freaked me out at first?  Pineapple on a hot dog?  Spicy mayo?  Coconut?  I could hear my Mom's voice in my head: "Just try it.  You'll like it."I don't know what makes it work... but it works in spades.  (Might be worth it for the bun alone.  Maui Dog is issuing a challenge to all you other hot dog joints.  The bun counts!)  They also have terrific vegetarian chili, cole slaw and a brownie that John joked to us "will be the second best brownie you've ever had." Speaking of John... he is one of the nicest restaurateurs I've ever met.  Odds are if he's there when you're there you'll find that out too.The location is a little strange --- easy to find but kind of isolated.  I think this is a few blocks city away from being one of the best fast food restaurants in Phoenix.  Maui, you've won me over.
5	We stopped in here one night looking for dinner that strayed away from our usual fare of home cookin' or fast Mexican food and Maui Dog EXCEEDED our expectations!  The seemingly unusual combinations of meat and fruit were matched perfectly and the flavors are unbelievable!  We got huge dogs, three sliders, a large tot and drink for less than $20.  We had plenty of food and not only were our bellies happy, but our taste buds and brains were happy to have a chance to stretch their legs!  I can't WAIT to go back!
5	I bought a coupon from kgb deals so finally went last night. We had a sweet and spicy dog- shaggy style (brat, chipotle garlic mayo, spicy mustard, pineapple, sweet peppers, onion with cole slaw) and a Hula dog (beef hot dog, chipotle garlic mayo, avocado, pico de gallo with pineapple and mango, monterey jack and bacon). SO GOOD! The sweet hawaiian buns they use adds such a great touch too! The shoe string fries are cut fresh and were good. The tater tots are standard tater tots. We also ordered a soda and a shave ice. The shave ice was fine, not great and they didn't have cream, which I think was my biggest disappointment (you know how Bahama Bucks makes theirs?) My coupon was for $6 and our bill still came to $13 after that. The hot dogs really were tasty, and next time I think I'll get a burger. I'd pass on the shave ice and the tater tots.I have another coupon so will be returning again this week and will possibly even try a Spam slider :)
5	Went for lunch today and was very pleasantly impressed! I had been through before when yes, the credit card machine was down, and yes, there was no drive thru, and yes, half the shave ice flavors were unavailable but this is quite obviously no longer the case! The service is amazing due to the glowing persona of the proprietor John and the fact that the "confused" and "shaky" girls who used to work there are no more! The prices are very decent and the food, very delicious! We had the island dog (YUM!) with fries and tater tots, and shave ice; John also allowed us to sample his cole slaw, mango pico, and chili which were great as well! Beyond the obvious delectable dogs, the chili is Cali style vegetarian with black beans and corn - DELICIOUS and light yet "meaty"! The island style slaw made WITHOUT MAYO is an absolute revelation. The fries taste a lot like the ones at In N Out, not as crispy but the same flavor profile that comes with fresh cut fries. The tots are crispy and salty - just the way my kids love them, and the whole time they were demolishing the shave ice I didn't hear a "peep". It was a peaceful culinary journey to the islands that didn't break the bank!
5	I'm addicted! Everyone there is so freakin nice. And Maui dogs are delicious.
5	This place needs some love, yo. Not the four to five star reviews saying "Yay!" and then never visiting the place again. I'm talking a serious customer base that will elevate this unique little Hawaiian joint to the level it deserves. It's completely different from any other Hawaiian food out there. Honestly, most of that island fare is kind of bland by my standards. Bland macaroni salad, bland rice, bland pulled pork. Blah, blah, blah.Maui Dog turns all these tired standards on their nose and tosses some wicked ridiculous flavor combos together. Who would have thought that a sweet pineapple and coconut slaw would have worked so well on dawgs and sliders? The aioli and shaggy-style island dog are also pretty fantastic. Plus they have Spam. SPAM! I love my pre-formed, processed pork products. Mmm hmm. Also a big fan of the fries and tater tots. (Everywhere should offer the far superior tot as an option in my opinion.) They are a bit soggy instead of super crisp, but I'm one of those queer birds that just loves soggy taters. Grease esssplosion in yo mouth!They have a drive-thru! They take cards! The guy that owns the place is hella nice and will chat your ear off! It's colorful! And different! But not so different that it's pretentious and annoying! I can't offer any more justifications. Get your ass to Maui Dog. Amazing doesn't do it justice.
4	These hot dogs are one if a kind and come highly recommended by me!!  I've only had the Lava Dog. Be sure to get it "shaggy style". Who would have thought that sweet cole slaw would taste so good on a chili dog. But - DANG!  Also I would skip the shoe string fries and go straight for the tater tots that are crispy and seasoned to be tasty!!
5	My girlfriend lives right near this place and we saw it when it first opened.  I ate there a few months ago and told her how amazing it was, but she kept saying, "I don't want to eat hot dogs."  I finally got her to go with me and she was hooked!  The owner, who is almost always there, is super friendly and excited to have a store to share his creations.  He has added a couple new items to the menu since first opening, and he's all for offering a taste of his latest recipe. He also makes good bread for the buns and it is really good.Definitely try the Maui Dog (the burger is also really great)!  It has pineapple and coconut, which you wouldn't naturally think to put on a hotdog, but it will surprise you.  The tater tots are also good - really good seasoning and I think there is some kind of onion mixed into the potato. I haven't tried the shaved ice yet, but this place also has a GIANT list of shaved iced flavors and offers a great deal on a variety of sizes.There is also a really nice patio that is dog friendly
4	For those who have experienced a Hawaiian 'puka dog' this is a welcome site.  Actually, I'm pretty surprised that it has taken this long for the concept to reach the mainland.  This place proves that you can make a hot dog as sweet as sugar cane and still get away with it.  My only complaint was that the dog was as messy as a night out with Charlie Sheen.All hail to Indian School.  The new Valley hot dog hot spot.
4	As their website name says Mauidogsrocks and I agree.  I would've never even imagined putting together this Island dog (all beef brat, chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, and bacon) let alone ordering it and loving it, but I did indeed do just that.  I have ate teriyaki burgers before so I get the concept but I've just never had it on a hot dog before.  The only thing I can say I didn't enjoy is I sat at the drive through window for about 3 min and nobody came so I had to go inside and order to go.  So with that said if you like hot dogs and want to be a little adventurous then what are you waiting for get to Maui dog and start your Mahalo card cause after 12 you get your 13th free.
4	A quirky little place with handmade signs and really outdated facilities, you might even say a dive.In contrast to the building, my Hana dog looked like something out of a magazine - it also tasted pretty good, the chipotle garlic mayo was fantastic and the tater tots were cooked perfectly. I'd rate it 5 stars if the atmosphere came a little closer to the quality of the food.
2	Yeah, Yelp led me a little wrong here, as did the menu.  Was looking for a hungover guilty gorging of dogs and tots, ended up feeling worse than when I went in.The owner is a nice guy, who is trying very hard, but they are missing some things.  First off, the hotdog quality just isn't good.  "Boiled bologna" is how my date described it, and she hit it right on the money.  The toppings were pretty good, very sugary and sweet.  We had three dogs and tots.  The dogs were luke warm, not grilled to order, not even really done.  The buns are good, very sweet too.Here's my thoughts: increase the quality of the dogs and show that off, doesn't have to be organic, but should be a good name.  Grill the dogs to order, takes a few more minutes but I'd come back for it.  Make sure everything that is supposed to be hot is hot (chili, tots, etc.) and everything cold is cold (slaw).  It's that difference in temp that makes a great eating experience.Yeah, maybe I'm being a picky jerk, but I'd like the place to succeed.
4	Maui Dogs is great if you're looking for a dog that's a little out of the ordinary. Get the Hawaiian toppings, and both the polish sausage and bratwurst are good, I don't think I've had a regular beef dog.This is one of the two places with good dogs I frequent that are like a block away from me. I go here if I want something unique, they go for a mix of sweet and spice here, and it works. I recommend the sweet and spicy dog, the sunset dog, and the spam sliders Maui style. Whatever I get I usually make it a meal with tots and either red cream soda or green tea.On my visit today they were giving away free samples of chicken wings with every meal. I liked the crispness of the skin, and once again the sauce was a nice mix of sweet and spicy. If (when) I order them in the future I'm going to ask for extra sauce though. The only thing I've had here that I wouldn't get again is a burger with chili on it. The thin chili is fine on a dog you're going to eat with a fork, not as much in a burger. Thankfully the cook was nice enough to suggest that I should get the chili on the side if I was ordering to go, so I still got home with decent food and not a soggy mess.
5	I will call "maui" one of my new favorite places to eat!!! CLOSED SUNDAY... which made me sad, BUT their menu is AMAZING!!  Shaggy slaw is yummy on top of a slider...or pretty much anything I'm sure...YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY TRY THIS PLACE OUT!!! Patio is dog friendly, A++ from me and my pup!! YUM YUM YUM
5	I found Maui Dog on a whim.  A fantastic discovery for my taste buds.  I only wish I had found Maui Dog on Yelp sooner instead of catching it on a random drive down E Indian School.A great city can never have too many hot dog options.  It's even better when a place has unique offerings.  This brings us to Maui Dog.  They have a variety of Hawaiian style options (dogs, burgers, wings) and sell tasty fresh cut fries and tots.  I had the all beef dog with volcanic chipotle mayo, Maui mustard, and a mix of coconut, mango and pineapple toppings.  All of which I never thought I'd eat on a hot dog.  It was a unique taste and utterly amazing.  The sweet bread bun is a great touch to this culinary treat.  Maui Dog has a new customer.  I will be returning in the not too distant future.  The only question is do I stick to the above or sample other items on the menu?  I'm curious to try something with SPAM!
5	You have to love this place. I'm not good with the catchy names, but I'll describe what I had. It was the chili cheese dog with cole slaw on top. The all beef hot dog was truly the star of the show, but the hearty vegetable chili stood up pretty well to the dog. The cole slaw was sweet and delicious (and I don't even like cole slaw). It cut right through the fatty richness of the rest perfectly. I couldn't really taste the monterey jack cheese, but that's ok. Still delicious.But the FRIES! Oh, get the fries. It's hard to find a place that makes fresh-cut fries that successfully. I think the only improvement would be if they used peanut rather than vegetable oil. But still, the fries are super good!I'm dying to try the burgers after the excellent showing on the hot dogs. Great work!
3	It's no surprise I write this, but I love independent restaurants. Don't worry, I'm not going to get on my soap box and preach about how they help the local economy by keeping more of their revenues in the communities they serve. Nor will I go on about the way they support other small businesses by sourcing ingredients and supplies locally. What I love most of all, they take risks that many corporation restaurants wouldn't dare.Take Maui Dog for instance, l mean really, who opens a restaurant specializing in Hawaiian style hot dogs? Ask owner John Stamatakis, who started his hot dog venture last year in the building that housed Ricky's Philly. The tiny structure has gotten the island treatment with tiki torches, bright colors and a warm friendly vibe. What they don't have in square footage they make up for in charm and of course menu offerings. The menu boasts a series of hot dogs, sliders and some serious toppings. There is one nagging question though, what's a Hawaiian hot dog? To be honest, I had no idea until I did some research. Ends up Hawaiian hot dogs are just like any other hot dog except for a slightly sweetened bun, some variation of garlic mayo and a laundry list of tropical flavors including passion fruit infused mustard to chopped banana and coconut. Before I go on about the food, I have to give you one bit of advice, ask them to make sure they steam the buns! On my visit this crucial detail wasn't fulfilled so what I ended up with were slightly dry and mostly stale buns. I made mention of this to the owner who quickly offered to replace the order, this is what I call great customer service. On first bite I felt deep love for MD's Lava Dog Shaggy Style ($5.50). Its a beef hot dog slather in lava, which is their house made chili, then topped with cheese and coleslaw, the later making it shaggy. I went further and ordered it Maui style, which means that it will additionally be topped with chipotle garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut and pineapple. I had no idea you could pile so much on one hot dog and still have it work. It's a whole lot of flavor but melds so well together. Fortunately the heat from the chili and hot dog also managed to make the extremely soft and what I love saying, squishy. Okay canned meat has a really bad wrap, nothing like congealed animal parts to make a person run for the hills. So bear with me when I say go ahead and try a Spam Slider ($1.25). Ordinarily I would have never ordered one but the lady at the counter assured me it was worth a taste. My only experience with Spam was my mothers doing, Span sandwiches, come on, you've had them too! Anyway, once you top a slice of grilled Spam with sweet mustard, coconut and pineapple, Maui style, I think you might have a different impression, sweet and salty is a great combo. If Spam isn't your bag, go for the Teriyaki Slider ($1.25), Maui style of course. This version replaces the Spam with a tender ground beef patty and a smothering of teriyaki sauce. If you love potatoes with your hot dogs and sliders, be sure to order a basket of MD's hand cut French Fries ($1.75). These are the real deal, tender with a slight crisp. If you want sheer crunch good times order up the Tater Tots ($1.75). These little chubs of shredded potato come out super crispy and well seasoned. Judging by the steady stream of diners, it seems like this indie resto is a hit with the locals. Just be sure to get those buns steamed.
5	Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides. Nothing was disappointing. I have tried both the sweet and spicy dog and the hana dog. Both dogs were great and had very distinct high points. The sweet and spicy does something very rare for me and actually gets me to enjoy pineapple mixed with other foods. I this dog had great flavors all over including the dog itself which was perfectly cooked and the right amount of heat. The hana was just a stack of messy amazingness that had a real mexican flair. The bacon is the real standout adding the great bacon flavor and a crunch that gives the textures some depth.The sides were good to. The chili is not some canned stuff and is good. The tater tots are just awesome though and nice crispy outside and that soft pillowy inside you crave.If you want a gourmet hot dog this place is not going to let you down.
4	I think this place gets the stars for using willing to place spam on their menu and for piling fruit on a hot dog.  It's definitely a place that you must try so that you too can say that you've had coconut, pineapple and chili on a hot dog.For about 5 bucks a dog, loaded with so many goodies, you'd wonder why ballparks only have ketchup, mustard and relish.  The spam slider was spamalicious. Warning:  I may have a slight bias here, as I love spam.  But only when spam is done right.  And here- it is done right.  Although I may try it plain next time--I had it maui style, full of coconut, pineapple and maui mustard.  I wish this place had spam musubi though.They also have a large shave ice menu, but the shave ice machine was not impressive and looked more like one for sno-cones.  Shave ice is not a sno-cone.  So we opted to pass on the shave ice.
5	Unbelievably Amazing! So I go in and look at the menu and think to my self I dont know if Im going to like all this stuff that the put on these dogs. I finally decide Im going to try the sunset dog and WOW I was impressed. Everything that the put on the dog really complimented each other. I could not belive it. The sweet wasnt too sweet and the spicy wasnt to spicy just a perfect mix. I also tried a Spam slider and it was great as well. I will definetly be back.
4	Last Saturday afternoon we were actually on our way to grab a SLD (Short Leash Dog) at the Phoenix film festival when we received the sad and unfortunate news that the SLD food truck was not going to be able to make it. Oh no! Judging from our hysterical reactions, you'd have thought we just received the worst news of our lives. Man, were we bummed! At this point, we had been craving a hot dog for the better part of the day; so much so that any other type of food was just simply not going to cut it. I'm not kidding, you could have put a filet mignon in front of our faces and we would have passed. We wanted some dogs!! (And not just any old crappy hot dog). Luckily for us, we knew about Maui Dog and headed right over. We were charmed right off the bat with the colorful exterior and handwritten drive through menu. The inside is just as fun and quirky as the outside with surfboards and random Hawaiian decor abounding from floor to ceiling. The owner struck us as a very cool ex-hippy type dude who was very nice and accommodating. We ordered three dogs in total; one Hana dog, one Sweet and Spicy dog and another beef dog that we topped with pretty much every topping available. These dogs are definitely not your grandma's hot dog! The combination of tropical toppings such as coconut, mango and pineapple colliding with the juicy meat of the dog was a perfect mixture of sweet, salty and spicy. I think the Hana dog was my personal favorite, but I don't think you could go wrong with any dog here. And don't let me forget to mention the fries! They were out of tater tots that day, but the fries were just as amazing, hand cut and freshly made, we couldn't have asked for a better compliment to go with our dogs. Tempted to give this place 5 stars, but we're going to hold off for now until we can go back and try some more creations on the menu and hopefully get our hands on some of those tots!  This place definitely lives up to the hype, so the next time you're craving a new age dog head on over and show them some Yelp love!
5	Island. Dog. A-maz-ing. I love Maui Dog and you should too. I had always driven by it, but never stopped because it looks like a dive and I just had no interest in a hot dog. But one day I figured, why not....I have been there plenty of times since. The owner is usually there when I go, I have always seen the same cook and it is a pretty friendly little place. The atmosphere is kind of awful, although you can tell the owner really tried, so that makes up for it. I always get the Island Dog...I believe  it's a beef bratwurst topped with bacon, their garlic mayo, spicy mustard, pineapple and coconut topping, all placed in a ginormous sweet bun. It's amazing. I could eat here everyday. Their chili and coleslaw is also pretty good and my brother seems to really enjoy their red cream soda. I had the 'shaved ice' once and only once because it was disgusting. But that still does not  take a star away from this place with the amazing dogs. Try it, support small local business and you will not be disappointed!
5	Hands down this is the best hotdog the wild west has to offer. I am from New York city, and have had a ton of dogs to choose from. This place is the best.
5	We came for the mango salsa dogs and we weren't disappointed! The owner is super cool. He went out of his way to make us happy. Great laid back atmosphere reminds me of the beach cafes in San Diego. The tater totes are perfect and the red cream soda mixed with spite tastes like a Shirley temple :)
5	Let me just start by saying holy crap I'm full! This place is awesome! The pineapple is good, but the mango is even better. Turkey dog, cilantro, chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, jalapenos, pepperoncinis... seriously what more could I ask for in a hot dog?! The guy who owns it is great too, there was a little mix up and he was extremely accommodating, made sure we were ok and that he made things right, definitely a 5 star experience.
5	Tried the spam and burger sliders, both really good. I also like how the fries were actually yummy on their own and not just an afterthought.
5	My husband has been raving about this place for months and I finally went today.  I kept thinking, its just hot dogs, what is the big deal?  But I was thoroughly impressed and I will definitely go back.  The owner and cook were friendly and our food came out quick and just as we ordered.  My husband is one of the pickiest eaters on the planet, so the fact that this place has him eating sweet and savory flavor combos on a hot dog is enough to warrant 4 stars, and the fifth star is just because it was so darn tasty.
5	At length: A trip to Kauai for our friends' wedding several years back led us to Puka Dog and the discovery of another type of holy matrimony: the perfect union of frankfurters and tropical fruit. Our friends are still together eight years later, but how my hot dogs have longed for the companionship of a little pineapple and banana relish.Disconsolate from my long lost love, I have abstained from the hot dog community (except for Ted's, because it's amazing and what happens in Tempe, stays in Tempe) until a new beau arrived: Maui Dog.In short (ish): Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got Maui Dog in my tummy. I tried the Sweet & Spicy Dog (favorite!!!) and the Lava Dog (messy!!!) and the house made fries. Everything was delish, and I'll be back to try the rest. The restaurant is a cute, clean, pseudo-dive (kind of a Two Hippies vibe) with a few tables inside and a dog-friendly patio (tee-hee). It's funky and it's affordable. Go ahead, try it. You just might fall in love.
4	They have some new wings. I couldn't decide at first how much I liked them. I was in between alright and really good. The next day when I pulled the leftover out of my fridge and had them cold I was at really good. Maybe I just like em cold, or maybe my focus was elsewhere as my hubby was attempting the Big Kahuna Challenge, which he failed miserably. I figured after the ridiculous amount of food he tried to scarf down we would be on a Maui dog break, I was wrong. In 24 hours he was already suggesting we go back for the sliders he had gotten with the challenge, he was a big fan of them.
5	Nearly 3 years after a Waikiki vacation, my longing for a Puka dog has been satisfied. Maui Dog is not exactly the same, nor should it be, but it has the same awesome concept, plus more! I've been here twice, once had a beef dog, the other a turkey dog. Both with mild garlic mayo & pineapple. These suckers are huge! And messy! And delicious! The dog has good flavor, mixed with the slightly sweet bun, spicy mayo and sweet pineapple...perfect! I think it would have been a better eating experience if my order was not to-go. The mess these things make all wrapped up is not pretty, but that absolutely does not deter from the taste. I can't wait till I have the time to eat-in and try the rest of their tasty-sounding menu!
5	I was looking for a new place to grab some food and was scrolling down the New Times "Best of List" and saw Maui Dog. I was instantly reminded of a visit to Kauai and the amazing Pukka Dog establishment. I checked their menu online and was sold. The building is quaint and reminiscent of a hot dog shack in Hawaii. There is indoor and outdoor seating. A small TV and Wifi. The Hana dog was amazing: avocado, bacon, pico de gallo, cilantro, and added maui mustard. I can't wait to go back. Loved the fruit infused mustard and other tropical toppings. The owner was the cashier and after we finished eating he sat down and chatted with us for a bit. It was our first time dining there, and he welcomed us, and we talked about Pukka dog and his inspiration for his island dogs. Very friendly and welcoming, and it added that extra element that is missing in so many restaurants. All together it was a solid meal, reasonable prices, and awesome staff. 5 stars all the way. I can't wait to go back and try another dog.
5	This place is awesome, the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is completely cozy!!
4	So I'll get straight to da program gang.  I had da shweet n spicy dog and my wife had da Hana dog.  I gotta say they were both onolicious (Ono means delicious in Hawaiian!). Da fresh cut fries were da shizz too.  The coleslaw was kinda bland but only cuz I ate um after da flavorful dogs.  We finished our meal with some SHAVE ICE but I was let down when they said they don't use vanilla ice-cream and instead used condensed milk!?!?!  What no vanilla ice-cream? That's blasphemy when it comes to real Hawaiian shave ice! Anyway it was still pretty good but not even close to say a Waiola shave ice.  What u expect tho? This is in Phoenix Az so it was good enough fo me!  So all in all we recommend Maui Dog and plus they had KCCN radio playing while we pigged out on some ono grinds.  Till next time, K-den cuz!
5	I had my doubts about tropical fruit and beef, but this place proved me wrong. I had the beef sausage with mustard, pineapple, onion, cilantro, and some kind of "volcanic" spicy sauce. Also, the tater tots here might be the best tater tots I've had in a long time. The owner also was working the counter and was super helpful and friendly for recommendations. Heads up, there is an $8 minimum for cards here.
5	Landed in Phoenix for the weekend and needed a hotdog. The dog itself was nice and juicy. They have a nice chipotle mayo which balances out the mustard on the dog. I also enjoyed washing it down with a shave ice. Nice to find a great locally owned place to eat at.
5	Wasn't sure what to expect from this place. Hot dogs and fruit really doesn't sound to appetizing..especially with mustard. The building itself is a little run down looking and the menu on the drive thru is hand written. Once inside it's..well, cute. I assume the gentleman wearing the hawaiian shirt taking the orders is the owner. The customer service in this place is worth the 5 stars. He answered all of our questions with patience, gave suggestions and was just all around pleasant. The food after being ordered only took about 4 minutes to get. We ordered the Island Brat, small tater tots, a small coleslaw, a small lizard sunset & a small cherry hawaiian ice. The brat was good, not great, but the toppings were awesome! The pineapple-coconut topping was tasty as was the maui mustard..I don't like mustard, but this was spicy and sweet, perfect with the brat. The hawaiian ice was great. We were asked if we wanted it on "crack"?  Crack was sweetened condensed milk squirted on top! The star of the order were the tater tots! Hot, crispy and well seasoned! The customer service and the tater tots are enough for the 5 stars because it doesn't get any better than that. The coleslaw...eh a little bland with not much flavor but sweetness, but it gave texture to my meal..except for those tasty, crispy, crunchy tots, they gave lots of texture. Did I mention how good the tater tots were? My only complaint was I smelled like grease when I got back to the office..but on a good note it was a constant reminder of just how good those tots were. If in the area or for a quick lunch during the week, it's a keeper on my list.
5	Heard through the grapevine that this local business is financially struggling and may close shop. If you love hot dogs please try Maui Dog and help a local business out. The food is good and the customer service is outstanding!
5	A few weeks ago, after many, many months of passing Maui Dog on Indian School and thinking, "What the hell is that place?", I decided to check out their menu online.It was interesting. Interesting enough that I thought it might work. Yelpers are pretty supportive of this place, and they tend to be a picky lot. "I'll check it out," I thought.It still took me a few weeks. I was out of town for one, and then it was Sunday and they weren't open, and then we were broke.I now consider those weeks wasted. I finally went today. Just about 45 minutes ago. And it was ABSOLUTELY GLORIOUS. I had the Mahaka, a beef brat with things like "Maui Pico", "Maui Mustard", avocado, pepperoncinis and bacon. All of it on a perfectly crafted bun (the owner told me he has them specially made, and the cost is more than most restaurant's entire hot dog).Anyway, it was a luau in my mouth, and everyone was invited.I'm not often an evangelical for restaurants. If I like a place, I'll let people know in passing, "Oh, hey, St. Francis is really good" and whatnot. Before I even left Maui Dog, I was texting every Phoenician I knew telling them they needed to hit up Maui Dog as soon as humanly possible.Oh, and it's cheap, too. And there are burgers and sliders and fresh cut fries and wings. And Hawaiian shaved ice. Seriously, stop reading...get over there.There's only one thing I don't like, which is that it's Saturday, so I can't go eat there again tomorrow.
4	My son told me about Maui Dog. He is always trying new places.  I like the locally owned restaurants. The experience just seems more personal. There was 6 in our group and we tried a variety of items off the menu. I got the Island dog with tater tots. There was an order of the Spam sliders we shared. The place is decorated island style. I have been to the Hawaii many times and when you go to the outer islands this is just what you might find. We were there on Saturday and after the lunch hour so the place only had a few people eating. This gave me the opportunity to talk to the owner. He is really a super nice person. He shared how he got the idea from some time spent in Hawaii. The food. I have eaten at a several places around Phoenix that specialize in hot dogs. I am not going to mention names but they are all well reviewed places. Everything from a hot dog on a bun with fixings to a place that advertised Chicago style hot dogs. Maui Dog was by far better than the rest. It is not just a hot dog or a brat with some fixings. It is a combinations of tastes that make the experience. Who would of thought coconut, mango, pineapple would be good on a hot dog? Yes they are sweet. If you don't like sweet they can make your hot dog to order just ask. When you eat their hot dog or brat you don't just taste the hot dog or brat. The mixture of flavors when you bite into one of their hot dogs is what makes this place so unique. I live in Peoria and it is a 45 min drive to eat at Maui Dog. I will be back to see if they taste as good the second time as the first. The place was clean. The food was good. The service was good. The price for what you  got was good. The location? Need one closer to Peoria. I will be back.  If you just want a hot dog. Fix it at home. Yuck! If you like something different see them.
4	I like the unusual flavor combinations on the dogs (fruit, coconut with spicy) and it tastes good! It's not trying to be anything it's not.
5	If you're looking for hot dogs of uncommon deliciousness, this is the place to visit.  While most of the choices bring home flavors straight from the tropical island there are a few that will appease even those that don't much like the sweeter side of life.  As odd as coconut, mango and pineapple, served on hawaiian sweet bread, may sound it's something everyone should try at least once before giving judgment.For those who know natives of the island, you know spam is "the other white meat" to them and one will find such a culinary delight here in their famous (at least to every co-worker I've brought here) spam sliders.  They have just a hint of pineapple and coconut on them (if you choose Maui-style, can also get them with teriyaki sauce instead) and a spicy mustard that you can customize from mild (for the weenies) to volcanic (macho men).Last point, and one cannot pass up, is getting a side of tots.  V (or Vee, never substantiated which), the chef in the back who I want to steal to just cook for me, works magic on the fryer to make the best tots you will ever have.  Sprinkled with just a touch of pepper and garlic, each one is perfectly crisp on the outside while soft and steaming inside.
5	Oh my, the tastebuds are singing a happy tune!  Never did I think I'd eat pineapple and coconut on a hot dog or slider...it was surprisingly delicious.  I ordered an Island Dog, a Chicago Dog and three sliders hawaiian style, all with medium spice.  I am so pleased with these selections and definitely looking forward to returning.  Seriously good stuff!
5	This place needs some love to stay alive!After passing the place many times, I finally stopped in and was the only patron there. I chatted it up with the owner and his wife, who were super cool people.I told him that his Yelp ratings seemed to be pretty good, and it seemed like he definitely had some signature products that put him in a market of his own. He said that The Phoenix New Times told him the same thing, but that business has been extremely slow.He gave the the lowdown on almost every creation on the menu. This guy created and makes all of his own sauces and dog works of art. It's places like this that are a true work of art, and a hidden gem. They need love to stay alive and in the market, and in this case that love needs to come in the form of cash money.He ended up setting me up with the famous Maui Dog creation and a side of fries. I must say, that these dogs actually compete with the Sonoran Style Dogs that you find in the Southwest. Between Maui Dog and all of the Sonoran Hotdog joints in this town, they offer competition to the boring, old school Chicago Dog Market. It's very important to have culture in a city, and Phoenix needs to allow these different cultures to grow and flourish.I know that the area isn't the most lucrative, but these people are some super cool artists, and you don't want to see this place go under due to a lack of support.Lets all Yelp together and save this much needed icon, so if nothing else, we can have one extra spot to keep on Yelping about!
5	I'll keep this brief because I am status post ETOH and chinese food.  This place simply rocks!    The dogs are shaggilicious, sweet, tart, salty, spicy;  any way you like it.   You like tater?  Well the tots are perfect and amazing.  They got the spam sliders if you hanker for some of that mystery meat nestled between sweet bread they have on the islands.  And to beat the summer scorching heat, there is none like the shaved ice with the 50 flavahs on hand.  Oh yeah!  Brain freeze. The best part is hanging out and hanging loose with John, the owner, who will make you feel just at home--like you are in your own backyard kicking it.   This place is so awesome that when my larger half treks down from North Cali, his first stop is here...literally. This place is truly special and deserves to be recognized for the gem that it is.  Come get your hot dog here!
4	I ate a shaggy dog @mauidogs !  Or a fuzzy dog. I think it was shaggy. It had slaw and all sorts of other stuff on it and I liked it...alot.  I could eat another one right now.  And I would too, if I weren't writing this from a hotel in California.I also had a spam slider. It was good too.  I haven't had spam since I was, well, it's been a long time.I like this place...the food, the people, the vibe...nunui!'Oe pono he ekahi!http://hawaiiandictionary.hisurf.com/
5	I saw a voucher online and when I looked at the menu I thought...coconut and pineapple on a hot dog? What? That's just plain weird! So I bought a few vouchers so I can have my other friends try this place too. When I first went here I decided to go with the Island Dog with Polish, Volcanic Chipotle Garlic Mayo, and Coconut and Pineapple. The blend of the volcanic mayo and the fruits made it perfect! It worked really well together and I was quite impressed!  I also got Burger Slider and the meat was cooked right even for a slider! I had to get a Spam Slider...I love Spam! Both sliders had Volcanic Chipotle Garlic May, Coconut and Pineapple. I got some Tater Tots and they're yummy so are their fries!The next day I was back for more. I had the Hanalei which had Maui Slaw and Mango. I don't eat slaw, but I would definitely eat this kind. He mixes it with coconut and pineapple. It's go GOOD! The first day that I came here I kept asking the owner when they would get wings, but he said not till fall. I was a bit bummed cuz I really wanted to try them. Once again He's got his unique sauce for the wings that you probably won't find anywhere else. When I asked him about the wings again the next day...he gave in and said he would have some...woohoo!!! So...I'll be coming back for more hot dogs and to try them wings!FYI: The Lava Dog is super good too...good chili!Complaint: Open a place closer to me...you're all the way in the other side of town. =)
5	I have to add my kudos to this little gem of a place.  I've driven by it millions of time, but thanks to yelp read about it online and all the rave reviews.  I'm not a big hot dog person, but I had a Maui Dog with coconut, pineapple and all sorts of yummy things on it and it was diving.  I also had an icee.  It was so good, very satisfying and the service was REALLY good!!
4	Do not hesitate to try this place!I had the hana dog but instead of avocado, I had them put on the special slaw that they offer. Amazing! The dog was so delicious and the bun was one of the better pieces of bread that I've ever had. A delicate sweetness and almost melts in your mouth. The toppings were incredible. Bacon, mango, a sweet ketchup and mustard, and don't forget the slaw! I ordered the garlic & onion tots as a side. Crispy and delicious. To top it off, I had a cup of red cream soda. Everything came together perfectly. Such a great meal and what I was hoping to find when I walked inside. It surpassed my expectations.The owner is a really nice guy who cares about the food he sells. When I was there, three families were eating. They were all regulars. I think that is a testament to the exceptional quality and service. When they heard it was my first time, they all gasped and insisted that I come back. I definitely will!
5	This place is the awsome! Delicious and unique hot dogs that you can't find anywhere else in AZ. Everything is fresh and made in house which is what sets this place above the competition. Also the owner is extemely nice and you couldn't ask for better service. Everything Ive had at this place has been great but my favorite if def the Hana Dog! So if your having a craving for a great hot dog, Maui Dog is definately the place to go!
4	I found this place after craving a Puka Dog from Hawaii, however since there is no Puka Dog on the mainland I found this nifty place. I went for the same toppings that I would get as if I were at a Puka Dog, garlic, mild, mango relish and polish sausage. Even though not as flavorful as a Puka Dog, this place does a great job, even though I am looking for a Puka Dog, I must divert and try not to use it as a reference any further. So the dog it self, is a little on the burnt side, kinda takes away from the taste of the awesome sauces. It can get messy but it very sweet and great tasting. Both times I have been there the owner was there. He is a very nice guy and very passionate about making sure that everything is tasty and great.The Dogs are messy so be prepared to use a fork and knife to carve away at it. The one thing that I did not agree with this place was the idea of what Hawaiian shaved ice should be. We were going to give it a try till I noticed the machine and the ice used. A Hawaiian shaved ice used large blocks of ice and a massive machine that shaved it. This one used crushed ice and just crushes it further, leaving it somewhat still chunky while Hawaiian is like sand. Overall: If you are looking for a hot dog of a different flavor I definitely would check this place out!
3	I've been here two times, but I'm not sure if I"m going to go back.  The best thing about this place are the tater tots.  You get a good sized portion and they are nice and crunchy.  The maui burgers (which I think I got both times) are ok, but nothing special.  The main reason I probably won't go back is that the last time I was there (several months ago) I placed my order, using the menu / prices that were on the wall.  After ordering, the owner (I think) is ringing me up and says, 'ok, let me put in the new prices since we recently changed them'.  Which means recently increased them.  Which I'm fine with really, places increase prices all of the time...however, if you don't change them on the board, and there is no sign indicating there is a change, that is kind of disappointing.  It was certainly less than a buck difference, but I felt it was a little shady (I mean, I'm still annoyed about it several months later).  Anyways, I suppose if I'm stuck someday and can't decide I might go back since I know they have the good tots....and I bet the patio is real nice during the cooler months.
5	Theoretically, this shouldn't work. A hot dog with pineapples, coconut, spicy mustard and bacon? But I was intrigued by the positive reviews and full-brunt assault on my senses, that I knew this was a place I had to go for dinner once.I had an island dog (a brat) with the mustard spicy, and some tots on the side. The tots were perfectly crisp on the outside and hot but creamy on the inside. Now, the dog......I'm not really sure how to explain this. The coconut adds creaminess and texture. The pineapple is crushed and turned into a thick syrup with some spices, possibly including paprika, which gives it the tropical flavor. Both act to counter the mustard, but the mustard still lends a welcome heat to the dog. And the bacon is real bacon, chopped. Bacon is always good.Together, all of it just works. Throw in a Hawaiian shave ice and this becomes one of the most unique fast food places I've ever seen. Props to the owner for following through on one heck of a niche concept.
5	Of all the times I've come here...I have received the best customer service ever! The owner of this place is so down to earth and friendly. The food is amazing! I thought it was a little weird to have coconut and pineapple as a topping on top of hot dogs, but mix it in with their chipotle mayo...bang! You got this sweet and spicy thing going on and it's so wonderful! The other time I came here he made a special request for me. I have been wanting to try their wings because of the "odd" use of his secret ingredient sauce. The wings were just as delicious as their hot dogs. I have to try the burgers next.
5	Maui Dog has been the talk at the office for the last month so I decided to crash a lunch group and join. After hearing from countless people how amazing this place is, I was surprised when we pulled into the parking lot. Normally I don't event think about going into establishments like this...not even a consideration. However, I trusted my friend's judgment and he was totally right. All I have to say, is wow.....what a dive and an amazing little place! I'd call it a diamond-in-the-rough (the inside of it is a diamond in the sense the dogs were amazing, and the building is rough...looking). I think the dog I had was called the Sunset dog...pepperoncinis, spicy mustard, mango, and a mild spice to it. Let me tell you...this thing was unbelievable. It had a combination of sweet, sour, spicy, and salty all in one. I didn't want it to end. I realized once I had finished it was the best dog I've ever had. Now I can see the fad with this little place. I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I hear it might be moving a little more east, which is great because that is closer to my office. While we were there during lunch, there was a steady stream of folks coming in, so it has a good rep. The lady working up front was very friendly and outgoing...another plus!Two things I learned today: the rumors of Maui Dog are true in being an awesome bite, and also don't judge a restaurant by it's shell!
5	One of those places thats literally a shack that you hope is a diamond in the rough and the good news is that it is! There is no reason why some of the combo's for the dogs work, but they do and its awesome! Make sure your in the mindset to try something totally weird and different and then go balls out! - its the only way to fully appreciate what this place has to offer. Cant wait to go back again!
5	STK. (Saitou to Kaigen)Red Cream Soda: Foamy Frenzy Veggie Burger: Pineapple and Spicy Mustard, goodness me...Shaggy Dog: He wolfed it down in 2.5 minutes. The 2nd one was 3 minutes, due to the fries. My cousin enjoyed his Shaggy while I enjoyed a vegetarian burger option.  You definitely get what you ask for at Maui Dog.  Would give a 4.5, because I want more vegetarian options but I usually stick to what works and it was stellar..  Pleasant owner, very cool menu, good char on my burger.  Ask and you shall receive.  Want to train my cousin up to do the "BIG KAHUNA Challenge"Culinary Thought: Moderate pricing plus funky condiments = Happy Ninja. Spare no expense, for every penny spent will stretch your face into more of a smile. Simply Good.Ninja Eating Plan: Could I attempt the BIG KAHUNA CHALLENGE?
5	Awesome hotdogs, ordered the Hana dog and sweet and spicey dog, both were amazing! Tots were good! You must come here if your in the neiborhood. This is what a Top Chef dog would taste like!!
5	Such strange combinations of flavors, yet they taste so good.  We've been here three or four times and are never disappointed.
5	Very good.  I had the Hana Dog and a new dog that I cannot recall the name of.  Each of them were super tasty and light (for hot dog standards).  I also had the slaw, which is very good.  It had coconut, which I normally don't care for, but it was a good compliment to the slaw to make it unique from other places.  The owner is a super nice guy.  Many of these creations came from his creative mind.  I would definitely recommend stopping in here - it has a fun theme inside!
5	This combination (fruit and hotdogs?) of food should not work, but it really does.I've eaten here a handful of times and it's well worth the drive. The prices are insanely low. The owner(s?) are cool and friendly. AND! I heard they're trying to get a liquor license, which would make Maui Dog even cooler than it already is! You get a card for a free dog when you buy 12. Whenever I go, it's so deserted. I hope more people will eat here so they'll stick around!Their buns are so damn good, I could probably eat my weight in them. The dogs are huge. I've had a plain lava dog, which was good. Even better the second time when I made it shaggy (and I usually hate cole-slaw). The tiki dog is good too, but I think my favorite is the shaggy lava. My boyfriend usually gets the island dog (and I usually eat some of it) which is great! The chipotle garlic mayo and maui mustard cannot be easily replicated!The tots are always cooked perfectly. I had a Horchata shave ice which didn't really taste Horchata-y, but it was yummy. The best thing to drink is their red cream soda though.. reminds me of being a kid. Next time we go, I'm going to buck up and try the spam sliders. Since my dad was born and raised in Hawaii, we ate spam a lot growing up. I have to remember to take him here some time. I think he'd get a kick out of it.
5	Best hot dog i've ever had!  This place was absolutely great.  Such an interesting combination of flavors, but it definitely works.
5	Hoy! After being in Hawaii just a few months prior, I was already looking for my next Hawaii fix on the mainland. I was looking for a Hawaiian restaurant near my office in Old Town and Maui Dog came up. What an interesting concept, Hawaiian style hotdogs. I was amazed at the sheer number of positive reviews for this place, yet I've never heard of them. So into my Yelp bookmarks it went for the perfect afternoon to go here. Well 2 visits later (and 4 punches on my regular customer card) I'm hooked. If you think you'll leave hungry since it's just a hot dog, no you're wrong. I always get a brat and it's filling! I've now had the Island Dog and Hanalei Dog, my lovely date the last time I went had the Island Dog so I was able to have the best of both worlds. I also get the volcano spiced version. It's has a perfect amount of spice to it, so for the average eater, don't get it lol! As for the sides: First time I had the tater tots. They are great to share, unless you have an islander sized appetite then get your own. Shave Ice. They do it right here. We split a crazy concoction where they added a bunch of awesome flavors. They build it right. After adding some flavors, the ice melted down a lil, so they added more. Then top it off with "crack". We had a bunch of funny jokes around it but it's condensed milk. After having shave ice from the source in Hawaii a few months earlier, this place also doesn't disappoint considering your in AZ. So if you're reading this considering to go, make dinner plans tonight, or tomorrow for lunch. They need the biz and your stomach needs the flavor. It's tired of eating that frozen crap you keep in your office freezer. I hope to fill up my regular customer card sometime soon.
5	ALERT!!! ALERT!!!MAUI DOG IS CLOSING ON DECEMBER 29th.I had lunch here today and the owner passed along the news.  Landlord is hiking rent and he never made a profit so can't aford to stay and is out of the cash needed to move locations.A sad day for Phoenix.I have to say, SHAME on myself and the rest of the Phoenix foodies and Yelpers out there.  We all love this place, so why don't we go?  I work 2 miles from here and have only been three times.  AND I LOVE IT.  I've told people to go.  THEY love it.Alas...  Two weeks from today...  no more Maui Dog.Thanks to the owner for his pride and guts with this delicious concept.  I hope to see you pop up again somewhere in the valley.  If you do, I vow to be more supportive.I will definitly be back again before you close.  EVERYONE should.You know you have it bookmarked.  Change that bookmark to a Check In YELPERS!
2	I'll admit--I tried this place solely because the reviews were overall very good, and the fact they were closing added a sense of urgency. Its a quaint little place, has a style of its own, and it certainly original if anything. But that's where the good pretty much comes and goes. First, price for a hot dog, tater tots and shaved ice is like 11 dollars. Seemed a bit steep but I don't mind paying for good food.  The person working the front counter was 40ish, with blonde hair, and well lets just say she's been under the knife, a good many times.  And well you guessed it, didn't seem to have a clue what was going on, so it was chaos. So I ordered a Shaggy Dog which includes chili, slaw and onions. I ordered is sans the slaw. What I got was a blackened beef hot dog, a tasty bun, and something akin to hormel chili. The tots were good if not small a small serving, and the shaved ice was, well shaved ice. I think the problem is their cook was not working that day, so the owner John had to cook instead of work the customers which  led to the problems. My friend ordered a turkey burger it arrived with crumbled all over, (menu didn't indicate it had bacon) so I politely just asked them to take it off. he took about half of it off.  At that point we asked just for a refund on the burger (uneaten), so  he slams the plate and burger in the trash can and mumbles 6.65 to the cashier?? She didn't hear him so she asked him what he said, and he yelled give them 6.65!!  From the back kitchen. It was uncomfortable to say the least.
4	I've only been to Maui Dog once, but I loved the visit!  The food was so deliciously original!  A few buddies and I were in the area and my friend Paul said that we HAD to go there.  I mooched in with my 2 friends and we ordered some food.  It was one of the most unique hotdog / sausage flavors I've ever had.  I was looking forward to a return trip, but I am not sure I can make it back by the 29th.   The news of the closure of this delicious joint makes me very sad.  If you have not been here and can make it there, I'd recommend making at least one visit before it's too late.
5	Today is a sad day. My partner and I went to Maui Dog for the ALWAYS good dogs and fries. They were already closed. This was one of my top 5 meals in Phoenix. Consistently excellent. We will miss you very much. I hope that you find a new home in central Phoenix! Say, Melrose District?
4	Sad face :( It's closed. I hope they just relocated.
3	The dogs were okay. By the time they added all the sauce it made the bun soggy and the dog cold. A little more on the sweet side with the sauces than savory. You could do without the shaved ice. Pure syrup. Shaved ice is hardly "shaved".
1	They need to say they are closed and out of business on their voice message.
