3	Who's Who is a small enough store, selling a mixture of scene clothing and gimmicky tourist attire aimed at a younger age group. Reminds me of the shops in London that line the main street of Camden before you get to the market.Alongside some pop culture logo t shirts and the tourist tat, expect to find affordable skulls, crossbones and stripey clothing of an emo ilk. They sometimes have brands like Living Dead Dolls and those pastel coloured Tees with cookies and milk jugs talking to each other....sounds like I'm tripping but you'd know them if you saw them.I'm a bit too old for this kind of stuff now but I do still enjoy their collection of neon coloured sunglasses and their cheap, sequinned berets. Geared towards a younger audience but when I was 15 I'd have probably loved it.
3	When I was younger I used to absolutely love Who's Who, my friends and I would come in for a browse and spend ages laughing at the tees with funny slogans. I once bought a t-shirt from here saying "I'm busy, you're ugly. Have a nice day" Who was I kidding, I was fourteen and spotty but at the time it seemed a really good idea. It's strange to think how different a person you are when you're in your teens than when you're in your 20's... well I am anyway.The tees here don't do so much for me nowadays but for teens the it still does the job and they have loads of different t-shirts and other clothing to browse through as well as a selection of buttons and patches to sew onto your baggy jeans.
3	With colourful tongue-in-cheak tees and neon legwarmers this seem to be the fashion for the kids these days. You may find a fun hat for a friend or perhaps a funky tshirt line but don't expect anything of quality really here. The serive has always been super friendly and they do (quite cleverly) stock sunglasses, hats and gloves all year round- after all this is Scotland you just never know which one or all of the above you will require throughout any day. The sunglasses rack can be amusing if you like posing with sunnies (ahem) but other than these factors it seems like fashion just left the building.
3	This shop is very like Star, which is found just a couple of minute's walk away from Who's Who.  In fact, I'm fairly certain that they stock exactly the same things.Inside, you'll find a range of t-shirts, clothes and accessories that are probably aimed at teens, or at least at your inner rebel.  They'll have slogans on that could be film lyrics or taglines, or references to other pop culture things.  In general, they tend to not be the sort of things I would buy, but I do find myself being drawn to a t shirt that is bright orange, and says "Ginger Appreciation Society Member" on it.  Being a ginger myself though, I feel that that may be slightly overdoing the orange, as I already have it all over my face.Anyway, this is very much a niche store catering to a specific sort of person, and so it fits in well with the other things that Cockburn Street has to offer.  Like Fiona says, if you're not a 14 year old emo, then this place probably isn't your cup of tea.
3	If you can get past the naff name and even naffer window displays, Who's Who is a shop that stocks cheap and cheerful clothes for teenagers.Like Star, their identity seem to be skinny jeans, baggy jeans, hoodies, sweaters, shirts and lots of skintight tees with ironic slogans and stupid statements. For those teens that already have too many clothes strewn across their bedrooms, there's a small selection of hats, belts and daft, Kanye West style sunglasses. Y'know the ones I mean, right? Whilst the prices are cheap as chips, I'd rather shop at H&M or American Apparel if I was a teenager again.
