3	I wandered into this restaurant after walking down St Denis for way, way too long without finding anything that looked appealing to me.The prices are pretty reasonable and the food is decent.  I had a friendly waitress, and it seemed like everyone was having a pretty good time.  I had the lunch menu with a crepe, good stuff, and came with a salad, juice, coffee and dessert.  I wouldn't seek this one out, but if you're stuck on St Denis midday and checking this review on your iPhone, feel free to wander on in.
4	I love taking my friends from out of town to Bistro Fruits Folie. It is much better than Chez Cora and rivals Eggspectations in my opinion. The servers are always super cheerful and efficient. Portions are pretty big and prices are reasonable. The food itself isn't AMAZING, but it's still good...definitely hits the spot after a night of drinking. Their roasted potatoes are great, as is their smoked salmon omlette. Definitely a place I'll be visiting again and again!
3	Family-Friendly. Affordable prices. Lots of patrons. But food was pretty average.
2	Meh describes this place well. We were wandering around looking for a relatively inexpensive dinner on our first night in Montreal. We walked up and down Rue St Denis and had lots of options, but settled on this place. It was pretty simple, sandwiches, some Italian dishes, salads, nothing out of the ordinary. I got a salmon and cream cheese club, which was primarily cream cheese and bread. They were out of the cous cous special, and one of the bottles of white wine we wanted. The service was fine, the one or two French words I know coupled with some pointing got the message across. Getting the check took a while, which seems to be a common thing with every place we went. Maybe it's just part of the Montreal restaurant culture? Don't know about that, but I do know I'm not going back here. Choosing this place was based entirely on an empty stomach and a nearly empty wallet.
4	My friends and I were roaming around looking for a nice brunch-style place mid-day, on a Saturday. We walked by this Bistro and were caught by the look of the place and the menu.The portion sizes were fantastic and extravagant. The quality was extremely satisfying and the service was good.
3	For those who walk along St-Denis regularly, multiculturalism takes a whole new meaning: there's everything, for everyone and for every wallet. Grain de Folie doesn't have much "folly" to brag about, but they do decent food at great prices. Adventurous eaters and food snobs should stay well away because Grain de Folie is anything but adventurous. Food is conventional and made with a modicum of care.I am usually the last person in a group to notice slow service, as my brain keeps me entertained enough. A couple of times, though, I noticed the slow service at Grain. Given, it was on very busy days (a full house is a rarity at this joint), so it's probably due to under-staffing.Make no mistake - under-staffing denotes lack of ambition. I say Grain should get some pepper up their bum, some ambition into their spirit and some spice in their menu. Variety, experimenting, eccentricity - if you call yourself by a name that says "folly", live up to it and staff yourself accordingly.
4	This is my go-to breakfast/brunch place when I'm staying in Montreal. It has your basic breakfast menu and serves delicious eggs benedict (if that's what you're into), crepes, fruit, and other typical breakfast offerings. I don't see why people have hated on this restaurant. It's nothing spectacular, just a great, cheap place to get breakfast. I wouldn't go there for dinner, but they do have a good pasta carbonara. If you're looking for dinner, head up the block a little toward Edoardo's. It has DELICIOUS pasta dishes for a totally affordable price.
2	Food was very good, service not so much. Our server failed to let us know that our food had been dropped on the ground, never offered us any drinks and forgot to bring out our soup. When the food came it was cold, but after heated up was delicious. My father had the club sandwich and I had the chicken with herbs and avocado.
4	What a pleasant surprise to have stumbled upon this restaurant! We went there for a Sunday brunch and the place was quite packed. Our waiter didn't speak much English but he had a great attitude and cute gestures so we got along really well (and were quite entertained).Special of the day was a juice cocktail - strawberry, blueberry, pineapple - so we promptly got that, and some coffees. On to the extensive menu - you really experience a first world problem of having too many choices to pick from - and after studying it well, we ordered three different items.I got the smoked salmon sandwich (see picture) which came with a huge platter of fruit. The salmon was really fresh and the combination of ingredients (cheese, capers, etc.) made it very tasty. Others on the table ordered an omlette (large, fluffy and contained sausage and vegetables) and french toast. I don't usually like French toasts but this one was cooked just right and the amount of egg wasn't overwhelming. Service was somewhat slow. However, we were not in a rush and the weather was great so no complaints. We really had a great meal.Montreal does great brunch for sure.
2	Service is very slow. Food is ok depending of what you order. Crepes are fine but far from amazing (Go to Juliette & Chocolat instead for this). I ordered the burger deluxe and I can say with confidence that it is probably the worst burger I ate in my whole life McDo, Burger King and Snack bars included.The Latte coffee is good for the price... but it took 15 mins to get it. Might be a nice plan B for breakfast if other places are full. But definitely not a plan A.
