4	Chose this place based on the previous review. I live in the Banksville area and have been searching for a decent place for Chinese takeout for years. Particularly, my wife and I have been searching for a restaurant with ample, fresh veggies (with rice and brown sauce or with lo mein) and crisp, tasty tofu. I called Tong's for the first time without referencing a menu and simply described what I was looking for over the phone. They said, "Yep, we can do that" and then told me it'd be ready in 20 minutes.I got there and it's as unpretentious as the reviews say. A regular walked in behind me and asked where the kid was and apparently he was in vacation in China. While waiting for my food (I was early), I perused the menu and noticed that what I had ordered (mixed veggies w/ brown sauce and an order of General Tso's tofu) didn't exist on the menu. I was charged a reasonable amount in spite of this and it turned out pretty good. Not my favorite tofu to date (Mandarin Gourmet downtown wins that) but definitely satisfied my craving. Vegetables were also very, very good. They included zucchini, carrots, broccoli, onions and other good stuff without the typical "filler" veggies that you find at cheaper places. With that being said, this place was a buck or two cheaper than everywhere else I've tried in a 10 mile radius. Bottom-line: Best Chinese restaurant this side of the tunnels. Highly recommend.
3	Happened to have Tong Garden because it was close by, and not pizza! The hot and sour soup is okay, thick and heavy on the white pepper, not my favorite. Silver Palace on Rt. 88 has a much better version. The steamed dumplings are tasty, but I almost want to bet they are pre fab, not made in house. My favorites are anything and everything spicy, although I always request extra spicy, and the Kung Pao chicken, and beef have both been tasty. The version of Ma Par Tofu was good, but heavy with oil. Consistency is usually there, but a few occasions, I was told a different cook was in the kitchen, and it tasted like it. Sweet and sour pork ordered for someone was a disappointment.Tong Garden is okay for something different, reasonable prices, and always friendly service. Not a regular go to, but it'll suffice in a pinch.
4	yummy, yummy chinese food.  thank heavens for there being one in brookline.  great food.  friendly, fast service.  decent prices.  funny kid who jumps out and tries to scare me every time i go is great in store entertainment.  very simple decore.i always walk here when i order since it so close and they always have it ready before i get there.  usually get the general tso's.  must try the other menu items someday.
4	I saw some good reviews on here for The Tong Garden, and I've lived in Brookline my whole life, just haven't ever tried this place.  So I ordered the General Tso's lunch special and tried it out.  Came to $5.95 and was a good portion of meat and rice, I ALMOST couldn't finish!  But I did.  One note if you order the General Tso's, wait at least 5 minutes before you eat it.  Be especially careful when dipping the chicken in the sauce, which is about the temperature of lava!  Even about 15 minutes after I got it, it was pretty damn hot, so be careful!  Other than that, my lunch was delicious.  I'm going to have to try some more things here.  I usually order my General Tso's from China Village on Library Road next to the Castle Shannon Storage, and I'll probably continue to do so.  I think it's $4.80, you get about the same amount of chicken, more rice, but it's more flavorful.  The lady there is really nice too and is impressed every time when I ask for chopsticks.  But I will be back to Tong Garden to sample some more dishes.
3	good no-frills old-school chinese grub on the doudy eastern end of brookline boulevard.  some nicer lighting / interior design would do them well.  the space is dim/gloomy and just ... utilitarian ...  i guess you get what you pay for  ?  i love the mongolian beef and the hot n sour soup is delightful on a frigid cold winter day in pittsburgh ...
