4	The place is cluttered, in an unimaginably grotty strip mall, and infinitely fascinating.  They have a nice selection of salwar kameez (the womens' tunic/pant sets), a huge selection of heat-and-eat dishes, fresh produce, grains, spices, Indian pickles of every description, and some lovely looking sweets in a cooler counter right by the front door.  If you want a more Westernized shopping experience, head for the Indian market in the Target shopping center at Maryland Parkway and Flamingo, but if you want something more adventurous and a larger selection, shop here.
3	biggest indian market in town, a little pricey...Large frozen foods section!
4	I really like this store. The owner Gopal, does a fantastic job of carrying everything you'd need for an Indian meal, or Indian household.The spice selection is fantastic and for the most part, organized. The produce is pretty legit. Lot of "unusual" items like dragonfruit, and fresh okra. Get creative. Google their uses. You'd be surprised.Lots of different rices and flours for any carb-friendly palate.If you do a lot of Indian grocery shopping, and you find that this store is missing an item, tell the owner. He'll have it there by the next day or so. Excellent customer service.One last note, check out the snack aisle. All kinds of amazing stuff. And most of it is buy 2 get 1 free. Can't beat that!!
4	I know this isn't the biggest Indian market in town, but I still really like coming here!  First of all, they provide really friendly customer service - this place just has a good vibe.  Also, their produce section is great - fresh shipments comes in every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.  They also carry some items that I haven't seen at any other Indian market in town, like this Mangalorean specialty called kori roti (a kind of thin crispy rice bread).  This market is well stocked, everything has price tags and they treat you well.
5	We love this place/ It's where we get our groceries. I am from Singapore and been living in Las Vegas since 2002. Gopal, the owner of this market, been great to us. If you want something that's not there, ask him to order it for you. He will try & accommodate your requests. We've seen it grow from a store to a bigger market. Enjoy!
1	How how how?? How can it get a 5 and 4 star. This really is such a run down place. As usual most of the products are expired. Please beware and check the expiry date on everything.The vegetables look stale and rotten. Onions are the worst affected, not sure how can people eat that.Unfortunately this and another Indian store are the only ones around. So you dont have a choice. You are better off eating buffet or dining out at may indian restaurants on the strip.
4	I went here for the first time yesterday (1/6/12) to get some papada and chutney.  The staff was very helpful in giving me suggestions about what flavors they had and where things were.As others have noted, the store is very cluttered.  It seems like they have almost any Indian food product you could want.  There are non-food items, too.This was my first foray in the India market but I'll be back to buy some curries and make my own dishes at home.
4	I go here to pick up specific indian veggies that are not available at the regular grocery stores, as well as dry lentils and beans, pickles and spices! Initially, the store was a bit disorganized but they have done a good job organizing the place. We try to go midweek as they get fresh veggies on Tuesday and Saturday(I think!)Almost everything is available here and the owners are very customer oriented and quickly help us find anything we cannot locate ourselves.They have a delicious aisle full of indian snacks available in bags(the alternative to the potato chip). As well, you can find different varieties of indian bread-naan, tandoori roti, parantha etc. as well as deserts. i've also seen ethopian injera bread being sold here-though never tried it!I do find that their pricing for some items is a bit higher though.Overall, a decent place to pick up indian groceries close to home.
1	I go to this store occasionally to buy some spices which I cannot get in other places. The price here is one of the highest in Las Vegas with low-average quality goods. Be careful to read the bill before you leave, I have been charged of goods I never bought. Personally I wont suggest this store If you are looking for quality items at cheap or moderate price because they don't offer either.
4	I love this place. It has what I need. Parathas especially from Kawanku. Gopal did a good job at expanding his business.
2	i would give this a 2 star.  the place is just disorganized.  lots of products and lots of different brands.  there is a huge parking in front. they close at 8 p.m.
4	India Market has been located in this plaza for almost 10 years now. My family has been shopping it since I was a small boy. There's definitely been a lot of expansion and change to the entire store and its customers. It has evolved from selling products only Indians would purchase to products that attract a lot of local Ethiopians as well. What started as a small Indian store ran by a husband and wife has since expanded into the neighboring spaces in the mall. The demand has definitely soared over the years, especially since it is the oldest Indian market in Las Vegas... fyi there's only 1 other major one in Vegas.The store itself is located in the back end of a rather aging strip mall on Maryland Parkway and Tropicana near the UNLV Campus. The physical facility definitely shows its age, a large canopy sign with black font reading "India Market" covers the top of the entrance. As you enter the store the first thing that greets you is the end of the checkout counter. The store is decently size, ~1000 - 1250 sq ft. However it is immensely packed with gondolas stuffed with product, only 3-4 ft of space between each aisle. I can say with confidence they probably don't pass ADA requirements. The densely packed store is filled with many different cuisines from the heart of India; they sell lots of products, produce, and groceries from many different regionals of India. I know when I'm running an errand for Indian groceries; India Market always seems to carry what I'm looking for. India Market is definitely home to many staple ingredients, and foods of Indian Cuisine. They have everything any anything from turmeric powder, basmati rice, lentils, and spices all straight from India. What's also great about India Market is there wide selection of Indian beverages and brands straight from India. They carry it all, from mango juice, litchi juice, aloe vera juice, and imported sodas such as limca and thumbs up. If that doesn't take the cake, they also carry freshly made Ethiopian bread! India market really does do a great job bringing in all varieties of ethnically diverse foods from India and Ethiopia! To put it in to a percentage, India market probably carries ~80% ethnic/specialty foods versus your typical American foods. Of course the other 20% consists of regular American soda, and groceries such as lettuce, onions, peppers, etc.The Organization, arrangement, sanitation, and merchandising are completely different that what you would expect at an American grocery store. Since the shop is run like a mom and pop, it's definitely nothing hear the corporate American model. As I mentioned earlier the store is decently sized for being located in a strip mall, however it is packed like a maze with gondolas and freezers linking the floors. The store is clean and bearable, it's by no means filthy or dirty but then again it doesn't come close to a traditional American grocery store. Likewise, there's very minimal merchandising, the store is sectioned by small hanging signs, but there's no order to the madness, if it's a spice section be prepared to find turmeric powder next to cumin seeds.In a nutshell, go into this place with expectations of a mom and pop shop oriented towards Indian's and you'll definitely get the experience. This place is PACKED with different India products... sometimes it feels like they imported the entire store from India.
2	Its an OK ethnic grocery store. Being an India, I like to munch of some traditional Indian snack. They have lot of these, however it seems like they are not as fresh as Rani on West side of LV. I must have found 5 things that were had expired on shelf and I had to notify the store owner.  Some of the food items are fresh, but the prices tend to be bit higher. Overall, if you don't want to drive to the other side of the town, than this store is a alright option for you to shop at. If you want to get quality food than go to Rani, they also serve freshly made indian cuisine.
4	Great market for spices. Don't expect too good customer service but you will get what you need at wholesale prices. Most restaurants come here to buy their spices.
