3	Need tiny safety pins, googly eyes or fimo clay ? If you are a crafter, model builder or a kid of any size you might want to check out the Hobby Bench.  Model Airplane builders , train geeks and little old ladies with dolls ,have a super place to have their needs fulfilled. This store has a wide variety of model building supplies, craft supplies and science materials . Who knew my ten year old would actually request to go here to browse?   I was kind of shocked at how much there was and the variety. Great place to buy a birthday present that might actual make a kid use their brain. The store seemed strangely busy for a Sunday afternoon. I guess I was shocked because with the economy being slow and all,I thought it would be near closing..but good news the economy appears fine in Hobby Bench.  I watched  a couple of large purchases of items I was reassured that hobbyists must make sure to budget to have their creative needs fulfilled. Prices seemed reasonable  and clerks helpful..
4	This is not the original Hobby bench, which is by Bookmans, but I find little to differentiate the two.  A general service hobby shop, covering everything from model trains and RC to needlework and basic art supplies.  So, you aren't going to find super specialized items, but you will find some of everything.  If you need basic supplies - in my case paint, tools - this is the place.Like an old time hobby store - you never know what you may find lurking on the shelves here.  So, fun place to browse.  We don't have too many choices in hobby shops in Phoenix, but either Hobby Bench is worth a stop occasionally.
5	My son and I went to pick up a few parts for our Traxxes Nitro car and truck. WOW! There personal attention was really great  along with helpful knowledge. I ended up buying a new stadium truck as well and I went online in front of them to check their price. To my amazement, it was within literally a few dollars with others. Hats off to you guys @ The Hobby Bench for your attitudes and help. P.S. Your map location is off!
1	Horrible.
4	Huge selection of different hobbies.  Anything RC they have it.  Very helpful staff and the store is always neat. There pricing is a little higher than pretty much every store in town but they always have what you need.
1	WAY over priced. Poor customer 'service'. I am a RC guy, so the RC side is the only part of the store I shop in...or should say shopped in.I stopped shopping here 4 years ago because of their prices & attitudes. I stopped in to pick up some heli blades on Friday & what do ya know, they were pricks as usual. F this place, won't be back.They've been in business for so long because they WAX beginners with their high prices. Ask any 5+ year hobbyist, hobby bench = rob me bench.
1	Kind of a bad vibe when you walk in....two old ladies that seem to guard the front counter area and refuse bathroom service to my 5 year old girl but they of course will go back and sit THEIR geriatric @ss on the toilet.. We had to go next door to subway even after paying for overpriced toys. The RC airplane guys are great and it has a stellar selection of models to build but again......The train guys are cool too.but.....do not have have the store with stuffed animals, dolls horses and girlee stuff and then refuse to let a 5 year old use your bathroom. TERRIBLE business decision.BTW...thank you to the kind people at subway for allowing my little girl to use the facilities. THEY....are actually in business. We bought sandwiches there to patronize them. Do NOT patronize these people until they can the two counter guards.If you have a family...be sure and ask them if your kid can use the restroom as a matter of quality control and then TEAR IN to those two old bats as a matter of principle.
4	Usually pretty helpful. They have parts for my quadcopter, which my wife bought me here. She also had very nice service from the staff. A little pricey, but to me, that is worth the convenience of it being close to my house.
5	This place has been around for years, not the best service in some ways but they have anything you need when it comes to hobbies.
4	Great little hobby shop.  Been going there for years.  Prices are competitive, can find stuff online a little cheaper but you get no support. Staff is friendly and helpful.  Some of the guys are not the most outgoing but they know their stuff.  I keep going back and will continue to.
1	Don't shop here if your preferred payment method is American Express. They don't accept the card. Just showed up with $150 worth of AMEX gift cards to do Christmas shopping for my kids. Not only would they not take my AMEX credit card, they also refused my AMEX gift cards.Congratulations Hobby Bench on losing out on a sale of at least $150 and probably more.
