3	In my quest to find the best natural hair salon in the qc I ended up at 33 Fingers.  This salon is located near the corner of Eastfield and Prosperity Church....perfect location as it is close to the neighborhood.  A simple rod set was my request and though she didn't have the traditional rods the long cushion rollers worked just as good and this chic was very fast, I swear she rolled my hair in 20 minutes or less...quite impressive as I have experienced much longer roll time for this particular style.  I expect very few things when dealing with salons especially if I am a first time client........ things that I consider no brainer's and they are....some line of questioning about my hair(history, etc.), a general idea that healthy hair is your priority, thorough shampooing of my hair, and the benefit of being able to explain how I like my hair.......simple.  I realize that all stylist are clearly not created equal but some things in my opinion are just the standard.  I was satisfied with the result of my hair but it may take a bit more for a second visit.
5	If you are looking for a natural hair stylist/salon, than 33 Fingers is the place to go! Natural hair is not the only type of hair this salon will style, yes 33 Fingers will cater to women with relaxed hair as well. There is only one hair stylist (Tamika) in the salon and she is the sole owner of this establishment.I have been getting my hair done here for the past 7 years and have always been pleased with my results. The stylist is by far the most talented hair stylist I have gone to and she is capable of pretty much anything. She knows how to style relaxed and natural hair and her styles are limitless. She can do, but is not limited to the following:  Micro braids, Senegalese twists, Havana twists, box braids, roller sets, fluff twists, dreadlocks, coloring, an abundance of natural hairstyles, weaves, and the list goes on. Tamika is always growing, learning, and developing more as a stylist everyday. She has her own product line, which she uses on her clients and sells to clients. I only use her hair care products, and have been happy with how they work on my hair. Since a lot of women are transitioning from having relaxed hair to becoming natural (chemically free hair) and embracing their natural curls, it has become hard to find a hair salon/stylist who can cater to their needs. However, 33 Fingers does an excellent job with helping women make that transition from relaxed to natural and to move forward with being able to maintain and grow their natural hair. This has been the case for me and I have become more confident about rockin' my natural hair in the many styles I get done at the salon.Another great plus about this salon is that Tamika is very flexible with scheduling appointments and caters to her client's needs. Something I know parents will appreciate is that she does all ages, YES she does children too, whether they are 3 years old or a teenager. I also love that she keeps it real and honest with me (and all clients) and let's me know when and how I need to take care of my hair, what styles look good or don't look good , and if there is something I'm doing to my hair or a product I'm using that I need to stop doing or using so that my hair can be healthy. I can go on and on and on about how great 33 Fingers Salon is, but how about you go check it out for yourself and let me know what you think??? Tell Tamika I sent you : )
4	I was thoroughly impressed by Tamika! Her creativity, her products & her efficiency really made my first time appointment with her a pleasure. She was able to detangle my hair with little to no pulling. Her product detangled my hair to a manageable state. My appointment was at 9am and I was walking out of her salon by 10am. I will be going back to 33 Fingers!
