5	Bread made on site is delicious! Very hospitable owners, love the olives. Wonderful beef with couscous, lots of vegetables. Will definitely be back as we work very close to here.  And must try the house hot tea!
4	This place is a trip to morocco! Try the tea and the date shake. The bread is awesome. The owner is a gracious host and gave us a bunch of stuff to try. I love the decorations in the place too! A fun trip out
4	ALL ABOARD! THE MARRAKECH Express has arrived in Phoenix!HIDDEN GEM ALERT!This is a tiny but exotic Moraccon Restaurant with only four inside tables and four big bench tables outside. Much of the food they serve are slow braised meats that mostly come with couscous. It's like what your grandmother would prepare for you if she was Moroccan. The male owner was just like my grandmother. I kept telling him I was full but he kept bringing us more food. Pricing is very low and portions are very large. (currently they offer a $5.99 lunch special)We entered not knowing what we'd order and then the owner introduces himself and makes light conversation with us. He tells us to sit down and he said he'd just bring food to us to try. We started with Date Shakes, Moroccan Mint Tea, House made Lemon Cured Olives, Fresh Baked Bread and Moroccan Carrots. It was all good and it was all fresh!Next came a soup. It was thickened with Garbanzo Beans and had noodles. This was a goat based soup.A BIG generous dishes of slow braised fall off the bone tender, beef ribs, and lamb arrive, a dish of stewed potatoes followed by a plate of tender flavorful dark quarters of chicken on a platter with more couscous and an assortment of vegetables.We also tried tasting style chicken bastilla. That's a puff pastry stuffed with their really good and tasty chicken, cinnamon and powdered sugar. What a FEAST!And it ended with house made Moroccan Desserts!Pricing was very low and potions were very large.A current grade "A" Maricopa inspection is posted.The Restaurant Front is Rough but it's a Gem inside.Parking might be difficult. (I parked next door)Get your Couscous on at Couscous Express!call them for their hours of operation  Hours at this time are M-F 10:30-5 and Saturday 11:00-4
5	Hidden gem. Best hospitality in central Phoenix. Great food. Light fluffy coucous. Started with olives,  carrot and homemade pita appetizer. Spices just right, not over powering like most Moroccan restaurants. Fluffiest pitas ever. Hot mint tea. I had the vegetable couscous (today was potato, changes daily), wife had the lamb couscous. Both were delicious. Finished with baklava (a kind I've never seen before, made a great meal fantastic) and date shake, so good I'd make  a twenty mile detour to eat here. Small building so get there early or on a slow lunch day. My wife had another kind of pastry, which was so good she are it all, very unusual for her. Our host was Abdul. Very gracious, all the while giving fast friendly service, I recommend everyone try this place.
