5	I was very disappointed when the sign in the window at this address read "Dunkin Donuts coming soon!" was taken down. As an East Coast transplant, DD was a welcome addition, and only 1 mile from my house! I was sure whatever corporate schlock peddler would replace it would be awful. Yesterday, I drove by the location, and saw a sign reading "Jimmy Johns now open". WooHoo, another sandwich shop. I got home, and told my wife about what I saw, and we decided to give JJ's a whirl. We ordered online, I got the smoked turkey and bacon (the LuLu), and my wife ordered the vegetarian. The food arrived in exactly 24 minutes, that's fast!!My sandwich was fabulous, they built the sandwich with ample amounts of meat and cheese, and did not over do the condiments. The roll was fresh and amazing. It had a firm outer crust, followed by a pillow soft interior. The veggies were all fresh and crunchy.I added light oregano and lite oil and vinegar, which was perfect for me. My wife loved her sandwich as well, for the same reasons. We will be ordering again soon, I urge everyone else to give JJ's a try!!
5	I have heard a lot about this franchise so we decided to give it a try. This particular store has a drive thru or walk in. We walked in because we did not know what was on the menu.It was small inside but very clean. The staff greeted us as soon as we walked in. All sandwiches come on French Bread and it tells you what comes on it. So as we were placing our order they were actually making the sandwiches as we did so. from the time we walked in and walked out with our sandwiches was about 15 min.I got the #7 which had ham on it with cheese, tomato, mayo, lettuce and so YUMMY. My husband got #14 with extra Provolone cheese. It was delicious and we will try them again. Oh and they do deliver as well..
5	Freaky fast is an understatement!  Awesome sandwiches and great service definitely will  do it again.
5	Love their sandwiches!!  Bread is always fresh and service always great.  I love that they have nationwide locations.  Their veggie sub on wheat is my favorite!
5	Awesome sandwiches and freaky fast ! The staff are nice and the shop is clean and very inviting.I really enjoy these sandwiches!
