5	This place just opened. I must say a hidden treasure indeed amongst all the strip malls across Chandler.My friend took me here last weekend and I must say, this place impressed me. Being a sushi snob from LA, the portions were quite large and in charge and the sushi was fresh. Their Albacore was delicious. Melted in my mouth with the ginger and ponzu sauce. They also have some killer lunch specials and the staff have exotic eyes (one with blue eyes and one with a lazy). The tempura was also good- not oily at all and very fresh. Try their bento box lunches. Lots of food- most of it under $9 with edamame and miso.Decor is gross but honestly come here for the sushi. It's really good for the price! (lunch for 4 was only $35!)
5	You know its good when you're the only non-Japanese in there.This place was awesome.  The prices were fantastic, the fish was fresh, and the service was attentive.Love it.
4	Consistently good. We found this joint by accident and been there a few times. Food is quite good and they have some items that are a bit hard to come by other places around for some reason - Like Soba Soup. Service was pretty nice and food came out rather fast and as always tasted real good. "I like"Eugene
4	WAY low prices, and very decent sushi.  They almost always have toro, which is a big plus in my book, and it's actually inexpensive in relation to other sushi places, which makes it even better.  Most importantly, the sushi has always been fresh.I've never ordered off the regular menu, and I've always sat at the bar, so I can't speak to the service other than the sushi chef, and his service is consistently good.  This place consistently passes my "tea test" with flying colors (iced tea glass is refilled at 3/4 empty at a minimum, and never allowed to go dry).The plating certainly isn't the most elegant or artistic, but the fish is fresh and tasty and the prices are low, so that offsets the visual appeal (or lack thereof).If your usual idea of sushi is a place with sleek, modern decor, thumping music, expensive eats and lots of 20-somethings slamming sake bombers (can you say Ra?), this is not the place for you.  Sushi Ken is hidden behind some other buildings in a strip mall, and absolutely lacks ambiance.  Nonetheless, the fact that I have often been the only patron with round blue eyes lends credence to my opinion that the food is "authentic" (for whatever that's worth) and well-prepared.
5	I live just down the road from Sushi Ken, and I am definitely a regular. I also live down the street from Ra, and there aren't two restaurants which could be more opposite! Sushi Ken is  family owned and operated, very starkly decorated, and usually filled with asian families (and often screaming children). So if you're seeking a hip, trendy, sushi scene, then you probably should head down the street to Ra. However, if you want authentic Japanese food and fresh, inexpensive sushi (and possibly a wait to be seated) then head on over to Sushi Ken.There was a point when I was eating here 2-3 times a week! I also made a point of systematically trying everything on the menu, and I can recommend it all. Almost. I wasn't a fan of the ginger beef dish. I don't even know if that's still on the menu...I have a Japanese friend who first introduced me to the cuisine in college, and when Sushi Ken first opened I told her she had to go. Sure enough, she fell in love with the place and now makes a weekly trek (even though she lives and works in North Phoenix!) I think this shows the authenticity of the place -- there are so many authentic Japanese dishes on the menu that you won't find at a typical sushi restaurant. For example, she loves to order sanma (a whole fish steamed, mackerel I believe), which she said she hadn't eaten since she last visited Japan. Now, as for my favorites. For lunch - you can't beat the price of makanouchi.  It's this HUMONGOUS bento box filled with a variety of  yummy delights (great for when you can't decide what to get). Tuna sashimi, cooked salmon, tempura, 3 california rolls, an egg roll, squid salad, seaweed salad, karokke (breaded potato cake), pickled vegetables, two pieces of tamago (sushi omelette), a wonton, and rice. All for $7.50!! It's a steal, especially since makanouchi costs nearly twice as much at dinner.  Oh, and did I mention every lunch special comes with soybeans or salad and miso soup? As if the meals themselves didn't already fill you to the brim! I have a sister who is one of the pickiest people I know. My friend Eric is probably the pickiest person I know. I've taken both of them to Sushi Ken, and both of them ordered the teriyaki chicken, and both of them loved it.  And both are eager to go back! So, it's also a great place to take a crowd, since they have something for even the pickiest of eaters. Also, I love their tuna tataki roll -- lightly seared tuna, with ginger and scallions. Absolutely delicious. All of their sushi is fresh, and they certainly beat the prices of all the other sushi restaurants in the area.I'm also a fan of the iced green tea - and the servers know me well enough to just leave a pitcher on the table. :)  The servers, and Ken himself, work extremely hard  -- at one point, when the restaurant first opened, there was just two servers and one of them told me that they had not taken a day off in 72 days!! Luckily, they seem to have done well enough to hire many new servers, and an extra sushi chef, and the original gals don't seem as overworked.There have been times when I've gone on a random Thursday night and had to wait a good 30 minutes in line before being seated. This isn't extremely unusual at peak hours at Sushi Ken, although since they have hired more help it seems the waiting has gone down some. They won't seat people unless the server can immediately attend to you, which is why there will be several tables open and no one is being seated at them.  I have yet to find another restaurant in the east valley which comes close to Sushi Ken in terms of quality of food and price.
4	Can we just keep this between ourselves? They just don't need any more customers to form a line at Sushi Ken.I lived in Japan for four years. My husband is Japanese, & we've picked apart every sushi restaurant in the East Valley(not on Yelp, though). I should make a list.This is where we eat sushi. We live @ 40 minutes away & drive in for a meal.(Though with the price of gas...)In the price:freshness ratio of good sushi, Sushi Ken has it made.It's like a real Japanese family restaurant. Giant menus with a little of everything on it. Want sushi? Got it! Kids only eat noodles? Got it! Sister-in-law doesn't eat fish? Got it! Just like home, there's something for everyone. In addition, the sushi is actually good, fresh & plentiful. Plus, if you can read Japanese there's little signs posted around with specialties like negitoro donburi, my favorite.Here's a little story;We've been married almost 33 years. I'm ashamed to say that until my last trip to Japan in 2004 I didn't like sushi. At the great Tsukigi Fish Market, I ate my first negitoro donburi & fell in love. I even had it as my last meal at the airport before we left Japan, and my husband has taught himself to make it for me at home.(good guy!) It was life changing!So go to Sushi Ken, and enjoy! But let's just keep it between us so there's still some negitoro for me!
4	Dear Ken,I love your restaurant because the cooked food is just as good as your reasonably priced sushi so that non sushi eaters (read-WIFE) still want to take me there for my raw fish fix.But why, oh why is the service so slow and maddening?  Could it be you don't have enough servers to help your sweet, overworked staff?And why won't you listen to me and open a branch closer to my house in South Chandler?  But I digress, love you like family, keep up the good work and see you Saturday.
5	Good place. Spicy tuna, 8 piece roll was only $6.25. Generous portions. Serve Miso Soup and Edamame when you order. No nonsense place. Courteous staff and fast service. We went on a Monday night around 7pm. There were a lot of japanese individuals having dinner there so that tells you that this place must be good.
5	Best thing to happen to Phoenix in a long time.  One of the few places I know that serve Japanese food that doesn't just consist of Sushi or teriyaki chicken bowls.  You must eat:Katsu curryRamenGyu donNiku SobaTenzaru SobaI wish they still had hamachi kama :(If you haven't eaten here and say you enjoy Japanese food, then I would begin to question whether you even like it at all to begin with (or you just tell your friends you do just so you can come off as cultured and "with it").  And if you HAVE eaten here and aren't digging it *coughteriyakichickenwtfcough*, there's a splendid Neo Tokyo up the road that may be more suited to your "tastes" (or lack thereof).
2	I'm updating my reviewThe last three times I ate at this place, it was pretty poor.The sashimi was chewy, fishy, and just all around gross.I got teriyaki chicken and the chicken appeared to have been microwaved...I'm disappointed since this place is soooo close to my house.  Alas, I must find another place.  Booo!
4	Had a great dinner here.  Service was attentive.  Food excellent and cost very fair.Fish quality was very good and very fresh.  Large sashimi cuts that other places would have halved and served you twice. Unagi was grilled very well here as well as the ubiquitous rolls were done with panache and also very large portions.  The one downside was the tempura and sashimi combinations.The sashimi was great but the tempura was one prawn, one piece of onion and a pepper type.  Not a great selection for tempura.  Another highlight and an exceedingly good value is the chirashi sushi.  Excellent and wide selection of sashimi placed over rice with shreds of grilled seaweed.  Nice selection of beer and hot and cold sake.  Desserts are available though by the time I finished, I was stuffed.
5	Number one!  The best!  Sushi Ken was formerly the great Sushi Ten of Tucson.  It's the best dollar for dollar sushi joint in the country, if not the whole world!  Their chirashi rules!Note: Sushi Ten remains in Tucson, but in name only.  This is the real Sushi Ten!
4	Great value - I ate my heart out and paid 35 dollars including tip. Same meal would probably be 50 bucks in Los Angeles.This place is ran by Japanese people and I found their stuff is more authentic than most. I'm sick of places that has random ppl making sushi because they either: put too much rice in the nigiri..the rice is too sour or the fish cut is too thin/thick.Fish tastes relatively fresh...not the best but def. not the worst. I'd give it a 8/10.This still caters to the traditional Americans who want an assortment of rolls but for those that just want some good old nigiri - you can't beat this place. Place is relatively large so seating is pretty quick.
2	**Updated March 20, 2009**Been there 2 more times. Food is better, but price is still the same. And not the best Sushi. I guess people have to visit more Sushi places in Phoenix, and then Arizona, and then West Coast......... that way you should be able to tell if it is really GOOD sushi or not.I haven't mentioned East Coast or Asia yet, so yea.Been there twice and found it deserves a review..1st time there-Just moved to Phoenix from Bay Area and was craving for some Sushi. A friend of mine heard me and took me there, saying it is the best sushi in the area.Ordered a sushi combo A or something. The price was good, considering the quality of sushi in the middle of dessert. I was drinking a bit and did not really remember too much, but I remembered it was good enough for me to go back.2nd time-My girlfriend came to Phoenix for a visit, and we decided to go for sushi (again.) This time, however, was not so impressive.We ordered the sashimi combo, dynamite, saba nigiri and a few other nigiri. The miso soup was like instant soup, and the sashimi was REALLY NOT FRESH. It smells like it has been sitting the the fridge for ages, and we could not finish it. I don't mean to compare with the fishes I've had before, but it was just not acceptable.General speaking, price is really good, so I will not complain too much. Especially the first time I went, the quality of food was acceptable. But I would not go back for another time, unless I know I am really craving for sushi and can't think of anywhere else.
4	Everything is awesome at this place, and authentic according to my Japanese friend.I just love the fact that they have more than just sushi. Their fish with rice dish was amazing. Since I've come to AZ, I've never seen this dish at any Japanese restaurants around here.The staff is all Japanese, with somewhat limited English, so I guess you know you're at an authentic place.
5	The menu has real authentic Japanese selections. It reminds me of my trips to Japan.  My favorites are the Ramen and Sashimi. The price is reasonable and the service is great...Everyone should try it and I bet you would come back again...
3	This is a casual, family friendly Japanese restaurant.  I usually come here for take out.  There is a good selection of cooked food and sushi.  The food is relatively cheap, and they give you a lot of fish in their sushi.  Try the spicy scallop roll and the white tuna tataki roll.  The sashimi combo and soft shell crab appetizers are also good deals.  However, the fish is not always fresh.  I have had chewy, even smelly sashimi.  Sometimes, the fish are cut too big.  I would say the quality tends to be better on weekends when they sell more.  The service is always fast and friendly.  I go back because there are not too many affordable sushi places around.  Just know that the food quality isn't always the best.
4	This place is absolutely delicious but you'll want to stay away on Friday and Saturday nights. It gets packed and the service declines. My boyfriend and I went a couple of weeks ago and if the food wasn't so delicious, the service would have kept us from returning. Kind of like the soup nazi on Seinfeld; you'll do whatever it takes to get what you want!
4	Sushi Ken is completely unassuming.  From the looks of the outside, with its neon beer signs, etc. I thought what kind of place are they taking me to... but after seeing the extensive menu and tasting the yummy cold soba (with its slippery goodness) and surprisingly fresh for the desert sushi, I was hooked.  Whenever I travel to Phoenix, this is one of my top choices for lunch.  They have some great special lunch deals as well. I haven't had dinner here, but it seems like more of a lunch destination to me in terms of atmosphere.
4	From the outside, you would never know how great this place is! Wonderful sushi at great prices - lots of different rolls to choose from. Gave me hope that there may be hope for sushi in the valley after living in the SF bay area surrounded by many wonderful sushi bars. It's always a good sign if there are lots of japanese people eating at a sushi place - this is the case at Sushi Ken. The only thing I wish is that sushi places in the valley would not put spicy mayo or cream cheese in every "creative" role on their menu. The crazy roll is very good. The lunch specials are a great value and always prepared fresh. The kid's box meal is tasty - my daughter loves it - lots of choices.
5	It just keeps getting better and better! I recently found out, thanx to yelp that Sushi Ken is the same as what used to be Sushi Ten in Tucson. OMG!!!!! Myself and my husband used to drool over the thought of Sushi Ten in Tucson and to my surprise now the same people have moved to Ahwatukee just for me so I can drool over their Sushi and eat it too without having to go drive to Tucson. Yikes! Love it Love it. The chunky scallop roll is the best. Try it. This time around I went to pick up around 8 on a Friday night. Had to wait 20 minutes extra because they were packed with people still waiting to be seated.
2	Thought I reviewed this place already.  Since it's been about a year and a half since I last ate here (twice visited, ate once), I plan to give SK another try very soon.  Thought I'd just get the ball rolling now...I met with a few people here the first time, but wasn't feeling hungry enough, so I just joined in the conversations and just observed the food as they were delivered to the table.  Most of my companions that night didn't actually order sushi, and instead, opted for Chinese dishes or Japanese noodles and other hot dishes.  The low menu prices did pique my interest, so when hunger pangs struck me a couple of hours later, I asked relatives if they wanted to join me for sushi (and they did).As noted in the number of stars I posted above, I was not impressed with the rolls/nigiri I tried that evening.  I found the sushi (vinegared rice) lacking in the flavor department, and the roll ingredients to be subpar.  The selections we shared between us were so bland, I can't even recall which rolls and nigiri we had ordered!  Since it's been almost two years, and a lot can change in two years (for good or bad), I will be back to give Sushi Ken another try.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACE! I've been here about 5 times already and I've only lived here for 4 months. Everytime I visit it is more and more crowded...maybe word is getting around about their fabulous food. My mother is Japanese, so I know what good authentic Japanese food is and they have it here. I absolutely love the chasu ramen (hot beef broth soup with noodles and thinly sliced roast pork), it is soooo good. I also highly highly recommend their sashimi platter- the fish melts in your mouth and is so fresh! They don't skimp on their sashimi slices either...expect 1 1/2 inch thick slices! And the bonus is that the sushi chefs are from Japan and the owner are as well! True and delicious Japanese cuisine! They have all your typical traditional entrees: sushi, sashimi, ramen, udon, soba, pork kontatsu, curry rice, fried rice, broiled sama, gyoza, katsu-don, tempura....to name a few.
5	You would think that living in Seattle, I would have found some good sushi.  I guess I did, but if I really wanted *good* sushi, I had to drive three hours to Vancouver.  Now here I am, moved out to the middle of the desert, and I've found a restaurant to beat the pants off of anything in Seattle.I know it's a stereotype that if the workers speak the language of cuisine's country, and if half the people there look like they're from that country, it must be a good place.  Well, so far that stereotype hasn't been wrong for me, and Sushi Ken meets it.  When I asked about the negitoro (which I haven't had since living in Japan), the waitress asked the chef if they had any toro, in Japanese.  (The answer was "nai") :(  Sad times.  But the negihama is a half decent substitute.  The sushi is delicious, and there are all sorts of varieties of rolls.  I'm a sucker for the yami roll, which I really wonder is "yummy" in romaji.  Who cares, it makes me pass out with *nom.*I've also had the tempura ice cream.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it is still purty gosh durn good.Really, when it's good, what else can you say?  You can't go wrong with Sushi Ken.
4	I would say 3.5 stars, but service was prompt and attentive so I'll round it up to 4.Rolls were huge and cheaper than other places. Fish was fresh, spicy tuna was soooo good. I've been twice and there was something "off" to me, the second time I realized it was the sushi rice. Its bland tasting to me.I want to go back to try the curry dishes.
4	A little gem in a strip mall in Ahwatukee.  They're seriously lacking in ambiance but they have great specialty rolls and fantastic lunch specials.  I like the california, cucumber and tuna roll for $8.50.  It comes with salad (with yummy sesame dressing) and miso soup.  My husband is a huge sushi snob and he'll even come here (though it's not his favorite, but like I said, he's a sushi snob).  Their menu is extensive and has lots of choices for the non sushi lovers like katsu (panko breaded and fried meat) and ramen. There's a little something for everyone.
3	I'm updating my review.... yet again.I've come back to this place, since it's like 2 min from my houseThe sushi fish was better.  Average.  Edible.  Good for a quick fix.Solid 3 stars.
4	YUM!  I was there last month with a large group of friends (they don't do separate checks), and was really pleased with the food and service.I LOVE sushi, but was worried about what I could eat while being pregnant.  I was so happy to see they had a large menu of sushi that included cooked meat (other than the boring tuna and California rolls).  I had a spicy lobster roll-SO GOOD- and vegetable tempura.They do have a very large selection of non sushi items, such as tempura, udon, yaki soba, tonkatsu dishes etc.  There is something for everyone.  Oh- some of the freshest tasting wasabi I've had since my first sushi experience in san fran.
1	Trying to find a Sushi place that is open for lunch on Saturday was tough but we did find Sushi Ken. We were served complimentary miso soup and edamame. Their sushi picture menu had a lot going on so it was hard to decide, we ended up getting an avocado roll, a vegetable roll, a crunchy roll and a tempura fried California roll. I wasn't really paying attention to the sushi being made because I was busy eating my soup and edamame. All our rolls looked good but sadly, not tasting all that great. The seaweed was so chewy, the Crunchy Roll is advertised as using snow crab but it was obviously mixed with Krab as well, not to mention what tasted to me like a gallon of Miracle Whip, it was soooooo gross!! The Avocado roll was the best one despite the chewy seaweed, the deep fried roll was just gross too, definitely made with a roll that was quite possibly rolled days ago and the vegetable roll was just OK, it had a strange mix of veggies inside, I don't even know what they were. Now another couple walk in and sit near us at the sushi bar and I was able to see the sushi being made since I was done eating. Sure enough, I see the chef grab pre-made rolls from across the counter and top it with fish for a rainbow roll. GROSS! There is no reason why these rolls could not be made fresh to order. Now on to an even bigger surprise, you know how they usually grab a piece of seaweed and a hand full or rice and begin to work it onto the seaweed........ I saw the chef grab a piece of seaweed and take it down behind counter for literally 1/4 of a second and come back up with it covered with the pressed rice WTF!!! Their rice and seaweed it also pre-made not wonder it was so damn chewy! I would rather wait and wait for freshly made sushi any day than be served soggy chewy old  pre-made Crap! Seriously I'll never go here again!!
4	I am really surprised that it has taken me so long to eat here since it is just a mile or so from my house.  My wife and I tried it out last night and were really, really pleased.  We had tuna tataki, langostino roll, Philadelphia Roll (in honor of the Phillies advancing to the NLCS), spicy tuna roll some gyoza and miso.  Our intent was to have enough to bring home, and we certainly did.  The tuna tataki was the star of the show - I would recommend that anyone who has not been to Sushi Ken should give it a try just for the tataki.  It was excellent - and only $6.95 for a very generous portion.  I was stunned.  The langostino roll was spicy and delicious for and the Philadelphia roll was pretty standard - which is not a criticism, Philly rolls are what they are.  The spicy tuna roll was over the top with spicy tuna mounded on top of a normal spicy tuna roll.  Very impressive for the price and in comparison to other places.  This place is not fancy, but I dont care - I will be coming here to eat, and I will be coming often.  I am so happy that it is in my neighborhood.
2	This place was a mess!  I went here for lunch under a reccomendation from a friend...he was not a friend:)  Walking into the restaurant, the atmosphere was very cafeteria like with the white walls and bright lights, I was not feeling it. I did like the fact that this restaurant was owned by Japanese not Korean, this is rare to find in Phoenix:)I remained optimistic, until I looked at the menu.  They had soooo much going on, it was hard to narrow down what there specialty was.  I good restaurant should always have a specialy.After about 15 min of looking at their menu, and the lunch special menu, and the sushi menu, and the special lunch menu board...I ordered...Uni-  Not freshSashimi assorted- Not fresh, cut is very thickTempura- Not crispy, soggyCold Somen noodles- bad texture, over cookedMiso soup- Made from powder, not pasteSushi Rice-  Not badOverall, this place is a no go....why oh why are good sushi/japanese restaurants so limited in Phoenix?!?
4	Much better than average strip mall Japanese food.  Whenever I eat at a strip mall, I gird myself for potential unpleasantness.  None to be seen here.  Sushi Ken is a bright, cheery place with good service and great food.  They are creative with rolls - they managed to have a few that I had never tried before (Crazy Roll is a version of a shrimp tempura roll, Crunchy roll is a California roll with tobiko and unagi sauce on top).   More than that, they have some excellent entrees.  The saba was big and delicious.  The konkorre (deep fried mashed potato with meet and onions) was, well, deep fried but good.  The tonkatsu was excellent, and the food in general outperformed my expectations.Our friends in the area use this place as their go-to Japanese restaurant, and now I can see why.  Tasty and friendly.  I'm a fan.
5	Sushi Ken is not fancy but it takes you to any-town Japan with good food that is very affordable. The menu is highly diverse with tasty items like shumai, ramen and squid snacks that you don't normally find in US-based Japanese places. The dishes are high quality and the cost performance is excellent. Oishii! Highly recommended.
4	Service is hit or miss but the food is amazing. You know its a good sign when half the restaurant is filled with Japanese people.
4	It was so refreshing to go into a sushi restaurant run by Japanese people.  The atmosphere isn't very nice, the walls are a little too white, the lights too bright.   The sushi more than made up for it.   It was awesome and affordable.   I really enjoyed the meal and service was good.   I would highly recommend for good sushi.
4	Has to be my favorite sushi restaurant in the valley. They are so nice and always greet me and say good bye when I leave. The fact that it's actually run by Japanese is great too! Being Japanese I am really picky about he sushi that I eat so this place meets my high standards. Everyone should try this place if you are in the area.
3	Nice family style restaurant. I go there all the time for some ramen or eel bowl. I recommend the Miso Ramen. The broth is flavorful with plenty of vegetables and slices of pork. The sushi is no good though. I've shared the sashimi combo with my friends multiple times, and almost always have a bad experience. Last time the albacore tuna was soggy to to point of turning to paste.
3	Went to Sushi Ken on a Saturday night with two other girls.  One of them claims the ramen noodles are so so good.  The Charsui ramen noodle was the one of the best.  So of course we had to get it!  The entree came with sushi and green beans.  I ordered gyoza and ice green tea.  The gyoza was ok.  The iced green tea was the real thing.  It was so good.  Then came the Charsui ramen.  The ramen was very good.  The charsui was not bad.  The soup base is soy sauce so it was a little salty for me.
3	had the chashu ramen. noodles were great, as were the chashu, bamboo, seaweed, and fishcake. the broth was a bit disappointing though. tasted like udon broth. it also comes with salad and three pieces of california roll, so portion sizes are excessive, making two out of one.
4	Love Sushi Ken! It's the only place I keep going back to...and it's a hike for me from downtown Phoenix, but totally worth it. Great prices - between $3.50 - $5.50 for sushi - and the fish is double the amount of rice. Rolls run between $5 - $9.50 and they have a great selection. Like others have mentioned, it's not a fancy place - fine by me! It's very authenticate. Sunday nights it's pretty slow so you get fabulous service - and they're always fast to deliver the food. Tried the sweet and spicy roll for the first time tonight and loved it! The only reason i don't give it 5 stars is b/c i've been there when it's busy and the servers can't keep up.
2	After reading all the raves on Yelp and knowing the restaurant's run by Japanese, my hubby and I decided to eat here with our friends tonight, and boy am I disappointed and have to agree with people who gave low ratings for the restaurant! :(First off, when we went into the restaurant, the place didn't look really nice. Quite plain and dark indeed. Then I could only see waitresses and chefs who are NOT Japanese, and I was kind of wondering if I had gone to the wrong place. Ok, when we sat down, two people came to serve us and we finally see one Japanese woman, then I felt a bit relieved that I got to the right place.I ordered a korokke curry coz I missed the taste of korokke so much, not a lot of Japanese restaurants here have this on the menu, so I was quite looking forward to it :)BUT! When I tried the miso soup, my expectations started to fade...it's really salty! It felt like a lot of tap water mixing some powder...(Plus the hot tea was salty too! Should be made with tap water instead of drinking water...The waitress also gave us wrong orders of salad/edamame too, but that's not a big deal...)Then my korokke curry finally came, and I could see the curry sauce was as thin as juice flowing on my plate (my friend ordering katsu curry also had the same kind of thin sauce)...The sauce was not sweet curry nor spicy curry, but plain curry.The korokke was not my favorite either, the crust was partly burnt in black, too hard and too thick, unlike the golden thin crispy but not oily crust I expected. The potato inside was tasteless. :(The rice wasn't that bad and I did completed my plate but I'm really not crazy about it. My hubby also said his Katsu Don wasn't very good. The only thing that's good was we sat in a nice little quiet corner of the restaurant and had a good time chatting for a few hours without interruption. Anyways, I think we'll try some other Japanese restaurants next time. :)
3	The food here is pretty good and very traditional.  They have a very large menu of all sorts of sushi and all sorts of other Japanese dishes, including LOADS of noodle dishes.  The sushi selection is awesome and the menus have pictures of everything.  The price is very reasonable.Why did it get 3 stars?  The service.  I've had to wait a VERY long time to be seated and the wait staff doesn't come around a lot.  The sushi cooks are kinda rude and didn't talk to us at all.  But if you can get past the horrible service this place is worth a visit for the food.  The price is good too.
5	best japanese food in the valley.  it's nice to actually see japanese people eating there (myself included).  it's more home-style japanese cooking than the over-done, over-concocted, over-americanized usual fare you will get at most japanese restaurants around here.  you can get yakisoba, saba shioyaki, croquettes, sanma, oyako donburi, and a lot of other dishes that you won't find in most of the americanized japanese restaurants.  it's not really a sushi place (despite the name).  the sushi is okay, but not great...i've not been to yasu sushi bistro so can't do a comparison.  but it's fine.  we eat here mostly for the other dishes, which remind me of my three years in japan.that being said, i will agree with others that decor is minimal and the service is sometimes a bit slow.  but the food is usually good...and that's what matters to me.  it's also a great deal for the family.
2	Last few times we have been, the service has been really slow and the last time we got sick after getting back home. I am not sure what happened to this place. The people/chef's are the same so that can't be it.
3	I noticed this was in Best of Phoenix for Best Japanese food. I came here during lunch and tried the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail... No Bueno! The rice was not cooked well. My fiance tried the melon cream soda and chicken katsu curry... Pretty Decent! After finishing, it dawned on me that Sushi Ken was labeled best Japanese, not Best Sushi, so I'm going to have to make a trip back and confirm my rating.
2	For everyone's sake of a possible future trip to Sushi Ken, let me just tell you now: dont.1 star for location--close to home1 star for clean water glass and not bad tasting tap watertotal= 2 stars.Notice there are no stars for their food.I read a number of reviews before coming here and so many people raved about this being the best Japanese food in the valley...well, i can assure that does NOT include their sushi.  That's all i got (they should probably change their name btw!) and it truly was just bad. Yes, it was edible, but hardly.Another reviewer mentioned that when getting his rolls he didn't pay attention to them making the rolls because he was eating his miso soup and edamame...well i fell prey to this as well. The first part of my spicy tuna roll was pretty good, but the pieces were overly large (4 of them) compared to the other 4...When i finally reached the other 4 pieces i noticed the consistency changed: the rice was hard and chewy and the tuna was dry and just not appetizing. I also ordered a California roll...the crab was dry, the avacado was brown and again, the rice was hard.Now, Sir who is "making" my sushi rolls RIGHT in front of me....how many times did you have to sneak each piece over to complete my order without me seeing/knowing? I saw you make my to-go order fresh--as i watched you the entire time. Not cool.Do yourself a favor and try another sushi place. I can't speak for anything else but their sushi, but i would NOT recommend this place to one single person. Not even a person i hated. And to be quite honest, i feel as though i should take a star away for as awful as i feel right now--i didn't even finish 2 rolls. There is no reason for me to feel this way....just saying.
4	Good food... Nice and clean
4	So I finally came back to try the Japanese dishes for dinner. I got the Chiken Katsu Donburi for $8.50. It was a huge bowl and definitely got my moneys worth because I could barely finish even half of it. My fiance got the Spicy Miso Ramen with Mini Gyudon combo for $11. The soup base was good, but the meat was not as good and I wish there was more noddles. And yet again, a large portion of food for a good price. We also got the Melon Cream Soda, so we made it out of the restaurant for $25 total.Overall, the best ramen I've had in the city, minus the meat, and all for a good price. I didn't try the sushi again for fear of not being happy again. If you come hear, stick to the Japanese food, not the sushi (regardless of the vast selection).
5	I generally don't venture out of my ten mile radius rule.  But for sushi ken, I am happy to get into the car and venture out to Chandler.  I've already been familiar with this restaurant since it was in Tucson.  Nothing much has changed.  Friendly (leisurely) service, solid mom and pop Japanese food.  Good prices, good amount of food.  Some of my favorites are the ramen, the korroke curry, and oyako donburi.  Nothing fancy, just delicious.
5	To be honest I was apprehensive to try sushi ken at first. It's unassuming location close to a dry cleaner in a strip mall doesn't overwhelm one with the assumption of great cuisine. But...I was wrong. Their food is great...and the prices are equally awesome. I had a huge pork ramen bowl about a month ago and it was awesome. The portion size was huge!  almost ridiculous actually...I probably got through half of it! Not to mention the fact that the entree came with California rolls and a small side salad...all for around 10 bucks! I will definitely be going again...I will just maybe not eat anything like...a day or so beforehand so as to have a fair shot at finishing my food!
5	Best Japanese in east valley! Love their soft-shell crab rolls, their Tempura, the specials....their kids' meals are huge too!
5	Sushi Ken is a family-run sushi place in Ahwatukee. They have an extensive menu, good prices, and the food is always great. It can be crowded, with a wait depending on when you arrive. If you're interested in something different, I recommend the "Dynamite" dish. It's very flavorful, but not too spicy.
2	We came here on a recommendation, as this is a good spot for sushi.  Our party of 8 had no problems getting a table on a weekend.  We ordered many sushi rolls, ramen, and bento boxes.  The sushi rolls will fill you up so be sure not to order too much.  Overall the quality is less than what you'll find in any major city.  It's hard for me to compare this to other Phoenix sushi restaurants, but I've had much better sushi in CA, NY, Philly, and Denver.  We won't be coming back here.  =(
3	We have a two years old daughter and we have been taking her with us to many many restaurants in town cuz we enjoy eating out. We always bring her own food since she has special diet need. No restaurant ever told us anything about bring our baby's own food except this one. We were told bring own food is not allowed even for baby, needless to say, we were upset and that would be our last time visiting there.This restaurant is the most kid unfriendly restaurant.
5	A great family owned restaurant! Their lunch specials are very reasonable. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good Japanese food. My only request is that they open a restaurant closer to Tempe - I would go so much more often.
4	Chunky Spicy Tuna Roll-5 starsI can tell you after living in Japan for five years that Sushi Ken is right up there with all my favorite sushi restaurants in Japan.  Sushi ken is comparable to all the cozy "mom and pop" shops in Japan, who I consider to all be 4 and 5 star ratings.  I've visited Sushi Ken numerous times, usually on Friday or Saturday nights and it's often busy, but if your patient enough to wait a few minutes or so; then you'll be glad you did, because the culinary experience you're about to encounter is out of this world.  One particular item on the menu that fits my "out of this world" category is the "chunky spicy tuna roll."  This is by far my most favorite roll in all of Phoenix.  I've had spicy tuna roll at Sakana, Ra, Kona Grill, sakitini, Ichi Ban, Kabuki...I could go on and on, but no one else's spicy tuna roll even comes close to Sushi Ken's chunky spicy tuna roll.  So if you don't want to go on and on and just want to find a great place for spicy tuna roll with:- Generous 8 piece portions -Fresh tuna  -Soft rice -Sushi Ken's own hot spice  -Tasty seaweed -Masago (smelt row)  -Extra wasabi and ginger on the side  -Reasonable and affordable cost of $8.75- then look no further, because Sushi Ken will provide you with all those criteria's.   Aside from Sushi Ken having great chunky spicy tuna roll, they also have friendly staff, nice atmosphere and many sushi and non-sushi items on the menu to choose from for those who are not into sushi, and all at an affordable price that won't break your wallet.  Oh yeah, you'll also get complimentary miso soup and edamame.  You can't beat that!
4	Sushi Ken is great for sushi. They've catered a couple parties for my family and their food is above average for a Japanese restaurant in the valley. The sashimi is really really good, while the rolls were average at best. Nothing special there. The entrees were decent as well. Average japanese food, nothing special. If you are a fan of sashimi or nigiri, I would suggest this place. If you want good sushi rolls, you may want to go somewhere else.
4	During my trip to Arizona, this was my 1st time to Sushi Ken!  I like this place.  It has a open parking lot, spacious dining area, employees were friendly, and most of all the authentic Japanese food.  I had the lunch combination, pick two items out of a list.  My choices included a mini beef bowl and shoyu ramen.  The beef bowl was awesome!  Try it! You won't be disappointed.
5	The BEST Japanese food in AZ! Guaranteed! When you are looking for original Japanese food, or the closest taste to Japan, this would be it! The sushi is soooo fresh and they always carry out items that are not available in other sushi place like uni or sweet little octopus that I love! Their ramen is also superb and if you come here for lunch, don't forget to check in their special of the day cause they offer a great price with superb taste and lots of variety for lunch!! Love this place so much!
5	Sushi Ken is the absolute best Japanese food in Arizona, possibly even top ten for the United States. The place is Japanese owned and run; unlike a lot of the other "Japanese" places in the area. The sushi I ordered was perfect, in every way, shape and form. The eel I had was nice and warm. I tried a bit of my girlfriend's chicken she got and it was delicious. Anyone who likes Japanese food simply must visit this place, is it also great for first timers. If you want to try out sushi but are afraid of raw fish just get the crunchy shrimp roll since there is no raw fish on it. There are plenty of other cooked dishes that are amazing. If you are a fan of raw fish they have a great selection as well.
5	High quality sushi at great prices!  The sushi always seems fresh, and they have great lunch specials.  We brought our Japanese friend here when she visited, and she was very impressed with the quality of the sushi.  I wish I could eat here 5 days a week.
5	It has been more than 1 year I have not been in Sushi Ken, but I still remember the taste of salmon Kama. It was like my home. This place is amazing. Owners are nice and so hardworking. I will be back one day and will say hajimemashite :)PS. People who give one or two stars to this place please get california roll from safeway and continue to think that japanese cuisine is only california roll
4	From 25 years of experience frequenting Japanese restaurants... this is the best, most authentic place in Phoenix.  And, if you don't want to take my word for it, then take the entire Phoenix Japanese population.  They ALL eat here!If its just the food you care about, this is the place.  If you are seeking a warm, inviting atmosphere with great service then this is clearly not the spot.One last thing... while my review of Sushi Ken's food is terrific, Sushi Ken himself is unfriendly, never smiles, has less than zero personality, ignores children (while making sushi at the bar), and flat out does NOT like to be asked questions nor be spoken to.  Weird!
1	Well, I've had good dining experiences at this location before, but unfortunately I embarrassed myself by recommending it to a friend who attempted to dine there last night. I say "attempted," because she was ignored by the rude wait staff, and ended up leaving after 50 minutes without any service. This is completely unacceptable, Sushi Ken was busy at the time, the level of staffing was supposedly adequate, but apparently it was Asians-only night because those were the only people the staff were serving. Now Sushi Ken will be deprived of not only my friends business, but mine and that of my entire family as well.
4	Authentic Japanese type of restaurant.  I recommend this place for good Japanese comfort food @ a great price!
5	Finally a Japanese owned sushi bar beside Sakana in Ahwatukee!  I guess Sushi Ken has been here for a while, but I didn't realize what a great find it was.  My wife and I went there to splurge on Japanese sushi since they are better than the typical Korean owned sushi places which are most common in the Phoenix area.  We found we didn't splurge at all as we do at Sakana or Hiro.  We didn't break $30, which surprised me.  5 stars for value and great sushi!Domo Arigato!
5	In my opinion, this is by far the best Sushi and Japanese joint in town!  This place is as authentic as you can get for Phoenix, AZ.  My husband and I are addicted to the Chirachi bowl which is packed full of rice, seaweed, and piled high with the chef's selection of the freshest raw fish.  This incredible bowl of deliciousness is $20!  You couldn't find this much fresh raw fish at a restaurant for this price anywhere else in Phoenix.  If I get the Chirachi bowl idea stuck in my head, I have to have it and nothing else will satisfy my craving.  Speaking of...I think I'll order one for take out right now!  ;)I rate Sushi Ken at the highest rating possible: 5 Noms: "Nom, Nom, Nom, Nom, & NOM!" :D
4	For affordable, no-frills sushi, we always choose Sushi Ken.My husband works for a Japanese company and when the Japanese come to town, that's where they go for lunch; they say it's the most authentic for them.Now I know all you Hipster Foodies on this site (especially those who have expense accounts and don't mind paying $100 a person for "Trendy Sushi") will look down on the lack of ambience and menus with photos ("the horror"; so kitsch!) but I'm saying the Shashimi Combo (lunch or dinner) hits the spot every time.
5	Tried Sushi Ken for more than 10 times, I love their sushi(Rainbow roll,Dragon Roll) and Ramen!Great family restaurant,I have to say this is a slam dunk 5 stars.Japanese owner run this business, absolutely authentic Japanese Sushi.Green-Tea Tempera ice cream is the best,make sure you order  that for your desert.  Tip: Always crowed Friday& Saturday night ,better to get your table is call them for a reservation.
1	The only thing worse than their mediocre food turns out to be their completely rude and condescending staff. I have given Ken's more business than they ever deserved over the past couple of years solely due to it's close proximity to home and work. The experience I had there last weekend will certainly be my last. In the past I had ordered things which didn't taste that fresh, one particular time I ordered Uni (sea urchin), a favorite of mine. I will forego any comparisons in taste for the sake of the weary, but let's just say it was horrible. So, I politely sent it back, only to be told when the waitress returned that Uni was not in season.... So, I should naturally know this? Hmmm... How about you just apologize and not blame the customer for foolishly eating what you served??The experience this past weekend was very similar, the spicy Yellowtail tasted like it had been left in Tupperware in the sun for a day or two, so I politely sent it back. I was told that perhaps Yellowtail isn't my fish, as though I had never had a bite of sushi before in my life.Apparently at Ken's, the customer is always wrong. Be warned, go elsewhere, like Sushi Eye or one of several others in the area who serve quality food without insult.
3	Rolls are very large, cold, and fresh tasting.  Miso soup may be the best I've ever had.  Service was polite and fast.  Holds it's own with some of the good places in SoCal.  Will definitely go back.
5	Personally, I don't like sushi, but I falling love with sushi after the first visit to Sushi Ken. Just that simple.
3	While the sushi and ramen here are pretty good, I must say that their Teriyaki Chicken is a rather regretful order.I'm not sure how the chicken is cooked... steamed? boiled?  microwaved??  it is really REALLY tough (and tough to eat).  Perhaps a little healthier than it would be if it was cooked in a pan, but extremely untasty. The sauce is also a bit too heavy for the meal.Definitely go to try their other dishes, just be warned about the chicken!
2	Sushi Ken, apparently they're known for their Udon noodles.  Why not Udon Ken?Came here with my friends after a brief hike. I was one hungry boy! I totally dig their lunch hour prices, but since my friend told me about their noodles I went for it instead of the sushi & sashimi. Presentation was delightful, but overall the Soba Noodles I ordered were decent at best. It wasn't really anything special from what remembered. Everyone else at the table had mixed reviews, but it's mines that count! Haha! I plan to give Sushi Ken another try since I didn't get their famous Udon Noodles. Until then stay tuned.We were watching my boy Jeremy Lin rock, but only people with good sight could see what was happening.  Yes, they need a larger screen!  I don't think a 32in screen does the restaurant and their patrons justice; just a thought. - Enjoy!
4	There is a huge menu for this restaurant.  Only tried sushi and noodle soup combo dinner so far.Lots of options on noodle soup dishes.  Each noodle soup has a different soup base.  The combo dish adds another small side dish option.  Lots of food for your money.Sushi is decent and reasonable price.  Great Japanese family-style restaurant.
5	Great no frills sushi place with friendly staff.
5	Visited Phoenix, AZ on a business trip w/ my boss.  We just had to have the GYU DON(beef bowl).  We went on May 30th for lunch but, was closed to construction.  Had to eat the GYU DON before our return on May 31st.  After a fun day of golf, before our trip back to Phoenix airport, we stopped by and has the GYU DON and COLD UDON combination set.  AWESOME!  This satisfied our palate.  Now we were able to return back to LAX.
5	Sushi ken I love you so much, I don't even know where to start! It's about time I write a review. This place in my opinion is the best quality for largest portion size in the valley.  Let me just say now that if are one those people  who A. Like California rolls B. like spicy whatever rolls C. Want to go somewhere trendy and have sake bombers then this is NOT the place for you, please just don't come and spare me your stupid review, just go to Ra or Stingray or somewhere like that.My husband and I eat here a least every couple of weeks, I feel like the staff is our family. They are very nice and polite. A lot of families here, restaurant is decorated simply. Nigeri and sashimi are very good. UNI here is amazing! Yellow tail belly is awesome also love the seaweed salad.From the regular menu I love the yellow tail Kama and the cold soba bowl.I also really like that they are open 7 days a week pretty late since most places in AZ close at like 9.
4	I've been to Sushi Ken a countless number of times during the time I've resided in Ahwatukee. It's a great value and an excellent option if you're looking for good Japanese cuisine.To be honest, I rarely have sushi when I come here -- I usually get one of the Donburi bowls (whether it be chicken, beef, or pork). The rice bowls contain tremendously hearty portions and always fill me up. The food is flavorful and the setting is perfect for a group of people. When I've had sushi here, it's been delicious as well.If you're looking for a well-rounded meal, I'd recommend Sushi Ken over Mido Sushi, Teharu, and Sushi Eye. This place is great.
5	We've been going here since we moved to AZ. One of our favorites! The Donburi is amazing, so are the Ramen soups and Spicy Tuna! Highly recommend it.
1	If you are looking for service, this is definitely NOT the place to go. It definitely misses the concept of what a restaurant ought to be. The attitude and ambiance of what it means to sit in and dine at a restaurant is far below standard. We arrived at the restaurant with several empty tables. Seating took another 15 minutes. Once seated, we weren't served our drinks until after the tables that arrived after ours got theirs and neither was our order taken until after theirs even though I had notified our waiter that we were ready to order. I do not care if he is the owner's son but to hold such a pretentious attitude at a family owned restaurant is rather un-classy. I've withheld judgement the two previous times that I have visited the restaurant always giving the benefit of the doubt that they were just understaffed or there were too many customers. But, as a diner, I feel that there is just a certain number of bad quality treatment that a customer can take. Needless to say, we walked out after paying for our drinks. Needless to say, I won't be back. I much rather pay a premium and eat at Roka Akor or ShinBay than sit through mediocre sushi and poor service.
1	I would not necessarily recommend eating sushi here.  There was way too much fish and it made us uncomfortable for the price.  I like high-quality sushi and when eating raw fish, I don't think this is negotiable.  This is not high-quality.  It's high-quantity.  I was pretty disappointed.  Service and ambiance also left much to be desired.  Also, the menu was very confusing.  The descriptions have no prices.  The prices are only on the sushi order sheet which was hiding for the first 30 minutes.
4	3.5 stars but rounded up for fast & good serviceGood sushi for a good price. Their rolls aren't anything too fancy but the fish is fresh. They give you a lot of pieces and the pieces itself are pretty big.
4	Went for dinner and the food was delicious! We tried the yami roll, caterpillar roll, and tempura udon - everything was great. Fresh ingredients and flavorful.  Ambiance was nothing special, no music, but the place was clean.
3	Huge menu with a large selection of lunch specials!Sushi was very good and actually had quite a few more pieces than your typical roll.  Service is friendly and quick!  Rolls we had:Sweet and spicy-I could taste the sweet, but couldn't find the spicy.Mexican roll-Could have used more jalapeno, but was very goodSpicy Tuna-Can't go wrong with this one!Yellowtail-Way too much fish!
4	All around great Japanese food. Employees extremely nice. Will definitely be a regular here.
1	I could only imagine how bad the service in a restaurant could be, until I visited Sushi Ken with my family on 8/12/2012 for lunch.   One of the waitresses who served our table, (I didn't know her name otherwise I would write it out here), she is the taller / older one, and with *less* Japanese accent.  She performed the worst service I have ever seen, it was as if she did everything in the purpose of offending the customers.(1) Our party was 6 adult and 3 kids occupying 3 tables putting together, when she came over to take order, I was sitting at the far end of tables and I told her "we are ready to order", she said "That's what I am here for." and she just stood still there, I had to raise my voice to finish ordering for everyone at the table.  I mean, I was the one who's talking and couldn't she just move a few steps toward me ?(2) We ordered some sushi rolls and 5 complete meals, she told us we have 5 appetizers and asked if we want salad or Edamame, we said 3 salad's and 2 Edamame's, and they were served, no problem here.Later on she brought over 4 bowls of miso soup.  I think it is quite normal that you would expect 5, right ?  I asked her "Shouldn't it be five?"  Guess what?  SHE ASKED ME: "WHY?"  Oh my god, she asked me back "WHY" and then went totally silence waiting for me to find out the answer by myself,.  It took me about 10 seconds to realize and said "is it because one of our meals only comes with appetizer but not soup ?",  then she have me a "uh -ah" and walked away.(3) After we had a fried rice and curry beef delivered, we looked around for spoon and not finding any on our table, I waved her over and said that we need spoons for eating THIS fried rice and THAT curry rice.  I even pointed at these two plates because I was already afraid of mis-communication.Then she brought over "one" spoon!!  1, o-n-e, single, uno !!I told her again that we needed two, she stared at me as if saying "Why didn't you tell me clearly you wanted two?"  Hey, I told you we need it FOR THE FRIED RICE AND THE CURRY RICE !!  IT IS YOUR PROBLEM serving plates that need spoons and did not bring spoons with them, not my problem.(4) After that moment I think her attitude turned from "not friendly" to "rude", when she brought over my noodle, SHE THREW THE BOWL TO MY HANDS, can you believe that !?  She delivered the bowl of noodle to my hands, not to my table !!  What if I did not catch that ??She definitely had gone over my edge at that time, if I were not with my parents and kids, I would have exploded right away, it was my family that saved a confrontation from happening right there. (5) The food is plain, actually after all of the above happening, I didn't care about the food anymore even it was 5-star quality.  After the kids were fed, I waved her a couple times for check and I don't know if she overlooked me deliberately or she really didn't see me, after about 5 minutes I walked over to the cashier's stand and asked her "Can we have the check, please?".  YES I SWEAR TO GOD THAT I STILL USED THE WORD 'PLEASE' TO HER.   She did not bother to raise her head or even speak up, she just keep doing what she is doing, and nod her head.   At that time I immediately told myself two things:(1). I am not stepping into this restaurant ever again in my life, and that(2). I will do whatever it takes to let the store manager know what happened today, or let the store owner (if she happens to be the manager).  Having this kind of employee is definitely hurting the business !*** To that waitress ***.If you do not like providing service, then don't do this job.  I am not expecting you to show any passion, if this is just a source-of-income for you; but you need to have some basic manner and attitude and respect if you put 15% gratuity on my bill.  If I wasn't forced to pay that, you were not getting ANY tip from me because you do not deserve any.
4	We have been here several times, mostly for sushi.  The portions are very generous, the sushi is good quality and seems very fresh.  Service is friendly and quick.  If you order the "boat" be sure to come hungry.  We keep meaning to try the non-sushi entrees, but haven't gotten to it yet.
1	I'm warning you already, I am very grumpy in this review. More than usual. I am a very lenient Yelper most of the time. This one isn't going to be a pretty one.Oh man. I was really looking forward to this meal. Having to drive 30min for the highly-recommended Sushi Ken? It'd be worth it, right? I had even skipped lunch in the hopes to be famished and love every bite of the dinner even more than normal.:( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( It was the worst Japanese food I've ever had.I had the Beef Curry and Tonkatsu Ramen combination with a salad. The salad was colorless and wilted, and the dressing (I love Japanese dressing), was overly vinegar-tasting. The Beef Curry was ok, but I make better Japanese Curry at home using the curry cubes in the boxes sold at supermarkets. The Tonkatsu Ramen....should not have been called such. The ramen tasted worst than instant ramen! It was mushy! There was no taste in the broth of marrow-y goodness. It was a salty, lifeless broth with shriveled bamboo shoots, too much wakame, and one measly thin slice of charsiu. I had about 4 bites and left the rest to die. I didn't even take it home to try to remedy it.My husband had the Tempura Bowl and Shoyu Ramen combination with an Edamame side.The edamame was the grayest-green shade I'd ever seen. Frozen edamame from the supermarket looked better than that! His tempura bowl was bizarre...gone was the flaky, crunchy Panko breading. What was brought out was a glazy, weirdly crusted abomination that was overly sweet. I would like to dip my tempura myself, thank you very much. His Shoyu Ramen was terribly salty. My husband even likes things very salty, and he couldn't drink it. He also left 90% of his bowl untouched. The only thing they didn't mess up was their California Roll, which is pretty impossible to mess up so thank goodness for that. And the service? Terrible. Absolutely terrible. We were a table of 9, and they could have cared less. The 15% was already included in the bill, so maybe that's why they didn't even bother to try to be nice to us. The ladies were so mean! It looked like they just hated everyone they were serving! And usually Japanese waiters are SOOOOO nice. I know, cause I used to wait tables alongside co-workers who had just immigrated from Japan.Funny thing is, the rest of the table really enjoyed their food. (Update: One of them messaged me after reading this review to tell me she actually didn't like the food...lol I guess my husband and I were not the only ones that didn't enjoy it) Nobody enjoyed the service though, I can assure you of that lol.
4	I've been there three times so far, and it's been good. Like everyone says waiting time is more than usual, but food is pretty good. Sushi was fresh and good ( not like the other places give me tons of rice and a little fish), chirashi was great too.If you are trying a noodle soup, I recommend cold ramen noodle over the hot one. Udon was very decent too. Overall this place is my favorit Japanese place in Phoenix! If the waiting time isn't that bad, i'll leave 5 stars for sure.
4	Sometimes they can get busy and service goes down a bit when that happens, but generally very good.  They have always been pleasant to me.  Have to remember though, it is casual dining.  Good prices, consistently very good (sometimes excellent) sushi.  Wish it was closer so I could eat here more often.
5	I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of Sushi Ken's raw fish.My husband and I judge whether we will re-visit a Japanese restaurant by the quality of its sashimi. Sashimi is usually the first thing we order in a Japanese restaurant, and sadly, it also often ends up being the last thing we had in most Japanese restaurants. Although sometimes we have to put up with skimpy pieces, rough uneven cuts, and fishy aftertaste, the husband and I are in our unwavering quest for the sashimi we want to come back for.Then we found Sushi Ken, with its beautiful, thick-cut sashimi, thawed to a soft, buttery texture, and no fishy taste. Plus, reasonable price too. Because I have a soft spot for ramen noodles, I also ordered the combo of Tonkatsu noodle and beef curry for $11. The ramen is okey, probably not good enough for people from NYC or CA who are pampered by good Japanese restaurants. To me, it is satisfying because it is comfort food. I am forgiving as long as I can have one when I need one. The beef curry is quite generous in portion given it's like 3 bucks extra in addition to the ramen if you get them in combo. Again, it is not outstanding, but good enough for me.I think service was great during the time we were there. Most servers were Japanese and were very friendly. The menu has a large selection of food. To us, they did one thing, and the most important thing right--sashimi. We will be back, soon.
4	Not the best sushi place I've ever been to, but the best in AZ. I think this place has the best value for your money. The portions are generous and the price is right.There's a lot of choices in their vast menu. Not the biggest fan of their curry or ramen. Their $12 noodle and appetizer combos are really good though. Mini-chirashi ftw! This alone would probably be $12 at other restaurants. I love their chewy udon, but wish that their hot udon had something other than tempura flakes and a mushroom.Their $5 roll specials are amazing bang for the buck too.Service is hit or miss though. Usually a miss (slow and not the most attentive) but still very kind.
1	Sushi Ken used to be my favorite restaurant in the world - every time I came home from long trips, I'd drive straight from the airport to Sushi Ken. I even managed to get a group of 15 high school kids go to Sushi Ken for their homecoming dance dinner when I was in high school 6 years ago (which isn't a small feat, if you consider all the traditional high-school-dance-dinner-venues). Probably visited at least twice a week, when I lived in the Ahwatukee area....What happened? It pains me to only give Sushi Ken a one-star rating, it really does, because half a decade ago I would have recommended them to the President of the United States. For some reason, not only has the food quality diminished in the past few years, the portions have undoubtedly shrunken, and the prices have inflated. Which still isn't the worst part.I have absolutely nothing good to say about the service. No matter how good a restaurant's food is, if the service cant support the product, it's not worth eating at all. Sushi Ken is not a friendly atmosphere. Water cups are never refilled. Food takes the entire Paleolithic era to be delivered. The servers used to be flexible with the menu and accommodated for substitution requests; however, now there is a ridiculous 20% upcharge to substitute salmon for tuna. The waitresses make you feel like they hate you and that they dread serving you, no matter how kind you are to them. Perhaps it's because they've implemented a 15% autogratuity policy, regardless of how large the party is, so they can get away with poor service without having to take a cut in profit. It's absolutely ridiculous. The queen of evil servers (the tallish Asian one who never smiles, only scowls), spilled water on my dad one time without so much as an apology. A few weeks later, as she was serving ramen to one of my girlfriends, she spilled half the broth on the tray and completely ignored her mistake. So I thought I would find a way to bypass the horrible service while still enjoying a Sushi Ken lunch - call in for a takeout order and control my own service in the comfort of my home. I called in for a ramen, and requested that they separate the noodles from the broth in order to avoid them getting soggy (which is the standard for noodle packaging, right?) WRONG. Fifty cent up-charge. OUTRAGEOUS. Now, I get that you're trying to scrimp and save marginal costs, but really? Sacrificing the satisfaction and loyalty of a customer as well as food quality in order to save ONE to-go container that cost maybe fifteen cents max? Bad idea.   Come on, people, you're in the service industry. You're paid to serve. It's not that hard of a job - you smile and greet your patrons, who don't expect much in the first place - all they want is good food (which you have), and an atmosphere that doesn't make the table feel like their server's  going to pounce and maul their faces off. News flash, Sushi Ken - tips are earned, not obligatory. I once served at a restaurant where autogratuity was forbidden, because management believed that excellent service speaks for itself. If you had to implement an autograt to every single party, big or small, then chances are you KNOW that your Service. Flat. Out. Sucks. People aren't happy to be treated like scum, then forced to pay for it. The solution is simple - revamp your service training protocol, and you'll get your loyal customers back.To my fellow Yelpers: Avoid at all costs. I'm telling you, boycott this restaurant, and hopefully they'll shape up in the future. Because if not, there's no way Sushi Ken will stay alive in the long run.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. To start with I should have listened to the bad reviews, also when we walked in I should have left due to the strong fish smell. The place is really out dated inside which I don't mind but to start with I ordered the chicken teriyaki and me and my lunch date shared a California roll. First they started with this soup that was disgusting, as well as the salad was just lettuce and a ginger dressing. When the food came they serve some strange things with the chicken. The chicken was very bland I didn't taste any flavor. I literally took 1 bite, When the waiter came by I asked him to take the plate away and please take it off my bill. He said because I had already ordered it he couldn't take it off but he could take half off. That really rubbed me the wrong way.Second the California roll was not edible. My lunch date didn't like her dish either. We spent 25$ and only maybe had 5 bites. I would suggest to stay far away...don't try this place.
5	So after a 2 year hiatus..., we finally went in here again and you know what...we like it again. We have decided that we are going to avoid the eel because that seems to be the problematic item on their menu for us but otherwise everything was awesome including the servers who speak english clearly so we can understand them.
4	The service can sometimes be lacking and the quality is not quite up there with other sushi places in the area, but for this thrifty lover of sushi you cannot beat Sushi Ken!My wife and I can order miso soup, edamame and three plates of sushi and walk out playing around $25 with tip.  Best deal in Ahwatukee IMHO!
5	Sashimi is as outstanding as I remembered. The ramen and appetizer combo for $12 is a steal and leaves plenty for my lunch box. Got the junmai saki at the happy hour with a plate of gyoza. Nice and quiet on Wed dinner time. Love love the sushi chefs who always do an amazing job slicing those beautiful fishes!
5	I have lived in or traveled for business to most of the major cities in the US and have tried sushi in every location.  This is the BEST I've ever had.  Beats out NY, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, and other Phoenix locales HANDS DOWN!  All of their ingredients are fresh (and I know this first-hand from one of their suppliers--who is Japanese and who first sent us here) and delicious.  Portions are HUGE--whilst price is not.  What I really appreciate is that this is a clean, well-maintained, low-key, casual restaurant, NOT some over-the-top, snotty, super-expensive, "trendy" location (read:  NY) that gives you tiny, tiny portions in a low-light environment in the hopes that you'll think you're part of the "cool" crowd.  Every time I go to Sushi Ken I walk out stuffed, happy, and not broke!  I NEVER leave here hungry (which is more than I can say for NY or Chicago).  Can't compare it to a true Japanese experience as I've never been there, but when their supplier tells me "this is about as authentic as it gets in the US" I take her word for it.  If you're looking for delicious, SUPER-SIZED sushi at a great price, you've got to give it a try!  PS:  they have a full complement of other menu items that my wife orders and, so far, have all been delicious, fresh, super-sized, and well-priced.
4	Food = awesome! Service was lacking, but this place has such a great  variety of Japanese food and sushi!!!! the food makes up for it. my friend and I shared one of their specials (fish cheek? that was huge!) and a specialty roll all for about $20... and we were stuffed! I thought this place is a must-go-back-and-bring-my-friends. (because service was not up to par, I only gave it 4-stars)
5	The fact that sushi ken is not already 5 stars on yelp is hog wash. I haven't eaten everything on their menu, I come for the sushi.Best. Sushi. Arizona. Ever.Ya, that wasn't really a sentence, but you get the idea. I have gone all around town and tried out sushi but no one matches their big fresh cuts here at sushi ken. And I'm talking real sushi here people, not just california / mexican rolls. Raw Fish. The prices are not cheap but good sushi is never cheap (conveyor belts etc is NOT good sushi). Any true sushi  fan I have brought he has agreed, and begged me to take them back.Their Ramen is also outstanding. We've been to several ramen only joints here in the valley but none do it as well as sushi ken.
5	There are very very very few places I am actually willing to travel long hours to visit to eat there. Sushi Ken is definetely one of them. I love and hate this place. Love it because it is by far the best sushi place I have been, all things considered. Hate it because after it, all other sushi places I ahve been seem subpar. Ridiciliously good and fresh sushi and ridiciliously low prices. Now that I am in LA I have paid 2-3 times the money is some of the "best" sushi places here to eat worse sushi. To everyone that wrote negative reviews about the noodles/service e.t.c. Guys you come to this place for only one reason: GREAT SUSHI. Please go for your noodles, teriyaki etc somepleace else.Agree with the reviewer before me, it is a same this place has not 5 stars in yelp, shows some people can never be satisfied with anything.
5	Really really good sushi. Poor service and often a wait but really really good sushi. Maybe avoid other food though. Stick with the sushi and miso.
1	I live in Los Angeles and I come out to AZ every other month. I have been to Sushi Ken many times, and every time I have had terrible service. This last visit was the last straw. The girl who was our server approach us with such a poor attitude and a sour look on her face. Needless to say, we tried not to ask her for much. At the beginning of our order, I notified her that I will need to place a to go order toward the end of the meal. She walked by our table many times, while our water glasses were empty, she never once stop to ask us if we needed anything or just fill our water glasses. I then asked her nicely, that when she had a chance, could we get some more water. She then said, "don't you need to place an order to go?" I said "yes, but when you bring the water, we can do it then". She walked over, slammed a pitcher of water on the table and then walked away. I proceeded to serve our table the water, then walked over to the register to place my to go order and pay my bill.I have never in my life stiffed a waitress. However, in this case it was necessary. The waitress followed me out to the parking lot and asked me where I had left the tip. I told her that expecting a tip for NOT doing your job is not the way it goes. T.I.P. means "To Insure Promptness" and since I did the job for her, she did not deserve a tip.The unfortunate thing, is that the sushi is actually good and affordable. I might suggest take-out for this place.
4	Love the Korean Chirashi! Fun place.
5	There's a whole bunch of Japanese restaurants in town but I doubt they serve ramen, and even if they do, I bet its not as good as this place's. Oh and they've got variety. The name of the restaurant gives you the impression of obviously, sushi. But this place has a lot more on their menu than just sushi. Rice bowls, classic teriyaki dishes, etc! Great place to come in to have a great meal, for a great price.
1	WOW!  That's all I have to say.  Not sure what happened since the last time I was here, but it was like going to a completely different restaurant.  Horrible, rude service from BOTH of the waitresses, not just from the one that all the other people here have mentioned--tall, nasty, and always has a look on her face like someone just took a crap in her cereal.  And I sort of got the impression that because I am gaijin (ie: not Japanese) I may have pissed them off even more.  Food still tasted the same (great) but the ambiance and the attitude really, REALLY rubbed me the wrong way.  Needless to say--no tip.  I would have RELISHED the opportunity that the other reviewer had when tall and nasty followed you out to the parking lot and demanded a tip--I guarantee she wouldn't have found that to be a pleasant experience.  You all just lost a customer and a fan--congratulations nasty face!!!
3	Every one has "their" sushi spot. This was was my friends and not mine. I didn't find the value to be great with the combo box I got. The items were decent nothing special. And the lack of service and flexibility to chance anything on the combo was upsetting. The one place they do seem to shine is in new and novel rolls.
4	Perfect place for a Excellent sushi!!!!
1	I've been here a few times. My girlfriend is a big fan because it's inexpensive and good. The last 3 times we've gone the service has been beyond bad, long wait for food, no refills, moody waiters. They just don't care about the customers or good service. I'm sorry to see what used to be a good place lower their service like this
2	After reading the reviews for this place I was really looking forward to trying it.  I did - and I won't be back.First impressions weren't great - it's rather dingy and dirty plus the restrooms really needed a cleaning.  It even smells funny.  I tried the vegetable tempura and was quite underwhelmed - no flavor and the provided dipping sauce wasn't great.  I tried a side salad - didn't like their take on dressing.  Then, a few of the more 'conservative' rolls.  I can't say they were horrible but I also can't say they were good.  I even ordered a side of chicken fried rice and found it not good, either.  I'm guessing that for people who are really into authentic Japanese food or raw sushi this place hits the mark.  However, if you are like me and more of a causal sushi eater then I don't recommend it.
5	Our favorite sushi place. Prices have spoiled me for other restaurants. Why try something twice the price when this tastes so good.
4	We live in Paradise Valley and drive all the way to Sushi Ken for the best tasting Tempura udon and yummy rolls.  My kids also love their kids menu!  This place reminds me of the Japanese places we used to go to when we lived in San Jose, CA.
5	OK.  I've read some of the reviews here and I see a lot of complaints about service.  Let me give you the real deal.  Why should you listen to me? I travel to Phoenix a lot for work. I eat a lot of sushi. Go ahead, think of another sushi place around.  OK, have you thought of one?  Well... I've probably eaten there and this place is better.  Why?  Sushi quality is top notch and prices are lower than they should be and slightly lower than the average sushi joint. Now, if you're thinking of a restaurant with a $100 piece of nigiri then no, I haven't been there and it may be better.  I go to normal priced sushi joints.  The only downside to this place is that they don't have fresh wasabi.  What's that?  Fresh wasabi?  Yes, many sushi places won't have it on the menu but will sell you some for a buck or so.  Go fresh.  I'm sorry to anyone who feels I just gave away a sushi secret., myself included.  Maybe I'll delete that part later. Anyways, after eating here a good 15-20 times, I can confidently state that the service is fine.  Only one time did I have poor service.  The reason that you may have poor service is because this place gets packed and there's a line waiting to get seated and to eat.  The staff is then overworked.  Should they have more staff on hand?  I don't know. I'm not a restaurateur.  Bet you didn't know that word didn't have an 'N' in it  Me neither until now.  Point being, it is what it is.  You don't like it.  Don't eat here when it's packed.  They're also the kind of place that will close early when everyone has left.  You know what? I like that.  Sure it can be inconvenient for you, but they probably have a better quality of life because of it and we can all learn from that. I only wish this place was closer to my home.  Like 2500 miles closer.
5	the food was amazing, we ordered four different rolls and loved them all, especially the Baked Alaska Roll. The service was kinda slow, but the place was packed and there were only two servers so that was expected. However, unlike what other reviews said, they were not rude at all. A tip to get seated faster: look at what's open. If you request to be seated at the bar but the bar is full, you're going to wait a while. We ordered twice and got out in under an hour, so I think it wasn't bad for how packed they were (and on a Wednesday night!). Besides, it's worth the wait.
1	I used to be a regular at this place since it opened and let me tell you this place has gone down hill. Japanese people tend to be the nicest people but the women waitresses at this place have got to be some of the rudest I have ever encountered. They barely acknowledge you and when you ask for something it arrives 15 min later. The tall waitress is by far the worst, and it feels like she is doing everyone a favor by just doing her job. It's too bad the service is so bad as that really kills the experience regardless of how good the food could be. If I were the owner I would read these reviews and fire those b*t**y women.
4	This place is great. The sushi is fresh. They do a great job making it. The value is amazing, I think they are underpriced for the service and quality of the food. It's a small place. I like that. As a white guy I really enjoy going to a place where most of the clientele is from the country or part of the world that that place serves. It's authentic good food. I don't like going to a Mexican restaurant filled with white people and I don't like going to a sushi bar full of white people either. This place is legit.
1	Besides being one of the better ramen shops in the valley this place is not worth the visit.  There are much better sushi places around the valley.  I like others also experience horrible service, and given them multiple chances.  I totally understand bad service when you are trying to do things quick and efficiently, and the place is packed.  Maybe I'm just use to cultures where they don't value service, but value being fast and efficient.  But I draw the line when the place is maybe half full and we have sat down for over 20 to 30 minutes without even asking us what we want to drink.While I'm a regular user of Yelp.  This has been the first time I've ever posted on Yelp because no place has actually gotten me so angry about them.  Also I've never played the race card before, but I truly believe that the servers there might be racist.
4	Excellent place for japanese style noodles!  Finally, a place in AZ with a good selection of japanese dishes.  I've tried several of their Ramen, Udon, and Soba soups and they are all very good.  The best I've had in AZ.  I am also a fan of their japansese style curry rice.
5	I am originally from Japan and this is one of a few Japanese restaurants I love in Phoenix mainly for the following 2 reasons.1. I can find real authentic Japanese dishes (including sushi) with good quality in a wide variety.2. All are reasonably priced.When I say real sushi, I talk about the quality of fish, not about sushi rolls which I don't find in Japan. Well, a few simple sushi rolls like tekka maki (tuna rolls) but definitely not anything like california, spider, rainbow rolls etc. except at fast food style low end restaurants. In Japan I go to both low end ($20-30 per person) and high end ($200-300 or up) sushi restaurants.Sushi Ken's sushi has quality of a decent sushi restaurant in Japan. It's a really good thing as it seems hard to get fresh fish in Phoenix. First time I had their sashimi lunch set, I was impressed by the quality of the fish. So my guess is they have at least one Japanese real sushi chef who knows fish. In Japan, chefs have licenses and specialized in certain areas (such as sushi, Japanese, ramen, etc.) and are trained for years. (like in the movie "Jiro Dreams of Sushi")As for the cost performance, I recommend their appetizer & noodle combo($12.5). It's really a good deal considering some of the appetizers are not really appetizer size. I had chirashi sushi (assorted sashimi on sushi rice) for appetizer twice and it's quite filling by itself, then it's followed by a big bowl of ramen. I couldn't finish all of my food. This combo menu was not in the menu but on the wall.I noticed some people complained about the waitresses there. I so far haven't had any problems with their service. I've been there for 3 times. They were friendly and quick. I don't think it's because I'm Japanese as they were nice to others too. Maybe I just haven't met the notorious waitress yet. I'm so excited about going back to Sushi Ken soon. And I recommend this place to all who love authentic Japanese food.
5	Been here many times.  It has an enormous menu (almost overwhelmingly large) and very reasonable prices.  It gets quite busy on the weekends (and for good reason!).  My advice is come for lunch or early dinner and you won't be disappointed.  My favorites are the ramen, the gyu don and the chunky spicy sushi rolls.Frankly they did have a bit of an issue with service in the past.  To their credit they've hired new servers and more servers and it isn't an issue any more.Bottom Line: Best sushi and ramen in the valley
5	Same as before, it's great!
4	This place is okay, the service sucks but the food is good and reasonably priced.
4	Love this place!! Okay, sometimes the service is a little slow,....of course it's busy for a reason. The food is fantastic, fresh, presentation is outstanding, the people are friendly and the prices are incredible.  There's also a reason it's packed with people of Asian descent. True, the decor isn't Beverly Hills, but if you're more concerned with quality and value over atmosphere, this is a "must visit" locally owned, family friendly, neighborhood place.
2	Food is good.  Service is terrible.  They say it is because it is busy.  But I think they are just disorganized and unhappy.I sure hope they get some competition in the area.  Until then, I will probably have to put up with this place if I want Japanese food.
5	best bang for the buck. get the 11$ combo and you would already be filled. if not. get yourself a all day specialty roll for 5$. you wouldnt ever EVER spend more then 20 to be happily walking out the door
3	It's been a few years since I've come here, and since then I feel like the quality of service has dropped. Nevertheless, it's one of the few places in Ahwatukee to get decent sushi. My first visit actually was a less-than-stellar experience. I ordered a softshell crab roll and a spicy salmon roll, and the cucumbers they used in the rolls were extremely bitter! Totally threw off the taste of the roll! (Although that was probably a fluke because the next time I came the cucumbers were fine) All my other friends ordered ramen or udon lunch sets, and theirs seemed fine so no complaints there.But then I learned from a friend in the know that what you actually need to do if you want sushi is to order their $5 special rolls. Way cheaper, and still a good selection! Personal favorites: Baked Alaska and White Tuna. At only $5 each, they are a filling and inexpensive option if you're feeling like sushi!
3	Food is great. I really enjoy the pork kotsu but the service is terrible. The tall waitress is one of the rudest I have encountered and I believe they are able to do this because of the gratuity policy. I love going to the place but never look forward to all the attitude the staff gives.
2	They always have the best sushi n price in town. BUT they have the worst customer service ever. Waited for 20+ mins to get our order and refill. Added 18%tips for a party of 2 while THEY DO NOT DESERVE IT. Very disappointed...
4	I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could. The tonkotsu ramen was a bit on the salty side but the gyu don rice was good as usual. The waitress didn't seem to know about their sushi dishes and didn't seem to care to find out.
4	Saturday, 12:55 pm. Sushi Ken on Chandler Ave. We were seated right away. Server brought us our drinks less than 10 mins after we sat.We got our food 20 mins after we sat. Very satisfactory service for my standards.Deep Fried Baby Octopus was well seasoned and cooked perfectly. Seaweed Salad was fresh. Crunchy Roll was very tasty. Spicy Miso Chashu Ramen was the highlight. Abundant broth, plenty of ramen, bouncing with flavor, and lots of heat.Shrimp Tempura, California Roll, and Gyoza were unremarkable though. Shrimp was skinny and tough. The roll was dominated by cucumber. Overall, come for the ramen and the special dishes. Order the staple somewhere else.
4	Food = 3 starsValue = 4 starsService (really really slow) = 3 stars Average = 3-4 starsThe food is decent for the price.  You get a lot for your buck.  The first time I came to this restaurant I got the combination Gyu Don and Hot Udon (food was okay, not amazing).  The next time we went to this restaurant I got Spicy Tuna Don and Spicy Ramen (The Tuna don was really good, ramen was okay).  Decent food (food that is hard to find in Phoenix), great Value!
3	This place always serves fresh and delicious sushi, and is my go to place for when I'm over in Ahwatukee. They have a great menu and options, and also have many kid friendly dishes. The one somewhat reoccurring item is the eh service. Waitstaff service is typically so-so at best. I find that I typically have to request water, several times to get a glass. Refills on any drink typically require prompting.
4	Very good sushi. Service is friendly and fast. Prices are pretty good, basically what you would expect for sushi. They do have some pretty good specials though. Small place so not much to say about atmosphere.
5	I've been to many, many sushi places, and this is the best one. Great service and perfectly fresh sashimi. I love it and we go often. It's a family run place, and they take great pride in their work. It really is as good as it gets.
5	This place was awesome! I'm obsessed with the menu options, wish I lived in Arizona but we just stopped passing through. Fish was very fresh. The teriyaki chicken was nothing special but not at all bad. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The place was busy and I went around 9 on a Tuesday. However, they have lots of seating to accommodate all of their many fans. You will not regret visiting Sushi Ken.
3	came here when i  was on a business trip. i landed before lunch hour (~11AM) so by the time i got to the restaurant, it was super empty. i didnt trust phoenix sushi lol so i opted for chicken katsu curry. portions were huge!! you could also ask for brown rice for an extra charge. they have pretty good lunch specials/combos!coming from LA (next to the ocean & bigger japanese population), a small japanese restaurant in phoenix didnt impress me nor my expectation too high lol.
2	The place was busy the night we went and the service was terrible. They broke my cardinal rule of service and served others  behind us in line first, plus the food was average.
1	They've really gone downhill since I've last reviewed them. The last few times I've been here have been sort of disappointing. The service still is slow, but now the price has gone up. There are more servers, but only a couple seem to know what they are doing leading to a severely understaffed place. I've seen a couple just run around yet not accomplish anything. The quality of food doesn't seem as high anymore either. The portion size also has shrunk. What draws me back? It seems like they are cutting corners than trying to be an amazing restaurant. It's no longer a place I really care about going to anymore. Such a shame
3	I love the food at sushi ken and prices are reasonable, but the service is why I'm only giving them 3 stars. I come here all the time, unfortunately the service seems to get worse every time. They seem to be consistently under staff, or maybe they are just unorganized. Fridays and Saturdays are usually pretty busy, so you'd think they'd make sure they are staffed appropriately. They also don't adhere to their hours of operation so make sure you call ahead, mainly on weeknights.
3	Good prices for the amount of food you get.  But the quality is lacking.  Wasn't a big fan of anything we got from sushi, sashimi, ramen, to agedashi tofu.  I would rather pay more for better quality.
5	Love this place. Sushi is wonderful but if you go make sure to try the soba or raumen. Came here on my birthday and ordered the boat with the sashimi side... sushi till you burst!
2	Seriously what happened Sushi Ken!?Went in for lunch and got the Noodle Combination: Tsukemen and Dynamite Don. First off the Tsukemen tasted pretty awful, like dipping in tasteless soy sauce (that was just plain salty). Secondly, the noodles and sauce were both ICE cold...I didn't order cold soba noodles...The Dynamite Don looked like it always did but this time, there was VERY little rice on the bottom. It tasted more like I was drinking mayo sauce with some seafood...Not really coming back anymore, it would seem that Sushi Ken has been going down as of late. Will have to get my lunch fix elsewhere from now on.
4	I have to give them one extra star because I do really enjoy their ramen.
1	Meh. Won't be going back. Check out photos with comments. A bit worried about the quality of the food I just consumed. Praying to the food gods I don't get sick.  Ugh can't get the wet dog smell out of my head. Really?  Have to nuke a piece of nearly paper thin chicken to reheat?And thinking about it the miso was watery as was the thin, strangely colored teriyaki sauce!   $32 lunch ... What a waste!Final note:  Parents who let their children run around restaurants yelling deserve to have to pay the tabs of those around them the inconvenience. I mean really. Why is it the world's responsibility to raise your children...you should be banned from spreading your DNA!
3	Good Chirashi Bowl but waiters didn't care about giving us a to go box.
4	The Bento is the best value, and selection. The Salmon teriyaki is the best, service is good. Best Japanese food in the valley, no Asian fusion food - real Japanese food!
1	Ugh can't get the wet dog smell out of my head. Really?  Have to nuke a piece of nearly paper thin chicken to reheat?And thinking about it the miso was watery as was the thin, strangely colored teriyaki sauce!   $32 lunch ... What a waste!
3	Alright place for expensive sushi. Rather go to teharu for almost same quality and also a lot cheaper! I wouldn't recommend for a sushi place! They have alright service nothing to come back to
1	This place was hit with health violations as detailed in the 3/16/2014 In Maricopa article linked below.  Yikes I will not be returning unless under new management.http://www.inmaricopa.com/Article/2010/03/16/restaurants-in-nearby-maricopa-county-hit-with-health-violations
4	Went in for a quick lunch and soon became a fan. This will become my new favorite go to sushi place. Friendly, clean, and amazing sushi.
3	this place was just ok. the $13 noodle and rice combo I will say is a great deal and they give big portions! flavors of their ramen were really good. service is definitely slow, as they only have like 2 servers. I'd come back again but it's nothing great.
1	I've been here many times but will boycott this place now because of my last visit.   I was here during lunch time with my coworkers.  Food was good as usual but service was by far the worst we've EVER been treated!   When the 3 of us finished our meal we paid with 2 different credit cards.   When the receipt came back to us a gratuity was added.   We asked why was gratuity added and they said because they had to spilt up our checks with 2 different credit cards.  WTF... We never have this issue anywhere we go!   It wasn't worth the time to fight this since we had to get back to work anyway.  After the stupid gratuity issue...my coworker had leftovers to bring back, so he grabbed 2 chopsticks to go. One of the waitress saw him grab 2 so she grabbed 1 of the chopstick from his hands and told him that he only needed 1 chopstick!  WOW!  We were so shocked that we had nothing to say to her.  Bye bye Sushi Ken!!!  NEVER AGAIN WILL I OR MY COWORKERS BE BACK FOR YOUR RUDE SERVICE!!!!!
3	My husband and I came here for a quick lunch. When we arrived there was a line even though there were empty tables around. From a quick look the restaurant was understaffed.  We ordered the lunch special dynamite California roll and eel avocado roll and pork katsu. The eel avocado was a good deal only $5 and it was a more affordable lunch size version of the dragon roll. The sushi was delicious the best I've had in Arizona so far however the service was toooo slow.I had to go pick up chopsticks because servers were nowhere always busy ringing up the register. The only time they came to the table after we took our orders was to give and pick up the check. I really enjoyed the food, but the service needs to improve and they need to clean the tables because they were sticky ....
5	We visited Sushi Ken for lunch today, and it was excellent. The prices are extremely reasonable, and the food is delicious. We had the spicy mini chirashi and a spicy tuna roll for lunch and finished it off with a melon cream soda. They included a nice little salad (or edamame-- your choice) and miso soup with lunch. I will be back!
5	This place was absolutely fantastic! We had the teriyaki chicken dinner with, scallop sashimi, tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi- the fish was fresh and the portion was big! Also the spicy yellowtail is amazing!  And they are quick to see if you need anything else to drink or sides without seeming too buggy.
5	It looks kind of sketchy from the outside, but what a great gem on the inside!Sushi Ken, despite being in the middle of the desert, has the best sushi I've had in the Phoenix area so far. The fish, while not super fresh, is cut with finesse, which makes all the difference for sashimi and nigiri. And such hearty portions, how can you say no?As for the curry tonkatsu, yum. The sauce was maybe a little watery, but the flavor was perfect, and the pork was perfectly breaded and stayed intact.I could see the service being less attentive if it is busy, but given my experience, I would overlook it for the quality you get in the middle of a desert.
4	BEST sushi place ever! Tempura ice cream is a must! I love their green tea tempura ice cream. The combination No. 7 is SO delicious! Their sashimi is THICK cut and FRESH and they provide you with at least 5 kinds of fish for only $12! You can't find that deal ANYWHERE for THICK CUT AND FRESH SASHIMI. Their pork shumai, ohhh my god, it is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Their ramen is super super good but the only thing about it is that its a bit salty. I kept eating the ramen and the salt in the broth just builds up on my taste buds so by the time I only have a couple of bites left, all I can taste is salt. Good experience but wouldn't order ramen again.
4	Best sushi in the ahwatukee area. Love the udon and soft shell crab roll especially. Service is quick. I had a strange incident here. We had apparently not tipped enough, and the server ended up following us to the car and asking for more tip. I found this extremely strange. We gave her five more dollars since we had indeed only tipped a few dollars for a ~50 dollar meal, but I never expected her to chase us to the car. Haha.
4	WOW... Their sushi was amazing.. Definitely coming back for more. The service was attentive but on the quiet side. They took and brought our orders quickly :) we were happy with our experience here at Sushi Ken.
5	My home away from home...ok a few blocks away. This staff knows me really well. Eat here often. Did I mention I love sushi? Very Japanese no frills menu. Not Americanized or very flashy. Just fantastic sushi. IT GETS BUSY! Don't blame the staff if the line is around the door. Please...
4	Food is 5 starsService is 2. Slow to take order slow to refill water. Price is 5. Very authentic food!
5	The sushi was perfect! Fresh, delicious and plenty of it.  $5 happy hour rolls were a nice surprise! Would highly recommend Ken's if your into good eats in an unpretentious atmosphere.
5	I had a strong craving for ramen noodle soup so I came to my favorite authentic Japanese restaurant!! Just in time before they close at 10pm. Always great to see and be greeted by the owners who are so delightful. The tonkatsu ramen pork based broth noodle soup with 3 large slices of pork, half boiled egg, sprouts, and greens was so flavorful and comforting to me. Comes with salad or edamame and California roll- all for $8.75. They have new drinks called so-chu for $5 with different flavors such as strawberry and mango for those that enjoy those kind of drinks.
3	The only thing i had here was the ramen and it tasted fine, it wasn't like OMG i need to come back all the time for it but for Ramen and in the area of like 10 miles this place is decent. But the service is soooo slow here, idk whats going on, there is like 2 servers but like 12 tables full so it takes a while to get anything. So if you need something ask for it all at once haha. I went there for lunch and it was a pretty good deal for ramen, some rolls and something else I forgot, but it was like 9-10 bucks so that was well worth it. If I'm in the area and want some ramen Ill eat here again but I won't drive out of the way for it.
2	Let me say that I do like the atmosphere of Sushi Ken's.  It's friendly, casual, and feels like what I think a sushi place should feel like.  That said, we ordered some tuna sashimi in order to get a feel for what the quality was like before ordering anything else, and I'm pretty sure that what we were served was shipped in frozen.  It was not good.  We ate it out of respect, and left.
5	When you walk into an ethnic restaurant, the best thing to see is a bunch of people of that ethnicity sitting at tables. When I walked in with my family, at least 75% of the customers were asian. So, the food is definitely authentic, and delicious. Everyone comments on the service, and while they don't have an army of waiter staff, the ones they have most definitely are not being lazy or slow. They are just very busy. If you need something, feel free to flag someone down.In terms of quality, they are phenomenal. I used to live in Hawaii, so I know good Japanese food. This is some of the best I've ever had. The name might be Sushi Ken, but they are far more than just sushi.
5	This place is soooo delicious! I hadn't had sushi in a long time and a co-worker recommended Sushi Ken so I took their advice. First of all, they have a TON of rolls. Just about any roll you can think of is on their menu. They also have great lunch specials for non-sushi meals like chicken teriyaki etc.. I tried the Sweet Potato Roll and Deluxe Dragon Roll, both were awesome! Those are my two favorite rolls at other sushi spots, so I decided to order my usual. At Sushi Ken, the rolls were prepared a bit differently than expected, but different wasn't a bad thing. I think all sushi places have a slightly different recipe for making a roll. I was impressed with Sushi Ken's quality of ingredients. The service was also pretty good. It was lunch time and we didn't wait too long for our food to arrive. Our table of 3 was very happy with everything we ordered and we can't wait to return! Maybe next time, we'll go for happy hour!
5	What a neighborhood gem.Great food, great prices, good service, what else can you ask for?I mean, arriving to a packed place and half of the customers seem to be Japanese, which speaks highly about a sushi joint imho.Will be back for sure.Cheers
4	Sushi is always fresh and they give you healthy portions for a great price!  Their hot green tea is excellent.  Sashimi portions are very generous.  My favorite rolls are the Chunky Spicy Yellowtail and Chunky Spicy Tuna...huge rolls (8 pcs) and only $5 each!  My only complaint is that the service can be a bit slow at times.
4	This place was awesome!Great food, prices, and service.Right after I sat down I ordered, and it was ready within 5 minutes.I got a Shrimp Tempura and sushi combo. Sushi pieces were all different kinds and they were all delicious. Tempura was warm and crunchy. Also came with good Miso soup and white rice.It was a quick experience but was exactly what I was looking for. :)
4	We have been going to this restaurant since it opened. Over the years, we've had both good and bad service, mostly good meals, and generally found it a friendly local place for Japanese food at a decent value.Over the months, prices have increased on many items, but the specials are still competitive, and usually tasty. Restaurant cleanliness could use some improvement. Service can be spotty, but is generally good.My recommendation is to be patient if they're busy.
5	If you're looking for quality sushi and sashimi, Sushi Ken is the place to go! What sets this place apart from other sushi restaurants is that this is a Japanese Sushi Restaurant that serves a multitude of different authentic Japanese dishes. Their serving sizes are very generous and their prices are great! Their hot ramen is better than a lot I've had in places like San Francisco and LA, and my favorite by far is their Oyako Donburi bowl, which is chicken breast, onions, shiitake mushrooms, green onions and eggs served over rice and sauce.
5	Anytime my wife and I can't decide on a place to eat, this is our go to spot. As soon as you walk through the door you're greet with a smile. We like to come during the non peak hours to avoid the rush and not have to worry about seating. The food never disappoints. When we first started coming here, we'd get the sushi combination. The fish was always fresh and plating was excellent. As we came here more often we became more adventurous. Now, my wife always gets the Spicy Miso Udon. The broth is just like miso soup with an extra kick. The noodles are cooked perfectly and aren't soggy. We always recommend this place to our friends
4	I have been here multiple times although mostly for takeout. The rolls are awesome.Never have to wait long for my order.I like that they have gluten free soy sauce but the price per packet seems a little high. Good quality food and portions.
5	Awesome food and cheap prices. Such great quality. One of the only and best authentic japanese restaurants in az.
3	Food is great. Prices not bad. Service could be a lot better. Food: best deal is the noodle and appetizer combo. Really is a bang for your buck. Noodles taste great. Soup is good.  Not a lot of meat but whatever. Its the appetizer I'm really getting anyways. Mini chiarishi. I could just have that for my meal really. Great fresh fish on Sushi rice. Every time I go though their service is slow. Whether it's packed or empty and I'm the first customer during lunch. Service will still be slow and I can't figure out why. If you have a large party. I recommend splitting the tables. They charge gratuity and the service drops ten fold. But I still keep going back for the food. Cause it's that good I guess..
5	I love this place. This is my new go to place for sushi.
5	I came here with my coworkers for lunch couple times and i was satisfied both times.  One of my coworkers actually recommended this place for serving Korean style chirashi bowl.  It did not disappoint. Very generous portion (more than enough for two to share. We ordered chirashi bowl/udon lunch combo) with a TON, I mean A TON of assorted sashimi in that bowl! Wow so much fresh fish, every bite was heaven. The server wasn't too friendly but the service was fast which is pretty much the most important thing during lunch hour.
5	Hands down the best lunch ever. Chef kadzushi is simply amazing. I loved the service and the volcano yummmmm
1	Came here again they added 20% grat since we did 3 separate checks with only 5 people. Or order wasn't even big and checks were hand written so it's not like there was extra work.
3	Sushi Ken is my go to for sushi in Arizona. The food is delicious, no doubt about that in my mind. However two things about this restaurant bother me a lot.... like a lot a lot. 1. The interior is absolutely bland, borderline disgusting. It's basically one giant room filled with dim lighting, a dirty ceiling, and an awkward looking bar/kitchen area. I've never heard any atmospheric music being played, the carpet is ugly, the furniture is boring and dark, and there is no privacy offered by the interior design. It feels like you're out in the open for everyone to watch, yet I can never get the waiters attention which brings me to my next point.2. The service SUCKS! If anyone that works here is reading this, please note that your service is terrible and try to fix it! No one ever greets you when you walk in, so you are left to stand awkwardly at the front of the restaurant until you're lucky enough for a waiter to notice you. The waiters are never friendly, never smile, and never there when you need. If this restaurant just improved their service, I would give them 5 stars.
5	The food is good, the sushi is fresh, and the udon is hot. Also, I've always found the service friendly though when they get busy it slows down a bit to accommodate the influx. For people who like a sushi restaurant that's polished and modern, may not be for you. For those of us who don't care about the trend factor and dig the Japanese diner feel, well, more yummy food for us!
3	Open on Christmas, YEA!  Good food & $. Would be four stars: Interior is awful with dirty carpeted floors, handwritten signs EVERYWHERE, one TV on in background with no sound, no music...
3	You can't buy happiness but you can buy ramen and sushi and that's kind of the same thing.Le grr.  I was hoping to start the new year off with a 5-star worthy meal!  At least it's not as bad as the Japanese-Mexican fusion place I went to earlier this week.  Yikes.  Anyways, met up with the in-laws today to celebrate my sister-in-law's milestone birthday.  I have never been here before so I jumped onto Yelp last night to see what would catch my eye.  Since it's been pretty chilly due to the winter storm, I was leaning towards ramen.  It ended up being a safe choice after seeing and tasting a little bit of what everyone ordered.I ordered the Miso Butter Ramen with the Deluxe Dragon Roll on the side.  My ramen came with either salad or edamame and three California rolls.  I should have checked the tips on Yelp because I chose the edamame thinking the warm soybeans would help warm me up as we were seated under the only ceiling fan that appeared to be running.  It was cold and old and I ended up sliding it over the Mr. W. who had a very gross salad.  The California rolls are basic so it's nothing to write home about.  The ramen was satisfying.  Although the noodles seem to be the store-bought variety, I enjoyed the flavor of the miso broth immensely.  Paired with the butter that made the soup base creamy and coat my mouth with a wonderfully richness, I was pretty happy --- even with the hard-boiled egg [I was hoping for a soft-boiled egg].  I wish they had corn instead of bamboo shoots in their ramen but that's just all personal preference.  The chashu in my ramen was also nothing special.  The Deluxe Dragon Roll is a fancified dragon roll with the addition of cream cheese and tempura shrimp.  I also got to try some sashimi that didn't seem all too fresh, a cold lovely-dressed jellyfish salad, and other little bites.Service was a little lacking but it's understandable since it was super busy.  It was a full-restaurant for the two hours we were there.  If I ever stop in again, I think I want to try their udon.
4	I'm not the type of person who likes to drive a lot, but I'll make an exception if the destination is this place. They have so many choices here like sushi, ramen and curry. I can't complain with anything I've ever ordered here. To satisfy my ramen and sushi cravings my go to order is the Noodle Combo they offer which comes with your choice of salad or edamame. I normally get the tonkotsu ramen and mini chirashi with this combo. The tonkotsu ramen is in a creamy broth full of pork flavor and the chirashi comes with salmon, yellow tail, tuna, octupus, tamago and even a piece of mirugai which is geoduck! I would give them 5 stars, but sometimes their service can be lacking.
5	I am from Boston and there are a lot of good sushi in Boston and NYC ( I also visit often), but this place is absolutely a must-go place for sushi. For the price, it is cheap but at the same time very fresh fish. Ramen are not below average and their katsu curry is absolutely the best I've had so far. I missed its food sooo much (especially the katsu curry) when I was back in Boston. Service is always welcoming and nice (very very polite). As can be seen this is a family run restaurant and there is only one waitress. I personally work part time as japanese food waitress back in Boston and I totally understand how service just simply can not be met when there are over 6-7 tables to be served at the same time (they are often full-house with one waitress). They totally deserve a good tip (or at least a average 15%-20% tips) even though you may not be fully served or at all.
4	This modestly priced Japanese Restaurant is an excellent choice. It is unpretentious, but the food is authentic Japanese and the owners are Japanese. They formerly ran a restaurant in Tucson. Highly recommended.
