4	I have both my cats on one of the Wellness Plans that Banfield offers. I pay $46/mo (both cats included) and it has been worth it. Shots, teeth cleaning, comprehensive exams..all covered. Ive checked into pet insurance and it was more expensive..Plus they're open on the weekends and it couldnt be more convenient. They have always been great with my cats so I have not a single complaint with this location and recommend them.
4	So I have never been a fan of vet chains. I have always preferred the old fashioned small vet places feeling, perhaps unjustly, that my animals would get better care there.  I really really hate being wrong. And I hate writing about it even more.  But in this instance I just have to tell my story even if it means admitting I was wrong.  I took my new 8 week old pup, Maggie, to this Banfield because the shelter I got her from gave me a $30 off coupon for her shots.  They were great with her and sold me on the Wellness Plan.  $25 a month and her visits are free for shots, exams, ect.  Last weekend my now 13 week old pup decided to take on a bee and the bee won.  Maggie looked like Snoopy.  Being new to puppies in Arizona and worried about a scorpion sting (before I figured out it was a bee) I did the typical new mom panic and called the vet.  They were very understanding and made time to see her right away.  We hopped in the car and drove right over.  No waiting to be seen and no ridicule about my panic.  Vet took his time and checked her all over.  Pronounced it a bee sting (oh the embarassment for me) gave her a cordisone shot and told me not to worry.  Sheesh.  The cost for this emergency visit?  $18 bucks for the shot  and $42 I spent on more toys for Maggie.
5	This place is amazing, especially our dogs' vet, Dr. Samoska! He is very knowledgeable, friendly, and patient. He would take his time to answer any questions we have. Most of the staffs there are also very friendly and knowledgeable. Banfield (Petsmart) offers various affordable discount plans that cover dental prophylaxis, comprehensive exams, etc. I highly recommend this pet hospital to others.
1	I usually take my pets to an old fashioned small family owned private practice. My older pet (11 years old) has been experiencing some problems so I called to make an appt. I needed to get in fairly quick. I spoke with Rebecca, who was very pleasant and stated she could be seen the very next morning.I arrived at 8:30am, and checked-in. My appt time was at 8:40am, I was kept waiting until 9:10am before I was brought into a room. There are 6 rooms total from what I could see, there were TONS of vet techs walking around and they just seemed "too busy" to truly connect with me or my pet.A vet tech came in to go over my concerns, it was brief, maybe 7 minutes maximum. Then the vet came in, she was very nice and courteous with my pet. She did a quick evaluation, again maybe 7 minutes maximum. About 5 minutes later the vet tech came back in with an estimate of $740 for blood work and xrays. I am happy to pay for my pets needs, as she is my family and she deserves the best. I unwillingly decided I would leave my pet there for testing. I returned later that day and was shown an xray of my dogs abdomen. I was told she could under-go an exploratory surgery to find out truly what the problem was, which she is old and I would never do that to her unless there is truly a purpose. I am not ok to surgically open up my elder dog for you to explore. No thanks.I was told her spleen and/or liver could be problematic causing her symptoms. When I went to pick up my pet, all the staff told me how cooperative and sweet my pet was. And even allowed them to take samples (poking her with a needle without being numbed) with no response, just tried to bury her head next to them. I was told to wait for the lab work to come back before making any decisions, which at this point. They hadn't even given me a prognosis or any indication of what could be causing this swelling in her tummy. I paid $800 for blood work, a cytology test, 1 xray of her abdomen and 20 pills of medication. (Just to give you an idea of their pricing)I was given a call today (one day later) and the person who called to check up called my pet by the wrong name. And then said we don't have the results yet, just wanted to check in on her. Nice gesture, but perhaps getting the name right & true genuine feeling behind your voice would be nice during this trauma.Overall, they are generally nice but I will not continue to utilize this place for my pet  they currently saw, or my other pet. I prefer a place with more connection, genuine care, and heart-warming understanding that pets are not just pets but family.....at least to me. That is the reason for the low star review...strictly based on if I would take my pet back or recommend to others, and No..I would not.
1	After my first poor experience, I called the vet who initially saw my pet Dr. Thomas. She would not give me a direct answer and told me she would write me an ongoing script for pain meds. I'm SO glad I went to another vet's office right down the street because that vet informed me your dog is REALLY sick. I would never ever set foot or recommend anyone who loves their animals like children to go here.
