4	Surfer themed, self service frozen yogurt shop! So happy there is finally frozen yogurt in this area-you pick your size, serve yourself-add your own toppings, and they charge according to ounces.Very friendly staff-we'll definitely go back. Cute decor inside with plenty of seating.
3	We were going to head to Woody's the other day since we were in the area visiting Costco across the street.  Unfortunately, since I ate like a pig at Costco (as per usual), we decided to skip.  Fortunately, the idea lingered and we went back the next day for a nice afternoon snack.  This was our second time frequenting one of the new-fangled fro-yo joints...the ones were you do all the work, choose how much yogurt you get, put on your own toppings, etc.  All for a price that is lower than the usual fro-yo shop, right?  Right?  Hard to say at Woody's, as I never saw a single posted sign listing how much the yogurt was per ounce.  I guess I could have asked the employee that was behind the register, but he probably would have had to acknowledge my presence first before I could have a conversation with him (note: one customer was leaving as we got in, but otherwise, no other souls to be seen).  At least we were rung up in an orderly fashion when we were at the counter, and luckily, didn't interrupt him from whatever he was doing on his laptop or portable dvd player that he had on the counter.  He did thank us for coming in on the way out the door, so there's that.  I also rough calc'd the cost of the yogurt, and figured it is somewhere around $.35 - $.40/ounce.The yogurt was good and I had a triple mixture of chocolate (which was called 'cable car' chocolate for some reason), peanut butter and banana.  I was trying to replicate the flavor of the limited edition Reese's Peanut Butter Banana Cups from a few years back and did pretty well.  If I was rating solely on the yogurt/value, I'd probably give 4 stars, however, since the service was lacking and the signage was apparently invisible, I'm knocking it down to three.
5	I seriously need help for my frozen yogurt addiction. Since I'm sick and nothing else sounded good, I made a special trip to get my yogurt fix. I usually frequent the yogurt shops in and around Scottsdale, but was happy to find one on this side of town, thanks to Yelp. It was super clean inside and I liked that it was self-serve. The guy that was working was very nice and helpful. He even looked up ingredients for me since my nephew is allergic to quite a few different foods. And he told me they are on Facebook and give updates on new flavors, ect. I will definitely be back.
4	Maybe not as plentiful a topping selection as Yogurt Buildrz in Scottsdale but still pretty good.  Tough to see off Cave Creek Road, and only one way in and out of the parking lot is a pain.But I found the staff pleasant and the yogurt very good.  Shop was nicely lit, comfortable and clean.  Liked the surfer theme -  I guess it's actually a woody theme but the two go together.Awesome to have this concept available closer to home here in North Phoenix.
4	Returned to Woody's tonight and tried some new flavors.  White chocolate macadamia nut was amazing!  Banana not so hot but my son loved the red velvet.They were out of vanilla, which was odd but it was 9:30 p.m. in Phoenix!Staff very friendly.
4	Love supporting local biz, especially when it's as good as Woody's. I've been five or six times and each time the yogurt selection is different but always good. Blueberry, orangecicle, irish mint and white chocolate macadamia nut are my faves. Also, love that they have cherries as a topping choice (Yogurtland take note), but do wish they had more fresh fruit toppings (bananas and pineapple chunks would be nice). Service has always been good and I especially like that they have a punch card and plenty of sample cups on hand.
4	Self serve yogurt and toppings
4	I REALLY like this place.  It is casual, simple, and reasonably priced.  I would give it 5 stars, but i struggle with the odd assortment of yogurt flavors that vary so widely from visit to visit.  They haven't had vanilla the 3 times I've been there, one time nothing chocolate, and on one visit there was a very odd assortment of "tart" yogurts, which did not compliment the toppings assortment.  I'm not picky, but I felt picky on that visit.  My teenage daughter was also at a loss.  When the kid who can eat a 1/2 gallon of ice cream in one evening chooses about 1.5 oz of yogurt, something's wrong with the selection.  Not all of the stations were up and running that evening, so maybe they cut out early on making more yogurtI will definitely return.  Employees are older teens, friendly.    The flavors I am particularly fond of include strawberry, coconut, and chocolate.   I LOVE their peanut butter yogurt!
5	I got a huge ol' cup of some amazing yogurt for about $3! They have a variety of about 9 flavors and their all delicious. They have this bar where you can put a large variety of chocolate chips and nuts and cookie crumbs on it.The place is nice to eat, except the 19 year old worker plays the WEIRDEST music. Kinda felt like I was at some disco where everyone was all cracked out or something...OTHER THAN THAT! The place is awesome.
4	I liked Woody's a lot.  My wife, son and I got addicted to Orange Leaf when we were in Tulsa.  We moved here and found an Orange Leaf but wasn't as close as we like for fro-yo.  We saw this one and gave it a try.  They had a decent assortment of flavors and unlike what a previous person had put in a review, the price per ounce was posted.  $.42/ounce.  Staff was nice and friendly.  Only thing I would say is that they should probably put on a cd player or an iPod and not have the music going through the cashier's Android phone. Just kind of interrupts the atmosphere in the restaurant every time that he would start and stop the music for phone calls.  The most seating I've ever seen in a fro-yo shop.  My one complaint is there are less things on the topping bar than Orange Leaf or Yogurtology.  I personally like Cap'n Crunch or Fruity Pebbles.  That is a very small gripe but still something they could improve on in my opinion.
3	This place is tucked away in a small un-anchored shopping center... it seemed very quiet.   The yogurt was ok, it seemed a bit too cold and tough but the price was good.
