2	After many failed trips to Lowes I've become a Home Depot loyalist. Months ago it took me several trips to Lowes to finally get help with what I needed. Even when I got fed up from wandering around looking for what I needed I couldn't even find an employee to help me. Nobody even asks if you need help, they just walkpast you.  Unfortunately this store is closer to my house than The Home Depot so I still go in on occasion, but I go in knowing that I will spend a lot of time searching for what I need and figuring it out because I probably won't get help or even be offered help.
1	I actually drive to a Home Depot (North 5th) that is farther because this place is so bad. Employees: not professional in the SLIGHTEST, not knowledgeable in the area they are 'in charge' of, foul language in front of customers, not enough employees in the store-ever.Example: I ordered an item online to pick it up after Thanksgiving, when I told the employee at the Customer Service desk (where it is labeled 'Internet Pickup') what I was there for, he laughed. Then he turns around and yells (not 'talks loudly') to a fellow employee "We got another one. Great.". Then he tells me "you're gonna have to wait because all of you came at once", I respond with "how long is the wait, i do have some more shopping to do?" he replies "a while, we got a lot.".So I ask "do you have a time estimate?" He says "I dunno....maybe 15 minutes, could be a lot more though"I just can't believe he had no tact, not a "Well sir, the bad news is it is going to be a little bit...etc"Just frustrating there is no regard for customer serice, tactful approach to things, as I said earlier I will always go to Home Depot off of North 5th-they are FRIENDLY, know how to conduct themselves in a business setting and many more features.The only time I don't go to that Home Depot is for paint....when I go to Home Depot off of Craig & MLK (by Capriottis) and see 'Cam'. He is such a nice guy and remembers me every time I walk in.
5	I find the staff at this Lowe's to be fairly friendly and personable. As a young female with very VERY little knowledge in handywork, I think it's great that I can come in here and easily find someone to help me with finding "you know, that clear tubing.. size? uhh.. what do yo think would fit around my shower head?" After I complete a job fixing whatever it is with the help of YouTube, I feel extremely accomplished and I must thank the staff at this Lowe's for their tips and help figuring out what it was I was trying to do and look for. They're very patient, and for that I am extremely grateful.The only bad experience I've had there was when a nice gentleman helped me pick out a shower head for my bathroom, I was sure to thank him and used his name. He babe-d me as I walked out, which was really unprofessional. '
5	So we had to come to a Lowe's store because at Home Depot the delivery date took long or the date that we wanted our refrigerator to be at our home was filled up fast (all delivery slots are shared within the whole Las Vegas area, which is a bummer because there's a lot of people wanting to deliver things and Las Vegas ain't a small city).  So my husband, my 2 kids (ages 6 & 1) and I drove to this location on E. Craig and we were glad that we did.  For 3 reasons. 1. I haven't seen those children carts in which the kids are in like a car at any of the Home Depot that we've been to and we've been to a lot, even Hawaii didn't have them.  This is a plus for me because my kids can enjoy the ride and they were happy to be in it.  lol.   2.  The man at the appliance section was VERY helpful.  Pleasant and priced matched our fridge even though we didn't know there was a cheaper one.  3.  Delivery was scheduled the next day, which is AWESOME.  I believe that Lowe's offer Delivery the next day on all appliances just as long as they're in stock.  You don't have to wait for a slot like Home Depot and compete with other people in the area.  TWO THUMBS UP!!  Overall we were happy and pleasant with coming here after a long hot day with the kids looking for stuff to furnish our new home.
3	I normally have great service here, but today it was different. There was no one at the appliances to help me, so o went to Co service and they couldn't help me, saying to ask appliance Co service. Again no one was there. My issue was I was looking for 2 h2o filters for the fridge. There was one on the shelf, but the box was open, the filter looked used and beat up, it was greasy, and leaking water... Like out was used. I was told there was 3 in stock, but walked out with no filters because of the lack of service. today, I also had issues with open and/or used scotch tape and char coal. I didn't notice the chat coal bash being ripped open from the side and sealed up with masking tape. I didn't have the patience or time to get a new bag. The scotch range box wad also open, I pulled out the two rolls and one roll was partially used up. Again I had no time to Mrs around so purchased it and left. Then I came straight to yelp. Don't think I'll be coming to this Lowes again unless I absolutely have to.
2	While looking at replacing some toilets, we stopped by Lowe's to check the prices. The question I asked the chipper employer, while pointing at a specific toilet was, "Is this the only one piece toilet you have?" She responded, "No. We have lots of toilets," as she pointed to the row of two piece toilets. I repeated my question, "Is this the only one piece toilet you have?" Her response, "Do you want a one piece toilet?" No, genius, I'm asking for my health.... This left me super frustrated so we left.
5	Went to Lowe's last night to buy a water hose. Normally I shop at Home Depot and after walking in to Lowe's I noticed how much more clean and organized they are. When I walked in, I was greeted and walked to the aisle I needed to go to. The employee (Mitch) was so helpful in walking me from section to section in the store as he made sure I had everything I needed for my new house. Lowe's is a place I will definitely come to again...great customer service!
4	For the most part, this location seems to be good. I've only been here twice and I'm in and out in less than 10 minutes. First time coming here I needed some spray paint that was behind a locked cage. Luckily enough, an employee came over right as I was looking at what I needed andhe opened it. I stood there for a moment and looked at another product. The reason I did not give them a 5 star is simply because as I was comparing products, the employee who was standing there did not ask if I had any questions or if I needed help. He just stood there and waited until I grabbed my item and walked away. The second time I went here I was in and out again. Got everything I needed which was just some painters tape. An employee did walk by and ask if I need help. Very glad they have a self checkout area. Makes it quick and easy when you have only a couple things. Did not like that the employee standing did just they. He stood there and did try to make conversation or provide good customer service.
5	Wouldn't normally review a chain of this size however I got to give a shout out to the guy in the paint department. I wish I would've caught his name but he was so amazing so patient he helped me with everything on my list.
4	I always get good service here!  This time, after three tries at listed paint stores that no longer existed, I arrived at Lowe's Paint Department with interior house paint that had hardened to rock status.  Nonetheless, Lowe's employee was able to use this remnant to prepare a quart of fresh paint that was an exact duplication of the color I provided.  And, after the paint was brushed onto a scraped interior wall and dried, it blended perfectly with the existing paint.  A win win!  And now I have on hand more paint for any future touch-up needs.
4	This Lowe's is only a mile plus from my house.  I come hear a few times a week on average and have never been disappointed.  It is not as busy as some of the other Lowe's I've been in and the service is always very good and personable.  I used to go to the other home improvement store that won't be named here but uses a lot of orange on their sign.  I could never get decent service there and am happy this Lowe's was built a few years back.Their return policy is pretty generous and I've never had an issue returning anything.  My wife and I purchased all of our replacement appliances there and Joe in the appliance section when out of his way to assist us.  They also offer a 30 day in home guarantee on appliances.  We ended up not liking the oven and they let us exchange it and pay the difference for a different one.They also give a military discount everyday and it includes retirees.  This Lowe's feels like a local hardware store and not a huge warehouse store.
4	I've had issues at other Lowe's, but the employees at this one seem to be on their game. Been here countless times after moving into a new home and I'm sure I will be here countless times in the future. Store is clean, organized, and typically has quite a few customers.Not much to improve upon because customer service was good.
5	I went into Lowe's Home Improvement for tile and was short 3 boxes. The sales person called 3  stores until he found all the tiles I needed. "GREAT JOB CHRIS!"
