4	Given the limited options of dining in Queen Creek (not even "fine", just non-drive-thru), I have often said whomever builds the first restaurant here will reap the rewards. The Olive Garden opened on the 10th with limited hours during the first few weeks. They open at 4pm during the week and have typically hours during the weekend. Don't expect to walk right in and sit right down like in the Super Cuts commercials. The herding begins in the parking lot before the doors open and the line is instantly formed. For now, it is best to just call in and get the curb-side take-away service.Knowing the difficulties that would lie ahead, I called the order in for pick up. The wait was still going to be 25-30 minutes. In the parking lot you do have to park and walk into the restaurant. There is a separate take out counter; however, the throngs of people waiting the lobby, those in line to put their name on the list and not knowing how to form a straight line, those sitting on the benches waiting to be called, and the other people wanting to fight their way through the crowd to get a visual on the available seating in the bar area make for a constant dance to allow the traffic to slowly move. Another challenge is that they ask for your first name - so if you are fortunate enough to be in line as I was tonight when two guys with the same name arrived at the same time (and naturally the wrong guy was charged for the wrong order), extra time is added. Once insitead it took me another 10 minutes or so to pay, then another 10 minutes for them to bring it up from the kitchen.Despite the traffic flow issues and the hordes of customers, that's to be expected for a newly opened restaurant in an area that doesn't have many sit-down choices. And from my recent trip to Italy feasting on plain chicken breast and peas, I have come to learn that the Olive Garden isn't that bad of a choice. They will do well here and hopefully send a signal to other future restaurants.
4	It was 8 days old when I went, so of course it was crazy in there.  With that said, they did their best at service and it was pretty decent considering.  Food was good for Olive Garden food and we will probably be back - especially since there are not many options out here in the sticks....still, if you are looking for GREAT Italian food out here, head to Baci's.
4	The wait on a Saturday night was long, roughly 45 mins. This was to be expected since its newly opened and one of the few sit down restaurants in QC. The food and service was exceptional! Our waitress Mariah was so attentive, quick and pleasant even with how busy it was! We will be back, just probably wait for the crowds to die down a bit.
5	Serivce from the Bartenders is exceptional!! Sit @ the bar have a drink, eat some food and enjoy!!!
5	I was sooooo excited for Olive Garden to open in Queen Creek! I took my family there for lunch on the 2nd week of opening. I expected a chaotic atmosphere as it was a new restaurant and the hoopla hadn't died down yet. We were very pleasantly surprised that the service was excellent and the food was amazing. I was a fan of Olive Garden before, but now I am a raving fan! I'll be back with my family for sure. Hope the quality and service remain exceptional.
4	Its my wifes favorite place and i think its pretty good to. This is a new location in queen creek its great. Its great that there is finally a decent restaurant in Queen Creek. So far the two times my family and I have been here we get a seat right away but I will keep that secret to myself.
4	I had a great experience here...so glad to have one so close here in QC.  I recommend you do arrive a bit early for dinner, especially on weekends, it is crazy...as pretty much every olive garden is  :) but this one has been especially crazy. Anyway our waitress was fantastic, best waitress/waiter I've ever had at an olive garden. I could tell she was super busy but did an excellent job making sure we had everything and checking on us ever few min.  I wish I could remember her name..she was pregnant, can't be too many of those,  and if a manager is reading this please pass on my compliments.
4	Back in the early 80's, my ex took a trip to California and when she returned she recounted this story about this amazing restaurant she went to that was called the Olive Garden. I had never heard of Olive Garden back then as I think they had maybe a hand full of restaurants. I am not sure how many gazillion locations they have today but like many chain restaurants they serve consistently good food. The night we went was no exception. We tried the seafood fettuccine with shrimp and scallops ($15.95) and the tour of Italy ($15.95) consisting of House-made lasagna, breaded chicken parmigiana and fettuccine Alfredo. Dinner comes with bread-sticks salad or soup. Beautiful restaurant, super friendly staff, a great addition to the neighborhood!
3	Typical Olive Garden. Good but doesn't have that fresh yummy flavor I like from my italian food. Service is always great.
5	Five stars seems like a lot for the OG, but when you have limited dining in the area, it is quite exciting to have a few new options...even chains.  So, please be clear that this is a 5-star OG, but still it is the OG.  After seeing a mob of people the first few days, we were afraid to battle the crowds just for the OG. However, we were pleasantly surprised! The new staff was competent, and also friendly. We had a large party and two servers constantly kept our drinks/breadsticks/salad filled. All of our meals were just what we expected, and were served hot and quickly for a busy afternoon.Everything tasted exactly as expected and the atmosphere was great.We are excited to have this option so close to home, and look forward to many more meals here. Thank you Olive Garden for (hopefully) showing more restaurants the way to the QC soon! :)
2	We waited for over 45 minutes to get a table for my son and I.  From that point on it got worse.  It took over 30 minutes to get our food. My son took a bite and said his mac n cheese was cold.   It was freezing cold. I sent it back. It took more than 5 mins to get a replacement back for my son. On top of that the food I ordered was not at all as good as it has been at other locations. The only reason I gave 2 stars is due to the server who did his best with the situation the kitchen created.  If I have my choice I will prob not be going back any time soon.
3	You can physically go to the grocery store (even a busy one), buy the ingredients, arrive home... take a brief nap, start prep, call your friends and invite them over, and fully digest your meal well before you're seated here. Sometimes busy is good...like at Pizzeria Bianca. For an Olive Garden, I'll pass next time. The fare is traditional Olive Garden, cooked the same way every other establishment does. I think becoase it's the only game in town, everyone flocks to it.
5	Complimentary fried raviolis while we wait? Sure! From the moment we stepped into the front door it was as if we were family, and hey, thats their slogan. I would say they are making true on that promise. Food was awesome, our server was a bit odd (popped up out of nowhere and gone just as fast as if we were in some movie) but friendly, and the management staff made sure everything was good before we left. No complaints, and we will be back for sure.A hint for you parents, there is a McDonalds that can be seen out of the windows. If your kids are anything like mine, try to steer clear of the windows (unless you want to hear about chicken nuggets and fries your entire meal LOL)
4	I made reservations for 7pm on Friday evening for my husband and I for "date night". This turned out to be a great decision as there was over an hour wait when we got there! If you want to witness grown adults acting like petulant, ill-behaved brats in front of their kids and in-laws, come here on a Friday or Saturday evening. Seriously, there were a couple of adults that were SO rude to the hostesses that I was shocked. Yes, you've been waiting for awhile for your table for 8 people, but what do you expect when you come to one of the only restaurants in the area on a Friday night without reservations with a big group of people? Anyway, our server was excellent. He was prompt with the drinks, but left us alone to talk. When I asked him if the dish with chicken or shrimp was better, he didn't try to up-sell me to the shrimp because it cost more. He honestly told me that the chicken is much better. A+!! My husband and I both ordered the current special: Carbonara Ravioli with Chicken. Here is the description: "Parmesan and pancetta-filled carbonara ravioli with pan-seared chicken in a creamy Parmesan sauce." This was delicious!!! Heavy on the stomach, but we both had skipped lunch and were starving so it didn't bother us one bit. The raviolis were fabulous and with the chicken, yum! We'll definitely be back... only if we have reservations though! :)
2	Olive Garden has lost it's luster. The good things on the menu, manicotti and the braised ribs with risotto are gone. The low fat pasta was just noodles and tomatoes, no seasonings to speak of. The only reason to go is salad. Otherwise, just another tired chain. Better to eat local business
4	Its Olive Garden its not very special and the food tastes processed. The waiter was very nice and gave crayons to my kids. She got a bonus tip for that. Its a wide selection and it changes as its a national chain and they have new specials all the time. Its a good bet you will get a good meal there and leave full.
1	We had just moved to the area, and decided to go for dinner at the closest sit down restaurant to us.  Which just happened to be the Olive Garden.  Our server gave us "fly by" service.  Never actually stopping at the table.  She spoke to us as she walked by.  The busser actually had to fill our drinks and bring out our food.  Which left me wondering how she actually deserved the tip?!  I ordered a gorgonzola pasta which was edible, but I'm beginning to think their all you can eat soup and salad is the only thing on the menu worth ordering.  Worst part of the whole trip, was my son got violently ill right as we were leaving.  I think they served him spoiled milk!   The expiration date on the bottle had not passed, but who knows if they were properly chilling the milk, or if it had been left out all day.  We paid for our so-so meal and took our vomiting child home and have not returned.
5	One of the best Olive Gardens we've been too! The staff is overly polite and courteous and our food comes out perfect every time! Unfortunately I can't say that about other Olive Gardens that we've been too.
4	Though I have only visited twice, I will certainly return again. (Especially since it is the closest OG in my area)The food and service was ok and reasonably accomodating.  It is a clean environment, great location and plenty of parking.Complaint: The appetizer I ordered had the consistency of processed food, or microwaved dinners.  The stuffed mushrooms were extremely greasy.  The ravioli was chewy, tough and (again) processed -tasting. (My jaws still hurt from all that chewy exercise. LOL)Nice place for children and nice area in the back if you decide to have a large party/group.
3	I thought all of the Olive Gardens are the same as far as taste because they all share the same recipes. I was wrong. The food here is just okay to me. I usually like eating at Olive Garden but have had nothing but bad experiences and huge checks eating here. I still hope it stays here in Queen Creek though because I think we need it. I will try it again sometime and maybe change my review.
5	Wow I was so excited as soon as I open the door and enter the restaurants. The hospitality in this restaurant are amazing. The restaurant although very busy at that time yet they keep very tidy and clean. The staff from the hostess to the server are doing awesome job very friendly and professional. The food also delicious and everything come out the way how we want it. The chef actually come out and greet us too.That was splendid experience very sure we will be back.
4	Not much into chain restaurants however the food was good and the service was excellent.
5	Queen Creek location is HUGE, tons of seating. Service is always AMAZING every time I have been there. Food is yummy, as always
5	This is not your "normal" Olive Garden, the Queen Creek restaurant is far above any I've been at for service, cleanliness, courtesy from hostess to waitress and M.O.D.The salad's fresh and the fried lasagne strips with marinara are some of the ultimate in comfort food.  Ask for Courtney as your waitress, but you'll find that excellent customer service is the norm here.  Good going Darden on this facility!
5	By far one of the best experiences I have had when it comes to overall customer service.  My family of 6 was seated immediately during lunch, but unfortunately, we were made to wait an extraordinarily long time before someone came for our drink order.  The waitress was extremely apologetic (though she didn't say so, it seems as if her parter was expected to get the drink orders and he disappeared on her) and did everything she could to make up for the incident.  Even the manager stopped by several times to refill our drinks and bring breadsticks. In the end, the manager even gave us a gift card to enjoy dessert on our next visit to any Olive Garden restaurant since we weren't interested in having dessert at this meal.I will definately look forward to going back the next time I am in town!
5	I'm a huge fan of Olive Garden and this location doesn't disappoint.  Yummy!! Good service! Regular prices!
4	We eat here all the time, the food is always good, however the service depends on who your server is. We have eaten here almost weekly for the buy dinner and get a dinner for tomorrow deal, one time service was great, the second was okay, and the last was horrible. I've never in all the times I have eaten at Olive Garden, had burnt and crispy breadsticks!! It's hard to tell what service will be like until you sit down. Nonetheless, it's quality Italian food for a fair price, if you can deal with the unknowns regarding service.
4	Ate here about a week ago with a large mixed group of people. It was a Saturday night and the restaurant was crazy busy. The hostess was really nice and our wait ended up being about half an hour. We got seated at a very nice table and our waitress was very friendly and prompt. The atmosphere was great, it wasn't so loud that you couldn't have a conversation but loud enough to give you some privacy. We didn't want anyone hearing us talk about Star Wars Origami anyway....I had the chicken & dumplings soup for an appetizer and the rest of my family enjoyed salad. My soup was a large portion and very delicious, my families salad was fresh and full of goodies. The breadsticks were plentiful, fresh and hot! Our waitress was very prompt with taking care of us even though she had a lot of tables. We enjoyed Parmesan Crusted Bistecca, Steak Toscano and Stuffed Chicken Marsala for the adult entree's. Everyone raved over their food but I found my plate (Steak Toscano) had some overly dry roasted potato's on it. Our kids all wanted spaghetti and they lapped it up. It looked fresh and they said it tasted great which means something because two of them are very picky eaters.We had a great time here, the service and food were excellent but it won't get my fifth star because of my dry potatoes. The price wasn't too bad either for my husband, son and myself our bill including tip was about $55 which considering all the food we ate was an excellent deal.
3	How do you run out of a prime ingredient in your drink of the day before 5 pm?  Then on my second choice, it was also a no go on the lemon vodka.  When my meal came, it had obviously been sitting under the heat lamp for too long.  The ravioli was dried out and the sauce had evaporated.  I ordered extra sauce, but it took awhile to arrive, and was cold upon arrival.  My spouse ordered the salmon, and it was a nice large portion, properly grilled.  The unlimited salad and bread was wonderful.  Thumbs down to the bar manager for not monitoring inventory and expediter for not getting the food out on time.
1	It has been at least five years since I've been to an Olive Garden so I can't say if it was this one in particular, or if they are all this terrible. We only went because we had a gift card that had been given to us as a gift. The food was absolutely terrible. I had the lemon chicken breast and I tasted like salmon. They had probably just cooked some fish and then threw my chicken on the grill right afterwords. My wife had a pizza, and it was completely doughy. Also, our soda was almost pure syrup. It will be at least another 5 years before we go to an Olive Garden again.
4	Stopped in for lunch yesterday, sat at the bar and had the Chicken Caesar salad. Although it's pretty hard to screw up a salad this one was almost as good as Earl's used to be back in Edmonton.I'll be back.
1	It is my suggestion that you don't make a to go order.  I never got A receipt (what restaurant doesn't give you a receipt?) and I didn't get all of the items I ordered. When I called I was placed on hold for 5 minutes, someone came back and I had to start from beginning. So I asked to talk to a manager. Which may I say did not seemed genuinely concerned. I told him what happened, mind you I live 20mins from the restaurant and he said oh I'm sorry and 20 minutes is to far from you? Yes, it's 10:20 at night! I'm frustrated over the whole thing at this point! Uggggh. I was upset I have friends that live close that say great things and I had a bad experience!
5	This Olive Garden has always been great. They are quick and always get my meal right. I have had water spilled on me, a rude server, and an extended wait time, but in the end I still think they are great. I went last night for dinner with my boyfriend and my dad. We were there during the dinner rush but the wait was only 15 minutes. We sat by the bar already knowing they have open seating we were still going to wait anyway incase someone else wanted the table. The bus boy instisted we take it, he cleared the table quickly and sat us down. We had great service and they didnt mind they we stayed and chatted even after we had already paid.
1	Where do I begin....It took a few minutes for us to get a server, no big deal, and once she arrived we were completely ready to go. We frequent Olive Garden so our decision making is very minimal. Once she got there we placed our drink and food order. Normally drinks come out right away, but not this time. We first received our salad before our drinks even came out. I had to request that we get our drinks as well as some croutons for our salad, for there were none in the bowl. The bowl barley had any salad in it and no cheese was offered to top the salad. Even if we did receive cheese and croutons I am unsure it would have masked the taste of the warm and wilty lettuce that filled the smallest portion of the bowl. She came back with our drinks and whole salad instead of just croutons, this lettuce was just as bad and still no cheese was offered. Once we finally got our drinks I noticed I had lemon in my ice tea, it happens often but still it was one more thing that was wrong. We ordered lunch portions of the chicken Alfredo, not for the price but for the actual size. The meals came out and looked larger than the lunch but smaller then the dinner so I couldn't quite tell what we received. Not that this is a big deal but I feel it is worth mentioning just because of everything else, normally the pasta comes with a soup spoon to help scoop your noodles, I had to ask for the spoon but it took so long I just gave up and started eating before my food got cold. Luckily the food was delicious, and that is the only reason that I am even rating one star. As expected in this terrible experience getting a drink refill was a nightmare. We were refilled once after our dinners were already gone, and the drinks had been empty since the end of the salad. I went ahead and had my credit card prepared for her to come and drop off our check so I could speed up the process..... It didn't. I tried handing her my card and she said she would be right back, she wasn't. I finally stopped another server and asked them to ring it in, I handed them my card and they said they would take care of it. We waited forever and our server finally came back, empty handed, asking if we need anything else. I responded with "my card would be great so we can go." After trying to find it we finally got it back so we could leave. Of course when I finally saw the bill for the first time, after my card had already been run because I was becoming so impatient, I then noticed they charged us for the dinner portions of the Alfredo. I guess it was the dinner after all.... I signed it got up and left, I was not about to wait even longer for them to figure out how to adjust my bill and adjust the charge already made to my card. My own fault for paying before looking I suppose. The table next to us was having many problems as well, they had to keep pulling her over and asking for different things, but I will let them yelp about their own experience. Hands down the worst experience at an Olive Garden I have ever had. Ever worse then the time they spilled and entire glass of water on me.
5	We started out the night with being told 30 Min's after about 40 we asked how much longer (ended up being about 25 Min's..) the manager comped an appetizer and was extremely nice! Thanks hunter! Our server josh was just as nice dealing with a hungry crowd! Food was fresh and tasted good this party of 8 will return!
4	I wrote a review a few months back. Wanted to follow up. This place is getting better and better.  Customer service is much better and they have a great cook on staff. I undestand fodd places go through downturns. I would recommend you try them out.
4	Service was great, food was even better.  Had the Shrimp and Chicken Carbonara, and it was sooo good.  Manager roamed the area and asked how the service/food was.  Good to see there is still great customer service out there.  I will definitely be back!
4	If you like the food at Olive Garden, this location is no different. The food is the same as at any other location. But the service at THIS location is WAY above any other I have been to! Every time we've ordered take out, we are offered a complimentary beverage while we wait, which is never more than 5-6 minutes. The hostess and reservation assistant are always smiling and friendly, even offer to carry our food out to the car. Very pleased with the level of service and would definitely recommend this location to family and friends.
1	Was just on hold for 20 minutes and then hung up on...I realize that you are busy but c'mon man!
1	The 1 star is for the breadsticks. The food is frozen, may as well get a box from the frozen food section at Walmart. The service is awful.  I ordered the Garlic Rosemary Chicken, they were out of mashed potatoes which the waitress didn't inform us until the food was already brought out and substituted with chunk potatoes. Then she proceeded to ask me what I wanted to do if I wanted to reorder something else. As we were finishing up the meal she comes over with a cup of mashed potatoes and says well you can have these now and rudely reminded me that it wasn't her fault. I guess she thought it was mine. The manager came over and proceeded to tell us that she was waiting for the truck to bring the potatoes..... I think that about sums up the quality of the food. Even the chunk potatoes and chicken was subpar at best. Will never dine there again.
4	Another good experience at the Og. The service was good just like the food. Had the steak gorganzola, it was excellent!!
4	This is the best run Olive garden I have been seen.  Food was definitely a cut above the same dishes prepared at other Olive gardens.   We'll be back.
1	I used to love Olive Garden but over the years the quality of the food has gone from fresh to frozen. I can't enjoy it anymore. Our breadsticks had this weird chewy texture like they'd been microwaved and contained a strange bitter aftertaste. The salad was good and my Zuppa Toscana was nice (although I learned how to make better making theirs just.. meh.), but the food itself was lacking greatly in flavor. What stood out to me the most was my dad's calzone which was dry. I can honestly say I made better ones in my high school culinary arts class. I feel bad writing this because I truly did love this place but now I dislike it a lot. Olive Garden isn't what it used to be, and they charge way too much for mediocre frozen meals. I'd just look up an authentic Italian food restaurant on Yelp and try that instead.
5	My favorite dish is the Stuff Chicken Marsala, it is delicious if you like mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, and marsala wine sauce. The salad is always a good choice because it's fresh! Also, the peach bellini tea is amazing; it's great tea with the extra sweetness of peach.
4	We ate at this olive garden & the food was good. The service was excellent. Our server was Saundra. She was funny, happy & very attentive. She was always there to clear our plates after salads, etc. She kept coming back to ask if we wanted cheese or extra stuff. We have been at this Queen Creek olive garden before & had terrible service & have not been back in over a year. We decided to try it again tonight & are so glad we did. When you go make sure to ask for Saundra. She was really exceptional.
3	It's Olive Garden. I've had fast service and I've had slow service. This location can get very busy and very slow at times.  I recommend going mid afternoon after lunch and before dinner if you want to keep from being there too long or if your on a schedule.
1	The service here is not good.  The server was very pleasant but inexperienced.  We ordered an appetizer to come out before the meal.  The salad was tiny so we ordered another one.  The server forgot the second salad and within a few minutes the main entree arrived.  When I asked about the missing appetizer she asked if I still wanted it.  We felt very rushed.  After the meal we asked for a box and we ended up leaving without it after waiting 10 mins.  I miss Fazoli's!
4	Honestly I haven't been to this chain in a long time, last time was travelling in CA for work a couple of years ago. I'll just say this, I had no complaints. I had the endless soup, salad & bread sticks.You cannot beat that deal for $6.99. The place was very busy and service was quick and friendly. Even though the salad is mainly iceberg lettuce it did have some nice big black olives, not too many red onions, two big pepperoncini's, crispy croutons, decent tomato's and the right amount of dressing. I added some fresh cheese to top it off. I tried the pasta Fagioli soup which was hot & tasty. I was offered refills on everything but declined as I got my fill (I was dining alone) as I ate the whole salad. This is QC afterall so there really are not that many choices.
2	We always love it here , tonight I have to say wasn't the best .really busy around 8pm, waited a little longer than normal for our server to come get our drink orders. We order food,that  came out fine , minestrone came out a lot salty , breadstick hot and warm, my son order a sampler plate , his cheese sticks came out empty , cheese was on the plate not in breaded cheese sticks (squares). Waitress tried her best to make small conversation . Told us up front that she slammed with tables , at least she was honest . We will continue to come hoping it will get better ..
3	The food was great! I got the Steak Gorgonzola Alfredo. It tasted good; the chunks of meat were cooked at different lengths, but whatever. The breadsticks were scrumptious and the salad was nice and crisp. We finished off with the raspberry cheesecake, which was possibly the best cheesecake I've ever had!However, the service was not the embodiment of perfection. Our drinks were never refilled, which was disappointing, and our salads/soups came very slowly. But the food was good! I'd go back!
4	Wonderful food and service. This restaurant  is consistently awesome with their food and service.  We keep coming back.  Love the new menus that are offered every three months!
