5	So, a few weeks ago i absolutely messed up my left shoulder. Then, in my infinite wisdom, I allowed it to get worse until I could not lift my arm over my head. Once you need help getting dressed, it is safe to say it is time to seek medical attention. So, on a referral from a friend (thanks Carmen W.!), I made an appointment with Dr. sarah Peddie.Dr. Sarah Peddie is great - very nice and comforting, and she made me feel better immediately. It took a few sessions to feel completely better, but I really did feel results right away. And was able to start dressing myself again. I had several heat-ultrasound treatments, which were so great I am still hoping to find one of those machines on e-bay, and some more traditional massage techniques. They also hook you up with a website that shows videos of stretches and other relief techniques that really help in between sessions. And, it was great to see everything demonstrated correctly.Now that i am all better, I do anticipate returning to deal with all of life's aches and pains.
5	Dr. Frank Sorrentino is the BEST! He has taken care of various back ailments; neck pain; sore shoulders over the many years we have gone to him. But this one, took the cake, so to speak....Several months ago, I injured my left shoulder. I let it go for several months (yes, I know that was a really dumb move) until I finally managed to get frozen shoulder. So, a torn rotator with frozen shoulder. A reasonably scary diagnosis....but Dr. Frank has worked on me for two weeks and the improvement is remarkable. He used ultrasound; therapy and electrode treatments. He has been patient with my wimpiness in the beginning and bent over backwards to get me cortisone injections when I needed them at the acute phase. He went above and beyond and I am very grateful. Dr. Sarah Peddie, is awesome as well and has helped out with my ultrasound. She is soothing and helpful. They are a great team!
5	My friend suggested that I go see Dr. Frank for the issues I was having in my neck and upper back. I was having sporadic numbness and pins and needles (which was really freaking me out) and they were getting more frequent even after going to physical therapy for 6-7 months. He was able to look at my MRI results and came up with a treatment plan.  I ended up quitting PT and with Dr. Frank's help- the numbness and pins and needles became less and less frequent. It took about 4 months but now the numbness was gone!! I haven't had any symptoms in months and I am so thankful that I went to see Dr. Frank.  He is the best!!!
5	About 6 months ago, I started getting headaches, and my bursitis was flaring up bad.  So I did all the wrong things first (ignore the problem, try to self cure, go to expensive health gurus, etc), then I decided to do the right thing - go on Yelp to find a good chiropractor.  After reading all the rave reviews for Grayhawk Family Chiropractic, I decided to give them a call.This place is amazing.  Dr. Frank took his time with me to work on the root of the problems (surprise! a Dr. that actually cares!), and not just the headaches.  Karen, the massage therapist, is wonderful, and you will want to come and see her every visit (trust me on this one). I also saw Dr. Sarah, and she is as sweet as can be.  Now I am feeling good, and only come in for maintenance visits!  I cannot recommend them highly enough!
5	Dr. Frank is the best! Last year I was in so much pain I could barely walk. I got fixed up and now feel much better. I would recommend him to friends and family!Thanks Dr. Frank!
5	Best Chiropractor in the North Scottsdale!!!Dr. Frank Sorrentino is awesome. Dr. Frank takes the time to understand the patients needs and spends ample time during each session. My wellness treatment includes a combination of Graston Technique and Traction, which were not offered by my previous Chiropractor and it has made a huge improvement to reduce my low back pain.
5	I just want to give another shout out to Drs. Frank and Sarah for what a wonderful job they do. I'm coming up on my two-year anniversary as a patient and couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
5	I decided to start going here after finding it was in my network, close to work, had a decent website and had really good reviews on Yelp.  I hadn't been to a chiropractor in several months and needed to establish myself with someone.  Dr. Frank took about an hour in the intake appointment to go over my entire medical history and chart discussing everything in detail.  I'm hoping my aches and pains will start to subside now that I'm getting adjustments and massages on a regular basis.  If you're looking for a chiropractic office that encompasses all levels of care (PT, massage therapy, acupuncture) then look no further.
5	Dr. Sorrentino always made me feel like I was his only patient of the day, took the time to explain the progress of my injury and discussed the appropriate options moving forward.  Overall, just an excellent experience.
5	Love the easy going professional approach. Great to know they are locals that live in and love the same community I live in! Fantastic easy going style will have me coming back as often as needed.
