5	This is another locally owned coffeeshop that is great when starbuck's isn't handy. I like the fact that they carry boar's head lunch meats and cheeses for their deli sandwiches. They close early everyday, around five, and open early too.
5	Awesome local coffee shop. Everyone is super nice, and they allow me in with my weenie dogs if I'm stopping in on a walk. Good food too! Ive only ever tried their breakfast sandwiches, and they are your usual homemade egg/cheese/meat combos on your choice of bread/croissant/english muffin, and they come with a side of fruit, usually a half orange in slices. They close around 3 on the weekdays. Some mornings it can be a little busy in there with the regulars from Chatham Village, but I don't mind waiting and chatting it up. Its nice to have this right down the street from me, and Ill definitely miss it when I eventually leave the neighborhood.
5	I love this little shop and was sad when I moved away - just out of walking distance. I still make the trip though - the breakfast sandwiches and friendly service are worth it. They have a good selection of coffees and always give orange slices with your breakfast. Don't come here in a rush or you will miss out on the great atmosphere and neighborhood feel the owners have successfully created.
4	I wish so much that I could give this 5 stars!  I wish so much I could sit and work here for hours!  I wish so much... that they had internet!  That's the whomp, whomp moment right there...The cafe is adorable, set inside the beautiful Chatham Village.  Chatham Village in Mt. W is like this little Victorian colony of townhouses that you would never imagine are hidden up there.  But they're there.  And the residents are lucky enough to enjoy this adorable little coffee house right next door.But it's so much more than a coffee house.  They have a huge menu full of lunch offerings besides the drink menu.  The drink menu alone is impressive for a small, hidden cafe.  I ordered the roast beef panini with horsey sauce.  It was tasty and came with chips and a little bowl of oranges.  At $7, it was a steal!  Living up here I'd make this my go to meeting and work spot but it doesn't have wireless internet.  I hate to be a spoiled Millennials (okay, I'm barely that), but that's kinda annoying.  Maybe it's just that environment where it's not necessarily needed.  Don't know.  But I'll be back for a quick bite with friends fo sho!
1	Poor Service, long wait time, no internet, very limited seating. If you are not a local who knows the staff, I would not go to Cafe Cravings for coffee or breakfast. On my multiple trips for weekend breakfast (most recent being my last), my order was taken, and several people were served ahead of me. A wait time of 20 minutes for a bagel egg and cheese that bruggers manages to put together in less than 5 minutes is inexcusable and seems to be the status quo at this shop. The prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is a decent attempt at hometown coffee shop, but if you are looking for good service, this is no place for an outsider.
5	I highly recommend this coffee shop.  The coffee, homemade breakfast sweets and homemade soups are all very good.  The owners are really, really nice!  I make it a point to meet a lot of my friends there and they love the place as well!
4	Love this place - phenomenal coffee & a great made-to-order food selection (I've only ever gotten the sandwiches). The atmosphere is fun and the workers have always been friendly :)Only problem - no internet! I know that is not necessarily a requirement in all restaurants (and it is possibly a nuisance), this is a coffee shop.  I would come here way more frequently (and spend more money) if I could also work from there.
5	Best coffee shop in Mount Washington by far! Not only they are the best relative to the other establishments on the Mount, but they also have several characteristics that make this coffee shop great for itself: - the friendliest and I mean FRIENDLIEST staff . You are greeted with a smile and always remembered. Consider it the Cheers of coffeeshops. - Good food! And they have variety, from donuts to sandwiches and ice cream. - Outdoor sitting in the weekends - You can bring your dog in when you are ordering !!
