4	Eating here is not just eating, it is an event.  The food is good, but one of my best friends is greek and so I have tasted better, but the entertainment is worth the trip.  They have a great band that plays for a long time and a good belly dancer that brings people out to dance with her.  The owner is very enthusiastic and he dances as well.  You get to break plates (you have to pay for them, only $2).  All in all a great dining experience.
4	Bacchanal's is another big group restaurant.  It's more fun if you have at least six people. They have a live band, belly dancer, plate tossing, dancing barefoot in the parking lot, what more could you want?The food is quite tasty, and the owner of the restaurant is always milling around checking to see that everyone is having a good time.   You can't help but have fun unless you're just a sourpuss.  It helps to have awesome friends to make the night even more memorable.I seem to remember someone dancing like the Ally McBeal baby....hahahaha....
5	Bacchanal has an FQ (fun quotient) that just can't be beat.   My journey to Bacchanal was just a hoot.  We held an office related function at this hidden treasure and simply had a blast.  The food was good, or at least that that I took the time to eat.   I was so enthralled in our belly dancer, plate throwing and eventual group dancing that I failed to really enjoy the food, but from what I recall it was all good.   The owner treated us all like family and made us all very welcome.   They also worked exceptionally well with our company in advance of the event and customize the evening to our group.  If you go, go with at least a small group and make a night of it!  Opa!
4	I've only been once, but I swore to go back again.  This place is fun, spirited and the food was very good.  I definitely suggest this place.
2	This place is a blast for entertainment. You feel like you have crashed a greek wedding. I think the next time I go, I skip dinner and just have a drink in the bar. The food is overpriced, bland and it is so loud you cannot enjoy your company. If you come for dinner, you sit thru the band playing the same rifts over and over. I can only yell in my neighbors ear, so the rest of the table is forgotten. But for a rowdy group that just wants to drink and dance, this may be perfect!
5	This place is great for a big group of people. We originally thought we were going to have 6 people. We ended up having 11 by the time everyone showed up. The staff was more than happy to accommodate us. The Kota Athenian chicken is very good. The price range is moderate. All in all a fantastic place.
4	I would give 3.5 stars, but can't so I am giving the Bacchanal 4 stars. I recently tried this place out while at a birthday dinner for a hockey buddy. There were 12 of us sitting at a U-shaped table, which was nice since everyone could talk to everyone. Well, we could if we weren't right next to the band, but oh well. I think the appeal for this place is definitely the atmosphere. It is almost like a show where they serve food and alcohol, as opposed to a restaurant. There is one older Greek dude with two lazy eyes who kind of MC's the "event". You can really only understand every fourth word he says, but at least it is somewhat authentic. The band was good, with a rag-tag group of Greek gentleman. Although the drummer reminded me of Big Pussy from the Sopranos. A belly dancer came out and fell in love with my buddy Peter. He was in love too, I think. You also get to throw ceramic plates onto the dance floor and yell OPA! The food was decent, nothing spectacular. I had a baked Halibut fillet with a lemon bechemel sauce. It came with potatoes and vegetables. The veggies were a little disappointing. They obviously weren't fresh, most likely canned. We did try the calamari, which was good. They have Stella! This made me happy. Overall the party had a great time, but I don't think anyone was blown away by the food. The same strange lazy-eyed Greek gentleman shook everyones hand on the way out. That was nice, but I ended up smelling like whatever cologne he had just taken a bath in.
4	We went last night.  If you want to drink Greek beer, ask what they have, it's not all on the menu, which is kind of cool.  We had Marathon and Mythos, preferring the Mythos.We got to saganaki, which is good, $9 which I thought a little pricey but it was very good.  We also got the Mushroom stuffed with crab appetizer, tasty as well and they give you 6 big schrooms.The Greek salad is very diverse, the dressing is not my favorite Greek dressing but it still was plenty tasty.Finally, we shared the Fantasia plate $22, it is a sample of everything and everything was good.  The lamb was very tasty and we really liked the Greek lasagne.I don't know if they have the band and belly dancer every night but last night they did and that was really fun.  So for dinner and a show the place is worth it even if the dishes are a little higher than most Greek places.The owner, don't know his name, is very excited that you come to his restaurant, which is a nice touch :)
5	The Bacchanal is the BEST and MOST AUTHENTIC Greek restaurant in Arizona and by far my favorite place to go.
3	Maybe more like 3.5 stars.  Does someone at Yelp not understand the power of a fraction?We went on the advice of friends, expecting to see bellies shaking, plates breaking, and all around havoc.  Unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, no such luck.  The entertainment does not start until 7:45.  We arrived after 6 and were the only diners there, but we were warmly welcomed by who I assume is the owner.The server/bartender generously offered me tastings of two Greek white wines.  Then proceeded to fill up my chosen glass, and I mean fill it up, to the top.  Was it the best wine?  No, but there was a lot of it!We ordered the baked Kefalograviera flaming cheese as an appetizer.  Cheese on fire is always fun, but the cheese itself...just okay.  It's a hard sheep's milk cheese, salty.Since I'm horribly indecisive when it comes to food, I had the Fantasia platter.  It included dolmade, pastichio (a lasagna), moussaka (layers of eggplant and potato with a red meat sauce), arni psito (leg of lamb),  and kota Athenian (chicken with mushrooms and artichokes).  The lamb and moussaka were delicious, and I would recommend either.  The lasagna was okay, but nothing special.  The chicken dish was disappointing to me.  It was dry and lacked flavor.Our service was great, attentive without being obtrusive.  And the owner thanked us as we left.  Seems like it could definitely be a fun place while there's entertainment...hmmm, possibly the makings for a Yelp event.
5	Best Greek food I had in Arizona and excellent entertainment.The dolma's were the best I've had, their version of Babaganoush was very good and they had many lamb-based dishes.The entertainment was great. Live music, belly dancing, greek-style fun, broken plates, and dancing.Since I had the sampler plate I can tell you that if you're vegan, vegetarian or any other wacko thing like that, you might not enjoy the food here (Greek Lasagna?....really?) Also, the chicken was no good but I don't really like chicken anyway.
5	I have a secret.I don't like greek food.  At all.  I hate olives, feta cheese, gyros, etc.I brought my mom here for her birthday, and it was GREAT!The entertainment was AWESOME and family friendly.Everyone in the place was laughing and having a great time.  My family very much enjoyed the greek food too.  This is where everything birthday/special occasion should be celebrated.  Hands down.OPA!
5	Unlike my sis, Sarah M., who doesn't like greek food,  I love greek food and this place did not disappoint.  Not only was the food great but it felt like we were invited to a family party rather than eating at a restaurant.  Loved the music and the dancing and how everyone was included.  My 11 year old was invited to dance more than once and she had a great time.  I highly recommend going for a late dinner and staying for the entertainment.  Be willing to join in and you will have a blast!
3	We made a point to go to Bacchanal after years of driving past it on Thomas.  The parking lot was full.  We lucked out and found a spot.  We walked up to the door and were kind of surprised by the sounds coming from the inside.  There was a band and lots of chatter.  Hadn't even opened the door yet.  When we entered we were greeted by the owner with a hand shake and were seated near the dance floor.  We noticed there were large parties of ten or more at the tables.  It was kind of like a banquet hall from the 70's-80's.  Our waiter was a young guy who sold us on a Greek beer.  It was called Marathon and it was decent.  I ordered the meat balls to start, a Greek salad, and the moussaka.  While waiting for our food we were entertained by the band and a belly dancer.  She was a lot of fun and got the crowd to shake shake shake.  There was a birthday party happening and everyone in the party was given a plate to break.  The plates were smashed in the middle of the dance floor and a circle dance  was started around the mess.  The food was okay.  The party atmosphere at Bacchanal can not be beat though.  Truly an orgy of food and fun.
1	IT'S THE 1982 WEDDING RECEPTION THE BRIDE'S DAD DECIDED TO HOST IN HIS HALFWAY REMODELED SUNROOM/PORCH YOU WERE HOPING TO FORGET.--why is this 6 block area of Thomas stuck in 1982?--flashing colored lights were in bad taste, even THEN--live music is only redeeming quality, and it's BAD--belly dancer goes after EVERYONE in the room. yes, it's THAT wedding reception--stackable vinyl elk's lodge chairs lost their cush in 1984. HOW can they still be in use?--plate breaking at $2 a pop turns quickly into an exercise in dodging ceramic shrapnel. thank god we were not close.SERVICE HORRIBLE--forgot salads, then dropped them when we were about to leave anyway--drinks never refilled, beers never checked--it's like we were just invisible and unwelcome--host/owner saw us about to leave, but then turned awayFOOD JUST WAY PAST ITS TIME--cuisine has come such a long way since 1982. get with it!--NO ONE actually wants to eat a pile of raw onions buried under globs of mucousy "greek" dressing.  WHY!!?--everything's in 1982 except the prices. You want me to pay $20 for that?!?Now I know why no one has ever mentioned this place to me _in my entire life_. Some places are better left undiscovered.
4	live greek music, belly dancer, and uozzo 12 - how can this trio disappoint?so what if the food is just ok?  there is just too much fun to be had here.
4	being in Greece!2_fewdgasmAugust 15th, 20:30I've never been to Greece yet it's on my bucket list! The food is amazing, the people intriguing and the scenery incomparable!The closest I've come is visiting local greek restaurants. Years ago ( 1989 to be exact) a new restaurant opened and sent mail coupons to advertise. Taking a chance I ventured out to find the most welcoming, friendly atmosphere with greek food that made me feel as if I had been transported to a greek island! A place where the owner greeted each patron upon entry and gave them a hug or a handshake to say goodbye...what a treat.Sadly, I've only been back a handful of times. No particular reason, just living life and business.... Saturday, I was thinking of belly dancing , food and good company. My companion and I decided to head out to The Bacchanal restaurant in Phoenix. I was hesitant as it had been eight years since I had eaten there.My heart leapt and a smile crossed my face as Yoryos, the owner ( a bit grayer yet he had the same spring in his step and welcoming smile on his face) greeted us and seemed genuinely happy we arrived. The live greek band had begun to play and already it was feeling like home.....We were seated quickly and promptly ( I recommend reservations on Friday and Saturday nights). The wine list is not extensive but has enough greek wines to interest a connoisseur. The atmosphere was dimly lit with candles, white linen tablecloths. Mirrors added the aura of more space and allowed one to see the dancer from every table.We started with one of the appetizer variety plates ( Tiropita, spanakopita, dolmades, feta, kalamata olives,stuffed mushroom, and tzatziki dip ) The Spanakopita was cheesy, delicate melt in your mouth. The stuffed mushroom ( bacon) was firm not mushy and the bacon was delicate not in your face.The Tiropita was gentle with a buttery crust and delicate cheeses inside. All in all a lovely dish as a good introduction to greek food.Our entrees arrived. The traditional Moussaka looking lovely in it's red sauce paired with lightly salted potatoes and a mixed vegetable. It was meaty, hearty , tomato flavor that tasted as if your greek mama slaved over it all day. Just enough mix of onion and egg to bring the flavors of the lamb alive. The Veal Bacchanal was served in a creamy white sauce with mushrooms and artichoke hearts! It was tender, juicy and subtle yet very tasty... one bite combined with the artichokes and mushroom made me close my eyes and just say " AH'. fewdgasm! Im usually not a fan of mixed veggies but the spice and tenderness made them quite tasty.As we ate and enjoyed our wines, Alexia , the belly dancer began her moves. She is Yoryos' wife. She was very fluid, beautiful skilled and playful! She moved around all the diners....collecting a few dollars along the way :).The restaurant was full with many birthday groups ( the largest being 25) Yoryos and his wife invited many diners on the dance floor . One beautiful older lady ( 90 if a day) was up doing her own belly dance moves.It was as if one were in a greek home partying until the wee late hours!Of course we hit the dance floor a few times !As we left Yoryos spoke with us about our evening, my children, his children.... and after I received a kiss , hug and admonition to not wait eight years to come back.....we went home with soul and stomach happy and content.I give this restaurant 4 of 5 orchids! The service was adequate but not exceptional.Im ready to go back and next time it will be for MY birthday ! The Bacchanal Bacchanal3015 E. Thomas Rd.Phoenix, Arizona 85016 Telephone: (602) 224-9377Belly dancing Friday and Saturday night ( 8-1 ) Live music 8-1 amOn Friday and Saturday they have special performances of Folk dancing and traditional Shoe dancing. And of course belly dancing!
4	5 stars on entertainment and fun. 3 stars for the food.  Live band, belly dancers, and accomadating owner that is there to have fun.  Food was alright, but we had a ton of fun.  If you want the same bland Phoenix dining experience, then don't go here.  If you want to be transported out of the heat exhausted norm of Phoenix, then go to this lively plate smashing venue.  Anytime I hear OPA, I think of this place.
4	3.5. It was very quiet when we went, no dancers or band. The food and service were great- the one exception being the salad. It had too much dressing. The feta was delish- very subtle. I had the moussaka- it was very tasty! Decent portions size, along with potatoes and vegetables. They are not stingy with the bread either, which is a rarity. My companion had the chicken with lemon and artichoke, it was good, but I preferred my moussaka.Would I go back? Absolutely. But next time, Id like to see the dancers!
5	Giving a place a 5 star review is serious business. I would give them 10 stars if I could. Best dining/outing experience I have had in awhile. One can go out to a place sit, order, eat, pay and leave at just about anywhere, but where is the fun in that? Bacchanal is a one of a kind dining event that I predict will be on my frequent dining list in days to come. George, the owner, greeted us as soon as we walked in the door. We noticed it was especially busy, come to find out it is a woman's 90th birthday. 90! She was awesome too....side note - at 90 years old she put the whole party together - e-vites and all and roused a crowed of 75 close friends and family to party with her. She is my idol! We got a great table over looking the festivities, great view of the band and dance floor. We then met Taso, George's son, who took great care of us the entire night and quickly brought our first of two bottles of wine. Yadda yadda yadda.... everything was great there on out. I had the Souvlaki Eilian (sp) - lamb skewer with rice potato and veggies. The rest of my party had the Greek style lasagna, veal and a different lamb dish. Oh and we also started with the flaming cheese, and lemme tell you, cheese on fire is awesome! Perfectly greasy and yummy! All were awesome. Then of course came the Ouzo shots and plates for breaking... OPA! The band was perfectly Greek, we were graced with two different belly dancers, one of which is in the Ginus Book for flipping quarters of on her belly one by one. Don't ask, you just have to go check her out. Pretty impressive! Then we all danced. All and all we had a more than great time. Thank you so much to George and Taso for making it fab, we will be back for sure!
5	This place was, in a word, AWESOME. For those who don't know, one of my favorite places in THE WORLD is Sammy's Roumanian Steakhouse in Manhattan.  This place actually reminds me a LOT of that place, which is great to have right in my neighborhood (not to mention right next to my favorite strip club, but that's another review).Came here with a group of ladies on Saturday night, and we had so much fun. I mean, how many items need to be delivered to your table ON FIRE before you start having a good time?  Hint: It doesn't take many. However, our mid-twenties asses were put to shame by the biggest party animal of the night, 90 Year old Mildred. This chick was celebrating her birthday with 75 of her closest friends and was scooting around that place with a vengeance. It was incredible. According to the wonderful owners we chatted with, she E-VITED her guests.  Yes, a 90 year old woman learned how to E-VITE specifically to invite 75 friends to Bacchanal.  That may not be entirely accurate, but I wouldn't doubt it.I had the Veal Bacchanal, Aimee H. had the lamb skewer, and our two friends had the Greek Lasagna and the Lamb Shank.  My veal was very good, but the Lamb Shank that I tried was incredible! Like fall off the bone tender. But it was huge, and I was filling up on wine and ouzo, so I was satisfied with my bites.Really though, the experience itself is worth five stars. Yes, the food isn't inexpensive (around $15-$20 for an entree...but they have a gyro plate for $10 as well), but they could have charged $5 at the door for the entertainment alone. Belly dancers, a live band, freaking throwing plates on the ground! Obviously, the way to any girl's heart is condoned destruction of property, so they did a great job recognizing that.Okay this is a long review, but go when they have the belly dancers and band, get the lamb and some ouzo shots, and throw some plates on the ground. If you don't have a good time, you should maybe re-evaluate your definition of "good time". That is all.
4	Bacchanal must be greek for spectacular.
4	I've been here once, and it was a fantastic time. This place is an easy 4 1/2 stars. I feel as though I'm shorting them with 4, but that I'm being too generous to award a solid 5.I arrived with my date to find we were the only patrons to arrive for dinner, and it was 6:30! A bit surprised to find it so barren, we were seated by an older man, very talkative and bursting with personality. He took care of the basics, then proceeded to chat with us about this and that. I could tell he was attempting to make us feel welcome...keep in mind this large, banquet-style room was empty, the only soul in it perched at the bar, solo. My girlfriend went with his suggestion of a Greek red wine (I can't recall the name, however she loved it). I ordered a great-tasting Greek lager, Marathon IIRC.After our drinks arrived, presented to us by the hilariously entertaining host, we browsed over the ample menu to find our entree. As soon as he described the 'family secret' recipe to me, Lamb Capama, I was sold. He had this matter-of-fact attitude when describing it as if to say "This is the dish you want, sir", so I ordered it with the quickness. I'm so happy he made this suggestion. This lamb was so juicy, so tender, and so flavorful! It's almost so good it's bad, as I know the next time I return to Bacchanal I'll probably get the same thing and not try the others! My girlfriend went with a feta-stuffed chicken dish of sorts, I don't recall the name, however she was praising it after almost every bite.Our entrees were delivered by a younger man with black, spiky hair. He was, I'm going out on a limb here, unmistakably Grecian. I certainly don't mean this in a bad way, as he was a fantastic waiter, almost as enjoyable as the host who entertained us prior. I mention this because every person who waited on us during our visit was memorable at LEAST.About halfway through our dinner, a group of 12-18 came in and sat in the middle of the room, nearest the 'stage' area. There were a few more couples who came in, and were seated, scattered throughout the front-stage area. My girlfriend & I were enjoying a quiet, romantic dinner when all this ruckus came through the front door, but we didn't mind much. More waitstaff surrounded the tables, no more noticeable ambient noise as the group's chatter dominated the acoustics, and a belly-dancer entered stage right....what a change. the must've been waiting for the evening rush or something because this happened almost on queue. The staff tried to get everyone involved with dancing and singing and whatnot. This was okay with me, but on that particular night I was not into it.Anyways, the food was fan-damn-tastic, and worth the price. Drinks were more than satisfactory. The waitstaff was superb; with their service & suggestions. It was more than 2 months ago since this experience and I'm VERY surprised I've not been back for a follow-up visit.GREAT joint.
5	HAD A BLAST AT BACCHANAL!!!!! If you want to have a really good time, decent drinks and food, and BREAK SOME PLATES  go here!!!  The belly dancers got a lot of people active in the dancing! OPA!
5	I absolutely adored Bacchanal! The wine, food and live Greek music is amazing!!!  If you want to let loose you can here!!!! Practice Belly dancing, greek dancing.....bare foot dancing ;) and break plates .......truely the best time I've had in a while. Check it out!!!! :)
1	I'd been to Bacchanal several times in years past. It was tons of fun. Good food and an outstanding atmosphere -- belly dancing, live music and the best part -- you can break plates. So, I planned my boyfriend's birthday dinner to be there last night. I called 2 weeks ago to make the reservation for 15 people. I called again on Tuesday, Oct. 25 to confirm. They said 'see you then!' When my party of 15 arrived to a dark, deserted parking lot, we were perplexed and I was embarrassed. A big pink sign tacked to the door explained:Sorry we are CLOSED for Problems Forced The Remodeling Oct  25 - 31Which begs the questions: If the restaurant was already closed on Oct. 25,  why did they confirm my reservation when I called Oct. 25? And why didn't they call me to cancel my reservation? I'm seriously disappointed and sad that a place I would once have given 5 stars is now barely worthy of 1.
4	So fun and so yummy!  We had a blast with our big group and the food was fantastic.
5	Fun atmosphere, delicious food, good prices.
4	Don't let the sketch-filled parking lot fool you! I know, there's Los Burritos a few doors down and  Kim's Chinese Food and a Cristiana Libreria.... Random oozes out of that strip mall. But Bacchanal is great. I had a Google Offer for the place and luckily live pretty close so made the trip last night. The decor is definitely dated (i.e. glass block walls, shitty chairs)- but you can tell they tried. They tried to create a gem in an otherwise downtrodden area. The food was surprisingly good. We started with the appetizer platter- a sampling of deliciousness. I would have never thought to get cheese at a Greek place, but this cheese was so fresh. It was perfect with the fresh pita triangles served with it. I had high hopes as I am a fiend for tzatziki sauce and the gyro platter I got was to die for. So good. I can't emphasize enough. So good. I want to eat gyros every day now. It's a weird hankering to have, but alas, it is what it is. My date had a lamb stew with veggies, potatoes and rice- Also very good. The portions are perfect for the price (gyro platter $10, lamb entree plate $16). They also have Greek wines and Greek beers available- And there's a sign right outside the door that had words concerning my favorite hours of the day (you know, those happy ones)- half off appetizers and discounted beers. Both great things in my book. I plan on returning. Feel free to join me. We can learn how to bellydance our bellies full of lamb together.
5	This is a romantic diamond in the rough spot.  I came here with my dinner date and found it intriguing when we arrived, the doors were open and we could hear the greek guitar from outside.  We were ready!  The decor and seating is a throwback from the past, but we were here for the food and entertainment.  It's definitely here on  a Saturday.  Were were promptly seated ordered some Greek white wine and the saganaki.  Both were very good.  We then decided to order our entrees and our waitress was fun and playful.  While we waited, the belly dancing and greek guitar was going.  To make sure we were able to take part in the entertainment, the waitress offered us some plates.  We took one for each of us.  This was a fun hit, we threw the plates and broke them and it was a hoot.  When we received our food, it was great.  I had the chicken with artichokes and my date had lamb.  His was cooked just so perfectly it fell off the bone.  He got a thrill giving one of the belly dancers a tip, and then it was time for desert and the greek guitar.  It felt like we were on a greek island.  The chocalate cake was wonderful.  We were going to call it quits, but someone at the table next to us suggested that we finish off with one of the black licorice shots.  Yawsix!  This was a great time.  Now if I could just learn how to play that greek guitar....
2	Visited Bacchanal because of a restaurant - com coupon I picked up. They could stand to update this place a bit. The seats all seemed to have their padding worn out and I tried 3 different seats from neighboring tables. If you plan on pacing your meal out longer than 30 min or so, you might end up with a soar rump at the end of your visit.They are not located in a great part of town and you could easily miss them if you weren't looking for them. On the south side of thomas just east of 30th street by a few feet. The food was neither good nor bad. The greek salads were good and the pita bread they bring was great. I ordered a gyro platter and the gyro meat was not shaved off the spit like one might expect, but it seemed to be more like thin pieces of meat fried in a pan on their stove top. My guess is because they don't do a high enough volume that an entire cone of gyro would be too wasteful - although I could be wrong. Either way, ive had much better gyro from other establishments.If you're looking for better mediterranean food I would recommend cypres grill over on camelback, just next to the trader joes. I can't attest to the atmosphere much, because when we were there on a friday (maybe it was saturday) around 6pm, we were litterally the-only-people-there. As we were leaving another group came in to eat. Seems like everyone already got the message that there are better options for greek / mediterranean.
3	closed :(
