4	To the fine folks who keep Canada secure, my husband was clearly part of an international syndicate of syrup smugglers.  But rather than make a run for the gate, he stepped out of the security line, explained that he's just a mad-for-maple tourist who forgot about the 3-ounce rule, and checked the gigantic bottle of Les Delices syrup carefully wrapped in layers of T-shirts and nestled in his carry-on.Les Delices is in the middle of Vieux Montreal, part of the Old-Europe-type architecture that fascinates us Americans.  I know, we're suckers for even going into such a touristy spot, but Barack apparently brought Michelle a box of Les Delices cookies, so of course we had to have some.  I agree with the other reviewer that the people who work there are really nice, even for Canadians.  One girl offered samples when we were visibly overwhelmed by the choices (maple candy, cookies, wafers, syrup, etc.) and helped us choose between the endless varieties of maple-based snacks.  (Not that this is relevant, but she was also really cute; I would have totally gone back to the hotel to grab my brother were he not there with his girlfriend.)Oh, the cookies.  They're pleasant, but not terribly maple-y or anything spectacular (insert quip about Canada, if you must).  Of course, that didn't keep me from going through almost a whole box in a week.  And you know what?  Whatever's good enough for the First Lady is good enough for me.
4	Obviously VERY touristy, smack-dab in the middle of Vieux Montreal, but we loved our big, sticky, decadent croissants (maple-almond and chocolate, if I recall correctly.) They had so many maple-flavored pastries and sweets on display -- want to go back and try them all!
5	Ah, the sweet smell of maple things, the visual excellence of shelves of syrup and cases stocked with baked goods and pans of sweet gelato. The friendliness of the counter staff as they eagerly get you to sample the various flavors in the case. Mmmm Tourist mentality.In general it was a fantastic little shop to hit in Montreal while we were there. Their basement has a little museum that explains the syrup process with various pictures and stories. Their main floor as stated above is mainly for the food and gift shopping. I got the maple gelato with maple bits, sweet, simple, fantastic. The glass of milk washed it all down nicely.  Fiancee tried the passion fruit which was "tangy and incredibly refreshing, and you can quote me on that." Ok I will.  If you're in Vieux Montreal and find yourself nearby, definitely give this sweet spot a stop.
3	Sure it's touristy but the maple brown sugar gelato was a great treat after walking thru too many kitschy souvenir shops.  Add a shot of maple syrup on top of your gelato for only a quarter.  Skip the museum in the basement and the expensive "fancy syrup".  Just go for the gelato.
4	Their ice creams with maple flavor is to die for :) I also bought a maple syrup (packed in a maple leaf bottle :) ) but yet to try it!
4	Was strolling along Old Montreal and ran into this quaint little shop selling maple syrup in all varieties. The sales associate was super friendly and offered us numerous samples of syrups, spreads, and jellies. He was knowledgeable about the different types of maple and how best to use all their products. Before I left, I had to also try their Maple Delight ice cream, loaded with chucks of maple sugar in each bite! Ended up leaving the place wishing I had tried their donuts covered in maple though!
5	i freaking love this place.. they have plenty of samples... and plenty of maple stuff.. my fiancee and i shared a maple ice cream as well as a couple cookies.. we also bought a box of maple chunks since that's something we could carry on the plane..i also had a cappuccino which was sprinkled with maple sugar overall.. this is a tourist place but you got to check it out
4	Maple everything... Yum!!! We had the gelato- maple chunk and also pistachio- both of which tasted a lot like maple!
4	After walking around Old Town in Montreal for a while without impulse buying Indian artifacts or tourist T-shirts, we stumbled into this cute maple syrup specialty shop. Everything in the store is made of or with maple syrup. I tried the maple leaves cookies after browsing around and had to pick something that is not completely sinful. It is small but packed with sweetness and I wish I had got more! They also have a small corner in the back where they offer tasting and a little education on maple syrups and other products. I had a bite of their pie and it was great too.
4	If you like maple this is your place located in Old Montreal this place has everything maple from candies to cookies to syrup to ice cream and gelato it has it all the staff is evtremely helpful they will let you sample anything you want will also explain what each item is and how its made  plus everything is fresh if you like anything maple don't miss this place
5	When you go out of your way to get something, you know it's better than good. I will go out of my way to get a cup of their Strawberry-Mint-Basil gelato. You should too.
5	We made daily stops to this place, especially in the mornings for Iced Maple Lattes. I will admit, I didn't taste the maple in my latte but that was play because the baked goods made up for it. Definitely try the cookies and the macaroons. The taste will leave you asking for more.
5	Visited this place almost daily on my recent trip to Montreal with friends. Its located in Old Montreal on a street that's blocked off in the evening for pedestrian traffic an filled with various eateries, shops, and bars. I think everyone should check this shop out at least once! It is filled with maple deliciousness. There is ice cream, cookies, cakes, chocolates, macarons, and various other maple goodies. Ice maple latte was my morning ritual. And I fell in utter love with their fresh baked maple chocolate chip cookies (oh man... I want some now... bad idea writing this review.... craving time...)Really there's something yummy for everyone here. And unless you live in Canada good maple treats are hard to find, so take advantage!
5	This is a fun treat shop to go to. Everything is sweetened with maple syrup! It give the gelato a unique taste that reminds me of a sweet pancake breakfast. They also sell other maple syrup "enhanced" products like body lotion and liquid soap. Those didn't appeal to me as much. Go in for the treats and you will be satisfied. It's a bit touristy but it's still a genuine store with a seemingly unique flavor!
5	This place gets an extra star because they have super clean public restrooms located on the lower level. Woohoo! Wandered in for a bathroom break (directed here by another shop owner) and then enjoyed taking a look at the small, one room maple museum. Upstairs the shop sells maple EVERYTHING. We tried some of the maple gelato as well as the maple macaron. Fun little store to check out.
4	Really great gelato. I went there a couple of times during a trip to Montreal. It was the perfect treat on a hot day. Everything is sweetened with maple syrup and you can even try maple syrup tastings at the store. Pretty awesome.
5	Stumbled onto this place on our first day, a bit tired with the rain, when I saw the macaroons in the window.  Tried a bit of this and that and became a true junky!  There are chocolate filled crusty pastries that are to die for.  Didn't figure out until later that everything has maple.  We were only in Montreal a few days but came back and ordered more.  The gelato and macaroons are good but go for the square "shell" pastry filled with gooey chocolate if you want something really good.  SO and I want to take another trip to Montreal if only to come back here and eat some more.  Perhaps its a Quebecer plot to make us Americans more obese than we already are, but I'll take my chances.  So darn good!
5	This is maple heaven. It has maple pastries and desserts, drinks sweetened with maple, maple candy, and other maple products for sale. They gave us maple syrup on a stick to try, where they have a bottle of maple syrup, squeeze some on a bed of crushed ice, put a popsicle stick on an end of that syrup, then roll the hardened syrup onto the popsicle. They also let you sample the different maple products they sell, which they have an extensive selection of. They even have maple butter spread, maple tea, maple salad dressing, maple mustard.I had a maple cookie, maple almond croissant, and warm maple milk. I ordered too much just for myself and it was sugar overload for my first meal of the day. Everything was delicious and I finished every bite and drop despite the high sugar intake.
5	Unique maple products that you can sample before you buy. Friendly staff too! I live in Nova Scotia so I've had lots of mapple syrup in my time but I've never seen these maple spreads or jellys before.
4	I really liked my mini blossom cream cupcake, and my boo like the oatmeal coconut cookie here.  They also sold some maple coffee.Overall, cute store to get some maple sweets!
5	Wow, what a crazy and amazing place! We stopped in here for a quick snack and figured you couldn't go wrong with maple syrup-based everything. We got maple syrup coffee, tea, and small desserts, which were all amazing. That alone would warrant it 4 stars, but as we were browsing the gift shop, one of the workers offered us a completely free maple syrup tasting! It was so cool and it was really neat to taste the differences between different grades of maple syrup, which is something I had seen on bottles, but never really knew what it meant. He also gave us complimentary maple taffy, which is syrup that's poured onto ice (or traditionally, snow) and wrapped around a popsicle stick to make a treat. So cool! This place was a favorite of ours and it's definitely worth a stop in if you're walking around Old Montreal!
5	This place is great.  After browsing for a few minutes, we received a demonstration on the different grades of maple syrup with a tasting. Of course this lead to my wife buying some.  But that's ok, this is some delicious high end maple syrup.  When we were paying, the cashier threw in a bunch of maple candies for us to taste.  They are delicious and we will be going back before we go home.
4	This is a super yummy place for desert! I had a maple syrup tasting and it was scrumptious. You may purchase they delectable maple syrups in a series of flavors and they also have organic products. I liked their second to last flavor because it was dark and rich. The darkest maple they have to saved especially for baking their own goods. They have everything from gelato, tarts, chocolates, muffins, and mouses. I bought a dark chocolate maple hazelnut tart...it was absolutely delicious! They also have a mini museum downstairs that shows you how they use to collect sap and how they made maple syrup back in the day. And then it shows you how they make it today. Apparently it takes 40 saps to make very little syrup which I thought was crazy! During my taste test, I also tried a maple syrup spread. It was yummy, but I am on a budget so I didn`t wanna spend the $11. This place is definitely worth visiting while you are here in Old Montreal. Another neat thing I learned was that you can replace white sugar with maple sugar or maple syrup to give it a different but delicious taste. A beautiful little neighborhood with delicious maple syrup products and deserts. I will definitely be going again before I leave back for the states.
5	maple. fudge.are. you. fucking. kidding. me.sweet jesus on a biscuit.
5	Such a great little cupcake and ice cream spot in the heart of Old Quebec.  Located right alongside the gorgeous Notre Dame (to the left precisely if you are facing the basilica) makes for a great spot to stop in for a quick treat.The cupcakes are delicious and they provide a great variety of flavors.  A good amount of options for ice cream as well.  Can't decide whether to do ice cream or cupcake??  Really, just have both, they're totally worth it!
4	Nice place to warm us up after walking in the cold ( though they sell ice cream). We got the maple chunk. It is sweet. The chunks are in fat sugar only. The exhit downstairs is good to learn more about the maple syrup and kill time.
3	The service is very friendly and they have a good selection of things to taste and buy.  It is a bit overhyped in the tourist guides.  I find more tings in a proper sugar shack/house at a much reduced price...but, this is Old Montreal and many folks will not get out and go to the sugar houses while they are open. So for the good stuff, Sugar on Snow (maple syrup poured over ice) until it reached taffy like consistency is fantastic.  Maple cream (vanilla soft serve flavored with maple syrup) is also very good.  Then there is the pastries that are either made with or glazed with maple syrup.  We had several at our table and sampled them all.  Fantastic.
5	I'm really glad I stopped here before I left Montreal! The maple leaf cookies were excellent and all my friends love them!! Super helpful staff even if they are busy!
4	Came with the wife to get some good local flavor dessert. We both had the ice cream (or gelato, not sure). The flavored were pretty expected but tasted very natural. They had baked goods (most we're gone as we didn't go until around 8PM) and gift packs for sale around the store. There was a downstairs area and outside seating. Would definitely go back and try some other flavors.
5	Dessert before dinner? Oui Oui!I'm glad I stumbled upon this little gem before leaving Old Montreal.  They have plenty of gelato flavors to choose from. I went with the Maple syrup and nutella and it was delicious!They also sell maple syrup and other frozen desserts.There is a downstairs level that sells the same thing, with an entrance towards the pier.Free wifi and nice little seating area outside so you can chill and people watch!
5	My friend and I stopped by for some souvenir shopping and bought a ton of goodies. The associate originally from Boston was super nice and gave us a maple syrup tasting. The customer service was great. We left the shop realizing that we were missing two items in our bag and went back to get them. They were super nice about it and apologized for missing the two tiny items that they forgot to put in the bag. And the associate gave us extra candies!
5	After two months in Paris, I stayed over in Montreal. I can say the Maple Macaroons here were the best I've ever had!
5	Maple ice cream, sweetened with Maple sugar.  My entire family love it.  Maple chunks flavor is the best!
4	This is a cute place full of delicious ice cream. They feature several maple flavors, and all are delicious. The staff is very knowledgeable of products, which I appreciate. I didn't believe their recommendation at first, and I insisted on tasting a few, but they were indeed right about their best maple flavored ice cream. They have strong wifi. The space is very clean with delightful decor. A great place to stop when you find yourself in Old Montreal.
4	Maple overload.  Very helpful staff, gave out some samples explaining the differences between maples flavors depending on when they're collected.  There's a small "museum" downstairs if you're interested in more maple related facts.We got the maple gelato and maple grand marnier cappuccino.  The gelato wasn't all that but the cappuccino hit the spot after a day of walking around old Montreal.
