3	Overall serves on a timely manner and gets the order right a 95% of time just forgets a side of sauce here and there. And just has a few crazy drivers that seem unsafe in the neighborhood
1	Disgusting!! Ordered a pizza from here for delivery and it had a hair!! Called and spoke to Daniel the manager he seemed like it didn't matter (apparently these people do not wear hair nets) and was only going to replace one of the pizzas we order. Then when asked to credit our account and forget the whole thing he CHARGED us again!! Horrible horrible horrible!! Never again!!
1	First time ordering, ordered pasta and pizza. Finally arrived and pasta was incorrect. When I asked to driver to take it back and refund my money or to bring me a new order, he told me he didn't want to take the pasta back and I could just call the store and they would credit me for next time, and just call and order a new pasta. He was terribly inconvenienced that they incorrectly made my order and let me know he was not going to help me but was more than willing to keep my tip. Stay away from here and just order from someplace else. It's not worth the hassle for subpar pizza.
5	Get my Pizza here all the time.  It is a Domino's Pizza, hand tossed crust, etc. Great job, great value, great taste.
1	The only thing Dominos has going for them is fast delivery. I ordered a pizza today for me and my daughter...half the pizza just cheese and the other half pepperoni. I had one piece of pizza with 10 pieces of pepperoni on it and the other 3-4 slices had just 1 or 2. pieces of pepperoni. I keep seeing commercials on how these pizza makers are "artists." Apparently I got a 1st grade finger painter handling my pizza tonight.
1	If you are going to spend $30 on pizza and wings I highly suggest going somewhere else. The crust was hard and cold when it showed up to my door and the pizza looked like it was cut by a 3rd grader. Actually, I wouldn't even give it that much credit... more like a 3 year old. And they forgot all the sauce we ordered with the wings. A sorry excuse of a pizza, and a waste of a cheat day.
1	'Pizza Artists'.....NOT!Thought I would give them another try. Of course, I was completely disappointed again.Ordered 2 pizza's, 1 came Pie Cut and the other came Square Cut. WTF?? If I wanted a Square Cut, I would have ordered it that way, exactly why the applet is on the website to request it.Next, ordered White Sauce on one, and of course, it just came dry, with the toppings I asked for.I know you dont have to be any kind of genius to work a Minimum Wage job but enough with the 'Pizza Artist' Bullsh*t!!There is a reason that you will never be Pizza Hut and/or Papa Johns, not that they are must better but it's now like comparing AA Baseball with MLB!
