5	This new salon is a gem. Super clean and very friendly staff. They are a full service nail salon with massage services. And best of all...I got 50% off my services as a new walk in client! My pedicure was awesome and I love my new acrylic nails. One of the best salon experiences I've had in a long time.
2	I was given the new girl who had never done a full set before on a client. I give her credit for doing a thorough job but that is to be expected after taking 2.5 hours. Nails are too long and too wide for me but i wasn't about to take any more time. The place is very clean but it was 61-degrees in there, just utterly freezing. I would rather stick to my Asian salons who do a great job at a low cost and fast. Expect a minimum of $45 before tip for a full gel set one color.
4	The manager called to make things right which is great for a new company. I had previously had the new girl who is wonderful at pedicures but not very experienced on nail sets yet. She corrected the problem perfectly and now my nails look beautiful. They even tossed in a complimentary pedi cuz of the last experience... the heat was off at the time to 61... it has since been fixed & is comfortable. The place is very clean and sterile. I give 4 stars because for a new place it is still pricier than most other places and its not a lux spa to make up for the high price. A photo of their menu is attached, as are the nails the 1st time and the corrected set. I will be going there again though based on their work integrity, ethic and they way they treat their employees. It's good to see a strong team no matter what their weakness/strength is.
4	Great place, friendly staff, nice ambiance, and love the new techniques they use, including dry callus remover.  So much better and long lasting than wet removal. The hot towel wrap rocks. My fingers & toes look amazing! =)
3	They charged more than what groupon stated (about $15 more) costing the same as any regular mani/pedi ($50 total). Girls were super nice and I enjoyed talking to them. My French manicure looks great.
5	Let me just say I LOVE this salon! I went in yesterday to get my nails re-done because the last job I had was horrible, and I came out AMAZED with the work. I have known Marisa the nail tech since grade school, but had not work done by her. This salon is so clean, and the staff is incredibly sweet! Marisa took her time with my nails, and they came out as the best set I have ever had, and I have been getting my nails done for well over 8 years. I received 30% off my first visit which was great! They definitely care about their clients, and the work they do! If you really want quality work done, then go here! You can have quality work for cheap! They're prices are a little higher than most places, however the work they do is well worth the cost trust me! They also  have a membership package!
5	I really enjoyed my mani/pedi today with Barbara.  She is a very genuine person and I enjoyed the feel of the salon. The salon is still in the growth stage, but you can tell they take care of their customers and they are more about quality versus quantity.  I will definitely return.  Nice nails and nice people.
5	Colleen is wonderful, attentive, approachable and honest. I searched a lot of reviews of different nail salons and made my choice based on them. Not only is the salon easy to find. It's super duper clean. I am going back! This place is worth the drive and no gimmicks here either. I love love love my pedi and mani. Have a great time choosing this salon.
5	AMAZING experience! I loved the atmosphere in the salon and everyone was so friendly! I felt as though it was filled with my family! Barbara, the owner, is so hospitable and professional!Ileana was the person who took care of me for my mani/pedi! Amazing work and very professional! Everything was so CLEAN!
5	For a superb nail tech, go see Kaitlyn @ Creating Magic.  She has done mani/pedi for me several times & does outstanding nail art-extremely creative! She's friendly-as is everyone @ this lovely shop. Give her a try - you won't regret it=)
5	I've been going to this salon now for about 2 months, and I just love it!  Of course, not every experience is going to be phenomenal, so when I went to this salon for a fill and gel manicure two weeks ago, I was not overly pleased.  The manicure took 2 hours and the end result was less than desirable.  The owner, Barbara, was so understanding of the situation, and took $10 off the total bill, for which I was grateful.  Not being one to completely write off a place due to one bad experience, I called again to make an appointment (with a different nail tech) for the day of, which was booked, so I made an appointment for the following day.  Not long after, I received a call from the salon stating a time had opened up with Barbara if I still wanted it, which I accepted.  Barbara is such a nice person in general to sit and chat with, but she does an amazing job as well!  I was in and out of the salon on my lunch break from work, and because of my previous experience, she didn't charge for the service.  It's refreshing to see an owner that takes so much pride in the quality of her business!  Overall, I'm honestly very happy to have found this salon to get my nails done, and I would recommend this business to anyone!
5	Great experience!! I stumbled into Creating Magic after searching for a nail salon on Yelp. The owner, Barb, is so sweet and extremely talented and careful with nail care. I originally came in for a gel mani/pedi but stayed for a "Lainie cut" by hair stylist Lainie. She managed to transform my very thick hair into light, bouncy, layers that I love!! I moved to Phoenix a year ago and have been searching for my go to salon ever since, I found it at Creating Magic!
5	I had the most pleasant experience this morning for my manicure. I had been here once before for a fill and I was definitely pleased the first time but this time exceeded all my past experiences at any nail salon. My nail tech Iliana was fantastic! My nails look sooooooo great! The owner is always smiling and I was surprised that she had remembered me just from my very first visit. I have never had a nail salon where I look forward to seeing the people as much as my finished product. Great overall experience. Very clean no gross chemical smells and wonderful people. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
5	Found an amazing stylist at this salon! Markis is precise and detail oriented and you always leave the salon with incredible looking hair. The salon is so clean and the staff is friendly and very hospitable.  Great atmosphere. Great service. So happy I found a new salon! Thank you Markis!
5	I love this place! I went in today for the first time,  got a 20% off discount because it was my first time and I ended up having Kaitlyn! She was awesome, she's hand paints all her art from a pretty butterfly to Audrey Hepburn ! She's freakin' amazing! The atmosphere is nice, very energetic and friendly. I love love LOVE it  its amazing! I hands down recommend it!!
5	A friend and I had our flight canceled and had 5 hours to kill. We aren't from the Phoenix area and we found this place on yelp. I called they were able to get us in for a wash and blow dry and mani pedis. Lainie gave me a great shampoo and style made me feel and look a lot better. And Ileana did a great job on my nails. Would definitely recommend this place great friendly staff made us feel welcome and catered to our needs.
2	Disappointed. Got my nails done before vacation, the gel started peeling after 2 days. You could see the darker color under the glitter and around the edges. Top coat was not good so the polish on my toes were all messed up. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the girl that did my nails was nice, but very disappointed with the poor quality.
5	I just love how my acrylic nail service is done. Such good quality product that my nails never lift. I have never had my nails last so long before. I also have gel polish over my acrylics. They last super long. My nail artist also recommends nail art for what ever occasion that I have coming up. I always feel very complete when I leave. Thank you Creating Magic!!!
