5	This was my first visit to Wink Studio-South Park and I will be a customer for forever and a day! Chandra is very punctual to her appt book, yet she doesn't rush her services. She takes her time in sculpting your brows to fit your face and she talks to you throughout the total process. I never thought I would spend over 12 bucks on my eye brows but it's totally worth it! Can't wait to book my next appt :)
5	First of all AMAZING!! Wink is an adorably chic studio. It's classic trendy style is so inviting.. And relaxing!!! Chandra is just as amazing as the studio. She is attentive, reliable, and charming. Her services are always above par and consistent. I get so many compliments even weeks after she does my brows and lashes. I moved recently and have no hesitation about driving to Egypt to see her.
5	Today was my first time to use Wink Studio, and I am a very happy client!  I found Wink Studio online and made an appointment at the Fairview location.  By far, I received one of the most EXCEPTIONAL waxings I've ever experienced.  Kam was very professional and made me feel comfortable (which is hard to do during a bikini wax, especially for the first time).  She also gave me the best eyebrow wax and style that I've ever had.Visit Wink Studio, and see the difference.  Trust me, Wink Studio will soon become your "go-to" for all of your waxing needs.  Thanks to Kam for your service!
5	I got my minx lashes done Tuesday night and they are amazing !!!!! Just amazing !!!! Mingi did my lashes such a cutie pie :) I truly enjoyed my first experience with minx lashes. Mingi answered all of my questions ; which I had a lot lol . My eyes look so good and these lashes definitely make them pop. Thank you so much Mingi for my new glam eyes!!!! I can't stop looking at them hee hee :) I am most definitely coming back again and again for the minx lashes . Got so many compliments on how natural they look. Thank you ;Tee Insix
5	Wink Studio is located inside a building across from South Park mall and is a cozy room perfect for personal service. I came to Mingi for waxing and she did a great and very efficient job doing my eyebrows, upper lip, and armpits. I've heard great things about the eyelash extensions from friends who've tried it once and we're immediately hooked. Mingi is very personable and willing to accommodate to varying schedules and I highly recommend checking her out. Make sure to reserve a time beforehand online for easy scheduling :)
5	Love Love Love Mingi.  She is professional and makes you feel at ease.  Her lashes last and her prices are decent.  If you have any problems she is always avail to help out.  I recommend her to everyone that compliments me on my lashes.  I always admit their not mine.  I gotta give credit to where credit is due.
