4	So excited that Basil has finally opened in Stonecrest! A girlfriend and I visited around 6:00 p.m. on Tuesday night. I was worried about getting a table since they're not on Open Table and there was no mention of reservations on their website, but we got right in. I don't remember much about the inside of Jojo, but my friend said the layout is basically the same. Much like the uptown location, it's a warm shade of light green inside with plush-looking chairs, dark brown tables, and flowers/bamboo sprinkled around. We were seated at a two-person booth, but most of the dining area was tables.Our waitress was really helpful, steering us in a good direction to start with the Nam Sod ($6.95) instead of the Lard. We got the chicken version, and it was so refreshing! I didn't realize they were technically lettuce wraps, so I just ate the inside.For dinner, I was boring and went with the pad thai ($15.95), which is a little sweeter than some, but I like that. My friend got the green curry ($14.95) and said it was really good.We each got two glasses of wine, split the appetizer, and my bill was right around $38 with tip - not too shabby! Great addition to the Ballantyne area.
2	Two words come to mind that best describe my experience: thoroughly disappointing. The ambience is great - the decor is good and the waitstaff were nice enough. If I could end the review there this would be a 5 star review... but oh, the food. I ordered a staple, Pad Thai. I'm not sure where they went wrong but it was terrible all around. Instead of choosing your protein (as is common with the dish), this chef is confused - they include chicken, shrimp, and something else I couldn't quite make out; the flavor was just 'off' from what Pad Thai should be - that's as best as I can describe it. The spice level also left much to be desired - I ordered 'Thai Hot', the spiciest they have and the dish packed as much punch as a wet noodle, no pun intended. Lastly, the consistency of the noodles was just wrong - either it was too soggy or too wet and the noodles were round instead of flat so it didn't feel quite right in the mouth. And the price? At $14.95, this was the most expensive Pad Thai I've ever had; I wish I could say it was worth it. On our way out (based on what I could see), I noticed that they didn't have a single Asian/Thailander working in the kitchen - it just seemed like a bunch of Southerners trying to mimic Asian cuisine; maybe that's why the food didn't have an 'authentic' taste. Maybe I'm being way too harsh/overly critical, but I'll tell you this - this is the first review I've ever given less than 4 stars; that's saying something. I really wanted to love this place, I did (especially since we live across the street from it), but based on tonight's performance, they're going to have a really hard time winning me back. Oh and did I mention they don't have a lunch service? A Thai place with no lunch - that's like McDonald's with no breakfast.
4	Tom Yum Soup here-need I say more! Packed with lots of Seafood and generous portion, says two but we had multiple bowls. I went with the shrimp pad Thai-delicious. The decor is casual but with a modern simplicity.  Bar in front with lots of good looking young people and you can eat there too.
2	My wife and I were very excited to see that Basil would be opening new doors within the Stonecrest Shopping Center since we had such great experiences at the Uptown (Church Street) location.  Wisely we waited about two weeks until they got the "bugs" out with their dinner service but couldn't resist and decided on take out.  Wife got the Shrimp Red Curry where I got the Basil Duck.  The Red Curry was very diluted where is was almost like curry water and the taste was just "off"; the shrimp were nicely cooked and love that they remove the shell of the tail for easier eating! My duck was also "off" on the normal flavor but our first time doing take out at the new location was masked by our excitement of them being closer to us! Then we actually did a weekend dinner trip with our two young kids. My wife and I got the same dishes and they were again "off", actually the two dishes were awful at best! I am trying to be nice here but the Red Curry was so salty that it was nothing like we ever had.  The Basil Duck was very dry and rubbery (gave new meaning to a rubber duck!).  The kids shared a fish dish which they enjoyed and it was the best thing we ordered.  I saw the owner there and noticed that he was visiting various tables within earshot and heard him apologizing to them about their food.  Service was good but they brought out our rice way too early where the bowls of rice were cold by the time our dishes were delivered.  Being a glutton for punishment, I did a simple take out again when they family was away; ordered the Pad-Thai...  I cannot say enough how disappointed I was!!! It had no flavor and it was very very dry!We love Basil so we are going to give it another try in a few weeks; we are in high hopes that they will make improvements to be similar to their Uptown location.  Fingers (chop-stixs) crossed!!!
3	I went there on a Friday night, thinking it was going to busy but it wasn't we got in within 20 mins of arriving. The ambience of the restaurant was excellent and the decor was good, as well as the wait staff being very helpful and attentive. However though the food wasn't awful it wasn't authentic I thought. I eat Thai food all the time and I was expecting a more authentic taste. I got the basil chicken and it just didn't taste authentic, the food was still good however.
2	When I arrived in Fort Mill, this place was so hyped I literally thought it was God's gift of thai cuisine. Everyone I talked to raved about the food, the service, and the decor among other things. Having had some pretty legit thai food myself, I braced myself. Coming into the restaurant looks very impressive. A very modern decor with an incredible bamboo-wood-thing ceiling. The lighting is perfect and it's not too loud even when crowded. However, that didn't deter my disappointment in all other aspects of the restaurant.- ServiceThe service is on and off. They are great when taking your order, getting your drinks/food in a reasonable time, and answering questions, but fairly slow when you need something like another drink, ordering additional items, or basically getting their attention when they aren't intending to come. The owner is very nice though.- FoodHere's where the bulk of my smh experience comes in. I ordered the Pad Thai the first time I went and then the Pad See-eu the second time. Both were extremely dry, lacked flavor, and generally just tasted like it came out of the microwave. We had some shrimp and chicken appetizers, both not impressive, as well as some curries around the table which were decent but nothing spectacular. One cool thing is that they have a spice tray which is a nice presentation, but they are just basic spices that don't really add anything distinct (which is something you would expect from a place like this).Overall.. The only reason I came back a 2nd time is because someone insisted we go, but otherwise I will never come back again.
4	A few weeks have passed and thought I would give Basil another try. It seems as if they are getting back on their rails. In my previous review, I was very critical of the overall experience and lack of consistency compared to the flavors served at their other Charlotte location. This time around, the food/flavors were good. I order the same crispy red curry duck, the duck was cooked and more tender than the pervious. Also the spice was tack on! They could afford to put a little more sauce on the plate but it was fine nonetheless. Overall, glad that this particular Basil is not a bust; thankful it's closer to the homestead!
2	I am a fan of the uptown Basil location and was excited to see this location open up closer to home. Overall the meal was a huge disappointment and I don't plan on returning. We ordered pad thai, tom yum soup, sweet and sour tofu, basil rolls, egg rolls and lettuce chicken wraps. The chicken in the lettuce wraps had actually gone bad - the smell was noticeably off and we had to send it back. Basil rolls were good but small for the price - just two pieces with hardly any shrimp. Same with the egg roll - we couldn't even taste egg. The sweet and sour tofu was the nights major miss - it had absolutely zero flavor. The sweet and sour sauce added nothing to the dish and we had to heap on our own spices from the spice tray. Pad thai also had almost no flavor as well. Service was brusque and spotty. The prices do not match the food and service and ambiance was considerably less warm than the uptown location. Will get my thai fix at thai first instead.
4	The wife and I are huge fans of the Basil Uptown so we just had to try the Btyne location.  It is located right in the Stonecrest Shopping Center and right next to Marble Slab and Smashburger (where the old China Bistro used to be).  I'm going to write this review a little differently than I usually do because of the circumstances.  This Basil had things that I LOVED and things that I hated.  And obviously the LOVED items were just that good that it drove my 4 star rating.  But here is the list of "must get" and the "pass":Must get:  Fried Wontons:  Crispy, flavorful, with a creamy finish.  Sweet sauce was excellent!Pad Thai:  If you are a Thai place and screw this up.... Pack your things...  You're done.   This was delicious and just the right texture and flavor!Crispy Duck w/ Red Curry Sauce:   Chef Specialty and it was PHENOMINAL!!  Crispy succulent duck with a perfect curry sauce to give it a little heat.  I would absolutely recommend that you order this.  Hendricks Martini:  Mixed with some saki and cucumber.  Refreshing!Pass:Basil Garlic (Beef):  Very boring and plain.  It just tasted like a ton of garlic with some bland beef sprinkled inDark and Stormy:  Bland rum cocktailEnjoy!  Ian M.
