2	if you must, sit at the teppanyaki table where the food isn't too bad (unless you have a problem with copious heapings of garlic) and the teppanyaki chef makes some attempt at diner participation. avoid the sushi at all costs. you're a long way from japan, baby.
2	I went here for lunch on a snowy january afternoon.  The weather warranted udon (it also came with chicken katsu) and I'd been dying for a tasty shrimp tempura roll.Good Things:The lunch combos were pretty good dealsThe to-go boxes are like tupperware and totally re-usable.  The fried bananas at the end of the meal were scrumptious.Bad Things:I just didn't think the food tasted that great.I was almost overwhelmed by the amount of food being given to meThe place was dead inside...I felt a little awkward I would go back if someone else wanted to try it out.  I'm all for giving things a second chance.  Would I recommend this place to others? Most likely not.
1	I love Teppanyaki food - i love the social aspect of sitting aound with strangers watching your food get cooked, i love the flavours and the choice you have while eating teppanyaki, and most of all i love that the whole experience is a show - a form of pre-dinner entertainment if you will.Unfortunatly, Koi delivers none of these things. The place is always dead - in three years of knowing this place, I have never seen more than three of the 28 tables that are crammed in here full. When the staff outnumber the guests, thats when it feels awkward and really not that fun. The food isnt great either - its fairly tasteless and frankly, compared to other restaurants of this type I have been too, there is very little choice. Finally the show - and this is a biggy - the staff here clearly do not want to work in Koi, and thier lack of enthusiasm for what they do really brings down the spirit of the meal. Gutting.On top of that, the place is very expensive, far more so than it needs to be. Even with the deals that the restaurant offers, dont be expecting a cheap and filling meal.
5	I LOVE Koi! I really cannot understand all the negative reviews of Koi. I think Koi Japanese Restaurant is one of the best Japanese places I have ever been to. It is situated just across the road from George Square so it is in a really handy location for students to go to for their lunch or dinner. I can never understand why this place is always really empty. I have been here several times for my lunch and each time it has just been a few other tables occupied at the busiest lunch time. Koi offers a very wide range of authentic of Japanese Teppanyaki and Sushi food. Most of their dishes do contain sea food, however, there are also lots of chicken and beef dishes, and a few vegetarian dishes although these are a wee bit thin on the ground. Each time I have been here, my friend and I have always ordered from the set menu which never fails to impress. I had the miso soup to start, salmon teriyaki with rice and veg for a main, and Japanese ice cream and green tea for dessert and all of it was completely delicious and only came to seven pounds - such a bargain. The next time I come to Koi I am definitely going to have the sushi as a couple sitting at the tables next to us ordered it and it looked fabulous. The staff are all Japanese and the waiter who served me was really lovely and patient with me as he was willing to explain every dish on the menu. Koi also offer a 15% student discount. I cannot recommend Koi any higher - please go to make up your own mind about it.
3	Koi looks like a fun place to take a party of people to enjoy some Teppanyaki cooking complete with flames and knife juggling, but otherwise the cuisine is nothing special. The staff are friendly but the dishes weren't that exciting, save for the noodle dishes that move as if they are alive. This is no alternative to Bonsai.
4	My parents and I have very different culinary tastes. I am also about the rice, they are all about the potato. Somehow, we've managed to settle on occasional compromises of Japanese food. Don't ask, just accept. This was my first visit to Koi - I had been a little put off by the reviews but I enjoyed my meal. I would be picky and say that the waitress refused to check with the chef to increase the tempura plate to suit 3 people rather than ordering 3 plates (lets face it, all I really wanted was it to be put on one big plate) but otherwise service was really attentive even though the place filled up as we ate our meal. Tempura - I felt the batter was a little soggy. Miso soup - it's either me or miso in Scotland always needs more salt? Teppanyaki - I had the Diablo - my little piggy eyes were a bit bigger than my belly, as usual. The calamari was beautifully cooked (got to give a chef thumbs up when that happens), but the sauce it was cooked in was a little overwhelming in flavour (mainly of butter) - I had to give up on it eventually. The salmon was a little dried out, but tasted fine, as did the king prawns and scallops. I couldn't really define what sauce/marinade the fish was cooked in - it didn't carry a whole lot of flavour, except on the calamari. I didn't try the sushi, which would be my rule of thumb for a japanese restaurant - I think this was my first teppanyaki experience to be honest, so I have nothing to compare against at the moment, bar the miso soup. Would I try Koi again? Yes, and I would implore them to create a sushi set meal, as I couldn't order sushi for one :(
