4	Local deli, locally owned.Small little place tucked in a strip mall behind the A&J BBQ about a quarter mile north of Bethany Home on the West side of 16th Street.Love their sandwiches.  Never had the pizza.  Love the Italian cheese and desert treats selection.  Love the small but densely packed shelves of canned and bottled cooking materials.
5	Roland hit the nail on the head here.... BREAD.  Bread is the most import part of Italian Sandwiches.  Niccoli's has it to perfection.  Everything about Niccoli's reminds me of my Italian neighborhood in Toronto where speaking in English was never needed at the local market, doctors, bakeries, service shops, or church.  It was little Italy.  Niccoli's has some of the best tasting food in town and it is locally onwed-- which is very nice.  PLUS, it's next to Burland Jewelry.... so pick up a Mortadella Sandwich AND some diamond studded earrings all  in one stop = HEAVEN ;o)
4	If I'm lucky and they have them when the mood strikes, I love to pick up a sfogliatelle (sfoy-yah-tell): crunchy, triangle shaped Italian pastries (kind of like a phyllo-croissant) filled with orange-flavored ricotta and sometimes candied citrus peel and bring it home for breakfast with a nice cup of espresso made on the stove.
5	Italian Grocery items and dinner too! I can't say enuf good things about Niccoli's. Lets see....... they stock La Valle San Marzano Tomatoes and Tomatoe paste ( The only products I use for sauce) , Il Primo Hot giardiniera ( makes any sandwich yummy) and Panettone at Christmas. Fresh rolls and pastries!!! Their pizzas are great and if you want a GREAT sandwich, try Niccoli's homemade Italian sub...mmm mmm... best sub in the city...no question its homemade!Niccoli's is like a little Italy right on 16th street! Check 'em out!
4	Had their Italian sub for lunch yesterday. Haven't been there for awhile for anything but grocery items, probably because sandwiches don't really turn my crank. The Italian sub was however quite fresh and tasty, and the owners are always enthusiastic. I would go three stars as a "restaurant", but upped to 4 because of the nice imported grocery items. Italian cheeses, candies, and all sorts of packaged stuff. Great lady finders for tiramisu. They have some good frozen pasta too, though you have to ask about them.  If you eat their sandwich in your office, throw the wrappings in someone else's wastebasket.  A day later mine still smells like vinegar and peperocini.
5	I happened to spot Niccoli's during a lunch break and pulled into the lot; I work just down the street from this place, Rocco.So, listen... it's about 11:derty am.  Still early for lunch.  No one around, see?I walk in and the place, it don't look like no sub shop, ya know.  Looks solely like a nice little authentic Italian grocery, you get me?  I like it.  They got everything there, and my eyes are buggin outta my head like *this*, see?I mean, I'm lookin' at this quaint package that looks like it could either have a bottle of, emm... a Sangiovese, or maybe even a nice Dolcetto for the lady types.And, then they got these tins of all kinds of olive oils.  They got these dried salamis and a big thing like *this* of Prosciutto.  There's a nice little case there of homemade pastries that were tasty just by lookin at 'em.  Jars of authentic sauces up the wazzoo!I dunno, what am I sayin'?!  GET OUTTA 'ERE!... they ain't got no Safeway stuff here, c'mon!  Hckck!I just ain't seen so much authentic Italian stuff.  And the place, you know, it's 'bout as small as one-a those swanky studios downtown, and they got it packed to the chin.  But hey, I digress, look at me!So, I looks up at the menu and I sees they got "Italian Sub" up there as one of their six or seven sa'mmiches.  It's nice, ya know?  So hey, anyone can claim to make an 'Italian' sub, so I gotta ask to make sure.  I ain't a fool!  Hahaha!... ok, knoggitoff, listen!...This guy comes up to the deli case and he looks to be a nice enough gentleman.  He's got his apron on to keep himself proper, a conservative pair of prescription sunglasses that you can still see him look you politely in the eyes like you're family, and the guy even cleans his hands before he's ready to listen to what I gotta say.  Hey, that's class, and respect!  Other places don't know about that.So, this is what I asks, I asks this right here... I says, "What's in the Italian sub?"Guy goes through a quick list with his fingers: "Three meats, cheese, tomato, lettuce and dressing."Hey!  That's perfect!  You can't get anymore honest than that, and that's the best that I need to know.So, "Ok", I says, "I'll have one", and he gives me a nod.So, this guy gets to putting my sub together, and I see he's just graceful at it, like he's just pulling the elements outta thin air.  Not like those kids over there at Mr. Subways, acting all confused and empty like a clan a-mice with hats on, forced to stand two inches from one another for 8 hours!I mean, this Niccoli guy's just effortless, putting a little a-this, a little a-that, and - DONE!I sh*t you not, jerky, it takes this guy no more than 40 seconds to put that thing together!I ask for a bagga chips, too.  He asks if I might want a drink, but I thank him and pass, since I got one back at work.Nine bucks and change it costs me.  The size of this thing, though, they aren't faking 'cuz I can see this sub's an honest foot!  And, I can already smell the dressing and salami from it!"You have a good day", he says."Thanks.  You too", I reply.I get back to my desk, and I unwrap this thing, and it's just like the guy said: it's stacked, but not too ridiculous like.  It's holding everything nicely and naturally like.I take my first bite, and it feels like... it feels like... I'd been reborn.  This thing is the best sub I've had since... since I been born!It's dripping a little with the purest most wonderful olive oil I ain't tasted before, and that bread roll I tell ya, it's keeping fresh and crisp like it's just meant to be!  I can't believe it!  I had to set the thing down as I was chewing, sit back in my chair and close my eyes, and just... LIVE!  That salami, too!  And, there's provolone and ham!  It's all fresh.  And, there's even some herbs in that dressing that made me feel like an a**hole in heaven.  I ain't never been treated to a sub like that.  THAT'S Italian!You gotta get one a-these!Hey, you got some schmootz there on the side-a your mouth from droolin.  Go over there to Niccoli's.  Get that taken care of.
5	Stopped in today for the first time and was amazed at how good and fresh their sandwich was. I got the Italian sub and it was AWESOME!!!!!!!!! I'm going back tomorrow to get a cheese steak, I'm sure it will be just as great.
4	Feeling kinda homesick so I turned to Yelp.  Could I possibly find the cure here?  Yep, sure did.  Growing up in an Italian family back East I was privy to really good, authentic Italian food.  My Sicilian father allowed no shortcuts.  Sundays were spent at Uncle Pete's for an all day meal with all of the extended family.  Everything fresh, homemade, completely filling and delicious.  It's hard to describe the feelings associated with these memories, but walking into Niccoli's was like living them all over again.  And that's a great thing!The lasagna I ordered was just made that afternoon.  It came with fabulous garlic pesto toast and sliced tomatoes with the homemade Italian dressing.  No way I could finish it all, huge huge portion.  I'll have a nice breakfast tomorrow morning!  Regardless of being full I did indulge in my cannoli.  The filling was just like Zia Pietra's minus the chocolate chips and citron.  So delicious that I could not bear to leave a trace of it on the paper it came wrapped in.  Know what I did?  I licked the wrapper clean...yeah, I'm not afraid to admit it.  Tonight was a full on pig out feast, one that was long overdue and well worth it.
5	I want to talk about the Pizza at Niccoli's! A few decades ago my best friend and I discovered this place. Note: we both come from Italian family's who were raised on good ingredients that only a deli can have. This is not your hut kind of pizza. Then we went back and poof it was gone! Skip forward a couple of decades, and we were still talking about this pizza and how good it really is, when our friend said, "Oh yeah, I know where they are now." We got over there had the pizza and BAM there was the best Pizza we ever had in Phoenix! If you are looking for an authentic NYC pizza made with ingredients only Italians use, Niccoli's is the place.
4	I only purchased some hoggie rolls at this place but the bread quality was fantastic.  I'll be back to by some more yummy goodies at this place.
4	I make a mean cannoli. Well, technically, I make a mean cannoli filling. I get my cannoli shells from Niccoli's. :)
5	Just go here and get the Italian Sub.  It's fantastic!  Also they have real deli meats and cheeses, not Boar's Head.  What's not to love?!!
5	I love this place!!  Have had the meatball, italian, and turkey subs.  All delicious.  Their cookies and pastries are delicious too.  Can't wait to try the pizza and lasagna.  Staff is super friendly too.
5	I've been coming here for years! Never had anything there I didn't LOVE!!  this trip was the Italian beef. FANTASTIC!!
5	As you walk into this friendly little Deli Packed to the ceiling with what you can expect to find in any establishment that calls itself an Italian style Deli in the heart of Manhattan. . . Only in the north part of Phoenix. The owner and his wife have been bringing this authentic NY experience to AZ for around 35 years. All the Cheeses! The LASAGNA ! The Garlic bread!
5	TREMENDOUS!!!! Best Meatballs in town. Italian Sandwich is outstanding as well. Great service and friednly atmosphere. Can't wait to try the Pizza.
5	Love this little gem, it is a tiny Italian grocer that has fantastic food.  I am addicted to the Italian sub sandwich that has their famous Italian dressing.  I live very far from this place so I don't get here much anymore but I have to come here every once in a while for their olive oil.  It is very tiny and only has a few chairs so get your food to go.  You must stop in sometime and just check it out.  It is a little hard to find in the corner of a strip mall just North of Bethany on the West side of 16th Street.
4	This place has been around for five million years.  I remember going here when I was a young kid with a friend of mine and her mom to get supplies to make an Italian feast.  I came in today to get some prosciutto to make a dish I saw on Giada... damn you food network and your impressionable ways!The owners were there, the husband in the back making pizzas and the wife running the counter.  She was recovering from surgery and couldn't walk far, apologizing profusely that she could not walk to go cut my meat.  So we sat and talked while we waited for her husband (who was diligently watching those pizzas....they must be yumm-o!).  Sitting talking to the owner made me feel like I was in some neighborhood grocer in Italy and not in the middle of a Phoenix summer, which was a fun escape for the moment.  I hear their subs are tasty, and the pizza smelled delish! Perhaps I will come back again to give either a try.The prices are not small, but the quality is good and the place is local.  It is definitely worth the visit, if nothing else to shoot the breeze with a cool lil old lady!
5	Delicious Coconut Macaroon's Approx. $2.50  Large, Fresh  moist, best in valley.  Skip the fake Valley bakery's when you can have the real thing.  Delightful Couple small Business.  Husband Bakes and is also the Cashier.   I also purchased Fresh Rolls, Bread and Imported Italian Holiday Cakes.    I am ready to go just thinking of them.
5	I love this place! The best pizza in all of Arizona! The subs are to die for. The grocery section you can spend forever in trying to decide what  you want to buy this time. The staff is what really makes this place fantastic. Joe and Pepe are two of the sweetest people one can ever meet. Oh yeah also try Joe's homemade sausages.
5	Delicious and family owned!I've been to Niccoli's only twice and the first time I went the owners made me feel like part of their family. After reading and watching a video about this little place I decided to give their desserts a try, boy were they good. They BEST cannoli that I've ever had the amazing wedding cookies. The second time I went I gave one of their sandwiches a try. They were delicious!!! Again, everyone makes you feel so welcome and like you're part of the family. :)
5	Best Italian sub I've had. Very nice owners. Just be aware there's no place to sit, so you'll have to get it to go.
5	Holidays Items are in.  This years new treat, Drago Antico Pandolce Genovese Panettone of Genoa 1 Kilo Old Genoa's Cake $25.95 a crumb style Holiday Bread/Cake.   The Pannetones are all incredible especially Fig & Dark Chocolate Panettone from Colavolpe Approx $50.00 combination of sweet baked figs and dark chocolate.   Also, bought the homemade circular Egg Bread for the first time which was great toasted.
5	Niccoli's is a gem in Phoenix and if you blinked while driving by on 16th St., you'd miss it.Family owned and run, it's everything you'd expect from a little Italian deli that you'd commonly find on the east coast.It's a great place to stop in for lunch to grab an Italian sandwich - extra Italian dressing!
5	Best selection of authentic italian deli food! Wonderful, friendly, and  charming owners!Love the treats and wow the provolone, and amazing meatball subs!great hard to find items as well, don't miss out.
5	Fanatic little gem at 16th and Bethany Home Road; owners took great care of us.  Great selection in the grocery section.  Make sure to get the cannoli!
3	I like to support a local business, especially one as long-lived as Niccoli's. My financial advisor would unfortunately like to point out that the same Italian sandwich that I enjoyed for lunch is a full dollar cheaper at another local eatery which shall remain nameless but rhymes with frumpy's. The deli is well stocked with imported Italian products but I can't bring myself to pay $25 for a can of scungilli. Can't do it. But if I was gonna do it, I'd do it here. Must come back and try the 'za sometime.
5	Honestly, one of the most amazing and delicious sandwiches I have ever had!! That dressing is garlic heaven, the sandwich was LOADED with meat but balanced with the other ingredients well, the bread was perfect! My eleven year old just freaked out at how amazing his sandwich was, he wants to eat it everyday now.  I had a turkey and prov, the kido had an Italian.  The sandwich alone is five tons of trillions stars, but the owners are one hundred million, billion, infinity....  I enjoyed the kind and simple conversation we had so much! They made my day! I can't wait to some back!
4	Niccoli's is a great little neighborhood deli. It offers meats, cheeses, desserts and a small selection of Italian staples to take home.  The woman (co-owner???) behind the counter is very sweet and I'm very happy to patronize (what appears to be) a family-owned local business.  Having said that, I'd love to see an expanded selection of fresh loaves of Italian bread.
5	I dont care how its put. Hands down this place is the best! REAL authentic, REAL italian, REAL ingredients EVERYTIME! FRESH FRESH FRESH!The quality here never changes!I personally love the Italian sub. Ive had many Italian subs, but none compare to a Niccoli's ! I live about 30 mins out from this, and the drive is never thought of hesitation! I was hesitant to try another sub because i love the Italian, but i figured they ALL have to be great! Boy was i right :)I recently picked up my usual Italian sub, nut this time bought a Sausage & Peppers sub! Can we say, authentic made sausage! Man i was blown away by how good it was. Even by the time i got home it was still hot! I never expect anything less but top shelf quality here!!if you havent been here yet, you HAVE TO GO!!Thank you Niccolis for your dedication, and quality as one of my best places to go to!Josh
5	This place has been here for as long as I can remember.Plus, for as long as I can remember it has been the Best!The absolute place to go. Even my parents buy food items here.Just like the old country. HeheeEverything is fresh and it all tastes wonderful. Living a bit far away from it these days, but it is so worth the drive. My girlfriend bought Christmas gifts of food to ship here last year. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back .It is a great place with a lot of good food. Family owned and run,which makes it even nicer.
5	Cannoli.  This review is only for the cannoli.  5 stars!  They fill it while you wait.  Crunchy outside shell and creamy filling.  Absolute heaven.
5	Niccoli's has the best cannoli I have ever had. Made fresh while I waited. Heavenly. This will spoil you for anything less.This is what they're supposed to taste like.
5	This place is going to be added to my rotation of places to eat! It is a little mom and pop deli full of fresh meat and ingredients! I had both the Italian sub and the meatball sub! The Italian was great! However, the meatball was my favorite!! It extremely tender and the sauce was quite flavorful!     The other thing that made me love this place were the employees!! They want you to have a great experience and it is important to them. I appreciate that! Pepe is amazing and I will continue to come back not only because of the food but because of her service!!PS- It is BYOB! Well, it's beer or wine. (No fee) PSS- The setting is extremely casual. Plastic tables with table clothes....but who goes to a deli for ambiance anyway?
5	Friendly, amazing family run Italian deli. Almost everything there is imported. Food is soo good, and the deli, well you can just never decide what to get!! Same amazing quality every time:)
5	Sooooo delighted to have finally discovered this wonderful Italian gem! My sausage was delicious and Peppy was welcoming and gracious...I was treated like an old friend! Looking forward to experiencing the pizza, sandwiches and biscotti!
5	The Italian sub was very tasty. Coming back for the meatball, cheesesteak, and desert.
5	The best italian sub since I went to a local deli in Chicago. It's family owned and they are the nicest people! I will definitely come back over and over again and I live in the East Valley!!! Support your local businesses! This is truly a hidden gem!!!!
5	Best Italian sub I ever had in my life. Delicious doesn't begin to describe it!Homemade bread with awesome chew and mouthfeel. Spicy capocollo ham. Dressing made inhouse - great pepperoncini heat. Owners are very friendly. I will be coming back here for sure.
5	I stopped in quick, on a whim, after driving by for the last 10 years.  Had a hankering for an Italian sub and MAN did this place deliver.  Owners were friendly, super talkative, and I felt like I had been invited into their home to have a sandwich.  The sub was built on freshly baked bread, the dressing was home made, and the meats fresh and delicious.  The owner chatted me up for a good ten minutes, and even sat down with me at the table while I ate; that is, until her husband (who was making a HUGE pasta order for a fancy country club in town, which should tell you something in and of itself) pulled her away to help out.  There is a small room off the side of the deli that has a few tables covered in simple, flowered plastic tablecloths, and a TV playing (today) baseball.  I sipped a wonderful orange creme while relaxing with my Italian sub.  The serving was large, so I have half saved for later.  Definitely worth the 8 or so bucks I paid for the sub.They have a beer and wine license that allows you to BYOB/W, so I'll definitely come back with a bottle of red in hand so I can dive in on the pizza with my family.  It is an absolute certainty that I'll be back, and I'll bring friends.
5	Didn't know this place existed.  Good people and service.  Awesome Italian Sub!  Good bread, meats and cheeses.  I just drove up ordered a sandwich and met the owners.  I am 100% certain I will be going back!
5	I read a Yelp talk thread that was singing the praises of Niccoli's Deli & Pizza a couple of months ago. So I decided to take the plunge after my office moved to CenPho.This is a Mom & Pop place that's been around for over thirty years. I talked to the Mrs. for a couple of minutes explaining that I was the new kid in town. She explained the setup where you order and they call you if it's busy but will bring your meal to the table if they're not swamped with customers.They don't have a soda machine. They sell individual cans. I ordered the meatball sub sandwich. The bread was really soft. They cut up the meat so you don't have your meatballs falling out of the bread like most meatball sandwiches. They have a lot of marinara sauce on the sandwich and it is piping hot. The ladies out there can probably only eat half of the sandwich, that's how big it is. I would say that it had to be one of the tastiest meatball sandwiches I have ever had.I definitely will be a regular customer of Niccoli's.
4	Now that I've moved to central Phoenix, Romanelli's has become too far a drive for me. But I'm definitely glad to have found this place in my new neighborhood! There's a good choice of products imported from Italy here, perhaps not as wide a selection as in Romanelli's but definitely sufficient for making good Italian meals with authentic ingredients. Service is friendly though a bit slow, especially during peak hours, but I think that's because they don't sacrifice the quality of your purchase - especially the deli sandwiches - for speed. That's not unusual for a Mom 'n Pop place. Plus, this place makes the best St. Joseph pastries I've ever tasted, and they're made to order -- sorry, Romanelli's, but Niccoli's beats you in this particular arena ;)
5	Best Italian sub East of New York!!  Great selection of sausages, cheeses and imported canned goods.  Friendly and YUMMY!
5	Niccoli's isn't very close to my place of employment, but I decided to try it out for lunch.I'm glad I did.The interior is very inviting and cozy.  On my visit, there were only a few people inside, which made it nice and quiet.I noticed a seating area for patrons who wanted to dine inside the deli.There seemed to be some anxiety shared by the...  I assume they were the owners of the establishment - due to an employee not showing up for work.They continued to apologize profusely for the situation.  Honestly, I was having a lovely time and felt absolutely at ease, despite their difficulties procuring help.I finally received my meatball sub and took it back with me to the office.I immediately noticed a difference with my sandwich and the meatball sandwiches I have become accustomed to.Salumi's in Seattle places giant whole meatballs between two crusty pieces of Italian bread.  It is very hard to eat.Niccoli's chops the meatballs up and combines them with their delicious sauce.  This makes it a lot easier to eat, especially since they use a softer type of bread.  However, it can get a little soggy if you allow everything to marinate too long.Niccoli's is easily one of the best Italian delis in Arizona and it just happens to be owned and operated by two of the nicest people.
5	If the food wasn't good, I'd still be back, since the service is fantastic. But...the food is awesome. Get the cannolis.
5	I finally got to check out Niccoli's deli and it lived up to the hype. The owners Peppy and Joe were very friendly and told me a little about the place upon my arrival. It has a good selection of Italian meats, cheeses, oils, sauces, pastas, etc.  You can order a number of subs, pasta dishes and entrees and there is another room (very casual) where you can sit down and eat. I ordered the meatball sub and it was awesome plenty of sauce, the meatballs were tender and the bread was soft and delicious. I'll be back to try the pizza and the Italian sub for sure. If you are craving an east coast style deli then this place is for you.
5	The hubs and I were staying in this part of town for our anniversary.  Decided to give this place a try as we wanted good non-Subway sandwiches.  We arrived at about 10:45 am and the place was already hoppin'.  There was only one gentleman working so service was a tad slow but we didn't mind...we were on vacation after all.  And the food was well worth the wait!!  My husband and I split the Italian sub and the ham/provolone sub.  The subs had no mayo or mustard but had a delightful oil and vinegar-type sauce that definitely made the subs stand out.  We usually don't eat onions and both subs came with onions but we ate them and didn't mind them because the subs had such wonderful flavor, the onions just added a little something extra.  We shared a cannoli for dessert....holy schnikes, so fantastic!!  This is a quaint little place in a strip-mall.  They sell Italian foods...canned tomatoes, pasta, meats and cheeses and also have the deli.  There's a little sitting area attached to the shop where you can sit to eat.  If you're looking for a delicious homemade sub try this place.  You won't be disappointed.  Service could potentially be slow but it's well worth the wait and the owners are very friendly, helpful, and apologetic for the slow service if you happen to stumble in at a busy time.
5	I was making a "HAVE TO" trip to Trader Joe's on Saturday and pulled out my yelp app to see if I had anything worthy of lunch bookmarked in the neighborhood.  I did not, so I then searched and filtered based on highest reviewed.  Niccoli's came up, and it was settled.The parking lot, for the most part, was empty... but that didn't deter me from going in.  The smell that hit me upon entering reassured me that I had made the right choice.  Since I'm rarely in that neck of the woods, I ordered a meatball sub and an antipasto salad - knowing full well I would not be able to eat both in one sitting.  While waiting, I struck up a conversation with the female owner, who proceeded to tell me a story about a photo on the wall I had noticed of her and her husband, over 50 years ago, on the night of their wedding night.Just the fact that she took a few minutes to tell me about their lives that long ago while I waited for my food was worthy of at least four of these stars.  Then, as I was seated in the dining room next door, listening to Sinatra's greatest hits, the food came and it was out of this world.  Easily one of the best meatball subs I've ever consumed - the bread had the perfect chew - and wasn't soggy from the delicious fresh marinara.The salad had banana peppers, delicious olives, provolone, three different meats (salami, mortadella and pepperoni) and quite possibly the best Italian dressing to cover it in.  There were not many others who came to eat - but plenty were in and out for various Italian needs.  Their store is small, but appeared to have anything you might need for an authentic Italian meal.  Check this place out, whether you go for ingredients to make your own meal or want to try something they make fresh it's totally worth your time. If they're not that busy, ask about the beautiful picture on the wall and you're sure to hear a great story about Joe & Peppy's wonderful life.
1	My boyfriend and I traveled an hour on Thursday to come to your store based on the reviews and advertising of your business. We ordered two sandwiches, one Italian sub, and one sandwich with mortadella only. We also bought the imported Parmesan Reggiano cheese, a jar of hot cherry peppers, a package of the imported long ziti, 1/2 lb of Hot Capicola and 1/2 lb of Mortadella totaling approximately $80.  We are from NY and have Italian in our blood. We are used to good Italian delis in NY.  Yours doesn't even come close.  I should have realized when there was no smell of cheese when we walked in. The sandwiches were ok, we ate them there. Your store was very clean, not sure if that is due to lack of business or what. When we got home, my boyfriend tried the cheese, he said it was tasteless.  I just made a sandwich with the hot cherry peppers, however, I noticed that the jar cap was popping, which means it's been opened. I tried them anyway and they are tasteless!  Your prices are very high and then to have tasteless cheese and cherry peppers? I told my boyfriend we should come back to your store and demand a refund for the cheese and peppers, which was about $40!  But how much gas are we going to spend traveling back to you?  The proper thing would be to credit his credit card.  Hopefully, you will see this and do that.
5	I have a serious crush on Niccoli's Deli and even though I don't live in the area, I will be sure to find my way to this little mom and pop shop as often as I can! I stumbled across this deli after reading all the raving Yelp reviews and having some time to spare before an event. I am so happy I had time to spare because it helped me discover one of my favorite delis! This Italian Market reminds me of someplace you'd find in a big city, but instead it's situated in a strip mall along 16th street. Upon entering, you're immediately welcomed by fresh meats in the coolers, fresh bread behind the counter, homemade raviolis waiting in the refrigerators and several rows of Italian imported products waiting for your kitchen adventures. I spent some time exploring each rack filled with exotic olive oils, fresh pastas, olive spreads, canned tomatoes and every other Italian product imaginable. First the owner welcomed me and led me to a reasonably priced yet delicious bottle of olive oil. This is after I accidentally picked up the $70 bottle of olive oil! Whoops. After filling my arms with products to make a homemade Italian meal, I then made my way to the counter and my mouth started watering as I read about all the sandwiches and menu items they offer. Unfortunately I was going to an event, otherwise I would have purchased a sandwich. However, I did purchase two rolls to make a sandwich later! During check-out, I began chatting with the owner's lovely wife who started giving me kitchen tips. She even gave me a recipe for a summer pasta sauce! She took the time to carefully explain the recipe to me and then wrote it down. I feel like I received a special gift! I've already tried the meal at home and it was just as amazing as she promised it would be!If you're in the area and want some delicious Italian products, or you simply want a tasty sandwich, this is your spot!
5	The best Italian sub I've had yet! The bread was so soft & fresh. The meat was extremely good. My husband's meatball sub looked amazing, he was going on about how good it was. Be prepared to get messy while eating here!
5	This review will brief as you only need to know 3 things about this place:1. The Italian Sub is fantastic.2. The meatball sub is fantastic.3. The people are friendly and this is a great little mom & pop place. That's it. Now go get some good food.
4	Stopped in for lunch after reading the reviews and decided on the Italian Sub. It was a great sandwich on fresh bread piled with meats and cheese. Considering I have ate at the other deli shops in that area Niccoli's has my vote!Owners were friendly and accommodating. The market and deli are great places to pick your items when you are looking to make an authentic Italian meal!I will be back!
5	Ok, here goes.AWESOME! I had the Italian Sandwich and the meat is so tasty and legit it is crazy!The BEST cannoli I have EVER had in my entire life! Filled to order and the shell is absolutely homemade.  Lemon bars.  Just have one!  I can't wait to go in and try the meatball sub! This is a mom and pop shop! Go support LOCAL!!!!!
5	The Italian sandwich is the BEST in town.  Been by the restaurant so many times before going to Absolute Care Chiropractic, but had never been in Niccoli's.  One time in there and trying the sandwich, I was hooked!
5	The best Italian sub I've ever had.  Another person in my party ordered a meatball sub and shared the same sentiments - absolutely delicious!
3	This is just a brief update regarding the Italian Beef sandwich.I have tried three sandwiches: meatball, Italian, and Italian Beef.All of them were good, but I would probably rank the Italian Beef last.The flavor was fine, but the sandwich was incredibly messy, oily, and spicy due to my stupid selection of hot/spicy Italian giardiniera.This stuff actually made me sweat, because it was so spicy.  I fully expect to experience some type of gastrointestinal dysfunction.Consume at your own risk.
4	I rarely write reviews these days but Niccoli's deserves one. I stopped in to pick up their house made Italian sausage to make my favorite lasagna for Christmas day. I also grabbed a can of imported tomatoes and two sandwiches for lunch for me and the BF. I've eaten here before and I always get the Italian - it is DELICIOUS - totally messy and dripping in vinegar and oil. Yum. My only complaint is the prosciutto selection. I don't mind paying for quality but $34 or $42 a lb is pretty steep. I'd like to see a less expensive option. That said Niccoli's is a neighborhood gem and I'm happy I only live a few blocks away.
4	Great food, sandwiches, and customer service.
