5	Great for upholstery
5	We were referred to Galaxy Foam & Upholstery by another shop in town that said our paltry three cushion job was not worth their time. The address listed is not entirely correct, they're are now located up off I-15 & Cheyenne. That being said, we made the hike up to their location on Saturday to drop off three cushion covers.Walking into the warehouse door, there were rows and rows and rows worth of HUGE foam pads, a rather massive band saw to make quick work of foam blocks.The counter staff was quick and knowledgeable, made rapid measurements and gave us a price straight away. There was a stack of 6 or so foam blocks on the counter, we were able to choose the foam density we wanted, for no change in price.Making our payment, we were told the cushions would be done on Monday. The cushions we dropped of had sat in the laundry room, beneath some other clean items, for some time. They developed that "old laundry" smell to them. We made a note to ourselves to clean them when we got the cushions back. One thing we forgot to mention was that there was a broken zipper on one of the cushions.Monday afternoon, I drove up to get our cushions and was thoroughly impressed with how soft and fresh smelling the covers were. They had taken the time/initiative/what-have-you to launder the covers! Bonus! While loading the fresh as a spring breeze cushions in my car, I made another realization, all of the zippers were 100% functional. I am not sure if they repaired or replaced the bad zipper, as the staff did not mention anything about it, nor did they ask for additional money for the repair. Their work is top notch, quick and affordable. It cost us the same for three cushions at Galaxy as another shop quoted us for one cushion.
5	This place is awesome!Much better location now! The old location was small and had no parking. This is the complete opposite of their last location.Great selection of foam and their prices are cheap! I do not buy foam from anywhere else. This place is it for me! They are fast when getting an order done too!They sell many different sized pillow inserts with filler in them for cheap too!You will not be disappointed with the quality or price here.
5	I was referred by another upholstery shop because the shop did not have foam for me to purchase, they were strictly an upholstery shop. I went to the shop to purchase foam for my used sofa and chair, with measurements in hand. The staff member told me I should have bought the covers so they could put the covers on the foam for me, if would probaby be difficult for me.; this was on Saturday. On Monday morning at 8:00am, I took in the covers of the sofa and chair, for 3 seats and 3 pillows, dropped them off and they were ready for me by 12:00 noon.  Excellent, excellent work; price was amazing.  You can't go wrong!
5	This place is a hidden gem! All the fabrics and cushion types you would ever want or need are stored in a warehouse like building. The workers are helpful and friendly. Affordable prices. Our ottoman gets compliments all the time. I'll definitely return for future projects.
5	These guys are great!I was referred here by friends and coworkers, as I had foam that needed cutting.  I was going to make my own hot wire cutter, but friends said to save my time and take it to Galaxy Foam!  I did, and they cut it for free for me.  I also was looking for some upholstery items to finish my project.  They had a wide selection to choose from, and the prices are incredibly reasonable.Go to this place first for your first upholstery needs.
5	I've seen this place in Downtown whenever I had to go there and finally decided to check the place out in their new location in NLV and wow I love it! The price is definitely great! I came down because I'm building a headboard for my king size bed. I needed a 3" thick foam of 42x72 and most of the places online were $60+ shipping. When I got here, it only cost me $34 and some change after tax. I also went and bought batting that looked about 1" thick at 54x108 for $12. I was planning to go to Joann to buy batting but they definitely don't have batting like this at that price for that much! I definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to do a project and needs foam, batting or material. I think they also sell other things but I didn't look around. I got all my items in 10 minutes. They were fast and friendly!
