5	My review is really a 4 3/4; I just have a minor ding which I'll explain.   Firstly, I was moving from our home in north Phoenix and expected to do a top notch cleaning job before I left the home for the new owners.   Well, we moved all the boxes from our old house to the new before the movers came and needless to say we were totally spent.  The movers were coming on Tuesday morning and the new owners were doing the walkthru on Wednesday afternoon.   On Monday morning I researched the Internet and HomeAdvisor and Haden Maids was one of the recommendations.   I spoke with Denise immediately and since my need was so immediate she shuffled some things around and was able to get a team to my home on Wednesday midday.  What a relief!!!!The team, Mary and Alex, showed up with Dennis the owner and they surveyed their task.  The house was mostly empty (I was still trying to get the last minute stuff out of the kitchen) they were all on board with what the team had to do.    We had vaulted ceilings and high plant shelves.   Their work was so much more effective since they had all the right tools.    WOW, I thought I was an immaculate housekeeper; did I get a reality check when they knocked down the dust from the plant shelves!!!They came with all the right tools and cleaners and they both knew what they were doing.   I did a walk-thru with them and let them know how pleased I was.   Unfortunately, after they left, I found a few very, very minor  things that were over looked (a few drawers were not wiped out in the kitchen nor was the drawer beneath the oven wiped out).  This could be because they needed to wait for me to evacuate that area before they had full access to the kitchen.When the new owners did their walkthru, they were ecstatic; they said the house was cleaner than a new-build.Thank you Mary and Alex, you did a great job.   Denise and Dennis you have a great business going there!!!!!   Thank you for saving our sanity during our big move.
5	Like the previous reviewer, I too used Haden Maids to do a complete deep cleaning prior to putting my condo on the market for sale. The 2 gals did an amazing job, at a more than fair price, allowing me to give a generous tip to both. I would use these folks again in a heartbeat!
5	I just received a deep cleaning from Haden Maids for my 3100 square foot house. They did a great job and I am very pleased. The maids are all professionally dressed, very friendly, and they did a thorough cleaning on my house which really needed a deep cleaning. I have a full time job and full time student and these folks took a lot of stress off my plate. The initial cost was $250 for the deep cleaning (worth every penny) and $89 every two weeks hereafter. If you are looking for a professional maid service, I recommend these folks.-Patricia A.
5	I used recently used Haden Maids for a  "Move In/Move Out" cleaning of my property before putting it on the market.  Denise was very friendly and professional throughout the entire process.  She was even able to squeeze me in the same day at an affordable rate.  They crew did a great job and were very thorough.  I couldn't be happier with the experience.  Highly recommend them!
5	The owner, Dennis, came along on the first visit with Ashley and Mariah and we all did a walk through of the house to get an idea of what we needed. They arrived on time! And they did a very thorough job of cleaning my home. They cleaned things that others missed and that I hadn't even noticed were dirty until I noticed they were clean! What a treat to have my home cleaned and looing just great. I'm pleased looking forward to my next visit in two weeks. Dennis says that I will have the same team each time which means a lot to me.
