5	I LOVE a good deal, so when I received a coupon in the mail for Top Design Nails, I was intrigued by the $26 mani/pedi which included a FREE eyebrow waxing to boot.  There are a lot of small nail salons near my house, but I haven't really found one that provided quality service worthy of a return...until yesterday.  As soon as I walked inside Top Design I noticed how much cleaner and organized it was than other establishments I had treated my footsies to, and I didn't have to wait at all to get my services started.  Honestly, all three of the services I received were firest rate.  Unlike other places that charge extra for salt scrub, this was included in the service, and my favorite part was the fact that they warm up the lotion before applying it to your feet and legs.  It was such a delightful experience!  Since I started grad school I've definitely neglected myself a bit so my eyebrows were in need of some taming.  Anna, the owner of the salon, made them look tip-top in a jiffy.  She also owns the alterations place next door which only charges 8 measly dollars to put the original hem back on designer jeans.  Such a bargain!  This morning I woke up and admired my nails, toes and eyebrows and was so happy that I've found "my" nail place.  Anna informed me that the $26 special will be running for a while so get yourself into Top Design for the best deal in town!
5	i decided to try this nail shop after reading Leslie's review. i had been going to dv nails, and everything was fine, but was tempted to try something closer to home...there are a lot of nail shops in my area so the review really helped, anyways....i gave it a whirl & LOVED it!! i called ahead for an appointment, but got there early & they got me right in. the extra salt scrub was included in the pedi price!! as was a free eyebrow wax, since i had a mani & pedi! i added an upperlip wax & the total before tip was only $34!!! wow!!! now a word about the accomodations - CLEAN!!! everything was spotless and the nail tech was very accomdating. all of the pedi chairs are brand new and very comfortable. Anne, the owner, did my waxing and even filled in my brows with pencil when she was done. i was a little nervous about the eyebrow wax as i have been getting them threaded for years now, but there are no threading places close to the new casa, so i decided why not? i was pleasantly surprised and will def be back!!thank you top design!!! its good to be pampered on a budget :)
5	I was in need of a fill, Steve was amazing!  I went over on my lunch hour and he had me in and out quickly.  I must admit I'm happier with the job he did then my regular place.  There is nothing special about the front of this location, but dont judge there is so much more inside!  All of the people were very friendly, it was clean, and there wasnt that strong nail salon smell.  I'm a customer for good now!
5	This place is wonderful. The staff is very nice and friendly and they do a great job on the nail art. It is also the best deal in town I have yet to find a better price on nails and waxing! If you go monday, tuesday, or wednesday you receive an extra 10% iff the already low prices. I have been going to this nail shop for 2 years and it is the best!
4	Made an appointment on the day I went. I only had my lunch break, but they made it a worthwhile and affordable experience! No hidden charges for the exfoliating salt scrub. I received a beautiful pedicure in a clean atmosphere in under an hour. Success!
5	i have been going to this nail salon for 5years now and the people here are great there is great discounts on 2 days of the week soo call and ask... everybody here does an amazing job...... its clean safe friendly happy an drelaxing the prices are great serice is amazingA ND MOST OF ALL YOU ALWAYS  LEAVE HAPPY
3	They were busy on a Saturday afternoon. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes. When it was my turn, I was told to sit at the seat by the entrance and a lady (I think she's the owner) began working on my nails. She filed and shaped my nails nicely. I had a couple nails that chipped at the side so I thought I would have had to file all my nails down short. She was able to shape them to where I was able to keep them long but it not look weird. I asked for french tips with blk zebra stripes. She did the french tips and said she would add the stripes after my pedi. She switched with an older lady to do someone else's nails while the older lady did my pedi. This part wasn't pleasant. This is how it went down when I was trying to tell the lady what color polish I wanted for my toes. Me: Gray, like this. (points to the arm rest of the chair) She gets up to the polish display, grabs two different polishes and returns. Lady: Which one? (showing me two silver polishes) Me: Umm... just matte no glitters, and nothing shiny. Lady: (gets up and goes back to the polish station and grabs 3 other colors and comes back) Okay, which one you like? Me: (looks at the 3 pearlish white colors) Never mind. I'll just get black. Lady: (annoyed face w raised eyebrows) Black!? Me: Yes sorry, black. She puts her head down and pulls my foot closer to her and begins polishing my toes quickly. I just sat there quietly. I was sitting there watching everyone else getting their feet and calves rubs/massages while all I got a measely 10 second ball and heel scrub. I felt as though she rushed through the whole pedi. My bf's sister who came with me got started on her pedi when I got started with my mani and I was done with my mani and pedi before her pedi. In fact, when I got seated there were 4 other people halfway through their pedi session and I was done before ALL of them. After my pedi, I returned to the chair I was sitting in for my mani and another lady came to paint on zebra stripes. My mani came out looking good, my pedi not so much so it evens out to a 3 star experience. My total was $35 which is a great deal but I'd pay the little extra for better service all around. I was kind of annoyed with how they kept switching ladies on me because now I had to split the tip to 3 different people rather than one larger tip for one person.
4	Yelp helped me find this place, as it's close to where I work.  It was great, and there are some amazing specials... 10% off a pedicure on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.  And also if you go on Mon, Tues, or Wed and you get a mani + pedi, they will give you a free eyebrow wax!  The best thing about the place is the "family" atmosphere.  I think the whole family does-- literally-- work there, and they all talk and hang out like you are in their living room with them.  I told them that I really wish I could understand Vietnamese so I could be in on the jokes.  They laughed at me and slapped my leg like I was the jokey-est jokester of all time.  It was charming.The owner gave me my pedicure herself, and I LOVED her.  (Maybe it's because she A) rested her boobs on my feet every time she laughed and B) burped with gusto.)  However, she is part of the only reason why I gave Top Design Nails 4 stars instead 5.  She speaks zero English, so when I tried to explain that I like my nails mostly square but with rounded edges (complex, I know), she nodded her head like she understood and then proceeded to file my nails completely round, which I do not like.  I could have corrected it, of course, but I was so charmed that I decided to be "that customer" on a future visit.I decided to get my eyebrows done while I was there-- even though I usually get them threaded elsewhere-- and the job was totally fine.  The best part is that my pedi + eyebrows was a total of $23 ($15 pedi, $8 eyebrows)!!One more random/interesting thing to note:  the owner also does clothing alterations on-site.  Apparently, she will hem a pair of pants for $4!  I know that must of us are in codependent, long-term relationships with our tailors, but I might have to give it a try some time, due to the ridiculously low price.All in all, I highly recommend this place.  It is definitely unique!
3	Yes their probably going to still talk sh*t about you infront of you in their native tongue, but my toes and eye brows are GORGEOUS!
5	Great place! OPI and other top polish lines, super nice techs and really more than reasonably priced. I'll be back!
5	I don't say this lightly: Top Design Nails is my favorite business in a shady strip mall in Phoenix.  $25 for a thorough yet efficient manicure and pedicure.  I've been about 4 times, and have yet to have a mediocre experience.  The women are friendly, the place is very clean, the color selection looks solid, and the service is quick (except for the leisurely leg massage - dream).
4	I have been to this nail place a few times now. One they have amazingly good deals. Two they do a great job. I can even get in and out on my lunch break, which is always nice! They give a great pedicure, manicure and even a eyebrow wax. They even do alterations on clothes there. I have no had anything done there but everytime I am there, their are a lot of people picking up items. The places doesnt look like much from the outside but it they do a great job at a unheard of price! Thanks Yelpers for helping me to find this gem!
5	Best, best, best !!!! Tina and her husband are excellent. Fast, efficient and fair price. Huge selection of nail designs, but also simple active length French manicures. My manicures and pedicures last forever. My husband asked if they use airplane paint (joking) because the color is so glossy and lasts so long. I have been going now for almost 2 years and have been very happy every time. Final word, kudos to Tina. I have never known her to be anything but absolutely sweet. She is a real pro.
5	This was the first time here, and I was very impressed.  They got me right in with Lisa who was very sweet and thorough.  She did my pedicure and manicure, which only came to $27.00 which was very resonable.  Everything was clean, and it was obvious that she took pride in her work.  She also does alterations (hems jeans for only $4.00!).  I will definitely be back.
4	I took the reviews of others and tried out this nail salon as it is very close to my new apt.  I went during the day and did not have to wait at all.  I've been in Phx for 4 years and this may be the best pedicure I've had since moving here.  They were not the best at working at the callous/dry skin on the bottom of my feet but my toenails and fingernails have never looked so good.  Really did a great job filing, shaping, and cleaning up my cuticles and the polish looks great.  It was definitely worth the $26 for a mani/pedi and I will be back. I was just a tad disappointed that they only had one color in the new crackle polish, hopefully they will get more in the future.
4	I'm always on the lookout for a good, inexpensive nail place. After consulting Yelp I found that this nail place had great reviews and is only a few minutes from my apartment! Sweet.  This place is very easy to miss. Although there is a large sign on the storefront, it just doesnt look like a nail salon. Keep this in mind. If you hit Thomas, you've gone too far!     I went in without an appointment on a saturday afternoon and the place was hoppin! I was greeted promptly and only had maybe a 5-7 minute wait. Tina was my girl. She didnt say much but was very friendly and gave me the best pedicure I've had in the 5 years I've lived in the valley. Two thumbs up for Tina. Seriously. I will be back to visit her.    I only went in for a pedicure but after perusing the menu, I would have had more done had I known their prices were GREAT! A Standard pedicure comes with the sugar scrub and is only $17. A manicure is only $10 and the combo is $26. The salon is very clean and  sanitary. Definitely worth every penny. Tina also gave me a pretty design on my toes for only an additional $4. These nail technicians dont just do flowers. The girl next to me had some VERY serious toenail artwork being done and I was impressed at how quicky and efficiently her girl moved without compromising quality.   Top Design isnt glamorous by any means but I had an exceptional experience there. They even do alterations! Couldnt ask for much more. So totally my new nail spot.
4	I was searching for a place off to meet my friend for a pedicure - and with the help of Yelp, we found this place which was almost perfectly located about 1/2 way between our houses. The hours listed on Yelp are wrong, they are open on the weekends (Sundays 10:30-5). So today we met at 11:30 for a pedicure. The place was very busy, and like others, I drove by the first time. However, I have to say the pedicure was great...and very inexpensive - $22 for the pedicure with my big toe designs. I was also very impressed with the selection of designs, and the 'bling' offered with those designs. While I love my usual place, I ask them to do a design and they typically do a free hand flower. They had simple and elaborate designs all displayed in case, it was difficult to choose! Since we are heading to Rocky Point this weekend for a little beach and R&R time...I opted for an all 'bling' Martini glass design. One person did the pedicure, while a different person did the design; so I  felt obligated to give a bit extra in the tip, but overall it is was a good pedi and good experience. My girlfriend and I sat and chatted and we had a relaxing experience, and it was still a few dollars cheaper than my regular place. The reason for the 4 star - I would have liked a bit longer of a leg message. I know this was an awesome value and I shouldn't complain.
4	I came here the day before my friends wedding for a mani & pedi with my cousin.  I got the french tip with purple line. I was happy with the results, it's the best nails i've gotten done! My nails looked like they were fake. :pMy cousin never gets her nails done, she decided to get a pedicure and in the end she told me "I might be going back here".  The place is very clean, a lot of nail designs to choose from, they take their time doing your nails, and the staff are very friendly.  My total was $38, which wasn't so bad --it is a little bit more than what I would pay in Arcadia "Eagle Nails" I get the same thing PLUS eyebrow waxing for the same price, but I'm not complaining because I know it's more in other locations.TIP:* Does not take appointments*Parking can be really tight
4	This is where I go to get my nails "did." Usually the wait times are short, pedicures are quick and well done and the prices are cheap. It's a little ghetto, but it's clean. $2 off Mondays-Wednesdays. And the $4 denim alterations are good. It's usually about a 2-3 day turnaround time, sooner if requested.
5	This place is tough to miss - Head south on 16th St from Osborn, and it will be on your right. Like another poster said, if you hit Thomas, you've gone too far. I just got home from my first time here, and I couldn't be more relieved that I chose this place instead of the ritzy one by my house. It may look a little humble on the outside, but this place will become your holy grail.Interior is bright, well-lit, clean, and hectic on a Thursday evening at 6:15pm. I had the basic pedicure, which was 17.00 flat today. I think it's 15.00 on Mon - Wed. The basic pedicure came with a total of around 45 minutes to 1 hour in the massage chair. The light is rather bright, so many girls were wearing their sunglasses to really zone out and enjoy that massage. You can also ask for a warm towel to throw over your face! The pedicure included the initial foot soak, careful nail clipping, snipping and shaping, cuticle pushing, moisturizing, 3-minute salt sugar scrub, additional calf massage (around 3 minutes), lotion application, hot towel treatment, and light foot massage with oil and lotion. Also purchased the 5.00 callous removal to reverse some serious high heel and flip flop damage. She worked beautifully and carefully making sure not to hurt me, asking often if it was too intense. This came with an extra massage! I opted for a light blue/light pink plaid design over a grey for a very subtle preppy look. Executed perfectly and with a steady hand - could not have asked for better. She treated my toes like they were her own!My total was 24.00 for the callous removal, pedicure, and design. You will want to tip well!It's worth noting that they close at 7:30pm; I was still mid toenail clip at this point, however, and she told me that it was really no big deal at all. At other places, they might rush you, but she really did take her time and work patiently. I know that if I had needed anything else, they would have stayed there until 9pm if that's what it took.
5	This place gets 5 stars because it's the BEST full-set and pedi for the price.  I know you can get a classier atmosphere in a chic-ier spa, but you're going to PAY for that one hour and when you leave, you're nails and toes aren't going to look any better than if you'd gone to TDN!  I just took my daughter there on Tuesday for a full set and a pedi and it cost me $36.00 (not including the tip)!  I was paying $80.00 for the same thing down in Tucson.  I only wish you could set appts but I won't ding them a star for this due to the affordable prices!
5	What an awesome little shop! Beautiful nail designs, awesome customer service and attitude, all while keeping things professional and clean. I went in on a Wednesday around 2pm for a pedicure and the place was bustling. I waited maybe 5 minutes for a chair to open and a technician to be free. Nice vibe, and GREAT price! Had a manicure done later in the week, and her shaping was perfect. Would give 5 stars, but they do not have shellac or gel polish, which is a beneficial technology upgrade!Update 8/2012They now have shellac and gel polish, so they get 5 stars! way to upgrade!
4	no girls' weekend is complete without a pedi party! we picked this joint purely based on Yelp reviews.  we were looking for something cheap but good.  the ambiance is definitely no frills.  love that the pedi comes with hot stone foot & leg massage.my lady was a little rough with the cuticles & filing.  my sister obviously had someone in training, the other nail techs were yelling & motioning to her the whole time- made me kinda nervous that my poor baby sister was going to end up without a toe or something.  I am annoyed that there is an upcharge for removing old polish- wha?  if this review was based solely on the adult pedis, I would give it just 3 stars.BUTmy 2 girls got pedis that included flower designs for $15!  and their's even included the stone massage- so often the 'princess pedi' is just a glorified polish change.
4	I found this place from yelp because I was out if town on business and desperately needed my nails redone. Good place. Went for gel nails. Got in and out in an hour. Hannah did a fabulous job! $28, great price. Would return if I needed it for sure. Bring cash, or charge for credit card.
1	Terrible. That's all there is to it. That and the incorrect information they're totally willing to hand out. I called and asked if they did eyebrow threading, was told that yes they did, went in a couple hours later and was promptly told that they didn't do that there and maybe I should check at the mall. So I decided to get them waxed anyway. When I went to pay, the woman told me the waxing was 8 dollars. Then, after running my card and handing me a receipt she told me about the 2 dollar charge for using a card. Which was something that would have been nice to know before she ran the card in the first place.Would not go back or recommend.
5	OH my....$20 for a mani pedi and a back massaging chair??  WOW.  AMAZING place.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it here.  I take all my friends and family here.  Even my hubby's been in.  They are quick, thorough, professional and cheap!!  It's almost always packed in here, but they always get you in quickly!
5	In my never ending quest to find a good nail salon, I found the best hands down! They were so nice and took me in quickly. The owner was polite and convinced me to try gel nails and she explained it so well unlike all the others that never have. Hanna applied my gel nails and was so sweet, professional, and careful! They came out looking amazing! I will be going back from now on! They even took their time to know my name! Awesome!
5	Friendly service and great gel manicure.  Worth the wait!
4	"Boss" Ann was concerned that my nails were too short and my gel manicure wouldn't last; however, she persevered had a lovely young lady do my pedicure, another do my manicure, and not only did my manicure and pedicure come out beautifully, manicure lasted nearly THREE weeks and my pedicure still looks great! Very impressed with price and service! Love services that understand great prices equate to money left over for great tips!
4	Top Design Nails ReviewI send everyone I know here. (Even the out of towners.) Nails are a fact of life. And maintaining them sucks up money. Here, if you're ok with not having a full on spa experience, you can walk out feeling like a million bucks ... without having emptied your wallet. Bring cash, and you save two bucks.The massage chairs are heavenly. Oh, I can think of the pleasures they've offered to me so many times right now. Good stuff. If you go for a pedi, I highly recommend springing for a the $5 callous remover (at least once in a while). You'd be surprised how butter smooth you'll feel afterwards.As stated elsewhere, things cost less M/T. So things are busier those days. Be sure to sign in as soon as you arrive and then take a seat. Actually, try and state what you're there for if you can. You don't want to get lost in the shuffle of a large crowd.Gel manicures are a steal for $25 bucks any day of the week. Can't go wrong with that. I've now gotten quite a number of things altered there. Not just pant hems. They do a really incredible job of providing top notch work.Love, love love this place!
5	I walked in and right away they started helping me. They did an AWESOME job on my fill. their prices are also the best I can find in phoenix, I wont go anywhere else from now on!!
4	Okay so I didn't have a great experience with a previous nail salon AND I found this nail spot solely from our fellow Yelpers :) (thank you, btw) So, I went in last night because I've been wanting to get a pedicure. I walked in the door at 701pm. I was immediately greeted, asked to pick a color, the nail tech was already prepping my foot bath with the salts. I was seated and attended to in all of a minute and half!!! What?!! (Already SOLD at that point...)No comparison to the last nail salon... AND this place had five other ladies in there, two others getting pedis, the rest fills or full sets. Yep... Now, I know the techs were all tired and wanting to get out of there, but my tech was still pleasant. She soaked my feet, removed my polish, scrubbed them, wiped, clipped them. She used a dremol to smooth out the tops of my nails, cleaned up my cuticles, removed any ingrown nails, smoothed the skin around my toes, filed the edges of my nails, did a callous shindig, rubbed them. She also gave me a brief massage on my calves, ankles, feet, and toes...AND placed a hot towel over my feet... YEAH! Okay, so maybe they don't do all the fancy whatever, whatever...BUT, I totally am a fan! They were quick, polite, some small talk with Sung, my tech :)  think I'm going to become a regular here. I was in at 701, out by 729pm. Pedicure $17.  Nuff said. LOL. Next trip will be gel manicure $25, I was told ;) Next pedi will be French tip per my regular this time just wanted a fun, bright pink shade ;) I was told $20 is the cost of that.  Fellow Yelpers, I will change my rating from a four to a five star after my next few trips I wanna see if its as good as it gets, LOL!
5	I could not be more pleased with my experience yesterday. Kevin went above and beyond, to accommodate me. My old chewed-up nails, became beautiful, and I felt like a new person.
4	They get bonus points because they know how to do a proper CLAW NAIL. I stumbled upon this place simply due to the fact that I went the day before to get my nails done somewhere else and they turned out HORRIBLE. She did not know how to do claws and instead of just saying so she attempted and failed and I was left to pay for something that looked HORRIBLE. Mind you it was MUCH more expensive than this place. When I came here he took them off and gave me what I much so wanted. I LOVED them! They aren't hard to maintain either and you can still get things done... except for typing on a PC that was bit of a challenge.. but no problem typing on my Macbook. Anyway the service is good, I recommend going early in the morning and not on the weekends. They have good service and the prices aren't very high. She even waxed my eyebrows and she did a good job! BONUS POINTS because she filled them in for me after wards! I don't wear acrylics anymore and I don't live in Phoenix so I don't go anymore but I do recommend this place if you don't live too far.Four stars because one first impression the english barrier is real.
5	Soooo many design s to choose from and the colors
4	I got an awesome pedi! I am super ticklish but they managed to do a good job and make my feet look great without making me feel uncomfortable. They also include a massage with oil for your legs which is heavenly.I gave 4 stars because you can't have a conversation with your aesthetician because the language barrier is real. The chairs are massaging too which was pretty relaxing and it was all just 17 dollars plus tip.I would recommend!
1	Never again will I come here. There was absolutely no courtesy to the customer from the second I walked through the door. They asked me if I was there for eyebrows. Instead of asking, "what can we do for you?" their followup was: you want a full set?They did not seem willing to do even the most simple design on real nails unless I wanted acrylics. I have seen plenty of people get simple designs on their actual nails with the final result looking amazing, so I'm not sure what their deal was.Not to mention this was the most painful manicure ever. She hurt me when fixing my cuticles. Their nail buffer felt more like a nail file and she continuously caught my skin at the base of the nail.I have been to low-budget places that still have good manner and are personable with their customer, even with language barriers...and I got absolutely ZERO satisfaction from this place. I wish I could erase this from my day off and start my morning over. Aren't you supposed to leave salons feeling a little pampered??
4	Amazing job and amazing price. I am very picky when it comes to getting any beauty services done. Im so picky that if its not perfect it not worth it in my book. Well they did a great job. I got a pedi and shellac mani for $47. In some places you can't even get a pedicure for that much. If you're into the spa experience when getting your nails done, this is not your place. This place is always busy and not very well ventilated. But if you can get past that, its worth it.I won't be going anywhere else to get my nails done in Phoenix.
5	Got my nails done here and I love the results. It was 25 dollars to get a design on two fingers and my gel nails filled, but it is the coolest my nails have ever looked. The lady who does the designs will even work with you when you have different suggestions.
2	Guy who did my nails did a horrible job. They looked awful. He seemed to be in a hurry and it showed. Definitely the worst full set I've ever had. This place is always too crowded and loud.
5	Love Top Design! Best prices for good work done. Have been going there over 2 years now, and wont switch back to others I have been to in the past. Tina does excellent nail design art! I get compliments all the time.
3	Busy place that charges $2 for debut transaction, work is just ok. Price is ok. I wouldn't necessarily return as it was nothing special. They do have tons of designs though
4	Ann and Kim gave my sister and me great service. We were seated quickly, they did a  really nice job with my mani and my sister's gel fill, and they did the work efficiently but without making either of us feel rushed. Bonus points for being open on Sunday. And they don't take reservations, which makes the first-come, first-served nature much more equitable than having to be bumped for a reservation that may or may not show up. A+. We will definitely go back.
5	Was stressing over an exam and decided to go get a pedi with a friend to relax! I'm glad I chose Top Design Nails! My friend and I walked in and were greeted and seated right away! The staff were very nice and made you feel comfortable! I had a bruise under my toenail and they accomadated me and hid it nicely with no problem! The basic pedicure itself exceeded my expectations for only being $17 (mine was more expensive because I got french tip and flower design $25 total). Overall I loved this place and will be returning, its a great price for the service you get!
5	Studying for an exam & decided to go for a pedi here to relieve stress. I was looking for a cheap place and I was willing to check this place out. Usually I don't go for cheap places because of not just the quality but the actual pampering. I have been to nail places with cheap prices but cheap pamper, or not much pampering at all. HERE at Top Design Nails, the price is great, very fair & the pamper is worth more than its cost compared to other places I've been. I loved it & the ladies were nice. There are massage chairs & everything. They have lots of nail design options behind the door. The service and outcome was worth my pay. With the experience I had from this place, I would definitely come back. I got white tips on my toes btw. The white tips on my toes were not too thick just as I liked it, and if they weren't looking how you wanted I would just tell them to make it thinner or thicker or to however you'd want it. Anyway, I'd recommend this place if you're in the area! :)
4	Okay, so the place is a hole in the wall but they get the job done. If you've never been here before don't drive down 16th st. too fast because you'll definitely miss it. Whenever I come in I'm assisted immediately and the prices are excellent. They do wonderful eyebrows here too---ohhh what a difference a good brow makes! I'm a fan.
3	Stopped in here on a whim, and based off the reviews and how busy the salon was, I was hoping for a better spot! The staff is very nice & accommodating, I was helped right away. The salon could be cleaner and a bit more sanitary, all tools used on me had been previously used on other clients. The fill was and has been amazing, however it was the worst polish job I have ever gotten!!  I actually had to re-paint my nails myself! :(Also, bring cash, they charge $2 extra if you want to use your debit or credit card, yikes!
5	I love this place! They are all very friendly and they do a great job with designs and the prices are very reasonable. Also, great place to get your eyebrows done.
1	The pedicure I received was the worst ever. To add insult to injury, the manager asked me to come back, then commenced to embarrass me in front of the other patrons for questioning the work of one of the workers. When asked why the technician cut the nails in different lengths, cut up the skin, and painted my skin on most of my toes, the manager's response was "Those are your nails"....Not good
2	I've gone to Top Design Nails about eight times in the last three months. I recently moved to the area, and it had decent yelp reviews so I thought I would check it out. I'm going to keep this as brief as possible. This place is inconsistent, I'm putting that as nicely as I possibly can. Sometimes, you get incredible service, sometimes you get rude, unreasonable service. Most of the time you get rude unreasonable service. It's a dice game. To their merit, they are relatively clean, tools are sterilized and packaged, stations are cleaned after each service. That being said, this place is ghetto. Startlingly so. The floor is uneven, they use the tailoring room as a lunch room, the chairs and stations have all seen much better days, it's decorated poorly and lit even worse. I would rather drink tap water from Tijuana than get waxed here. I love that on Mondays and Tuesdays pedicures are $15. I hate that they charge you to use the debit/credit machine. In my opinion, that is one of the costs incurred from owning a business and the customer should not have to see/pay for it. That cost should be padded into the actual cost of the services. Also, they nickel and dime over inane things, nails filed in a round shape are $2 more than nails done in square (a rule that only applies sometimes at Top Design Nails) I hate that they have nail techs that speak so little english, I had to google search the word "pointy" in vietnamese and then show her what a cat claw looked like from an image search. This was not her fault, but I think it's fair to instill a basic language vocabulary within an employee before they hit the salon floor. I hate the fact that at the end of the pedicure they don't replace the soaking wet towel with a dry one. I've had manicures and gel nails here, I wouldn't go back for either. My gels lasted one week before they began peeling, and my manicure was such a nightmare, I don't even want to go into the details. This place is strictly for pedicures only, or if I needed something tailored, like a pair of jeans (convenient but very, very, strange that they do nails and alterations) I would never trust them with anything of any importance or significance. If you're in the neighborhood, you need a pedicure and you appreciate a good bargain, check it out. Bring your patience, and your cash.
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would. Every time I go here my nails don't last longer than a week. I've had two break off and I just had them done. The nail techs make my nails too thin and it's always half assed. So frustrating because I've been going to them for a few months and their quality of work has just gone down hill. Won't be back again.
3	I've noticed inconsistent reviews here. People are either really happy or really ticked off. I live on the other side of the universe from this shop, and I have a "regular" shop near me which I visit 2x a month. However, this is the only shop I have found to do "creative" designs (like a plaid pedicure at Christmas).  I have been here 6 times and have been very pleased.  The shop is in a bad area, so I don't know what people expect. Also, when English is not a first language and the shop employees are not from this country.....you sometimes have to make allowances for culture.  Yes - I have left nail salons because of a lack of friendliness, cleanliness.....and yes, I wish those who open businesses in our neighborhoods would prioritize learning how to do business according to the client's expectations ......and not their own. There ARE nail salons where they have learned to do this: speak English, be friendly, run an organized shop, be professional. This shop has a lot to learn, but I've never received a "bad" pedicure.
4	Special thanks to Irene V whose review sent me in this place's direction. Top Design Nails was a real good find. They do not take appointments, but when I went in, despite being pretty full, they fit me in right away. I got a mani/pedi and eyebrow wax.... for 34$....wow, that is almost unheard of.... last time I got my eyebrows waxed it cost 20$ just for that! The girl who did my mani pedi was really sweet and very meticulous. It was the younger girl who is really cute (bad description, I know). Anyway, she did a great job. The woman who did my brows said she does 50+ brows per day... and you can tell, she did a great job and did it so fast. I would bring cash as there is a 2$ fee to use cards. I will be back!
4	I love this salon! I am super picky about my acrylics so finding this place was a God send. The salon is nothing fancy but the work is amazing. Whether you are looking for a full set of bling bling nails or something classy an professional, they definitely have got you covered. The only downside is sometimes you do have to wait...........but totally worth it!!  this place!!!
5	My daughter & I were handled with care!! It was my daughter's 1st full set and she really enjoyed the experience. Very clean, professional, & relaxing atmosphere :-)
2	Now my favorite manicurist is gone. Now when I go they don't even greet you, they just push you to a chair as fast as they can. I realize they were always that way, except for one But sadly he is not there anymore.
5	Good nail spot
4	As soon as I got there they were very polite & got my nails done right away. The person doing them was nice & was gentle. This was my first time getting Nails put on & he was nice & I love tjem!
4	The outside of this place is not what I call, "welcoming".  But I took the plunge and walked on in and boy was I glad that I did!  The place was a lot cleaner than what the outside lead me to believe it would be.  I mean, there's bars on the windows gimme a break.  I went on a Sunday and apparently that's one of the busiest days of the week there.  I only waited about 5-10min before they put me in the chair for my pedi.  Right after I sat down the people started pouring in and the wait times got longer and longer.  At one point they were at an hour wait.  Whoa. My pedi was great and right after I moved over into the station for nails.  The woman got my hands ready for the next who would be doing the design on my nails.  I picked out a pretty funny design because hey, it's SHARK WEEK!  She kind of giggled and she dominated the design!  I couldn't have been happier with the great job she did.  It's close by my house and they did a good job.  I will be a frequent flier. :)
1	This shop has terrible customer service.  Arrived at 6:20pm and was informed that they were closed; it states on the website and on the door the store closes at 7:30pm. Comical. I would avoid- go to a shop that respects their customers and holds consistent hours.
2	I've been here a handful of times over the last 2 years but after my most recent experience, I won't be returning. I showed up an hour before their posted closing (7:30pm) time and was told they were closed. The woman working didn't even acknowledge my question regarding their business hours. Even before this, the staff is typically unfriendly. The place feels dingy and crowded. It's really not worth saving a few bucks.
5	For the price it was amazing! Only downside is you have to wait awhile because they are so busy, but that's a good thing, right?
4	The area & outside of the shop is not what you would expect but the service & product quality is great! My new spot for sure
1	I've been coming here for the past year due to the convenience of the location, and the waits are reasonable. The service has always been so so, and the friendliness and professionalism factor has always been hit or miss. Today was a big miss. I was seated in a pedi chair right away by a woman who was eating her lunch while she seated me. Then she proceeds to slouch into a chair nearby and cruise FaceBook. Another guy that worked there was slouched in the pedi chair next to me and cruiser FaceBook. After sitting there for 15 minutes, I asked the technician who was servicing a customer next to me if she could tell me who my technician is. She pointed to the lady who seated me slouched in the chair cruising FB. I started to get up to leave and another lady tells me that the FB cruiser was not my tech and the other woman didn't understand my question. I started to reconsider my departure but the women proceeded to berate me in a condescending tone, so I left. I will never return. Too many other salons around.
3	tried this place based on the reviews but wasn't impressed.  didn't feel very welcoming and didn't feel the staff was very friendly.  the lady that did my nails was fine but after 1 week my nails weren't going to last any longer.  disappointed.  when i was there another lady came in and said that a couple of her nails broke after 1 day.  won't be back.
5	Kevin is back!!! Missed his awesomeness with nails. As always, Tina is the best nail artist I have found anywhere!
4	I was scared walking in..but once I got inside I was pretty impressed with the service. The prices can't be beat either. I would go back.
5	I showed up around 4:30pm on a Wednesday for a mani pedi and had to wait for maybe 5 minutes. I was a little nervous since I had the oldest woman in the salon assigned to me (see someone else's review), but I thought she did just fine. I'll admit I'm not the world's pickiest customer, but the massage chair was awesome, water temperature was perfect, and probably my favorite part - they didn't keep obnoxiously trying to upsell me! If you've every gotten a normal regular non-gel non-acrylic manicure, you probably know what it's like to be asked every few minutes, by a few different people, if you want gel. And it gets annoying quickly having to keep saying what you want and feel like they're not listening and/or disappointed by the answer. The color selection met my needs. She did some callous removal/exfoliation without charging me extra. 5 or 6 days later, the pedicure still looks perfect. The manicure looks predictably beat up since I didn't get gel and I use my hands a lot. I agree with other reviewers that it doesn't look fancy or nice from the outside. And the inside ambiance is definitely not north Scottsdale - it could use a little work. But I paid less for a mani-pedi plus tip than I often pay for just a pedicure before tip, so that makes me a very happy customer :Dp.s. Bring cash. There's a fee to pay with credit/debit.
1	Well if you're looking for speedy service then this is the place for you! I am giving it 1 star because I went on my day off to enjoy myself and get a pedicure there was hardly anyone there when I got there and about 2 mins of my feet being in the water more people came in. The lady that was doing my feet hurried I didn't even have a second to relax the massage and scrub were like 2 seconds. I wasn't there more than 15 mins! I don't know about you but I've always been okay with waiting to get a pedicure because I know when I get mine it will be worth it I guess this place just isn't like that.
