4	Nice sports bar... not all of the seats allow good angles of the game but it still not a bad place to watch a game... the food is desent... i would stick to the fried stuff and bar food... they have good drink specials and alot of TVs...  Had a few too many wasted nights in this place...
4	After work place for a beer (decent number of drafts) and some bar grub.  Had some fairly decent Mahi tacos.  Service was good, which should be expected but is above par for the area.    Lots of TVs.  Way off topic but not used to hearing about pigeons, reminds me of that rap song that was a take on Scrubs... a pigeon is a girl who be walking by...
4	Good old Stool Pigeons.  This is THE place to be for football Sundays.  There is cheap draft beer and a multitude of TVs to watch.Be aware that on days when the Panthers play at home (8 blocks away) you need to get there early to get a good seat (in this case, front row of tables is best) and know that the bar will be slammed for the later games.During the week, it is pretty quiet for the most part, but that can be okay too.  They do a pretty good job of keeping the Golden Tee game up to date which is nice.
4	Okay, so after a day full of moving and unpacking boxes we were ready for a beer and some food. We walked a couple of blocks up from our apartment building and found Stool Pigeons. We had every intention of ordering to go, but we sat down at the bar to look at the menu and got way too comfortable. The place is an upscale sports bar with ample TV's and lots of good beers on tap. I ordered the Mahi pita, which came with mango salsa and pico de gallo on it. I thought it was a high risk maneuver since you never know with fish, but it was excellent. My fiancee ordered the buffalo chicken wrap which he enjoyed, and when he asked for blue cheese the bartender immediately knew we were New Yorkers (I didn't know it was a NY thing?) We ate at the bar and the service was great. When we first sat down I realized that I left my ID in our apartment and I (understandably) couldn't be served. The bartender was very apologetic, and even got me a water to sip on while my fiancee ran back to the apartment to get my ID (come on, you didn't think I'd let him drink alone, right?) When the bill came the bartender actually bought us a round and discounted our food, he was really cool. He also gave us to free popcorn tickets to see Batman at the Imax! And I didn't even mention Yelp! ;) We will definitely be visiting Stool Pigeon again.
4	One of my favorite sports bars in Charlotte.  TThis is a great place to watch any of your favorite sporting events.  Here are a few things I like about it.- They have enough TVs and channels to suit your tastes for any sport.- The food is pretty cheap and very good (~ $10 or less for food per person).  Try the nachos or any of the Giant Pita's and you won't be disappointed.- Plenty of seating for large or small groups- They have a few arcade games in the back- Full bar with a lot of selection and they have a drink/beer special every day of the week- They have a young and fun crowd
3	I would consider Stool Pigeons a sports bar, with a large crowd cheering away on gameday (along with apparently being Ohio State's game viewing bar of choice). There are plenty of tvs throughout, along with a couple in need of replacement on the outside patio. The inside viewing is pretty easy from anywhere in the bar, but finding a seat can prove to be difficult. The bar area lines one side of the place so there are plenty of spaces to work your way up to the bar to order. The beer selection on tap is extensive & they have a very good selection of higher end beers (Red Oak, Blue Moon, etc.) I've really only experienced the nightlife here, so I can't really critique the food other than saying the finger food I've snacked on is pretty tasty. The chicken quesadillas were good, but I'm anything probably would have tasted great at the time. Other than that, I haven't experienced much in the food department but the place is always packed with people eating away, so that has to be a good sign for the taste aspect.Stool Pigeons is a good place to watch a game, with a loud crowd cheering away after every play, to the abundance of good viewing angles & tvs. The atmosphere is pretty live during the nightlife, & make sure you check out their unique fans along the bar, which I'd probably butcher trying to explain.
4	Maybe it's because I watched my Giants win the Superbowl while slugging Miller Lites there, but Stool Pigeons is a great Sports Bar. The best--for that reason. It's obviously quieter on Monday-Thurs nights (unless there's a big game on, like MLB playoffs, Monday Football, etc), but there's still normally a decent amount of regulars having evening cocktails and grub. On Friday nights, especially after 8pm, it's pretty packed, and you prob shouldn't expect a table if you're sauntering in casually on a Saturday or Sunday during football season. It's packed with sports fans, some of whom are no doubt pretty hammered. The food's good, not great. Try the fries and the buffalo chicken wrap. Everything else is so-so. The drinks, however, are top-notch, and the beer selection deep. And let's be honest--that's why you're here, not because you're looking for an amazing meal. If its sports and booze you love, and a fun/wild/loud/involved atmosphere you desire, then you've found your Mecca. I like to go on random nights, so if you and yours are looking to do some carousing, stop by on  a Tuesday to watch whatever game is on. After a few beers, you'll be really glad you did.
4	It can get really crowded on game days, but it's a fun venue to hang out and watch games. Weeknights are better than weekends, when all of uptown is kind of a mess, but it's a safe spot for a good night out regardless of the crowd. Since they get so slammed, the servers are pretty competent at handling overwhelm. They've got pretty good drink specials every night, and the menu is diverse for a sports bar. The drunken cheddar dip is pretty exciting. It's an easy walk from anywhere else uptown, so it's a good place to start or finish a night of moving from bar to bar. They serve food until late-night, so get your grease-intake to fight off tomorrow's hangover before cabbing it home.
4	When Im in the mood for bar food I pop in for a beer and their buffalo chicken wrap and pretty decent chili Yum!  They also do full menu takeout for when you don't feel like the bar scene...
5	Okay, I have to give this 5 stars because my sister is friends with the waitresses, and they are really awesome.  It definitely gets crazy on game days, so COME EARLY!  Like if it's a big game, come hours early.  I walked in an hour before one of the ACC tournament games and the bar was packed 3 deep and all the tables were overcrowded.  Being one of the awesome waitresses I knew, one of the girls put two seats in the middle of the room and brought me and my friend drinks during the game.  That is how nice they are if they know you; and it's easy to get to know these people.  The food here is good too.  It's good bar food that I really don't mind recommending to people.  I brought my friend here for his first sliders, and he still talks about how he has to go get them all the time.  I really like their buffalo chicken wrap because it's spicy! My other friend said it was too hot for him, so if you like it mild don't get it!Another huge plus for this bar is that even though it's in downtown and people smoke like crazy, the huge fan above helps cut the smoke down dramatically.  You can't escape the smoke all together probably, but it makes it way better with the fans!
5	Another great drinking hole!  Food was good and so were the staff!  Good weekly drink specials and they are about to start Team Trivia on Wednesday Nights!!!
4	Went here for the first time to watch my Tarheels get the crap kicked out of them by Duke.  Though the game was horrible, the bar was great!  Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.  The staff was attentive and helpful, the people were friendly and personable, and I was very pleased.  Will definitely be going back for the next big game!
5	Ok.. I have looked back on my history of reviews and noticed that the majority of my reviews have been very positive.  Which was rather surprising to me because I have had many people tell me that I am very critical.  WELP... SORRY but this place ROCKS.. $2 bud lights every single day. Cha Ching.  TVs all over the place for NFL Sundays.  Cha cha Ching.  ACC flags (UMD!!) hanging up.  CHA CHA CHING.  Best fried pickles in the city!! JACKPOT.  They also have BUCK HUNTER - Safari (greatest bar game ever)!!  JACKPOT CHA CHING DING A LING..  Ok.. so I really like this place.  The service is great! The outside patio is so comfortable with waiting service too.  Great burgers!  Man.. Im going back.. Please try this place out.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	This is a great place to watch the games.  There is a wall of tvs that shows all the games - legit.  One of the tvs is projection type, and massive.  The food is typical bar fare - although their version of the cobb salad is awesome (Yes, I ordered a salad here - but that's because I mauled a pizza from libretto's the night before - my stomach was not agreeing with me!).Seriously, nothing wrong with coming here on a Sunday to catch all the games.  Plus, there is a wide variety of fans here, so you won't be stared at.
2	Okay, it's a 2 star trending 3 stars in my mind. I went there before a Bobcats game with some friends. We were the only people in the entire place. It was kind of nice, but a little bizarre, as we'd expect atleast somebody else there, but to no avail, we were alone.They have some good stuff going for them: Practically TV's for wallpaper, half price apps (yeah and it's better than that Applebee's garbage), a solid location, and a pretty large bar.Just wish they had more people going in and out, but hey, faster service for me.
4	Good cheap bar food, they often do half price appetizers. Beer is cheap, atmosphere is good. Inside there are heaps of tables and booths, and for nicer days there is a small patio out the front.This is a decent chain bar that almost feels like a local.
3	Nice antiquey (if thats a word) atmosphere, tons of tv's and a huge bar.  Would visit again!
2	So I think this place might be better as a bar than a restaurant, and in that case I guess it was just a bit too bad that we went to the place for dinner.Not that the food was bad, mind you.  It was just meh.  Hence the meh review.  Anyway the problem was the same across the board - dryness.We started with chicken nachos.  Chicken was a bit dry.  Not enough gooey cheesy saucy mess.  I guess likeable for those who really just want chips.  We asked for extra salsa (and were charged I believe 50 cents extra for each tiny tub, woof!) to make it more pleasing.  Most of us got sandwiches, which sounded really good on the menu.  And in fact my philly style chicken sandwich was tasty enough... as long as I bit into a part that had cheese on it.  It was grilled chicken, peppers, carmelized onions and provolone on a bun.  But again, it was just a bit on the dry side, and there wasn't enough cheese on it to mask that.  One of my tablemates asked if she could get a dipped sandwich - the waitress seemed confused, so I guess they don't do that so much down here, but for anyone else who is confused that's dipping the whole sandwich into whatever juicy drippings came off of the meat on the sandwich.  Now that would have been an improvement.  Dipping is a bit much for some folks, but it would help the drought issue with this place.Bar prices were reasonable I thnk, so maybe come here to wet your whistle but think twice before ordering any food that should be served juicy.
4	If you are into happy hours and/or lunch specials at bars on random weekdays, this place is THE BOMB. Here's why:Monday: 2.25 bud lights 4 dollars Smirnoff 4.99 lunch- double cheeseburgerTuesday: 2 well liquors 2 dollar drafts, $1 TACOSWednesday: Trivia night, 2.25 bud lights, 2 wells4.99 lunch- pepperoni pizzaThursday: lady nights, $4 sangrias4.99 lunch- buffalo chicken sandwichFriday: 22oz beer price of pint4.99 lunch- 1-topping pizzaLunch: 11AM-4PMHappy Hour: 4-8PM, appetizers are HALF OFF.This place is a win if you go on the right day. The food isn't phenomenal, but it's definitely worth the $. Eat on!
1	Maybe it's because I went on a Thursday with colleagues, but apparently it's R&B night or Jazz night or something.  They play some old school CDs really loud so it's hard to maintain a decent conversation.  On top of that, it's old school CDs bc the music would skip.  We asked them to turn it down (off) and their response was: It's R&B night.  Uh, so who cares? Literally, there was us and 2 old cougars sitting at the bar - that's about it. Note: We were not sitting with these cougars, but the amount of times they were looking over at our table, I thought it was feeding time - feeling like a piece of meat, sheesh!  Hardly a R&B night if you ask me!  Beers were fine, I liked the multitude of screens.  But it's so dead on Thursday bc of Jazz Night!  Just giving them a heads up, let's trash that idea, yeah? :)  Lol, 2 other corporate dudes walked in, was looking around, saw cougars + music skipping and peaced out.  We totally should have done that.dmo out.
1	Ugh! The worst food ever. Who serves a shrimp taco with cheese? There was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal. The "Manager" was unwilling to comp my meal...they took a measly $3 off. The waitress asked what "side" i wanted and i chose a salad...we were charged for the side when my meal "came with a side". Plus they didn't have the correct vodka for a drink listed on their drink list and they charged us for the more expensive substitute! Hands down, NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR MONEY!! Slow service (even though we were the ONLY customers in place). And let us not forget the worst restrooms ever. For a place with NO customers other than ourselves, the handicap stall was disgusting. Toilet clogged, the sinks haven't seen cleanser in quite some time. Don't waste your time or money!
3	Came here for lunch and we saw a waitress go by with a couple of huge pizzas and we asked what it was and she told us that it was the special: personal pizza with one topping for $4.99. When our waitress came over, we all ordered our own pizza. At that price, you can't go wrong! Our waitress was friendly and attentive, but the pizza took an awful long time to come out. We must have waited for about 30 minutes before the food finally came to our table. But once it came, we ate happily and no one could finish their whole pizza. Definitely worth the money if you have the time to wait.
2	If you live nearby and are looking for a casual sports bar to watch games and drink beer, Stool Pigeons is fair enough for just that. But beyond that, total Meh. The food is not very special at all. It's mainly fried, greasy traditional bar choices and the service can be good depending on which server or bartender you get. The customer service in general is not great and I've heard several people say this. As Anish said, the bar is good for happy hour after work because you can literally drink and eat for super cheap. Each day they also have a $4.99 lunch special. Most people who eat here during lunch only order the lunch special.. so that should tell you something about the quality of the food there.They do have a lot of TV's and it still gets a decent crowd during football games... but it is definitely NOT what it  used to be back in the day. (Disclosure: I used to work here but this is still my honest opinion. I've held back some of my thoughts here actually.)Bonus: they have a TON of good beer on draft. It's probably about 20-25 beers on tap and they change quite often. If you catch them on a special draft night then SCORE if you're a beer lover!! They also have a fun little patio and it's prime location for people watching too.
3	Stool pigeons is a straight up middle-of-the-road sports bar for me. I find nothing whatsoever offensive about it, and yet nothing totally standout either. (Well, except  the Hot Italian Beef sandwich is pretty standout if you're in the mood for that kind of meat and cheese monster )Don't quite get all the complaints about service? I've never had an issue with service here and have been during lunch when it can be quiet and  during high-profile football games when it is packed.Typically, I sit at the bar and find the bartenders competent but not overly cloying.In short, it is what it is - a downtown sports bar, with sports bar food, drink specials and lots of TV screens.  And I don't have an issue with any of that.
3	Stool Pigeons is the definition of a mediocre sports bar. It's a bit dirty, but the food is okay. I liked the cheese dip, but the burger was just a burger. Other than that, nothing is particularly memorable.
1	Disclosure: This review is based on St. Patrick's day bar crawl. So most places weren't on their A game for being slammed, but then again they still get one star even with that consideration.So what went wrong?Tables weren't being bussed, so we bussedMenus were sticky from spilled beerTook 15 minutes to order drinks then 15 more to get drinks and order foodFood took 2+ hoursAppetizers came with the food, not before, making the wait even more agonizingTater-tot nachos had very few chips and not much cheese, mostly iceberg lettuceBurgers apparently only cooked well doneBurgers also come with toast in lieu of a real bunSeparate checks are too much work, so we split the table 8 waysI have to stop, the more I go the higher my blood pressure gets. It was really awful that day, I wish I had just gone to Five Guys and been done with it (I ended up going later). Get your shit together. Oh and I still tipped the waitress, most of that stuff was the kitchen. Should always tip cause they don't really get paid by the restaurant.
