1	Hello you, it's me again. I went slummin' big time today over in Monona.  I decided to stop and get myself some good ol' Taco John's fast food.  They call their food "West-Mex," instead of "Tex-Mex."  So..........so clever, I get the shivers.  I pulled up to the drive thru and ordered a #6 grilled chicken burrito combo.  The eager beaver on the other side screamed at me "CHICKEN OR BEEF??"  Before I could answer she screamed it again "CHICKEN OR BEEF!!!!!!!!!"  I admit, I was irked by this, but I let it slide because I'm just good natured like that.  You know how I roll.However, when I got the window a girl, perhaps late teens, early twenties, glared at me while I handed her the money.  She took the money and then slammed the window shut so hard it actually bounced back open a little ways.  After waiting for at least 5 minutes, she opened the window again and thrust a bag at me, and then again slammed the window shut.  I looked in the bag and saw two beef tacos.  WTF?  I ordered #6 grilled chicken burrito beeeeotch.  My jolly good nature was quickly flying out the window.  Despite her "I hate you and want you to die" attitude I decided to cut the kid some slack.  Retail is hard, working fast food is harder.  So I looked earnestly at the window until she opened it again and glared at me.  "This is the wrong order," I said quite kindly.  Then she looked at me like Bon Qui Qui from King Burger on MAD TV and said "oh hellllllll noooo!"  She grabbed the bag and slammed the window shut again.  I waited another five minutes, hoping she wasn't in the back making up my burrito with a side of steaming terd to go.  She flung open the window again and said "What!!  What did you order!!?!?!"  At this point I had lost my patience, and I hulked out.  "ARE YOU KIDDING ME??  I ORDERED A #6!"    This did not phase her.  She just slammed the window shut again.I considered ramming my car into the building repeatedly until they gave me my burrito.  I also considered tying her to my bumper by the hair and then speeding away.  But no, friends, I did not go postal.  I just stared at the reflective window and daydreamed about her falling into the deep fryer.Just then she opened the window and thrust another bag at me.  I took it, and as I looked up at her once more, it seemed like slow motion.  The word F*CK slowly bellowed out from her festering mouth.  Stunned, I looked down into the bag to see that the order was finally right, so I looked back up at her as she was for the last time violently slamming the window shut and yelled "YOU DESERVE THE EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH AWARD!!!"  Then I drove away.After this lovely exchange between two well-mannered ladies, like afternoon tea in the sun garden in our frou-frou garments and wide brimmed hats, I promptly dropped my burrito on the floorboard of my car rendering it inedible, (at least to me), and alas I will never know what that steaming terd burrito tasted like.
1	Don't eat here. I found a yellow finger nail in my soft shell taco. I was eating there so I took it up to the counter to show the manager who acted as though it really wasn't a big deal. In fact he offered to refund me for the taco, not the meal I bought, just the taco. Um..... Thanks but no thanks. I've never eaten  there since. What made me even more mad was I wrote a letter to the owner regarding the situation and never heard a response. Very poor professionalism.....not even an apology!!!! It's too bad I loved taco johns.
1	Waste of my 3 dollars for a plain breakfast burrito
3	Taco John's is far from being authentic or gourmet, but for a fast-food gringo taco chain I really don't think it's too bad. It seems to be something like what people say Taco Bell was in the '70s and '80s: greasy and filling without being too artificial-tasting.I didn't really find the place to be especially dirty, or the server to be any less polite than I'd have expected. I guess the table-service aspect could be making people pay more attention to politeness/impoliteness than they would otherwise.
5	super potato oles were good. love the salsa bar!
5	The staff was friendly, the food was good (for fast food) and the place was clean... I will be coming here again soon!
5	My wife and I had breakfast here for the first time and were pleasantly surprised. Our burritos were very good (really liked that the veggies were crisp-tender and not just mush), the service was attentive and friendly, and the restaurant was quite clean.   I've always liked their salsa bar and it was kept well-stocked. We'll be back!
3	Potato oles + side of sour cream = heaven. The employees at this location are always nice to me and are so darn happy and service is pretty quick. I stay away from the beef taco, they are very greasy and just a weird texture with the meat, maybe it's just me though ;) They have specials throughout the week that change daily, they throw a flier in your bag usually.
5	Love, love, love Taco Johns.  I'm definitely a frequent buyer.  Taco, burritos, oles - oh my! Way better than Taco Bell.   If you want a quick and delicious meal stop by.
2	Oh, Taco John's...what did I ever do to wrong you so?I thought you and me were close, TJ--I mean, back when I was in high school, you were the mad shizz! I always repped you to the heathens who thought running to the border to ring bells was better than your food. Quesadilla--I hardly know her!But now, now...now you are buy a paltry shade of your former self. Did you get taco cancer and are wasting away from the inside?  What happened to making the goodness I used to know?  Once, TJ--you and me were tight.  We were bros.  We had each others' back.  Now, you're more concerned with half-heartedly throwing me some frozen crap that's been deep fried and drowned in sauce with some brown, wilty lettuce and lifeless tomatoes.  What up with that, TJ?  Is that how you treat your boy now?I thought I knew you, man.  I thought I knew you.
