5	Authentic, comfortable bar, with Victorian mahogany gantry; nice selection of beers and spirits, and great atmosphere.
4	The best aspect of The John Leslie pub, for me, has the be the staff.  They are extremely approachable, friendly and open besides serving you great pints quickly.  The decor also contemporary, yet still manages to retain that feel of a traditional, old pub.  The clinetele are almost all locals and they seem a friendly and eclectic bunch.  This isn't a standard boozer with fruit machines and gassy, frothy pints of cheap lager, but a proper pub with a good atmosphere and a great range of alcohol. They have a wide range of real ales and beers as well as a decent selection of spirits, including specialist whiskeys from the Highlands.  This a good pub with a hearty atmosphere - well worth a visit.
4	One of my favourite pubs and also my local. Good selection of beers including real ales. Redecorated in the past couple of years, it has kept it's traditional style decor. One slight niggle is that many of the clientele congregate at the bar - but a minor issue. Worth a visit if you are in Edinburgh.
4	Great beers on tap. Very nice decor. An incredibly friendly owner. I loved it. Definitely caters to an older crowd, but I don't see how that's a negative.
4	The John Leslie has been around since 1896 and it's a gorgeous place, with ornate wood carving everywhere. It's very much a 'local', filled with older couples and guys on their own. And its own peculiar quirk is the saloon bar where ladies were served - it only has little hatchways through to the main bar and apparently these used to be closed with curtains.It's a gorgeous bar, well worth visiting for a look and a pint of real ale.
4	An unpretentious and welcoming pub, serving a number of real ales and staple grub such as pies. Pop in to catch the rugby on the tv or just for a relaxing session in pleasant surroundings.
4	Having explored the premises further it's clear this is one of the city's great untouched bars & that it also has some of the friendliest bar staff and characterful customers to boot. Simply a great place to go for an ale.
5	A free-house heritage pub in the heart of Southside, serving a wide and ever-changing selection of hand-picked ales and beers, as well as an extensive whisky and gin collection to sample. The Edwardian mirrored wooden bar with discrete hatches on the lounge side is an architectural treasure. Owners Ian and Elaine are welcoming hosts, make a mean Bloody Mary, and as a bonus dogs are welcome.
