4	This is a wonderful, little farmer's market in upscale Stockbridge and the market matches its surroundings. Not far from New Town, Stockbridge feels quaint and distant from the hustle and bustle of the city shopping. The farmer's market is situated next to the picturesque Water of Leith river and consists of 20+ stalls with pretty yellow awnings. The stalls range from high-quality meats and cheeses to beautiful, handmade pottery and cheese-making kits. There are few vegetables from what we saw and it isn't a place I would do regular food shopping, but they have some nice prepared foods and soups for lunch. It is a fun place to stroll and peruse the offerings.
3	Is there rain or shineNice little farmers marketSometimes hit or miss
5	The best kinds of markets are those where you roam around like an excited four year old and wanting to spend your month's wages on really cool things that you don't need, will probably go off but you get so carried away with the very idea of the culinary magnificence that you create that you end up going just haywire...phewPanting, you walk away with a carrier bag full of rhubarb, more sage than you have ever used in your lifetime, a cheese making kit, and a head full of ideas without fully connecting up the fact all you can make is some herby cheese stuffed rhubarb with your gains. In fact, the rhubarb and sage will have gone off while you wait for the mozzarella to cure/ferment/whatever you call cheese brewing.Love Stockbridge Market, it makes me giddy with culinary delight.
4	This is a wee market, but the options available are fantastic. I make a mission of going to Stockbridge every couple of weeks to escape the student crowd, take a walk, and buy some good food. If I have time, I also walk along the river to the modern art museum after feasting.Let's take a look at some of the regular stalls:-Cuckoos cupcake-well known to be the best cupcakes in town, this company is fantastic because the staff are lovely, the baking is very creative, and the cupcakes are absolutely stunning.  I have only tried the white chocolate raspberry flavour, which was really delicious and the ratio of buttercream to sponge (which was very light, by the way) was perfect. They also offer a gluten free carrot cake, which I am yet to try, as it keeps selling out really quickly. -Ziggy's raw food-raw puddings, salads, pizza, dips, did I mention it was raw? Try the raw cheesecake, it's delicious and very nutritious.-The olive store (not sure what it's called)-lovely olives and marinated vegetables which you can; unfortunately the price for actually buying is quite extortionate, though it's nice to have this as an option.-Au gourmand Edinburgh-fresh French bread, croissants, pains au raisin, and other exciting pastries which you may miss from your holidays.-cheese man-the famous cheese man who parks up in the meadows every Saturday now hits Stockbridge on Sundays. He imports some really delicious/smelly cheese from France, including some delicious goats cheeses. He also offers French pastries and macaroons, which are amongst the best in Edinburgh.Japanese stall-again, not sure of the name, sorry, but this stall offers delicious sushi (I tried the vegetarian one), miso soup and freshly prepared wok fried noodles.Artisan coffee-there is often an artisan stall, complete with a marque and a Volkswagen campervan  parked up.  Enjoy quality coffee, good cake, and take the beans home if you fancy.There's also an interesting looking Indian stall which I am yet to try, quite a few dairy and meat options and a few crafts. I would recommend using this as a base to explore Stockbridge! There are many other exciting shops/bars in this very cool area, besides a good range of well-stocked charity shops.
3	This is a great market for a Sunday. Eventhough (as mentioned in other reviews) you wouldn't go here for your daily supply of groceries you can pick up some great local produce. I thoroughly enjoy just strolling through this market on a Sunday afternoon. The buzz, the buskers, the banter and the products are all well worth the experience. We have bought breads, meats and coffee on several occasions. None did disappoint neither wowed. Yes, you pay a little more for the privilege, but it is not surprising for the quality and local source produce on offer. Why only 3 stars? Well it is a small market and not many product being offered are for me.
5	It must be said, the initial draw was down to Steampunk coffee, which I tracked down to a "stall" at Stockbridge Market ... and by stall I mean decked out, super-caffeinated VW Combi!  SO, this must be your 1st port of call when you arrive ... Delicious array of edible delights... take cash, and lots of it if you are venturing there on an empty stomach!  I am a sucker for small businesses, and will buy 20 venison pies if I like the stall owner! The ultimate consumer!I tend to go a few times a month now, and enjoy it as much with a group of friends as alone - I am a semi-pro people watcher...... I'm not going to give too much away about what's there - it's one of those places that you each get something else out of it ... just keep your afternoon clear!
2	I'm seriously torn by Stockbridge market because, in and of itself, it's perfectly nice. It has lots of nice fast food stalls staffed by very friendly people, where you can pick up a bite to eat and a coffee and generally pass a pleasant half hour. At the same time, even in comparison to Edinburgh's other markets, it all feels a bit twee. This is definitely not somewhere you'd come to get groceries (even posh ones) - it's more like a slightly self-satisfied food court.If I'm in Stockbridge and hungry when it's on, I'll probably pop in for a tub of the (admittedly lovely) paella, but it's not something I'd go out of my way for.
4	Castle Terrace Farmers' Market seems to be the first word when it comes to Farmers' Markets in and around Edinburgh but personally, I much prefer Stockbridge's effort.For a start it's in the beautiful 'village-y' Stockbridge and surrounded by an array of excellent shops, bars and restaurants. Secondly, it has an eclectic mix of cuisine available to 'eat in' or take-away. Ranging from Curry to Paella or Japanese. It also offers more than just food. You'll find handicrafts, charity stalls, jewellery, antique curios and even gourmet dog treats!Thirdly, it has a great atmosphere. Traders are passionate about their products and there is always a friendly buzz around the market.But most impressive of all is the quality of the produce available. It's an outlet for independent sellers and everything is either fresh, locally sourced, ethical, handmade ect.It offers a great opportunity to buy superior products at greater value than you'll get in a supermarket and supports local business' at the same time. Everyone's a winner.
4	If you're looking for a large farmer's market that basically looks as if your local grocer's has spilled onto the street, it'd be best to find another.  If you're looking for a small, intimate, market with fresh EVERYTHING where afterwards you can spend a lovely afternoon walking around Stockbridge, come here!I can't remember the name of the stall, but I got wonderfully fresh homemade pasta and sauce, a myriad of fresh veg, and of course a tasty treat for after dinner :)
4	I visit Stockbridge Market at least two times a month. I think I am addicted to it! You can find delicious local produce, try great pasta or curry, buy soap loaf, amazing chocolate and much much more. My bag is always full of beautiful olives, olive oil, sourdough bread, venison chorizo and French cheese. If you think you know how cheese taste, try Comte and Beaufort, you may surprise yourself. And all that is in a picturesque location of an old village. This market is a great alternative to supermarkets and make shopping much more enjoyable.
4	This isn't my first time at the grand old stockbridge market, oh no!  I've been a few times before and I'm sure I've reviewed it but not sure where the review ended up!But lets get onto the important stuff ... lots of stalls here offering a wide range of goodies from plants to pasta, cupcakes and bread to handmade handbags and cards.Even Steampunk Coffee is here to offer you a very good hot beverage!It's great that this market offers such a wide range of artisian stalls but it does get crowded and gets into a bottle neck at certain stalls that's why i rate it four stars.  Other than that It's fabulous sweetie!
4	As other reviewers have noted, if you're looking for a 'grocery market' then look somewhere else; this is mainly artisan produce and crafts which makes it a) very Stockbridge and b) a great place to visit every few weeks.From whole pheasants to lemon meringue marshmallows and asian curry; this market has a great roster of stalls which always feel fresh.  Most of the producers are rotated meaning you don't get half a dozen stalls selling the same items each week.Only downside in my opinion is the number of dogs and buggies which end up in the very compact space, but apart from that, it's well worth a visit and I'm always happy that it's busy and looks to be doing well.
4	Captivated, delighted, mesmerized, enticed, moonstruck...These are all notions that the thesaurus gave me in place of "charmed". Because at this rate, i'm going to exhaust that word rather quickly in this city.I just moved into the neighbourhood and you WILL find me here every Sunday, shimmying with excitement through the stalls. It's so nice to walk out ones door and return an hour later with a bag stuffed full of great local finds. From baking, to produce, fish and meat - it's a one stop, local shopapalooza. In the cutest way imaginable.The true test of a good market? If you found yourself hosting a last minute dinner party on a Sunday night and had but thirty minutes to get all the fixins' to blow your guests minds - could you do it here? Survey says: yes, and then some. Heck, you could have a snack yourself and a coffee while you're at it - dinner party planning is hard work after all.From starting charcuterie nibbles, to great cuts of steak and a nice, fluffy dessert to finish you off - this place is a dinner party ninja in the making. Pro tip? Get little jars of fresh honey or jam for your guests to take home. It's a scientific fact, that everyone is impressed by artisan jam.Plus, i'm tickled that this is hosted year round.So yet again, i'm bewitched, enraptured, enticed and beguiled by another little gem in Edinburgh. Keep it up city... you'll never get rid of me now.
