1	i have been here twice and both times i have been extremely dissappointed. the last time i ask for my money back and they refused. i asked to have the owner call me and they never did. the food was fried in old rancid oil and tasted so horridible that i couldnt even eat it. i will never eat here again.
1	One of the worst KFC's in the country.  We buy a lot of their cole slaw and every time the container is never full.  Missing about one serving in the large serving (We take out all the time).  The chicken is too greasy and the last time I was there I ordered a 6 piece bucket and got 2 legs, 2 thighs one breast and some piece I could not ID.  Too it back the next day and the counter person could not ID it either.  The manager came out and said it was another thigh that got flatten in the cooker.   Why would someone serve a piece of chicken that looked like road kill?   Plus 5 pieces of dark meat and one white.   I was to get two white and 4 dark, menu does not state the mix.  This has happen every time I order a bucket and not one person will tell you what they are doing until it is too late.  They run out of certain pieces and substitute other items with asking your opinion.   We are moving and I hope the KFC in Sun Lakes is better.  Bring the chicken back from one in the valley and by pass this one.  By the way, 90% of the time we get short changed on the cole slaw and this is the only one which we get shorted on.
3	I came here to try the all-you-can-eat buffet, which offers most of the stuff you find in a regular KFC menu: regular fried as well as roasted chicken,  and sides such as mashed potatoes, green beans, stuffing, and gravy. You have to go to the counter to get extra-crispy chicken, which is included in the buffet. I found the food to be just OK, not great. I wouldn't mind eating here again when I go back to Maricopa, but it wouldn't be my first choice among the dining establishments there.
4	= = = = = =  KFC DAILY BUFFET!  = = = = = =Yay, it's a new Buffet to try!  So Mike C. & I whipped down here today for lunch.  The Buffet consisted of 32 food items, plus sauces and dressings.  There were various salad items, good cottage cheese, mashed potatoes & gravy, tasty macaroni & cheese, various hot veggies, Chicken Pot Pie, Original Fried Chicken, plus Crispy,  another seasoned variety that was good and not breaded, plus Buffalo Wings and then an array of desserts!This was a GOOD LUNCH BUFFET, these 1 Star reviews here notwithstanding!     :-))$7.99/$6.99 Sr. including help-yourself beverages.
1	There's feces all over the bathroom. Used toilet paper all over the floor. When I say there is crap all over the place, there is no euphemism or exaggeration in the least bit.Nothing was done when reported, no urgency to clean the fecal matter all over the place.
1	Well, I just didn't believe it! i read the reviews, should have stayed away... But Its KFC how could they mess it up... Well folks, yes they did, and the review about mystery parts, was so correct. Maybe this only happens on take out orders,  cause most of us don't feel like turning around and going back in. Out of a 10 piece bucket 4 were id' to be dark meat, the rest was 2 breast , cut up in 4 different pieces.  , and other 2 various pieces of thighs, cut in half. Wow, I am so shocked and appalled, I will be telling everyone, I know, and please people  who are visiting please past this KFC by.Do not stop, you have been warned.
1	Yesterday, my husband patronized the Maricopa KFC for, what other than, fried chicken. Upon ordering, he was told to wait 15 minutes because they didn't have chicken ready - he was the only one in line and it was 5:00 pm. He said okay, and asked for a jug of Ice Tea (as per the advertisement), they said they didn't have it. No Ice Tea?  While waiting my husband purchased drinks at Sonic, then upon his return he received his order of chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy and coleslaw. .. .and a complementary ice tea. Really? The chicken and mashed potatoes were great, the coleslaw, however, had gone bad. My husband spent the night sick. ... not good. I don't think the manager of this particular KFC is realistic about the feedback he's getting. The service is bad. The food was bad.
2	Never fails that every drive-thru trip to KFC/LJS they will screw it up.On one occasion I asked for drumsticks and fish at the drive thru and was told they had neither of those.  Well, you are a CHICKEN place (KFC) and a FISH place (LJS) and you don't have chicken or fish?????  It's always messed up orders, forgetting things in the order, messing up the meals, etc.  If this only happened once or twice I would just write it off as a mistake (since we all make them), however it seems to be every single time we go there.Honestly, the chicken at Fry's is better.
1	We love KFC but this one needs to be shut down or maybe get an adult to run this operation! How do you run out of chicken when that is what you are known for? We have tried to give this place a chance but time after time the chicken is raw, they dont have any at all or you get home from the drive thru to find half your food not there or its wrong completely.  Dont waste your time or money at this location. The owner needs to be onsite to see how poor this operation in being ran after 5pm. A major overhaul is needed in all area's
