1	THIS COMPANY IS A SCAM!!! I am in process of taking legal action against this company. There main website makes it look like they are a legit company with nice car lots but they literally  have trailers on dirt lots in the ghetto fenced in barbed wire with no doors and shady looking people who work there. They illegally towed my vehicle in the middle of the night because my car was parked backed in at the apartment complex where I live! They basically stole my car! They claim I was in "violation" of my community parking rules at the apartment complex where I live. I was in fact NOT in "violation" and in my lease there is nothing that states residents are subject to be towed based on these violations. When I told this to the Kwik tow trailer trash who was on the phone with me he stated "they could tow my car anytime they want for any reason". We all know that is not true. Of course management where I lived to call to apologize and refunded the $120 it cost to get my car out. This company needs to be stopped they are scamming people left and right. If you ever have any issues with this company Kwik Tow file a complaint with the BBB under Kwik towing and impounds.
1	Kwik tow orange stickered my car because my tags were stolen and I was unaware.  To park in the amazing covered parking you must pass the inspection of Tow Nazi's.  We do not even have assigned parking..  we have irregular shaped spots and three are blocked by a massive storage unit that has been in the road for months now.  I was not aware.  My mail is jacked up because the apartment I live in used to be the office.  The USPS needs a reminder every few months I do exist and reside where my mall claims.  I had not received my debit card at home and it is was sent directly to the bank after many repeated requests.  Well guess what to get my debit card sent to the bank my mailing and billing address changed.  This caused my debit card to decline for my new tags because I had no idea my address changed.  So I move my car out to the street on public property or of the reach of KwikTow.  In the meantime I get a note from good Samaritan that the police made a note of my tag.  I can only speculate but for a cop to get out of his car to look at a specific license plate that was parallel parked between two cars he was told something.  Maybe something by a company that makes money preying on minor traffic violations with impounds.  Seeing the other review I feel for this person and believe every word and how then the best.  KwikTow I will push my car 300 miles before calling you.  You are garbage.
5	Even though the situation was less then favorable, Chase went above and beyond to help make the situation amazing for us!!!! So sweet, and understanding he truly made this not favorable time great! As an employer you should feel blessed to have such a hardworking, passionate, customer service driven young man!!
