5	I can't agree more with Dan. People who work in this affordable Microbrewery (that's probably the hardest word to say for a French-speaking person - I pronounce it brewewy)  are friendly and know their beers! I went yesterday, and after seeing me hesitating for 5 minutes, the waitress brought us 3 sample of different beers she recommended based on our tastes. To make it even better, she was pretty. I ended up with a Rigor Mortis Triple (Rigor Mortis Triple), a rich, sweet and floral brew. Deliciousness.God it was good when we could smoke inside.They also have Quebec cheeses and munchies (such as nachos and things). You can even rent the apartment upstairs if you want to make sure you get back home or that you make the most of the daily changes in the menu: http://www.dieuduciel.com/en/lodging.php The only downer: it gets REALLY loud. Just don't go there for a business meeting, at 7pm on a Thursday... like I did 4 weeks ago.
4	I had some trouble finding this place the first time around, but with the help of a local everything worked out. It was freezing that night that but the warming selection of excellent beers was worth the extra effort. I do wish that I had brushed up on my French skills first, as the majority of the patrons were speaking French.Get there early if you want a seat!
5	The beers from heaven! A must go place in Monteal, where the home brew beers will knock your socks off, and not careful enough your panties!
5	Great microbrew beer and intimate settings make this place a highly original treat for Montreal where Unibroue and Molson typically dominate.  Make sure you have a big meal before hand, the beers are pretty strong!
5	My boyfriend and I are beer snobs...she says with a whiff of pretension.., and proudly proclaim Dieu Du Ciel to be the best brewpub in Montreal, possibly the world. Yeah, world-class beers, convivial atmosphere, and knowledgeable staff....but each element has its own extra oomph that elevates Dieu du Ciel to legendary strata. I can't recommend the place enough.  I confess I've never eaten anything here so I can't comment on the quality of the food, but....who on earth would go for the food?? If its on tap, you'd best make your first order the most amazing black-velvetly stout I've ever had the pleasure of wrapping my tongue around, L'Aphrodisiaque. If you want to pick up some of their brews to go home with, stop at Depanneur Peluso (on sign, Depanneur Boni-Soir) on rue Rachel. Great selection, and believe you me, you'll be wanting to take some of this ungodly delicious beer with you.
5	Great beer made on the premises. Great atmosphere but can be noisy.
3	Great spot. Good drinks and a good crowd. Can't wait to go back there.
5	OK, I'll admit it upfront: I dislike beer, I'm just not a beer kind of gal.BUT having said that, I love coming into Dieu du Ciel and trying their funky beer flavors or honey wine/mead varieties. Hibiscus beer, pepper beer, vanilla stout, it all works for me.This is exactly the sort of place you come to meet your friends and just hang out. Nights are VERY busy and bustle-y and the noise level and music can be deafening at times, but if you're looking for a spot to chill out with a friend over an afternoon or apres-work beer, then this is the spot for you. No attitudes, an older laid-back 30-something crowd, no annoying teens,  decent tunes, great drinks, what's there not to love?
5	I travelled to Montreal last week from NYC on what was my first solo venture in a long, long time. The one great thing about travelling alone is also the biggest problem: every decision is yours. You can do what ever you want but then again there's never a moment when someone says, "Let's do 'X'," and you just go, "OK". So I wandered past Dieu Du Ciel, noticed no real 'bar crowd' as in no one standing at the actual bar. Everyone was already in their group and seated at their table. So I went past. Then I stopped. Then I went back and entered thinking I'd sit there and see what happened.First the bartender was SO helpful and gracious and helped me pick what was to be the first of many beers, an IPA (#2). It was one of the tastiest beers I've ever had and I drink beer and have even brewed my own. From there I sampled one after the other, all delicious, with the coffee stout and the Rigor Mortis as two other standouts. Next thing I knew I'd fallen in with a jovial group of Montrealers who invited me to join them at their table. It was a great night.If you're in Montreal and you like beer, like having a good time, like meeting new people, then Dieu Du Ciel is a must stop.
2	Decent beer but MAJOR attitude to non francophiles..  I tried paying in USD and the waitress acted liked i tried to piss in her mouth...  Get over yourself.
5	Go here - now!  The beers are amazing and varied.  16 of their own beers on draft plus 1 in cask.  Even had a few hard to find American beers on tap (2 from Stone Brewery when I was there).  I got there about 3 or 4 on a Saturday afternoon and there was plenty of room.  I didn't eat or see the menu - but it looked like some light food was being served.
5	What a great brewery!  My fiancee and I took her parents to taste the beers.  Our waitress Julie was so sweet and attentive, taking the time to tell us about the beers, and even bringing complimentary tasters of the beers we had not yet tried.  The atmosphere is down to earth, while every beer was heavenly!Our favorites were the #5 blonde, with a nutty cheesy finish, and #7 which was a white beer, just slightly sour.  All beers were wonderful, though.I wish this place was in brooklyn!!!
5	One of my favorite parts of Montreal was discovering this place! Great local beers on tap, and there seemed to be a secret menu of pizzas, sandwiches, and chips grilled in an oversized toaster oven. Felt like a secret speakeasy pub- my kind of place!
4	I stopped into the Dieu Du Ciel brewpub and enjoyed some delicious beer samples.  I was there on a Saturday night and it was a bit crowded.  The music was loud and everyone conversed at a louder volume to talk over the music, so I was not inclined to want to stay here all night.  I did enjoy the beer very much though.  They do pretty well with the standards:  IPAs, Belgian double, stouts...  They also have a few unique brews.  My favorite was the hibiscus beer, which was delicious, refreshing, and pink!  I also enjoyed the Kolsch, which had a delightful floral aroma.  I opted for the 6 oz. glass option so that I could do more sampling.
5	After visiting the Dieu De Ciel brew-pub in Montreal, a trip to the actual brewery seemed in order.  It did not disappoint!  As with many breweries here, you can order 6 oz samples.  There were selections here that I had not seen in the city, such as the aphrodisiaque, a delicious cocoa and vanilla stout.  The food was quite good as well.  The meal I ordered (chicken fajita) came with salsa that was delicious!  I ate that right up.  The sandwich was tasty as well and quite oniony.  The menu was completely in French, but the bartender spoke English very well.  We were a bit disappointed that they did not give official tours of the brewery, but it was well worth the trip to sample more of their delicious brews and pick up a few six packs to bring home.
3	I went to this brewery when visiting Montreal. So it was one time visit. They have a good variety of beers, there was 14 options to choose of. The beers are served in 4 different sizes. The degustation is the smallest size and a good option if you want to taste different beers.We had pizza, but the nachos with cheese seemed really good as well.The service is quite slow. It took 15 minutes from the order to get the beer. Maybe I'm used to the fast pace of NYC. So, relax and enjoy the music. They have a DJ playing there.
4	We arrived at Dieu Du Ciel sometime round 11:30pm on a Wednesday night.  The place was packed solid; given its reputation, I was not surprised.  However, the chaotic too-many-chairs-and-tables layout for the size of the space made it rather difficult to get around to our own spot, which was a minus in my book.  Also too few, rather overworked staff for the size of the crowd.On to the beer, which was the whole point:  full and half-pints are available.  I had the Rigor Mortis ABT (a quadrupel), Bridget got the Rigor Mortis blonde.  The ABT had a thick, stout-like head and wonderfully dark color,  with strong, complex flavor that was anything but textbook and certainly a solidly unique interpretation of the type.  The blonde was a nice, light golden color, some coriander and citrus, and very refreshing.  If memory serves there were about twelve other beers on the chalkboard, and as a nice touch, a second chalkboard by the brewing equipment shows a list of what's in progress.  We were a bit knackered after (this was the capstone of a long day), but had we a bit more energy, we would've taken advantage of the 3AM closing.  I'll be there again no doubt.
5	Real imagination and creativity. Love the Peche Mortel.
5	This place was packed solid on a Saturday afternoon around 5pm. I had never been even though I frequent other Montreal brasseries, so I was really excited to get the chance to try this bar. The atmosphere was great - homey and cozy with a chalkboard menu and wooden walls. There were about 15 beers available, and our waiter was really nice and patient with our English.But the best part - the beers! Oh, the beers. Everything we tried was exceptional. I had a pint of the ginger-blanche first, and then the pink hibiscus flower blanche. We also got the apple blanche and a belgian blonde. All were phenomenal with their own unique flavors and beautiful colors. The glasses were so cool too and showed off the color of the beers. I liked the belgian blonde the best and have been craving it since - I will be back as soon as I can get up to the Mile End!
5	I visited this brewery twice this summer while studying in Montreal.  Best brewery I've ever been to (puts the fantastic Victory in Downingtown, PA to shame).  They have about fifteen of their own beers on tap per day and the selection varies as they brew 40-plus of their own beers.  If you're picky, check their website to see what will be on tap.I tasted nine different beers and, while I liked some better than others, they were all unique and fresh.  (For reference, I like Blue Moon, Magic Hat #9, Sunshine Wheat, Hoegaarden, Victory Sunrise Weissbier.)  My favorite was Paienne--a blond ale that's not too malty, not too hoppy, slightly bitter, and just the right amount of fruity.  I very much enoyed Fumisterie, which can only be described as a smoky weizen, as well.  The prices were great and the pours were generous. The pizzas were delicious: thin-crusted and big enough for two.  The atmosphere here was wonderful--lively and packed to the point of being unable to stretch on a Friday night and a place for quiet tasting on an afternoon.  If you are an Anglophone, learn a few key beer words in French before going since most of the waiters spoke only French (rightfully so) or just pick a number off the menu and see what you get--you won't be disappointed.
5	Hands down one of the best microbreweries I have ever visited. Just all around high-quality brews. The best imperial stout I've tasted (not kidding), a complex American style IPA on cask, and an amazingly balanced quadruple are just a few of the beers on tap. Can't say enough about this place.
5	This place is a "must-stop" for beer lovers. They have a variety of delicious microbrews - my favorite was the Barleywine. The Hibiscus beer is good too. They have a small food menu as well, the pizza is delicious (and only $5) and the nachos looked good too. It gets a little crowded in here, and it's probably because the beer is so good!
5	This place is incredible. Great beers, good food and good music (at a reasonible volume). 17 beers on tap. We ordered samples for $2.25 each. All of the beers were outstanding. Food is more like snacks, but very good. Every town needs a place like this.
5	Perfect first stop last Thursday night after a full day on my business trip.  Stopped in here with a coworker around 5:30 and the place was PACKED, which means it must be good.  I've had a few bottles down in the states and was never disappointed.  We first had the Chaman, Douple IPA that packed a punch but balanced in the backend and not too sweet.  Great one at around 9.1% ABV.  Then scaled down to the Corne du diable, the regular India Pale Ale that was more refreshing and balanced and wish I had first.  Then finally went with the Rosee d'HIbiscus which was a truly tasty and refreshing Wit with solid Hibiscus notes.  Overall probably the best spot to hit if you are in Montreal and in search of craft beer.  The city is buzzing with many great options and it's great to see. Cheers!
4	Dieu Du Ciel puts out some seriously good beer at good prices.  Unfortunately, they do not put out good service.  I've found that their worthless hipster staff will request you to pay for your beer at each serving instead of keeping a tab...and if you don't tip them every time, they simply will not return to your table.  For this reason I want to give them 3 stars...but their beer is soooo good, and I am a fan.The music is ok, it's a standard techno like d.j. in the corner by the bathroom.  The bar is small on the inside, and the music is not overly loud. The scenery is nice, you can see the beer making equipment, but you can't go near it.   They do not serve food, outside of your standard bar fare, like nacho's or nuts.Remember this: If you want good service here, you have to pay for it.
5	Had the pleasure of visiting this establishment first week in July while in town for a conference. Out of all the establishments I was in that week, this was the only one I went to twice.Beer, is spot on. Extremely well crafted staples, and some interesting 'novelty' beers as well. One of their stouts, Aphrodisiac, is still a top favorite on my list. Not traditional perhaps, but damn it was good...The food is quite good. Though they seemed to be out of a lot of ingredients on a Saturday around 6 pm. Menu features things like pizzas, sandwiches, nachos... They apparently make some of their own pickled vegetables. The pickled green beans I had with my grilled cheese was a tasty balance to the heaviness of the sandwich. The grilled cheese was the third item I tried to order.Go early, place turns into standing room only very quickly. Inside appears to be un-airconditioned, suffice it to say that it was hot inside the building when it was busy and this was at night in July. All three of us were sweating, but the beer was cold and good enough to endure! Maybe it was just broken, we didn't ask, but no one offered an explanation.They have a nice little patio area out from, also quite small. The second time we went, we sat outside. As mentioned previously, the staff is generally underwhelming. They do a pretty good job making you feel like you're bothering them. Generally insisting that beers be paid up front, except for their friends.Bathroom was acceptably clean.
4	GREAT beer, but not overly impressed by the service (which is slow) or the decor (which is blah).  I'm only giving them four stars because the beer really IS that good. Check it out.
4	This is a very happening spot, just a half block off of St. Laurent.  Lots of young people, and a few oldsters like us!  Of course, the main draw is the beer, and they featured something like 18 different homemade brews on draft.  It was hard to pick, but they were very accomodating about tasting.  I wussed out and got the standard blond ale, but my hubby went all in on the (very) smoked porter.  There is a small outside sitting area, but they seemed to close that down around midnight.  The indoor area is a little tight & loud, and you have to luck into a table when it's busy, but it's the perfect beer-drinking atmosphere.  Cool place.
4	Great atmosphere (although can get very loud inside) and an extensive selection of beers (and some wines), including some I'd never seen before (black IPA, smoked ale, etc.)Very simple food menu (small pizzas, grilled cheese, paninis, etc.), but a perfect compliment for a few rounds and some good times.  Definitely plan on coming back soon, may with some earplugs or a more quite seating area!
5	Now we know why everyone craft beer lovers raves about their beer.  We did a flight of 12 beers outside there.  We own a restaurant in NY State with almost 200 craft beers on the list.  I sent an email and ordered 4 cases for my restaurant before I we left.  One of my favorites is there American IPA.  When we sat down we told the waitress to have fun and choose for us.  She had no problem making great recommendations.
5	Fantastic bar with a great selection of high quality beers from around the world at surprisingly good prices.The beers change frequently and they're all written down on the chalkboard.  You'll find beers from all over the world here for all types of beer drinkers.  Each type has the Alcohol % written next to it.There are a ton of tables and chairs but the tables can't really fit more than 4 people. Sure, you can pull tables together but the seatings a bit awkward with round tables pushed together.  If you can't find a table, NO PROBLEM!  Everyone's friendly and you can always join another group. :)If you're in the area and in need of a bar, this is THE place to go.
4	cool pub with plenty of beers on tap.. the great thing is you can make up your own flight of beers (6 ounces each).. and the prices are pretty damn reasonable too.. you can definitely make this a lazy afternoon really fun at this place
5	Very loud and crowded place but the staff, the beer, the location and everything else is just great. This place has a great reputation and it deserves it completely.
5	It has been over a year since I visited this fine establishment, but I still remember the nectar of the gods that they serve up here.  They create what is perhaps the best beer that I have ever tasted... and in true micro-brew fashion. And while I may not be able to describe the nuances of the flavor profiles... I like to think that I do know a great beer when I come across one!  And I'd classify every beer that I sampled here on my 2 visits while in Montreal on the north side of great and fantastic...Come thirsty and every chance you get!!! Great bar, great service, with great conversation with the friendly locals.  If you are looking to sample and discuss the beer with the staff then show up early to avoid the crowds.
5	It doesn't matter what night of the week it is, Dieu du Ciel is packed! This is where all the cool kids come to drink and unwind. The beers on tap are always changing and they are written up on the chalkboard, you never know what new brew they are going to have on tap, but there is always something for everyone.They do have snacky food: nachos, grilled cheese, etc. but if you're smart, you will go get a layer of food in you before going to DdC because the food they make is basically all done in this Easy Bake Oven contraption and it arrives burnt 90% of the time; who cares, you are not here for the food, it's all about the best beer in the city!
4	Fun place!  Live DJ playing music but not too loud to talk.  Large and varied selection of in-house brewed beers.  We tried several and all were interesting.  Food menu was small but tasty.  Probably not the best place for dinner but a great place for drinks.
5	AMAZING!!! Go early to get good seating, knowledgeable service and an amazing variety of beers... all of which I had never tasted!
5	Best beer in Montreal. Something for everyone. Menu is great! Seating can be a bit cramped but that is only because people who go there always wind up staying there for the night.
4	Beer wise awesome! This place brews delicious beers and at a modest price. It's almost always crowded here so if you are planning to go during a weekend night you may want to come early to secure a seat. Not good for large groups, no patio area. Very charming, nicely lit. Go for a laid back night with good conversation.
4	My friends and I stumbled upon this gem of a microbrewery just hours after arriving in Montreal, and it was perfect!Great beer list, and everything we tried at my table was excellent. The service was a little slow, but otherwise good. The food menu is limited- we just wanted a snack to tie us over until dinner- but their focus is on beer which they do really well. We got the nachos which were kind of mediocre.I loved the atmosphere. It was crowded, but everyone was having a good time and it kind of added to the fun and laid-back vibe. I would definitely go back for beer, but probably wouldn't order food.
4	Tuesday night? Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel is packed!! A popular hangout places for the young college students.. which give this place a casual vibe.17 Microbrewery Beers on tab... I almost just want to "taste" every single one of them, that would have make decision a lot easier.Luckily, the friendly and knowledgeable bartender helped me narrowed down to 6 of them after asking what I prefer...Always fun to have tasting... especially at such a reasonable price. The question now is "When am I going back to try the rest?"
3	As a Floridian visiting Montreal for a long weekend, I was looking for something to warm me up on cold night. I suppose sitting by the hotel's fireplace would have worked quite nicely, but I prefer to be warmed from the inside out, and beer is the only fuel to my fire. While conducting some pre-trip research, inevitably knowing that beer would at some point be part of the plan, I listed Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel as a place to check out. And check out I did. My friend and I designed a pub crawl for our night's activity and Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel was positioned as our first bar on the list. We hopped on the Metro and luckily this spot is not too far away from the metro stop, although we did have to walk through some neighborhoods and it was not all main streets which can really throw off two girls who don't speak a lick of French. We did finally make it though, but the place was packed to capacity at around 9:30 on this cold Friday night. My friend and I wanted to eat too and Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel just didn't seem to be the right place to start off, so we went elsewhere before returning around 10:30 where the small bar had filled up even more! Now, I am from America where we have pretty strict fire codes and regulations and shit, obviously I don't know the rules in good ol' Canada, but if there were to be some kind of emergency in this place, the world would probably be out about 200 Canadian hipsters, for that place was way over its limit. People were shoved in corners and it was standing room only by the time we got there. The service didn't really suffer for it however. I saw only one waitress working the place in addition to the bar tenders, but she managed really well and seemed to be right on her game. Not being able to read the menu which was posted in french on black boards, the waitress took the time to explain some beers to us and even brought out 2 samples for us to try. The beer menu itself was alright, nothing that blew me away. We both settled on a hibiscus infused pale ale which was pink in color and delightful to the palate and not to forget huge. That was one whopping glass of beer, and for 6$ at that! My friend and I also ordered the nachos. I guess by most standards they were pretty good. By gluttonous American standards, where 10$ back home would get me a damn mountain full of gooey ooey nachos covered in all the good stuff; these nachos were just fair, lacking mostly in the amount of cheese, where a sizable portion of the chips were dry.  Free wifi! woohoo! as was exhibited by the creeper at the bar stools playing on his computer and occupying a much desired seat. Fair prices and accommodating to non-french speakers. Loud and upbeat, I could tell this place is definitely a scene and the place to be when you want a chill night.
5	Awesome pub, friendly staff, beers are all good and big selection. The American IPA on cask was excellent. Smooth with a slight creaminess texture on the palette, unique for an IPA. They also have cider and whiskey for those looking for other options. Never had the food but looks good! Definitely a great place if your in mile end.
5	Tonight, I had a life-changing experience.  I went to Dieu du Ciel for the first time.  Now, given my propensity for drinking new beer and claiming it's a legitimate occupation or even pastime, I'm shocked that I've only just managed to haul my lazy ass up the hill to drink some beer at this establishment.Let me tell you, it's worth it.  The beer is varied and delicious.  The prices are seriously reasonable for a place like that.  Indoor seating isn't overwhelminging loud and outdoor seating is totally manageable and/or fabulous provided that you're not sitting on the tree's lap like I was.  Nevertheless, the beer is lovely.  I've heard the scotch is also wonderful.If you haven't been to Dieu du Ciel, go.  Quit your job, abandon your family, and run to the bar.  That's what I did (well, I don't run, even for beer, so I biked).  Get on that.
5	Must visit for all beer lovers. So many beers on tap, so many delicious beers. They offer smaller sample sizes if you want to try sampling many different types of beers. Montreal is a great city for beer, and it's a shame if you don't get to experience it. Very lively place, good for meeting up with a friend, or just having a couple drinks before heading out for the night. Very reasonably priced as well
4	Cute little cafe with a nice selection of homemade microbrews
5	Our good times were tempered by 1) pregnant woman sipping beer from baby daddy's glass (wtf!$@)(-; 2) man who walked into the restroom with his full beer in hand; 3) bald man that looked like he had a cauliflower as a skull with all the lumps and bumps - ewwww,  and 4) gentleman at the bar sporting a Cliff Huxtable sweater - all very entertaining actually (with the exception of nr 1, that is!) I love to people watch! :-). Beer was good/food decent/service above par.  Loud and fun!!
4	This is totally a place my friends and i would frequent if we lived in Montreal. I was confused by the opening time on saturdays (its 1pm) not 3pm like it is during the week. I had previously had the hibiscus beer at a friends beer brunch last year and was very much a fan so i decided on that to be my first drink. KP sampled 5 beers starting with the IPA and moving onto the coffee stout.The beer list offers lots of options including a raspberry ale which is a little sour.  They offer various sizes for your drinking pleasures but if your unsure of something id suggest trying a  sample the sizes are $2.25 and 4oz. There's plenty of outdoor seating unfortunately none available when we arrive so we sat at a high top table close to the bar. They offer a few snack options including some Quebec cheeses, pretzels and pizzas. Just to have something to hold me over until dinner i got a pretzel with mustard it was pretzel perfection, perfectly crisp on the outside warm and soft on the inside YUM.
4	This is a must-go-to micro brewery.  Rustic interior, vats of brewing beer on display, happy-looking clientele.  Get the Scottish Spices brew, it's truly herb-y in the best possible way.  Then drunkenly wander across the street for fresh, doughy 24-hour Fairmont bagels.
2	My husband and I visited this bar based on BeerAdvocate reviews.  We were here on a Tuesday night.  We sat at the bar since we were just there for drinks.  The beers each of us had were decent, nothing to write home about.  I can't tell you if there were better offerings as we proceeded to sit there with empty glasses as 5 employees stood 10 feet away from us behind the bar having a conversation completely ignoring customers (Note: one of them was the person prepping the food and she was also busy stuffing her face with her bare hands from the sandwich ingredient tubs - yum).  We're not people who are going to shout someone down for service, so we decided to just call it at this place.  We finally had someone ask if we needed anything else and just got the check.  The service here is horrible, the beers were average.  Overrated.
5	My wife and I were on a 5 day trip to Montreal and on our last day there we took a tour of the Lachine Canal Locks. The tour guide Phillip said he lived by Dieu du Ciel and loved the place, he did not even know I was a big craft beer fan.My wife said it was my turn to pick dinner, so it was an easy choice. Done and Done!We stopped by the hotel to change and take a shower and I could feel my salivary glands beginning to get happy. "Oh boy! The best brewpub in Montreal!? How could it be?" We took the metro and walked about a half mile to an unassuming pub with a small deck in front. It was packed when we walked in. Along the wall was a large chalk board with 20 beers that I was told rotate regularly listed with alcohol content.The place seated about 50 people and every table was packed, (They are only open from 3 PM -3 AM, so that is why I missed it the three times we walked by it earlier in the week.) It was weird, by 7, when we left the place was almost empty. I think Montreal citizens have their 2 beers to warm up, and then go to dinner. I ordered the Belgium IPA, not too assertive, just the right amount of "Belgiumy" (Clovey, spicy, lots going on) I then ordered an English IPA. came out in a 2 oz English Pint. Yummy, understated, but flavorful at the same time. Kind of like a strong ESB. good stuff.My last beer was the black IPA, it tasted like a strong Guinness. I could tell the brewer knew their beer. I could taste the love in every sip. The coffee, roasted flavor came through in full force without the nitrogen fizziness. A solid 10 beer.Big glasses (10 Oz) were $6, not bad for Montreal (Which really sucked for beer prices), and for AMAZING beer.I also ordered the tuna panini. I was expecting a gloppy tuna Americanized salad, but it was just tuna from a can, some anchovies (YUM), some spices and warmed. The only drawback for the place was it wasn't toasted well enough, but I really wasn't here for the food. Not bad, not great.My wife got the pretzel, which was small, but she really enjoyed it. Dipped in some spicy mustard, I was happy with my bite.Our waitress was nice and served us just fine, but my wife ordered a second pretzel and she forgot to put the order in. No big deal. She apologized profusely, but we again said, "No problem"It would have been great to have an English menu too, we had to ask the next table over to translate for us. Small problems for the perfect bar.Overall though, best beer bar I have been to in awhile, if not ever. Soooo good.
4	wonderful selection of high quality brews. crazy busy on a friday night, but we still got a table and had great service! best beers in MTL, IMO.
4	Meal: DrinksRationale: We'd had Dieu du Ciel! beer in Toronto, and had no idea it was a brewpub in Montreal. We knew we'd like the beer, so we gave it a shot between brunch and dinner (i.e. a sandwich and more drinks) on the last night we were in Montreal. This was another escape from torrential downpour. So it goes.Food: We got a tray of nachos to snack on (they were just like you might make in your toaster oven at home) but the real star of the show was obviously the beer. Dieu du Ciel! had something like 14 beers on tap. I wanted to try all of them, but I am a lightweight and did not want to die. I know I had the Corne du Diable (American IPA) and the Aphrodisiaque (black ale) - both exactly to my taste. I had one or two more after that but I've forgotten what they were.Service/atmosphere: Very crowded, very loud. I think a lot of people were thinking the same as we were given the weather and that it was Saturday. We scouted what was probably the last table. Service was very attentive. Usually we were able to order our next round so it would arrive just before we finished our previous one. The people at a neighbouring table were annoying, but that's no fault of the establishment.Conclusion: Great beer. Would happily return to try all of them, despite it being a bit crowded (i.e makes Matt anxious).
5	A benchmark brewpub in many ways. The ambiance was Montreal-summer-night perfection, the waitstaff friendly, inviting, and tolerant of my American English. There is something less exciting about going to a brewpub where half of the beers can be bought in the bottle at the next gas station over, but I appreciated trying some things that aren't available elsewhere. The beers were great, the prices fair, and the crowd fun. Invigorating.
5	My boyfriend and I had planned to visit Dieu du Ciel knowing it was going to be great, and it sure was!We were slightly intimated to walk in because it looked so crowded, but luckily there were two open seats at the bar, which really turned out to be great.We tried different beers, our favorite is a toss up between 4 and 15. I assume these change constantly, so that won't really help anyone, sorry!  I loved sitting at the bar. One of the hardest working people is the woman who is preparing the food behind that small bar! She had an amazing system that was fun to watch.We will be back!
5	My husband has been a huge fan of Dieu De Ciel beers and so it was no surprise when we landed here on a Monday evening around 6ish. The place is small but there was enough space to fit a baby stroller! There is also a cute little patio outside. We heard the food wasn't the best here so we just ordered some nachos...they were quite burnt but good enough for a snack. The beers here are fantastic.. something for everyone. I loved the ability to make our own tasting with the small tasting portions. If you love beer. Don't miss this spot. We got kicked out at 9 p.m because of the baby.. apparently babies aren't allowed past 8. We will be back! I loved the aphrodisiac
5	Dieu du Ciel is my favorite brew pub in Montreal. The beer is amazing and there are always different choices of seasonal beers. The place has its own vibe, noisy crowds and good service. If you need a snack try the Quebec cheese and meet platters.
5	Golden liquor of the gods flows from these brass taps.Rendez-vous here before 8pm lest ye be standing.  Regardless of day.  Even with seating for 100.Like Johnson C mentions, this place is super loud when full.  Not club-loud, but close.  Not due to music, just conversation.  Do not go here for an intimate chat.  Menus are on two walls, but not behind the taps.  As you enter, check the left wall (not visible while entering, only after you get inside), and far back wall.Half pints are available (on everything I assume, even the stouts).Table service is pretty frequent, although not very fast for delivery.Beer flights are available for * marked beers on chalkboard.  (Usually four or five brews).Check Dieu's website to see what's on tap that day (updated whenever the menu changes, more or less).  And also for a history of how this brewpub started (in French).
5	This Montreal brewery is the embodiment of what I love about the city itself: cozy, creative, lively, and lacking pretension.  Even though it was a destination for us, it just seemed like a friendly neighborhood hangout.The main draw was the beer which I've only seen at one restaurant in Denver on their reserve list (the Rosee Hibiscus and Rigor Mortis) so it was fun to see the place where the beer is born.I had the Rosee Hibiscus and the boy enjoyed the Aphrodisiaque stout.  The stout was incredible and brought me back to my Hershey's syrup and milk childhood.  It was uncanny how much it tasted like my favorite after school beverage (only in adult form).  The second beer I tried was a ginger wheat which was zippy and refreshing.  They also offer half-sizes for the less committed.No full kitchen, but we had some servicable nachos loaded with salty white cheese.We also made it a point to go early (close to opening) and we were glad we did as it quickly picked up with crowds of convivial people.If you check out their website, you'll notice that they have a list of pretty much every beer they ever made ranging from standard, to pretty effing crazy, to even crazier collaborations with other breweries.  It's my understanding that their tap list changes pretty often as well, thus keeping each visit interesting.
5	Should one be searching for the place that the divine stepped for from the elysian fields and brought to this island an amazing source of IPA, it would be found here.Dieu Du Ciel's greatest flaw is its success. This place can get loud, and crowded. But my friends, do not let this deter you. It's rare when I can make my way through a tap list, especially in a place that is not IPA centric and claim I enjoyed, nay, loved everything on the list. Dieu du Ciel was just that place. Wandering home from a night of board games, and past its warm, inviting doors, The question arose: Want a beer? As if they needed my answer.Inward and to a hightop, adorned by a chalkboard menu with a bounty of what is best  in hopps and malts alike, Ordering, enjoying. I'm under the impression they have food, I barely paid attention. I was the kid in the candy store.If only to further my elation in this glimpse of Montreal's beer heaven, the service was amazing. Despite the crowd, the glass was kept full, promptly, and quickly.  This is my top beer spot for Montreal, without doubt.
5	As good as it gets, indeed.  For beer lovers in Montreal, this place is a must.  Really great place to sample a good variety of beer and just relax.  We sat at the bar and tried 1/2 pints of several beers.  We had read that the place fills up quickly and Saturday was no exception - we walked in at 3pm on a Saturday and were lucky to find a couple empty seats at the bar.  Aphrodisiaque was a favorite - a very flavorful stout.  we didn't try the food, but what we saw looked good.  Not sure we'll ever be back in Montreal, but we will for sure stop here if we do go back!
5	This is an amazing local brewery that is a must visit on a trip to Montreal.  It is a local favorite that gives you a good taste of the local Montreal brewery scene.  They also have pretty good food that is prepared in an open prep area behind the bar.We really enjoyed the Blanche du Paradis and the Grednativite Noir.  They were some of the best beers we tried on our latest Montreal trip.  But it is hard to go wrong with their selection.  Everything we tried was good.  It is more about knowing what styles you prefer.It can get really crowded and be difficult to find a seat, but that is a testament to its quality.You won't be running into tourists here and it will give you more of the young vibrant Montreal neighborhood feel.
4	Dieu du Ciel is probably my favourite brew pub in the world. The staff are all highly knowledgeable, the beer is always fantastic, and the food is pretty alright.They have more beers on top than you can possibly sample in a night, so choose wisely or go multiple days in a row. And be sure to go out of your comfort zone and try something new. You won't regret it.
5	Great beers.  Friendly staff. Low key atmosphere. Great music.  New friendship made. What else on the planet could one ask for. Come here and lift a pint or three. It will become one if your favorite places too.
5	By far one of our favorite spots in Montreal. The atmosphere is awesome. The beer is amazing and there's SO much to try. The staff are incredibly nice and helpful. It's the type of place you can hang out for hours and not feel rushed. We got small pizzas while we imbibed. The pizza was delicious. Would recommend to anyone looking for good beer and a nice atmosphere.
4	Beer heaven! Amazing craft brews in a loud-but-cozy setting.
4	Vibrant, noisy, great beer, good people in probably Montreal's best neighborhooda good stop if you are in town
4	This is the type of place that I'd normally wait to review until I've been five or six times.  I'd want to get a wide range of experience with the beers on the menu so I could add some tasting hints (I'm not a professional, but usually I can offer some some sort of semi-educated-sounding opinion), and possibly even add some smaller points about the location that might get glossed over by most reviews.Can't do that here though.  I tried, but of the three times I've been here I've only been able to sit once.  Even then, at 3:30 in the afternoon, I was relegated to the smallest, most uncomfortable spot at the end of the bar. The other times were so full that there was an overflow crowd waiting for seats already.So with only one visit under my belt, and who knows if I'll ever be able to find a seat in there again, I have to say this:  Crowded or not, this place is great. The bartender was as much an expert as you'd expect, and willing to take the time to explain things to visitors like me whose only knowledge of French is what they piece together from the signage around the city. The beers are all their own, and there is plenty to choose from. It's definitely worth the trip (maybe a 10-minute walk from the metro station?) out there to have some excellent beer at a friendly establishment.  If there's room for you.
5	This was one of my favorite places I visited in Montreal. We got a flight of six beers to try and then decided on one for a full pint afterwards. Let me mention that like half of their selection is over 6% alc --- their highest being 10.5%. So for a flight of six, we got pretty toasted pretty fast --- on beer, which doesn't happen often. We also got a cheese plate and the cheese was really really great. It's all local (from Quebec). There was a creamy goat brie with a center of chevre that tasted like it was a triple cream (meaning fatty and creamy, like silk), a creamy blue, nice sharp tomme, and HOT bread, nuts and pickled confit de something or other.Y'all. I know a lot about cheese, I worked in cheese for 5 years. It was so good with the beer. The pint I decided to get at the finish was a hibiscus and rose infused beer. Now, I'm not one for sweet beer or sweet wine, so I had my doubts. BUT, this rosy tinted beer was so well balanced I was shocked. I guzzled that thing down faster than you can say "hipster in a microbrew bar eating a cheese plate with her boyfriend wearing a purple shirt and shades". Also... our bill was like $40 for all dat shit! WOOOT!
5	I hate loud places. I hate when there isn't much food available. I hate jostling for seats. Dieu has all of these bad things, but it's so good, that I will forgive it. I don't even like beer that much, but something about Peche Mortel and Aphrodisiaque hit all the right notes for me, and I will happily sit here for hours drinking these two beers (except I really can't, because I don't have the tolerance for it, but I try to anyway). The falafel is really great -- nice balance of veggies and falafel and tahini. The pretzel is good too. Can't charge less than 25, but it's easy to get to 25. save your cash for the metro ride home, because after a couple of these beers, you shouldn't be driving.
4	When people say that the place is packed at all times, they were not kidding. I had been here in the past in another life, student life that is, and looking forward to a return visit.  Our first visit had the whole group of 4 coming in mid afternoon on a Sunday and we basically got the last available table at the time. They have about 20 beers on tap and pretty much cover all types of beer. I really like their smoked or rauch beer, as well as their ESB. The wife felt like trying absinthe and was not a fan, but she was in luck and they have bourbon as well. A little too much black licorice and anise flavors for me as well with the absinthe.We did not have any food, but whenever the heater above our table came on, we could smell some pretty sweet smoked pork, so I am assuming the food is good here too.  The service was the only drawback, which can be described somewhere between apathetic and rude. I guess they pegged us for tourist or non locals, but I am not sure.My buddy and I returned for a beer event later in the week, without the wives. It was the 20th anniversary Montreal beer fest at the downtown convention center and Dieu du Ciel was having a bunch of French and Belgium beers on tap, including Cantillon. Cantillion is a must try for anyone who loves sour beers like lambics, krieks and geuzes. Since it's basically impossible to find in Charlotte, we had to check out the event.  Again, it was crowded, but this time service was a little better, so we may have just got a bad, disgruntled server on our first visit.All in all a great place for great beers with the service being inconsistent.
5	There is not much i can add to what has already been said by others on here. Amazingly tasty and reasonably priced micro-brewed beer. Great, friendly bartenders. Yummy snack foods. Free wifi (when it is working). It is just a superb place to sit alone and have a drink or get together with friends for many of them.The Clef Des Champs is my favourite. Mosaika is #2. Voyageur des brumes is tied for 3rd with the Rose D'Hibiscus. Goddamn, i want a pint now.
3	Great beer selection but a little boring. The patio can be fun, but again, it's a little stale inside.
4	They have a great selection of beers so if beer is your thing this is the place to go.  It does get very crowded though making it tough to get a seat.
5	Wonderful beer here.  Had a porter, a belgian white *with* cascase hops, and a sour beer - all were fantastic versions of their style.  Highly recommended.
4	Day drank here while in town for the jazz fest.Not much more I can add that hasn't been said already: the beer (of course), chill vibe, and now an outdoor patio that is the perfect place to spend a summer afternoon people watching. There's a small menu of food they can make behind the bar, so I'd suggest eating a bigger meal elsewhere. Free wifi. Service is typical Montreal. Their website describes the rosee d'hibiscus beer as "the perfect thirst quencher on a hot summer day." I concur.Dieu du Ciel really is what all brewpubs should aspire to. It's always one of my favorite stops on any trip to MTL.
5	These beers taste like they were prepared for the palate of God. I started with some white fruity/herbal selections, and ascended through some porters, before meeting St. Peter who handed me the coffee stout. I walked out feeling nearly omniscient.
5	I haven't reviewed this place yet?! That's just poor form.If you're in Montreal, you go to DDC - I put this place up there with Schwartz's as far as touristy stuff goes. 'Nuff said.The beers are written on the chalkboard, as they change with whatever's been brewed recently. They also give you the percentage, which is nice considering some of their brews can get pretty punchy.The seasonal beers are usually really good, and run out quickly, so try them if you can.There's a bunch of classics (the ones that you can get in bottles in corner stores and supermarkets) which are nice to have on tap too.The only bad thing that could possibly be said about the place is that it's sometimes hard to find room to drink your drink - but there is a high turn over of patrons, so if you don't get a seat right away, you don't often need to wait too long.In the summer, they have a small outdoor terrace which helps, but if it's too busy you should go around the corner to Vices et Versa for a drink (they also have DDC beers on tap!) before coming back and trying again.
5	Wow. Awesome place. Awesome beer, knowledgeable staff, good bar food, chill vibe, surprisingly not too crowded and crazy for a place that good. Came here with my boyfriend, who is a total beer snob, and we both loved it.
5	As a beer nerd. I'm about ready to move out to Montreal for this place. So many interesting beers!
3	This is the place to go in Montreal if you are a beer-lover. HARD CORE beer lover. Definitely nothing like anything you can get at the LCBO or local beer store. The beers here are all made in-house, and sold very selectively. Averaging about $5 for 5 ounces, I've tried about half the beers on the menu; very strong/bitter, and the flavours nothing you've had before.It's hard to enjoy if you don't really like beer. Would not recommend for those who are not into beer. Atmosphere is loud, busy, crowded. Everyone having a great time, and very dark inside. Loved it!!!
5	This is a great bar. Their terrace is an excellent place to have a beer (if you are lucky enough to get a seat). Their brews are good---in particular, I like their saison. I've seen people get pitchers, which is not explicitly on the outside menu.
5	Wonderful beer and great service. Go now ! The staff know their stuff and even when packed you feel like they treat you right. The best beer in QC! Don't waste your time with the fern bar frat boy hang outs.
4	Crowded and noisy, but I enjoyed drinking here. Great microbrew selections, and yes it is definitely worth a visit, if you have the chance to swing by. Can't remember if they serve food(think they did), but I like that it's a block away to the amazing(and 24/7) Fairmount Bagel. Which was good enough for me, when it came to food.IIRC, I think it wasn't too long of a walk(if a slightly longer one than normal) to the closest subway stop. Forget, since my memory is oddly fuzzy about that detail.
5	Do you like beer? Real beer?  Then go here. I tasted some of the most delicious stuff ever, in a cozy, yet lively space.  Strongly recommended for fellow beer enthusiasts .
5	HA! Sometimes you forget to review a place because it's been a part of your life and your love for a city for so long it's like a second skin. And then you meet a friend for a pint, and you are the first people there when it opens, and you get that small table in the front that basks in the sun, and you drink some of the best beer made in this province, and in the country. Beer that's become loved by beer lovers all over the world for it's depth and range of flavours and general playfulness. Try the inky stout, the spice road, the hibiscus beer that makes you feel healthy. Ask your server for suggestions, they are super knowledgeable about what they serve. Enjoy the heft of 10% alcohol, because here in Quebec beer is serious. And if you're like me and the afternoon turns to evening, and you float out into a wild night inspired by the mad brews you've imbibed, and you forget to write a review, don't beat yourself up about it. Pick up a six pack of DDC beers from pretty much any dep in town, let the tastes bring you back and you'll be clickety clacking your loving memories of the best little brew pub on Laurier in no time.
4	As a self confessed beer nut, I have had many of Dieu du Ciel's brews from bottles and on tap when they have on occasion shown up in the DC area. So another return trip to Montreal meant I had to really make a visit to this place at the source.The bar is tiny, with an intimate feel in a great neighborhod.  The vibe is real intimate and cozy, but it's also extremely popular.  I thought going on a cold November Saturday afternoon around 4PM it would be quiet but it was jam packed and crowded.  There are 2 seaters tables and they are litteraly neck and neck together with folks.  so I strongly suggest that if you want to come here get here as early as possible.There was only one waiter working the floor and this guy was just getting slammed. But he was actually really good considering how incredibly busy he was.Peche Mortel is probaby their most popular beer, but this is a good chance to come here and drink their one offs which aren't bottled.  The had a Disco Soleil IPA which was excellent, a bit shocking since most IPAs in Quebec I find are really lacking, and they absolutley nailed a Kolsch called Basse Messe.The WiFi is also incredibly slow, but such is life.  A definite place worth stopping in if you love beer
5	This is a great place to relax and drink some beers. My husband and I came in the afternoon and it was not very crowded (it was a Wednesday). The staff were super friendly and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here. I really enjoyed the hibiscus beer and my husband loved the mortal sin beer (it had coffee in it). This is a great way to spend a snowy afternoon in Montreal.
5	This is *THE* destination to go to in Montreal if you are a craft beer lover.  I'd been dying to go here the last few times I've been in Montreal and this time I finally made it.  It's has the vibe of your local corner bar, but with the awesomeness of some of the best brewed craft beer in all of Canada.  We quickly found a table and someone was over to help us in no time.  The lighting was dim and it was pretty loud in here, but it was a Friday night so I'm sure that was one of their peak times.  I will definitely be going back here next time I find myself thirsty in Montreal.One downside is that they are not able to sell beer to go in any form (growlers, bottles etc.)  but there is a craft beer shop literally just around the corner that has a huge selection of DdC bottles.  I picked up a case to take back to NY with me.
5	World class brasserie, I should know, I've travelled the world. I'm also an enthusiastic home brewer so have a fairly good idea what makes one great and what makes them mediocre. The beers are plentiful and there is usually an option on cask. Their darker beers are exceptional, along with the usual suspects I recommend getting on their foreign export stout! Also love their belgian pale ale come summer time
5	A few weeks ago I took a quick trip to Montreal with a friend and we decided to check out this bar. Have you ever been to a bar and wish it was your local bar? That's exactly what I felt the minute I stepped inside Dieu du Ciel.After speaking to the bartender, we were informed that the bar historically was on the border that separated French speakers from English speakers. Present day you'll see a variety of folks come on through to this bar. There are plenty of tables and seating available despite it being a rather small bar along with a wide selection of craft beers. TIP: There is free WiFi at this bar.If you want to check out a neighborhood bar with a wide beer selection and friendly staff then Dieu du Ciel is the place to go to!
4	After trying bottled Dieu du Ciel that I purchased at the store, I thought it might be fun to get some brew straight from the source. The beer selections in deed did not disappoint. One of the best parts about this place is that you can order small "tasting" portions of beers, allowing you to try a variety of beers without needing to commit to a big pint (also good because I like beer, but am not a heavy drinker). The food options they serve are fairly limited "tapas" sized portions. If the food selections were a bit better, Dieu du Ciel would easily be a five star destination.My only recommendation is that you don't go on an empty stomach since the menu is limited and the portions are relatively small (for example, the pizzas are only about the size of 1.5 New York sized slices).But, this place is still for sure a wonderful destination for those who love craft brews. I would not say it is "life changing," by any stretch, like some reviewers have said, though can highly recommend it.
4	Dieu du ciel! The name of this beer should have made you thirsty already. They have some amazing and unique beers. They're the reason Quebec stands as the North American Belgium in terms of beers. The pub itself is nice looking. The sort of place you go to in a summer afternoon.
4	Nice spot to enjoy beer. Many interesting varieties, made with love !! The food they serve is also perfect to accompany the beers. In the summer they have a nice terasse outside. Only little thing IT IS ALWAYS FULL. Almost impossible to sit !! Too popular !
5	I flew into Montreal and arrived at my friend's house at midnight and we still had time to walk to this bar and get lit up on some incredible beer. I'm used to hipstery brewpubs where the obsession with hops doesn't leave much room for anything else, but the variety here doesn't reflect that in the least. I had some belgian, some imperial stout, and a few other interesting varieties. And getting there at midnight left plenty of time to sample the goods. I ended up bringing home some cherry vanilla stout (Aphrodesiac) which is in my cellar as we speak. I wish I could import their wares; definitely good for trades with other beer nerds. This place was also a great precursor to my first real Montreal poutine.
5	Great Beers!
4	Definitely a cool beer spot in Montreal.  Lots of beers to try and helpful servers to help you make your choice.  The place was packed and I imagine it always is that way.
3	Pretty nice selection of micro-brews, if you're in to that kind of thing (which I'm not). Decent selection of food items, ranging from snacks to small meals. Friendly staff.
5	Bartenders were friendly  and knowledgable, very accomadating to us Americans.  It was one of the  objects of my short visit to montreal and didn't disappoint.  Almost full on a Thursday afternoon, they're doing something right.
5	Great neighborhood micro beer. The kinda bar you wish you lived by. A little bit of Chicago in Montreal with great atmosphere and fantastic pints
5	Dieu du Ciel is the place to be for beer lovers in Montreal.  The beer is as fresh as it gets and there are plenty of options for every type of beer drinker.  This is clearly a favorite after-work spot for locals as the place was packed when we went on a weeknight.I ordered the pale ale and the IPA and both were very good.  My coworkers and I were nervous when we arrived because we went starving and nobody had food.  This wasn't an issue though.  It's mainly a bar-food menu but the options are good enough for dinner.  We each ordered a personal sized pizza and a "salad" and we shared an appetizer.  There was plenty of food and the quality was good.  The things they call "salad" aren't really salad, they are more like coleslaw, but they were tasty all the same.I wish this place were closer to my hotel as I would probably stop in every night if it were.
5	Awesome beer choices, and very reasonable prices.  I had the hibiscus beer, and the bf tried the cider.  We both really enjoyed the beers and experience.  Definitely a place to check out if you're visiting!
5	If I could have their Cid Rosee put into an IV bag, I would. That stuff is amazing. The best cidre I have ever had. Their American IPA was also delicious, and tasted exactly like it should. Hat tip to the cook behind the bar, who was able to put out some delicious looking food with only a cold line and a small oven. They have a variety of sandwiches, flatbreads, and nachos (though I never saw a menu so I can't really tell much more than what I saw). The atmosphere is casual, and I was happy to get to watch part of the Habs game on a huge projection screen. If I lived here, this would definitely be a regular watering hole.
5	Dieu du Ciel is the place I was probably the most excited to visit on a recent trip to Montreal. I was told it's pretty crowded in the evenings, so my friend and I decided to start our day-drinking there in the afternoon.I started with Flames which was delicious and smokey and slightly sweet. I finished with the Rendezvous Nordique. It was intense and tasty.The service was great, everyone who works here is super friendly. I can't wait to visit DDC on my next trip.
4	Yummy beer selection. Try the hibiscus! Very friendly bartender, plenty of seating, nice crowd. If you sit at the bar you can watch food be made, mildly entertaining.
5	Very good beer selection, knowledgeable wait staff. Good place to relax and have a couple of beers after walking around all day and before dinner. The charcuterie plate was very good and went well with the cornichons and beer.
5	Excellent brewpub, with a wide selection. The food is also tasty and the prices are very reasonable. Would recommend to anyone that likes beer!
4	Very good beer, great late night vibe. The waiter was ace. He was kind enough to make a few recommendations on the food and beer front. I ended up going with the Disco Soleil and a porc sandwich. Both were the bees knees. I even enjoyed the salty vinegary chips that were piled mile high on the plate. Go check it out and go with a thirst. Their beers are a treat.***update for Americans with babies*** They do not permit you to come in with your baby. I came in on another occasion with my child in his stroller and was turned away. I didn't do my research prior to showing up so no negative points for that. Just thought I'd mention it so you don't make the same mistake.
4	Don't get fooled - this is a pub. It's loud. It's crowded. The place was full on a Wednesday evening (granted, the weather was very nice and everybody was out).The beer is the main interest here, and it's very good. I had two oat ales (Edimburg) which were pretty good (I'm not very detailed in beer tasting - it's either good or not good with me, and this was good). The food was also very good, chips with pulled pork sandwich, the portion was reasonable (I hate when the plate is monstruously covered with food, and this burger was exactly the right size). Also had a nacho plate with friends.My only downside was the selection of food. I wished there were just a few more options to choose from. Not a 5 page menu, but just something like 5-6 more items.
5	Overall :Great brew pub, nice atmosphere, great service, delicious food.  There is no downside to this place.  Even if it's out of your way it's worth a stop.Drinks :With 15+ beers on the menu, all in different styles, there is something for everyone (including a really good cider!).  Whatever kind of beer you like, Dieu du Ciel has their take on it, and in general everything was good.  I tried some styles I wasn't sure about, and even if it wasn't my thing it was still drinkable.  The stuff I knew I would like was out of this world!Food :Their flatbread pizzas and pretzels are fantastic, and a nice accompaniment if you're going to be there for a few hours trying different styles of beers.  The cheese plate was decent too but three warnings : 1)  It comes with A LOT of bread and nuts 2) It comes with A LOT of cheese!  3)  On the cheese plate we got, all 4 were pretty creamy.  It was a heavy dish for two of us to share - bring friends!Decor / Atmosphere :The decor was pretty dark, but intimate and interesting.  They have paintings on the walls of the box art from their retail packs.  The music is loud enough to make conversation private, but not so loud that we couldn't talk.  People watching was definitely interesting, it was a really mixed crowd which I liked a lot!Service :Service was phenomenal.  Fast, friendly, able to answer questions.  I was super busy both times we were there with one server inside, and one server outside, and we never felt neglected.
5	One of our favorite haunts. We stop there on every trip for the hibiscus for me and IPA Diablo for him. Cheers!
4	Stumbled upon this place while exploring Montreal on holiday. We were heading to a nearby pizza place, but the crowd outside of Dieu du Ciel that drew us inside. There are over 15 beers on their menu that they brew, available in two sizes- small and large. Their food is also delicious- we split a veggie pizza that was amazing! I would definitely recommend this popular, local brewery to anyone in Montreal.
4	Get there early (like 2pm), and you won't have a problem with the crowds. After walking around the city all day (you tourist, you), it'll be a welcome relief in the form of delicious brews.Get a few of the smaller pours to try from among their huge list of 18 or so. For a small brewery, that's quite a feat.As for which beers are good, they'll probably be different by the time you get there. Yet choose ones that are different or interesting, and they'll likely satisfy. Not all of the non-traditional ones we tried were great, but a couple were. So with an ever-changing lineup, it's hard not to drop in to see what craftiness has befallen the place.
4	Cool servers, and a good selection of craft beers to choose from.   We had a bunch of tasters and enjoyed the kick-back atmosphere as we sat by the window.Additionally, amongst other beverage offerings they offered bourbons of which we enjoyed the Elija Craig.   Plenty of folks there were enjoying food, but we didn't give any a try.   The patio looked like it would have been great if it hadn't been raining, but alas weather shut that option down.SIDE NOTE:  within one block of here are two other places we really enjoyed 1.  Kem Coba (ice cream) (5 star rating)2.  Fairmount Bagel if you are in the mood for a tasty everything bagel
2	I do not know why this place is getting good reviews. The beer is only slightly above average, the service is almost non-existent and you are not allowed to vape in there. There is an air of pretentiousness. I went there twice and it gives credence to the maxim: "fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me."
5	Dieu du Ciel was on my list of places to visit while in Montreal for a few days and it did not disappoint.  My friend and I actually ended up going twice as it was in the neighborhood we were staying in.  Actually, the first night we tried to go was on a Wednesday about 10:30 pm and the place was packed, we decided to wait and come back earlier another night instead of waiting in the line going out the door.  We got there around 7 pm the next night and snagged the last table available.  We both tried the Rosee D'Hibiscus and thought it was wonderful.  I also had a saison that was nice.  The second time we stopped by was on an early Sunday afternoon and was able to sit on the patio, which was lovely.  Really great atmosphere and friendly mix of locals and out-of-towners.
5	Great beer, pleasant and vibrant space, reasonably priced. The service was quite good, especially given that it was pretty crowded. If I lived in the area, I suspect I would become a regular.
4	Beers were great, red wines were good, the bar pie (pizza) was EXCELLENT. We watched the chef all night and he was great. Care and attention to detail in everything he prepared. Craftsmanship. Out of pie area, bit a must!
4	A very popular brewpub.Don't make the unfortunate mistake of standing around by the bar. There's table service and they expect you to order from there. I'm unsure of what occurs when there are no tables and you'd like to stand by the bar.Our waiter extremely kind and helpful.As for beers, I recommend their imperial coffee stout, Peche Mortel, and their American IPA, Moralite. Otherwise, I've found their other hoppy options to be a bit lacking.
4	I visited Dieu du Ciel for an afternoon game during the playoffs. This is a great pub in one of Montreal's best neighbourhoods. Service was good considering the playoffs, beer was great, 4 stars only because the food wasn't anything special. Very fun place to watch the Habs win!
5	Out of all the breweries I've tried in Montreal during my stay, this was by far my favorite.  With some of other breweries I tried, some of the beers were good.  Here... everything i tried was good.  My favorite was the Chaman.  Very rich in flavor.  My other recs would be the Aphrodite and the Pee Wee.  Awesome place to hangout and staff is friendly
2	Popular, but very loud. Not a good place if you want to have a serious conversation, but the place is friendly and active.Mostly student crowd, but with some diversity. Hard to find a place to sit especially if you are more than 2 people.  Beer selection is okay, but not amazing. After all the positive hype I was disappointed by the selection where the highlight is on their custom brews.
4	Crowded, relaxed atmosphere with small, candlelit tables. They had great beer, brewed on premises. I tried 2 beers: a belgian and a porter, whose names I don't know because I'm an uncultured anglophone. The crowd was pretty young and the waitstaff was helpful even though they were insanely busy. Good spot!
4	Delicious and unique selection of house brewed beers. Seems to change daily! Would definitely go back there.
5	couple of times been there and liked the atmosphere, the beer, the service...and so so and so on! I really like this place because the beer is their specialty!
5	About to head back for our second time this weekend. Great beer selection, good food and nice laid back vibe. If I was a local i'd definitely hangout here.
3	Very popular pub. Was quite busy when we arrived. It was our first time visiting Montreal and wanted to check it out. Didn't know it was a seat yourself type of business but a server was nice enough to direct us to some free tables. Hadn't got any menus since we sat down but the server comes over as if we knew what we wanted. I told her we didn't get any menus yet and she replied that there's a wall of beers over there (which I didn't notice..since it's my first time there as a tourist). She came back with some food menus and I had her help me with some beer selections. She was helpful and I did like my beer but she failed to let me know that there were different sizes...she gave me the biggest one when I could've had a smaller glass. We ordered a pizza and it was delicious.. can't remember what it was called but had artichokes, cherry tomatoes, mushrooms and olives. Atmosphere is very loud and lights are dim. Wouldn't mind going back since I know what to expect now.
4	This review is solely based on the beer which was very good. The place itself is quite cozy, clean, the service was attentive. It seems to be a better deal the larger your drink is so I'll keep that in mind should I ever return here in the future. If I lived in Montreal though I'd probably be a regular.
5	Wow. This place is amazing.  If you love craft beer or a beer geek, this place is a must visit.  I visited twice on my visit to Montreal.  Their beer is world class rated for a reason.  I was surprised how reasonable the prices were too. I have paid more to drink crappy domestic beer in bars.  Cool place.
5	Without question... my favourite brewery located anywhere in the world is Dieu du Ciel. I have tried over 50 different beers from DDC and safe to say 90-95% have been complete winners. These guys make good %$)!@# beer! On a recent trip to Belgium (the best International beer city in my opinion), it was nice to see DDC well represented within the local menu's.  The benefit of the Montreal brew pub is that you get to try less known DDC beers not widely available outside of Montreal. For example, I had the pleasure of trying :Mild-EndLanterne RougeMea CulpaClef Des ChampsPee WeePremiere NeigeHalf-LifeAu Fil Des Seiz'onsBlanche Sterling   These were all new beers for me. Loved everyone. DDC beers are always unique, complex but balanced and generally easy drinking. Truely a beer lovers dream.The pub is cozy and generally crowded most of the time. I like to sit at the bar so I can chat with the staff but there are only 5-6 seats available. Staff are very friendly and know their beer. Simply a must for a beer fan visiting Montreal. Quality of the beer guarantees a 5 star experience in my opinion. Nothing else really matters...    BK
5	My road to Dieu du Ciel might be compared to Peter's denying Christ 3 times or Saul's conversion on the road to Damascus (see below).There is a wide selection of beer styles on tap.You get spoiled with a choice of pint, half pint, or six ounce pours.I first tried an ale brewed with forest herds for winter which was way more palatable and balance d then I would have expected. I also tried a buckwheat ale that was more spicy than I expected. At first I thought the two beers has been switched at pour. I moved on to an imperial black IPA that I mistook to be an imperial coffee stout.Lots of great surprising brews here. At least one cask ale.Visiting from California I wanted to try some outstanding Quenecois/ Montrealer breweries. I first found Dieu du Ciel on http://www.beeradvocate.com as one of the top rated breweries in Montreal. I jotted down the name in a long list of things to do on my trip.I then asked a tour guide on my trip what to check out in Mile End and he said Dieu du Ciel. This time I bookmarked it in Yelp.That night I had dinner at Lawrence and popped up my bookmarks to see what was nearby and lo and behold Dieu du Ciel was a bloc away.
