5	Get Your Move On really gets your move on!! On-time, on-price, on-service. They delivered and surpassed all of their promises. Get YOUR move on with this company. It is the finest out there.
5	These guys were fantastic - they explained the pricing well - gave me the appropriate discount as I actually found them on Angies list.  I was using them to fill a POD and then unload it once the POD came out of storage again.  The guys - Gilbert and Ben were amazing - filled the POD really carefully - Gilbert treated it like a puzzle.  They brought all the supplies we needed since we were using them to unload the POD as well they would get what was theirs back.  When it came to unloading the POD, they sent the same guys, which was amazing as they remembered us and our stuff and knew how everything went back together again.  We were also moving into a condo complex and GYMO does all the moves for the developer so knew exactly the set up here, which also saved us time.  Our only problem was with PODs who did not deliver the POD when they should of, but GYMO, worked around this and did there best to save us as much money as they could.  If we ever move again (which I doubt) I was use them again, but in the meantime I would recommend them to everyone.  They are not the cheapest, but remember folks you get what you pay for !
5	This is now the second time I have used 'Get Your Move On' and both times have been incredibly great.  So great, in fact, that it was very disappointing to read the negative review below when both of my experiences have been fantastic.  If you are considering this company, I hope that you look at the extremely positive reviews left by myself and others who have experienced their service personally.I have now used them to move out of house and into a condominium complex, as well as most recently, trusting them to get my belongings from Phoenix, AZ to San Francisco, CA.  If you have moved before, you know that the difference between a cross-town move and a multi-state move is not one to be taken lightly and demand different levels of planning and coordination.  On both occasions, they handled each incredibly well.  They were always punctual, well staffed, prepared, friendly and careful with my belongings.  They worked well with the property management company and respected not only my personal belongings, but also the properties I was moving in and out of. The staff has been great and I have known Derek, one of the owners, for over a year now through the Tempe Chamber of Commerce and know on a first-hand basis how much he cares about his clients.   I would highly recommend them for any of your moving needs.  Thanks Guys!
5	Another fast, efficient move by GYMO.  The guys arrived on time ready to get my move on.  When conducting business I consider "on-time" to be at least 10 minutes early, and that's exactly what these guys did.   They carefully packed a few thousand pounds of heavy furniture, and the rest of my 2 story house as if it was their own.  The move was completed quickly and to my satisfaction.  This company is all about one thing; CUSTOMER SERVICE.
4	I used them because of a groupon I purchased.  I thought they were a bit expensive esp since I was moving less than five miles.  Not sure if they charged more because of the groupon?  Other than that they were great.  Arrived right on time were very fast and efficient, unlike others I have hired.  They actually worked together to be quick.  The guys were very nice.  If price is not an issue I would highly recommend them.  Everything was in tact at my final destination.
5	The one star review below is BOGUS; notice the guy leaving the "review" didn't even use their services so he wouldn't have the privilege of knowing how incredible they are. Get Your Move On is the best moving company around!! They have not only moved us twice, they have gone above and beyond the call of duty both times. Donovan and Muke ROCK!! They are prompt, helpful, professional, courteous, and all around FANTASTIC. LOVE them and we will never use another moving company again.
5	Here are my criteria for this rating:1. Honesty (5/5)     a) with valuable items     b) with labor charging2. Punctuality (5/5)3. Management (administrative aspect of the move) (5/5)1. Honestya) with valuable itemsWe had several items--cash and expensive jewelry, which we hadn't quite accounted for, that were found by the movers. They were brought to our attention immediately.  We would have never known if it was taken--they knew that (the way it was found--it was quite obvious no on had see it in years), but these guys took the higher road in returning it to us which is great. b) labor chargingSince they were paid by the hour, working slowly could have meant more pay.  However, these guys gave their best effort to get the work done as quickly as possible.  We also gave away of a few large furniture items which they decided to take, but they refused to handle it until they were off my clock! 2. PunctualityI was given a 2 hour time window, and the guys made it within the first 30 minutes of the window.  Your experience may vary, since it depends on their travel time, and time to complete their previous job.  In any case, the movers gave us a 20 minute warning call before they arrived.3. ManagementRoger (manager/owner) accommodated my move at the very last minute after my previous moving arrangement reneged on our agreement.  He was able to get me a booking with less than 24 hrs notice! In addition, he called me after the move to ensure the service met my expectations.I have dealt with many moving companies, and this was by far the best experience I have had.
5	The guys at GYMO were amazing!  They showed up on time to my place, downloaded my truck, put my furniture together, and organized the boxes by room in the amount of time they quoted me. I was extremely impressed by the professionalism of the crew and the ease of doing business with the company. When it is time for my next move I will definitely give them a call and recommend to every one I know in need of a REAL moving company.
5	I needed a few items I had purchased from a g/f moved within one week.  All the movers I phoned were booked, including Get Your Move On.  Then Roger told me he would do it TOMORROW for me.  I said "Tomorrow? As in Sunday?"  He said yup.  If that wasn't enough, he told me the exact time he would be at my g/f's house and then at my house (no waiting for them to show up during a 4 hour window).  Wow!  Everything showed up in great condition and they were in and out of my house in no item with everything placed exactly where I asked.  Amazing customer service.  I would definitely use them again.
4	On time and packed everything carefully, but expensive. We were given one rate over the phone and a different one in person, and the travel fee is almost twice what others charge. I even had to go back for something they left behind (the remainder of the shrink wrap, that I paid for). They did a good job, but I don't know that I would be willing to spend as much as I did a second time.
5	I used them for a recent move - moving 1 2,400 sq ft house to another house and then putting a bunch of stuff on from the 2nd house and moving to a nearby storage facility.1. The team was good - 1 team lead pro (Rene'), 1 old guy and 1 college kid.  The team lead managed the college kid and kept him on a tight leash.  The old guy rocked - I hope I'm in as good a shape when I'm 60ish. They did good work and on a 115 degree day only took a couple of short breaks. They were happy guys and very positive.2. Upsell - the team lead upsold me on several things but did it so professionally that it wasn't annoying or pushy.  For example, the items being put in storage he wrapped with plastic wrap and moving blankets and he convinced me it was smart to keep them wrapped in storage to protect the furniture.     3. Breakage - despite their efforts a picture frame (4' x 2') glass was broken.  They had a guy come pick it up, take it away and get it fixed, and return it.  No paperwork.  No pain.  4. The company is small. I spoke with one of the owners (Roger?) when I scheduled and another (Derek) when I worked on my broken window issue.  I was extremely pleased with their attitude and friendliness.Those that read my Yelp reviews will see that I like catching people and companies doing well - I only rate poorly when the people are jerks or the company performance is really bad.   I think the Get Your Move On team fits that category and I'd recommend them to others that are moving.
5	Last weekend was the 1st time I ever hired movers and it was for my MOTHER-IN-LAW!  Nervous, you bet.  Well, it couldn't have gone better.  Get Your Move On answered all my questions, calmed my nerves, came in under the estimate, were thorough and efficient.  I will use them again!  Also, the guys made me laugh, always a plus.  Thanks guys,Kim H.
5	I have used GYMO twice and they really went out of there way to make things easy. I think I speak for just about everyone when I say moving is one of the most miserable ways to spend a weekend. It's stressful, time consuming, the constant fear of something being broken, having to call and inconvenience friends and family for help, and if you are like me your body is sore for a week afterwards. GYMO relived all those negative aspect that go along with moving as soon as I contacted them.  I am a guy who typically doesn't like hiring other people if it is something I can do on my own but after my experience with GYMO I won't consider renting a truck and doing it myself ever again. Once you see how efficient and safely they move your belongings it becomes apparent this is a job that should be left to professionals. I highly recommended GYMO.
5	I was thinking of that Missy Elliot song back in 2001, but I digress...There was no room to  add 2 extra stars because I was already nervous on the day of the move (11/23/2013), thinking: 'are they going to break my stuff?'  On top of the guys arriving 15 minutes early, full of energy and  oozing with effervescent attitude on the weekend before Thanksgiving of all days ,  Chris and Donovan reassured me that my stuff is in good hands.  Since I packed well, they were able to do their job and provided other suggestions on how best to pack the truck. I couldn't argue with these wonderful guys! I chilled and let them work. I had an unforeseeable and very stressful incident involving moving into the new apartment on time, and GYMO kept my items in their truck without any additional storage fees. Roger was very accommodating most of all *highfive*.After the new management resolved my issue Monday morning, the guys were there ON TIME ...AGAIN  and got my items in.  As I quickly unpacked, anything that could be broken....remained intact :).   They kept their promise.  PROs: Competitive hourly rate, Strong, careful and professional movers with beautiful dispositions, No extra charge for stairs, OCD punctuality (in a good way). CON: Not doing business with GYMO sooner.Every moving company should exemplify this standard of professionalism as GYMO has.
5	These guys know how to move.  Professional, efficient, and caters to exactly what you want them to do with your furniture.  Well worth the money.  I like how they used these blue blankets to wrap my furniture.  Flawless work.
5	They are on the expensive side, but oh so worth it. After our third move with these guys I figured I better write them up. We have had nothing but glowing praise for these guys who handled even my most challenging of items (a 30 yr old piano) with ease. The crew is great and the company is very good at what they do. And the customer service is top notch - a prompt answer when I call, timely response if I have to leave a message or send an email. And they show up on time, when promised, and get the job done efficiently and quickly. If we (heaven forbid) have to move a fourth time, you can bet we'll be calling Get Your Move On!
5	James and his crew did awesome today. Prompt, friendly, and hard working. They checked in with me several times to see how they were doing and made sure everything went in its proper place. The guys took care wrapping and transporting all furniture. Came to about $450 to move a 1500 sq ft house 3 miles, with most things packed in boxes. I would recommend this company to anyone.
5	Booked with very short notice a small move (well what I thought was small - likely closer to medium). Roger called very quickly to schedule and we got the move done on Saturday. Chris and Clinton were incredibly professional, efficient and pleasant to talk to - would highly recommend!
5	These folks are great .... even when I needed them to move more stuff than forecast, they jumped right in and took care of things. They were prompt, respectful, and careful. They didn't waste any time. I highly recommend them and wouldn't hesitate to use them again.
5	These guys moved the contents of two storage units and one bedroom into a garage and second floor apartment for my roommate and I back in November 2013.  This included many boxes, bags, a bedroom set, and piano.  The moving crew was punctual, personable, and courteous.  They didn't waste time.  We began the morning at a storage unit on Kyrene and Elliot.  Then emptied the unit at Ray between S 39th and S 40th.  Then emptied the bedroom and removed the piano from the house in Ahwatukee.  Got everything over to the apartment unit and deposited items either in the garage or second-floor apartment.  All in two hours and 15 minutes.  Truly excellent work.  All the furniture items were wrapped and secured.  These guys knew what they were doing.  And the company owner Roger coordinated all this with me between Wednesday-Thursday for a move that Sunday.  Very accommodating.  I highly recommend, and would do business again.
5	We have used this company twice for our moves around the valley.  Once in March 2011 and once in August 2013.  These guys move well and they move fast.  It was amazing to just sit back and watch the house empty in a matter of hours.  They don't complain, they have great attitudes (even with the insane humidity in August) and they are very pleasant to be around.  We will definitely use them again and again.
5	The guys were PERFECT! They just moved my boyfriend and I and they truly made the whole movong experience easy and enjoyable! They were exceptionally thorough, careful,  and polite! They took their time to wrap everything very carefully but did not doddle one bit! I will definitely use them every time I move!! Thank you so much!!!!
5	These people are spectacular. On time, under estimate, careful and do more than expected. Wwhile we had them pack the dishes, they packed some appliances as well. Moved the artwork perfectly and even emptied the wardrobes. Great job. I highly recommend them.
5	We bought and closed on a new home very quickly and found we needed a mover within a couple of weeks.  After reading the many positive reviews about Get Your Move On, I contacted the company to get information.Derek, the owner, returned my call within minutes and was very accommodating.  Within 2 days Pablo was in our home to give us a complete and accurate estimate.  Pablo was excellent in explaining our options, breaking down costs so that we could see where we could save ourselves some money, and all in all was very professional.After securing a couple of other bids, we decided on Get Your Move On.  I'm so glad we did!  The day before the move we received an email from Derek that provided pictures and a brief bio of each member of our moving crew.  That was very reassuring and welcome.The crew showed up exactly on time and did an amazing job.  Each member of the crew (Kevin, Brandon, Chad, and Jovi) was very professional and service minded.  They accomplished our entire move in less than 7 hours which my husband and I thought was amazing.Only good things to say about Get Your Move On.  I hope I NEVER have to move again, but If I do I will definitely call Derek first thing.
5	We used Get Your Move On for a local move back in 2012. I was recently asked for a recommendation for movers and remembered how happy I was with their services and wanted to make sure that I put my review out there.I contacted Get Your Move On a little late in the game. They were one of the only moving companies who had an opening in the week I wanted to move in May, and I ended up taking a day off work to move that day since we had few options left. The quote was consistent with what we ended up paying. The movers were tied up with a job prior to mine that took much longer than expected (which happens in this industry I learned), and I received a call from someone at the company ensuring me that the move would still be completed that day and that he needed to pull a different team together to complete my move. The movers were professional and very hard working. They were friendly and clearly knew what they were doing. I was about six months pregnant at the time, so there wasn't much that I was able to do, and they helped with packing up the wardrobe boxes that I wasn't able to pack myself before they arrived. When we arrived at the new location, we were surprised to find that the AC was broken and it was HOT out. The movers didn't complain and did a great job getting everything inside and where I wanted it as quickly as possible. I made sure to provide them with water and a well deserved tip. I hope that I won't be moving any time soon, but when if and I do, I wouldn't hesitate to contact Get Your Move On again.
4	Needed movers for across-the-valley move for a four bedroom, full patio move. Derek returned my query promptly and arranged for an estimator to arrive same day.  Sammy and Jose came within an hour and inventoried our possessions. They estimated it would take 8-10 hours but might not fit on one truck, so they arranged for a truck on standby. Our movers: Robert, Donovan, Erick and Miles were on time and ready to rock. Robert concurred that it prob wouldn't fit on one truck but said there was no standby. Hmm. They filled the truck with our carefully wrapped items within 3 hours but without another truck, would have to make a return trip. We agreed that I wouldn't be charged for the return driving time but the movers were getting that whiny 'I don't want to return' look so I bought them all lunch. After unloading, Robert asked me three times if I wanted them to handle the second load. Yes, yes and yes. Again, a bit whiny but it was 104 degrees, so allowances were made for that. After loading all the patio furnishings, the truck was 3/4 full so they loaded items I couldn't handle alone with my pickup. They unloaded everything with only 1 casualty: the chimnea. They packed it up well but it shattered anyway. Not really their fault. The total for 10 hours, four movers, one trip charge, two stretch wrap rolls and one bed-box was $2137. Pricey but the time and quality they put into wrapping ALL our items was worth it. They forgot to apply my Yelp 10% trip charge discount but I forgot too. I recommend Get Your Move On.Quick update: within 30 mins of my review, the owner called to cover each point of my review. Nice touch.
5	I located Get Your Move On on Yelp.  I was determined to use a reputable moving company after our previous moving company damaged over $7,000.00 worth of our belongings.  I actually told the first person I contacted at Get Your Move on about my paranoia due to our previous move.  He assured me they would take great care of us and that we would have a positive experience.  Still skeptical, I had one of the guys come out and meet with my husband beforehand to give us an estimate and we booked them for our move.The day of the move, I of course did not have everything packed.  The guys came in, all introduced themselves to me and shook my hand and packed up the rest of my stuff in less than an hour (I should have just had them pack up all of the stuff, they were so fast and efficient!)  The move was probably the fastest I've ever experienced, and they wrapped up all of my furniture to ensure it was not damaged.  I seriously don't think any of the guys even took a break until the truck was fully loaded.  You know how many moving companies claim that you can just sit back and let them do all the work?  That has never been the case for me, but these guys were so fast, my husband and I literally sat on the balcony and had a drink while they did their thing.The unload went just as well.  I told the owner of the company that I have never had such a great experience with movers.  We will continue to use Get Your Move on anytime we move and tell all of our friends, because trust me-- if you choose the wrong moving company, things can be very bad.Thank you YELPERS for the reviews that helped me to find Get Your Move on and protect our belongings.
5	I honestly picked them because of their catchy name. I first used them in 2012 from a third story move to single level. They were quick and efficient, I believe my bill was less than what my estimate was. I recently just moved again so naturally I called Derek up, the call was quick and personable. He quickly pulled up my info and set me up, no added stress to an already stressful time. The guys were scheduled at 8am and called at 7:58am to let me know they were late and would arrive at 8:04am lol. They showed up and they just took over. they were very sweet. Not chatty, all work. I know a lot of my furniture is very heavy and they handled it with ease. I pretty much was not very organized with my move, they just packed all my little odds and ends which helped tons. Last bit, I had contractors here at my new residence finishing up and they just keep working around it. They didn't stop even though it was obviously impeding their flow. Great company guys.Hope I never move again, I'm exhausted!! :)
5	I found Get Your Move On when I was searching online for movers in Tempe and was really intrigued by Derek's (owner's) really modern, professionally done website as this isn't common in the moving industry.I did some research on Yelp and saw that they also had the best reviews (31 people gave them 5 stars) and a discount package so I inquired with them for a moving quote.I'm a very busy executive for a technology company so taking phone calls between the hours of 7am to 7pm is almost impossible for me.  I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to initiate my move quote by dialogue with Derek directly through Facebook messaging and their team made every effort to contact me to get me the info I needed over the course of a very busy week for me.  Derek even took my request to be contacted via text message instead of phone call (way easier for me during the day) into consideration.So the move details:  I was moving from a 3rd story (with another set of stairs inside), 2 bedroom condo in Tempe to a second story condo in Scottsdale.Derek quoted 3-5 hours for the move with an hourly move rate plus a trip/truck fee.On moving day, my movers contacted me a few hours before my scheduled moving window to let me know that they finished their job early and to see if they could come sooner.  They arrived right on time, explained the process, and were very friendly and courteous.A few hours in I started to worry that we were going to run over the estimated move time (lots and lots of stairs in late July heat) and my budget wouldn't allow for that.  One of my movers called Derek to share my concerns, who approved that they could finish the job for the maximum quotes hourly estimate (5 hours) rate, even if they went over.They helped me get all of the furniture set up at the new place and put all of the boxes in the appropriate rooms for me.  I'm still unpacking but nothing appears so far to have been damaged and everything did arrive.The move took 7 hours in total and they only charged me for 5.  I forgot about the Yelp offer until today when I just went to write this review and though I could have saved $140 or so, I'm good with it since they gave me the two free moving hours.I'm very happy with my experience with Get Your Move On!  They made a tough move much smoother.Would recommend (and already have) to anyone!
5	Obviously Derek, the owner, reads all his reviews because two weeks later, I get a check in the mail for the Yelp discount that I missed. Get Your Move On is a classy outfit and I highly recommend their services.
5	If you want to know about consistency for any business, here's my recent experienceOnce again, Miles and Ronald at GYMO did a wonderful job moving all my stuff!  *hugs and high fives*  Ryan was a good man in following up to make sure we're on the same page for the scheduled moving date.  It rained so badly on 08/12 we had to reschedule, none of the guys would get hurt slipping and hurting themselves in the process and no extra charge for me; a nice midweek win-win.They arrived the next day on time.  after everything was done, the glass items stayed intact the way I packed them, Ronald took good care of my TV, Miles was a very efficient un-loader, the things I needed to unpack was in a very logical order; perhaps he knows the way a tomboyish lady like me think...impressive!I unpacked all my stuff in two days moving into a 2 bedroom apartment (I don't know if that's the national average, but I beat last year's record from four days someone needs to take a poll on that one; I guess I hate moving day clutter ).
5	Everything was awesome start to finish. I requested information on the website and got a phone call within a few minutes, where I was given pricing information and other details. Scheduling was easy, and communication was excellent.On the day of the move, the movers arrived exactly on time, and worked quickly to get everything loaded, taking good care of the breakables and large stuff. Unloading went just as smoothly.
5	We've moved 3 times in 6 years and this is the first time we actually hired movers and we couldn't be happier with our Get Your Move On!  We shopped around a bit and thought they were a bit pricier than we expected, but their quality of care and customer service is well worth it.  After looking at other companies with cheaper deals, their Yelp ratings were enough to scare us away.  Get Your Move On definitely deserves their great ratings.  From the initial phone call with Derek, to our in-home estimate with Jose, to our movers on moving day, each point of contact was excellent!  Everyone was very friendly, honest, and extremely helpful.  Derek was able to schedule Jose to come out for an estimate right away and was great with his responsiveness with emails and phone calls.  Jose gave us a lot of great advice to help with the moving process, seeing that we were new to using movers and concerned about keeping the time and costs down.  And the movers were here even before their scheduled time, impressed us right away with how quick and efficient they were, and managed to still be very friendly to our kids and dog also.  Though we originally were focused on having them stick to the bigger items we couldn't do ourselves, they were so helpful and efficient that they ended up loading up more than we expected and still finished under the time estimated!  Moving in itself can be such a pain, but these guys definitely helped to make the process much more bearable.
5	Really helpful and kind staff.  The guys were great at understanding a stressful situation. Staff was perfect in confirming the move time and with all follow up items.
5	I just moved to the States and loved them! They were quick and efficient. They don't drag out the work either. Also, when they finish they ask you if you want anything moved (if you don't like where it's placed). Would highly recommend them!
5	It's so worth the time and money to hire these guys.  Ronnie and Miles were efficient and moved my furniture as if it was theirs.  They came early, introduced themselves, and did what they had to do.  Jose also did a good estimate on the time and went under the expected time it would take 2 guys to move my belongings.  I know we'll be moving again in the near future and will definitely use GYMO again!  Thanks!
5	The movers were a great team to work with. They paid close attention to the details of moving artwork; very professional and courteous; and swiftly transported all my selected belongings up the hill in a timely manner.
5	Everyone hates moving... that's a given. Never thought a moving company could actually DECREASE the stress! We had a 4 stop move! Talk about stress! They handled it all no prob! We had 3 movers that were professional as can be (something that is not synonymous with that particular industry). The guys worked their butts off from 8am until 6pm. We got them lunch and offered them some beers but they didn't take them. That's a first! When the day ended I knew where all the items were, nothing was damages (not even a scratch) and there was no buyers remorse from choosing this company. I don't think I've EVER recommended a moving company... but I most definitely recommend the crew at Get Your Move On. Best experience I've ever had with movers (and I've moved a lot)!
4	Thanks to Yelp reviews I found these guys.  I live alone and was nervous about hiring a moving company.  The first thing they did was send me a picture and biography of the estimator who would be contacting me which made me feel secure.  They arrived exactly on time and worked quickly.  I would have given them 5 stars except they re-assembled my trundle bed incorrectly and I am still trying to get it fixed.  Otherwise the move was perfect and I would totally recommend these guys.
5	This company moved us from San Tan Valley, AZ, to Prescott Valley, AZ, in September, 2014.  Most of the move went well.  When we hit a few rough spots and some damages,  the owner, Derek, stepped in immediately, kept his word on all repairs, and stuck to the original moving estimate - even though it was off by a more than small amount.  Rare to find a moving company this ethical.  We won't hesitate to recommend them to our friends.
5	Was my second time using Get Your Move On. They are professional, quick and take care of your belongings! Would use them again and recommend
1	Be careful with these ppl. They will break your stuff. They broke a lamp of mine. missing a tote that had special mementos of my deceased mother. Said they were going to be at my home at 400 never showed up until 9pm. still charged me the same amount. "owner" came in just grabbed the money and left. didnt tell the workers that they were supposed to take me with them to the new place. which was right down the st. they also seemed like they were high or drunk. screw this company!!
