5	Today was my first time in the store and I was truly impressed with how professional and knowledgeable Scott was the entire time. As you would expect when you walk into one of the specialty stores for running shoes (Berkeley Running, Fleet Feet and the likes), Scott started off by asking me about my running frequency, distances, goals etc. Next he had me do a test run on a treadmill to determine pronation and a foot scan to look at my arches and weight distribution. He would explain the results to you so you gain a little more understanding into your own unique running style. Next he would bring out 4 - 5 pairs of shoes he thinks would fit you best. And he has a pretty good idea of what would be a good fit. My second pair of shoes fit like a glove. The staff there are very patient, staying with you as long as it takes for you to find your fit. If your first impression is anything less than perfect, they would discourage you from continuing, and give you another pair. Really awesome level of customer service. Once you have found your match, you hop back onto the treadmill for another test run. Just to make sure that everything is still as great as it started out to be!! They were out of the shoes in the color I wanted, but Scott placed an order for me from the warehouse instead of pushing me to get it in another color which was in stock. As you can probably sense by now I am super impressed and happy with what I got. I would recommend this store for running, swimming and biking needs. You will walk away with merchandize that will truly help your goals positively. As in other running stores around town they do offer discounts for various affiliations so just ask the friendly staff.
5	I had an awesome bike buying experience here. Disclaimer, I am not a triathlete but the commuter/hybrid bike brand I researched online listed Endurance House East as the only dealer in Madison.  The bike I wanted is somewhat rare so they did not stock it nor did any of the Milwaukee bike shops.  I remember calling them early in the process and it being a bike they have never sold before it took some research and time on their part.  I think within 1-2 days I was contacted with all the information to order the bike.  I want to say we chatted a few more times about the bike but being the middle of winter I had no real urgency to order the bike nor was there a hard sell approach for me to order the bike.  I did make it into their store around a week later and talked to Kyle about the bike and their promotion which made it the cheapest place to buy the bike in the U.S.  I still had a few more questions and again he invested more time researching and promptly leaving me a message with all the answers i needed.Fast forward almost 2 months later and I still have not pulled the trigger.  I stopped in again and was finally ready to order the bike with Brandon but since so much time had passed there was a chance the bike I wanted could possibly be sold out for the season but through their contacts, they were able to source the lone bike in that size in THE WHOLE U.S. for me!So I have had the bike just over a week now and could not be happier.  I did need to bring it in for some minor adjustments which is expected anyways after the purchase of a new bike which they (Brendan?) handled flawlessly.  In fact, the owner of the shop himself has done 2-3 follow up calls which shows their great customer service.My girlfriend also bought a bike at one of the bigger Madison bike shops a week prior to buying my bike and her experience was nowhere near mine.  Granted her bike was considerably less than mine, but from the attention I was given from Endurance House East prior to spending a penny in their store speaks volumes.Not a complaint, but sometimes it might take a few minutes to get help when you are in the store but i just think that shows how popular they are despite having plenty of shops to choose from in Madison.They may not have everything you want/need in the store but if they can order it for you I would definitely try to make them your first choice for any bike, run, tri, etc needs you may have.
3	Nice enough store; I've been here a few times over the past year or so. Staff is friendly, and I love the store mascot (handsome Weimaraner).Unfortunately, they rarely seem to have any size 13s in stock... I love me some Zoot shoes, but I'll be darned if they ever have them on hand. "We can order them for you" - yes... so can I, online, and for less expensive...Sigh.
