1	I threw up when I was done!So, I decided to try something different, I was going to go somewhere else in the food court, but I said, hey that line is hella long!  The food must be good!  I'll try Charley's!  You know.....I should have asked for my money back when she handed my my fries after I paid for my meal!  Who does that?  I don't understand this!  There were 4 people in front of me, and you give me my fries!  Ok, so yes I did voice my opinion right then and there, OUT LOUD!  That I don't see me EVER coming back here!  Why did they give me my fries now!   So one of the workers said they were down a man.....OK  I still have my fries and there getting cold!  Ok so  I didn't even think about it, but I hate pepper jack cheese, and that's what they put on the sandwich!  They don't even ask if Pepper Jack is ok!  So I go and take a table, and start eating it. Ummm the bun is soft, but there's no flavor in the steak!  Then OMG, here comes the Pepper Jack cheese!   Yea!  I really didn't care for this sandwich, I ate as much as I could, because I was hungry!  But as soon as I left I seriously threw up!  WOW!  Ummmmmm yea!  That sealed the deal!  They will never, ever get another dime out of me.  I should have gone to Denny's like I had planned!
1	I have an unpleasant experience yesterday 12/23/14  with an immature girl cashier at Ontario Mills Mall in Ca. There's two cashiers one girl and a guy. They're both helping customers, the girl was already done helping her customer. I was next in line as I was waiting for her to call me but NO she was pretending to do something around the counter and I was still standing waiting for her to call me, then when the guy cashier was finished helping the other customer he was the one to call me. After he called me, that immature girl called the next customer behind me. That's BS she shouldn't be picky on which customer she's going to help, she made me wait till the guy cashier to call me. I was very upset . She shouldn't be a cashier to begin with. I was really upset, I told the guy cashier what she did and he apologized and that the girl knows I was upset. The guy said she's just busy doing other stuff. Doing Other Stuff? Isn't she supposed to be cashiering first before she does other Stuff. I'm not ever gonna go to this place ever again.
