4	So the other day, there was an office discussion looking for bakeries where we could get a celebrational cake for a gathering the following week. All of the usual low-level, mid-level and high-level bakeries, from Prantl's to Oakmont Bakery came up, and in the discussion, someone mentioned  a new place downtown that had just opened that no one had heard of or tried. The decision came down to Oakmont, since the need was specific.An hour later, I had to make a walk to a print shop nearby, and as I walked - there it was - the new shop that had been mentioned - Sinful sweets. So after my print job was placed I went back to check it out on the way back to the office.Once inside, the place looked pretty much like any average candy store, very white, with some shelves with jars of bon bons, and a long counter display case filled with chocolates and goodies.There were candies and truffles and turtles and barks, chocolates from white, to milky and darks. Goodies with nuts, goodies with sticks, goodies with toffees, worth plenty of licks.Don't ask me where that came from. I think I just had a sugar-induced Dr. Seuss moment.Anyway, I was trying to find something to take back to the office as examples of their wares, and they didn't really have any kind of 'baked' goods, mostly being a candy oriented shop. But they did have this little collection of things with lollipop sticks on a sheet tray, in all different shades and decor. When I asked what they were, the gal behind the counter told me 'cake pops'. Little balls of cake on a stick, dipped in a frosting appropriate for the type of cake, with other added goodies to top them off. Hmmmmm...different.So I gathered up two of each. Smores, graham cracker cake with chocolate and marshmallow, rolled in cocoa and graham cracker crumbs. Chocolate, chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and chocolate jimmies. Carrot cake, dipped in a cream cheese-ish frosting with walnuts sprinkled on. Peanut butter chocolate, chocolate cake dipped in chocolate frosting, with peanut butter swirls drizzled on. And finally, mocha toffee, chocolate coffee cake with a chocolate frosting, and chunks of toffee sprinkled on.The gal told me that the toffee was made from an old family recipe, so I had to add a chunk of it to my pile. As she she bagged up the cake pops, she started to wrap the chunk of toffee bark and I said 'Uh-huh...just give that chunk of toffee right to me'.A big burly man with Marvel comics up and down his arms stopped to say hello, and I'm guessing he was one of the owners. Time to ring me up - and I'm surprised I had the ability to sign the credit card Ipad with my finger. My mouth was full of absolutely sinful chocolate and home made rich toffee. Yay beau, it was GOOD.It's a little on the pricey side at $20 something per pound (it seemed like for everything) and ten cake pops and a chunk of toffee came to around $25. I paid and left, heading back to the office with treats that I'd not tasted to pass around as samples to my lovely co-workers. Teeth and tongue assaulting the chunk of toffee, which only made it as far as the alley. It was swallowed and gone before I reached the elevator.I took my little bag of delights into the kitchen and put them on a plate, and started my walk around the office. This was a test. How would an office of discerning women like the treats?The bottom line was: "Oh my GOD, these are SO GOOD!" "Absolutely delicious!" and, of course "SINFUL!"Now, at these prices, this isn't the 'Need a bag of JuJu bees to curb the afternoon sugar craving.'  That's why they created Rite-Aid.  But if you're looking for something really nice, unique and tasty for a special gift, or a nice touch to an event of sorts, and you have a budget, as well as a specific clientele that you need to please (in our case 'donors'), then Sinful Sweets can definitely fulfill that need.The cake in the pops was moist and flavorful. I tried one of the Carrot Cake, and it almost seemed like there might have been some kind of liquor in there. But it was pretty darned tasty. One co-worker, in the process of quitting smoking, sucked on her stick for a half hour.They also have a roster of uniqueries, like chocolate covered potato chips, the standard chocolate covered strawberries, and - voila - chocolate covered BACON! Seriously? Chocolate covered bacon? Sinful!
5	All the chocolates Darren brought home from here were scrumptious! From the s'mores to the toffee to the raisin clusters! Yum! Everything comes in these supercute boxes too! Darren's batwings are gone. lol. He has such an imagination.
5	Chocolate: good. Bacon: good. Downtown: good. Chocolate+Bacon+Downtown= freaking awesome goodness. Seriously, if you haven't been lucky enough to get some chocolate covered bacon strips from Sinful Sweets, then what are you doing with your life? I was given some bacon strips by my wife for Valentines' Day, and they were awesome. Thick cut bacon is coated in a 1/4 inch of awesome chocolate. It's salty, sweet, bacony yummness, and I understand it comes in milk chocolate or dark chocolate.I've also had a few of their cake pops, like the french toast one that is french toast dipped in white chocolate and topped with maple syrup and bacon pieces (noticing a trend with me and bacon?). I also had a Rice Crispy treat that was coated in peanut butter, then dipped in chocolate, and then dressed with caramel. Chewy gooey yummy yum yum.Check out this very cool establishment that is located Downtown. Also, my wife says the guy who runs the place is a big dude that is good with the ladies, although I can't confirm...
5	I love chocolate and I absolutely love bacon. So when I heard that this shop sold chocolate covered bacon, I knew I had to make it downtown and try it out for myself. I bought two slices of chocolate covered bacon, a milk chocolate bar covered with bacon and two lolli cakes: cookies n' cream and toffee mocha. The chocolate covered bacon was heavenly! The milk chocolate bar was very good, but there just wasn't enough bacon on it for me.The lolli cakes were deliciously moist, although they did make me very thirsty after I ate them. I was not concerned about prices when I entered Sinful Sweets because all I wanted was the chocolate. However, this is not grocery store chocolate so the prices are a little high, but it is worth it.
4	Just the smell of this place is enough to earn three stars! The selection is a little overwhelming, but that's a good "problem" to have in a situation involving chocolate & sweets!! I was behaving (or trying to), which made my visit here a little less fun, but I enjoyed it nonetheless! I had a salted chocolate covered carmel - DELISH!! The boyfriend had a chocolate covered, peanut butter Rice Krispie treat- UM, AMAZING and some chocolate covered bacon, which I did not try b/c I'm a vegetarian. He was happy with his choice though!The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because it is a little pricey. Our three items - one small carmel, the Rice Krispie treat, & the slice of bacon were $10. Seemed kind of high, but delicious nonetheless!
5	Ok, the staff is great. The food is amazing. I love the cake pops. You must get the red velvet, salted caramel or dark chocolate raspberry cake pop. Chocolate covered bacon is so amazing. Try everything there.
5	Chocolate covered bacon within steps of my office? Woohoo! Lots of selection and a myriad of cake balls. I dig this spot and its become my Friday treat spot.
5	I was so happy when I found myself at a Pirates game during the week recently and realized that Sinful Sweets was only a walk away. I've heard such good things about this place and I couldn't have been happier. The highlight: Everything, really. But in all honesty, it seems they've made a name for themselves with their chocolate covered bacon. The chocolate and bacon both seem to be of excellent quality, which really work well when they're combined. I also recommend their cake pops and truffles. You can't go wrong with this place. I just wanted one treat and walked out with a whole bag!
5	The name says it all. Sinfully good. Sinfully addictive. Sinfully sinful.The chocolate. Let me just say, I'm not a chocoholic. I like chocolate, don't get me wrong, but I wouldn't scarf down whole chocolate bars by the gallon. But mix chocolate with something and I'm game. Mix Sinful Sweets chocolate with anything and I'm really really game! For realz!Every. Single. Thing I've had from here is scrumptious. I've tried a platter of treats at Allegheny Wine Mixer and I stopped in and had a chocolate covered s'more. I want a thousand chocolate s'mores in my life. Stat!I can't wait to try everything they sell. The cake pops, the truffles, the caramels. I want it all!!!But let's get real for a second. The chocolate is amazing! Apparently it's from an old family recipe. The family's got it down, yo! I cannot walk past and NOT go in anymore. Actually, writing this review right now makes me want to get in my car and go there. Too bad it's not 24 hours. Actually, it's probably best for me. But come tomorrow, I'll be there!
5	I am officially in love.  Sinful Sweets DESTROYS any chocolate/candy store in existence.  Not only do they have awesome, friendly, fun staff, but the expansive selection of chocolates, truffles, cake pops AND ice cream is fantastic.  They even have samples of their chocolate out to try!  Sure, the building this little place resides in may be a bit run down, but I think it just gives it personality!  The shop inside is cute and modern.  Milkshake Happy Hour (25% off from 4-7 p.m.)!!  The girl working (I wish I'd gotten her name!) was awesomely patient and helpful as I debated for several minutes between flavors.  Finally, I decided to go wild and got bittersweet symphony (coffee & chocolate), mint chocolate chip, red velvet, chocolate cookie dough & piece of cake (since you get four scoops of ice cream, I split the cake and cookie dough flavors).  At my request, she blended in tons of (free!) extras, like Reese's and Butterfingers pieces.  Finally, I asked her to top my shake with Andes mints, which she did enthusiastically.  It came with a big, fat cute straw DIPPED in chocolate on the tip for an extra burst of chocolately goodness with each sip.  She said it was the craziest shake she had made yet :)  IT WAS HEAVEN.  I'm surprised I didn't spiral into depression at the final sip.  All the extras that didn't get blended in were at the bottom, soaked in milkshakey goodness, so I got to spoon it out for even more deliciousness.Go here.  You will be addicted.
4	This is defiantly the place to come to when you need a chocolate craving fix. I ordered the chocolate covered oreo's, chocolate covered pretzels, turtle bar, and chocolate covered s'mores. All were very good. The s'mores was a bit dry really not a marshmallow taste with it. Was more like chocolate covered graham cracker. It wasn't terrible but it was great either. They also have fudge and chocolate candies also.
5	Talk about paradise.  As I walked into Sinful Sweets the displays of fudge led to the rows of truffles and my child-like wonder was in full force as I debated between dark chocolate graham crackers, chocolate smores, and a dark chocolate New York truffle.  Needless to say, my wonderment led to me trying all three.  The chocolate was so smooth and very rich.  I love dark chocolate and the truffle stood out from the crowd.  It was delicious.  I also tried the chocolate covered bacon which was nothing short of miraculous.But sometimes the food isn't enough for a place to get a good review and Sinful Sweets offers plenty more.  The staff working was great.  It came up that I am visiting from Raleigh and we began talking about the differences in areas.  He was very friendly, personable, and funny.  My friends and I were able to sit on the benches in the front of the store and hang out while the shop was slow and talk with the staff.The final perk of Sinful Sweets is the price.  They are dirt cheap, I felt.  I absolutely intend on visiting this place again whenever I am in town.
5	It would be dangerous to live in Pittsburgh having such delicious chocolate around. Great customer service and delicious goodies! Can't wait to be back!
4	You can't go wrong with a shop that has Perry's ice cream, chocolate covered bacon and cake pops among about 30 other types of treats!I wandered into the shop after being stuffed from dinner but still craving something sweet.  I ended up leaving with more chocolate then I have ever purchased at one time before.  I aslo left with an ice cream (Perry;s has a ton of unique flavors, my choice of the day was movie theater which had a faint buttered popcorn flavor along with some chocolate).  My favorite by far was the chocolate covered bacon.  How can you go wrong with the salty bacon combined with the delectable taste of chocolate?  I also purchased a chocolate covered chili, some chocolate covered pretzels, some cake pops and a piece of fudge.  Chocolate overload!  There was only one person in the shop waiting on people, so it did take a little while to get service, but he was friendly and informative.The only downside is that since it is artisan chocolate, it is a little pricey, but totally worth every penny.If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth or try something unique, I highly recommend Sinful Sweets.
5	Tasty place with many options for true chocolate lovers... So tasty that I stopped in twice in one day and several times throughout the week. Milkshake happy hours!
5	I've started this review multiple times but words always seem to fall short and feel inadequate to describe this true diamond in the steel buckle of the rust belt! First the owner of the shop isn't the absentee kind. He's a mad genius behind the counter creating dare I say it sinfully delectable chocolate creations that befuddle the mind! Not to mention he's a genuinely nice guy who exudes a true passion for his chocolate. Now you can have your Mr. Wizard, Bill Nye, or Dr. Frankenstein but he is a true mad scientist with his dark and milk chocolate alchemy! I mean chocolate covered bacon, scumdiddlyumptious truffles, milk shakes spun by hand with what could be termed interesting but delicious ice cream offerings, and my personal favorite the chocolate enveloped peanut butter loved rice crispy treats!!!Now add to all of this incredible edible chocolate/confectionery is the staff. Not only do you find yourself in hand crafted amazing chocolaty goodness but you have a collection of friendly, fun, fantastic ,folks to guide you into the plethora of choices that will leave you weak in the knees and begging for mercy to tear into the amazing bag of goodies you're sure to leave with!I can't stop getting enough of the amazing treats, great people, and I almost forgot to mention with the cold setting in to Pittsburgh their mind blowing, game changing, dare I say soul warming hot chocolate sure to melt away the frostbite nipping at your nose, toes, and stomach.With so many options of Sinful Sweets to choose from I will have to keep visiting again, and again, and again!
5	I stopped in here late, right before closing. They were extremely nice and helpful! I work in a pastry kitchen and you'd think I'd get tired of sweets! I definitely don't and this place has just added to my sweet tooth! I got cake pops, which were to die for! If you haven't been here yet you should stop by!
1	The sweets looks like they were made by a rookie and the milkshakes were flavorless. Also, the selection seems a bit short compared to The Milk Shake Factory in the South Side.
5	great ice cream and service.  Love the vibe and personal service.   the manager let me try one of the new scotch infused chocolates, pretty awesome.  support your local business!
4	An adorable little candy shop in the heart of Pittsburgh!The owner was behind the counter, giving me helpful recommendations and generally just being a super nice guy. I bought a lot of different candies... my favorite was the cotton candy white chocolate truffle. I did not particularly like the chocolate -covered bacon but wanted to give it a try based on other reviews. Some of the candies were much better than others and I am glad I got such a varied selection. A bit pricey but still a very cute and friendly little sweets shop!
5	I stopped in one very cold morning and had a hot chocolate drink. As it was cold, i sat and drank it in the shop as they have seating for you. The service was friendly and the chocolate was good. I left warm and very pleased that i had found such a gem of a shop in downtown Pittsburgh. I will definitely be returning.
5	Amazing place.  The milkshakes are awesome and everything is dipped in chocolate.  Including your straw.
3	I came here basically to get change for the parking garage. I needed to break a $20, so I got a dark chocolate peanut butter covered oreo... Sounds amazing, right??? Wrong :( It made me so sad! I didn't even want to finish it! (that never NEVER happens) I also had the dark chocolate covered pretzel. The chocolate was waxy and the pretzel was soggy. BLEH
5	Amazing ice cream. Spoke with owner and you can tell he has a passion for what he is doing. Small independent business thriving down the street from a Ben & Jerrys...love to see this. Pop in a gran a cone or chocolate covered bacon.
5	The best chocolate in town! Lots of vegan options! Love the dark chocolate coconut clusters. And the dark chocolate peanut butter cups! ... Manager Nolan is just as sweet as the chocolate. Get some chocolate today! Yay!
5	Very cheap but even more so delicious I had a coffee toffee milkshake with a scoop of birthday cake and on top of that the man asked me if I wanted my straw dipped in chocolate and the answer to that was of course YES. This was the most delicious shake I have ever had plus I got three chocolates with it that we're also amazing and in the end it was only six dollars, crazy right?
5	Sinful sweets! Definitely my new place to go for treats. I went on my break at work since it's right around the corner. They had a wide variety of different chocolates. I had their dark chocolate with coconut which was outstanding. I also tried the dark chocolate caramel which was quite possibly the best caramel I've ever had. We also got a few of the cake pops which were amazing as well. The cake was extremely moist and everything was so fresh.  Not to mention, you can't beat the prices. Realistically priced and the associates were extremely attentive. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door. Downtown people, locals, tourists, this is the place to go! Yum!
5	"kid in a candyshop" isn't even the half of it. They have a little but of everything, and everything is freaking delectably delicious!! EVERYTHING!! Bourbon truffles, amazing chocolate dipped orange peel, dark chocolate covered bacon... And for you average folks, cake pops, chocolate covered strawberries and anything else you can think of. Plus, a discount if it's your birthday!!
3	I was so excited to visit Sinful Sweets, I actually saved up calories for a couple weeks.  I had heard about their chocolate covered bacon and it sounds like a real genius combination!  However, it did to live up to my expectations.  First off, the bacon was not properly cooked, almost raw and the fatty part was still white.  Even dipped in chocolate, it was gross and I spit it out.  Sad day.For my other treats, I got some of a pecan turtle and a truffle and chocolate covered fruit. They were good, but hard to enjoy after the bacon.On I previous visit, I opted for ice cream, the carrot cake was very good.  Service is great, very friendly.  I might give them another try, after I get over that nasty bacon.
5	Fun fact: my 666th check-in was to this place. Coincidence? You decide.If you've never been to Sinful Sweets, I'm here to tell you that it's a recommended, perhaps even mandatory, stop if you're ever downtown. Or within a mile, or two (or five!) of the downtown area. Things here are sold by the pound and individually, so it's totally possible to walk in for a single piece of chocolate. Of course, I feel obligated to warn you that once you walk in one thing just won't be enough - it's easy to walk out with a whole box of sweet treats!This excellent sweet shop has ice cream and milkshakes, a range of chocolates and chocolate covered goodies, cake pops, and even coffee and tea to boot. Not to mentions crates of locally made Red Ribbon soda, which is also excellent and worth trying if you haven't. Seriously, stop in and try their delicious (and often homemade) goodies - you won't regret it! Oh, and one more quick fun fact: I know from experience that they make pretty nice birthday baskets - something to keep in mind for family and friends that you're looking to spoil!
5	Ok... First off thanks for the diabetes.  Now that is out of the way... This place is unbelievable.  The owner is a big tough looking guy with some awesome tattoos that you would envision owning a barbecue joint.  Instead he spends his culinary expertise on creating the most incredible concoctions that combine chocolate and anything he dreams about the night before.  Based on this I think he dreams of bacon quite a bit.  This is a great place ran by a very cool guy.  I'm from California and am contemplating of moving to Pittsburg just to go there again... Everyday.
