5	I would hate to start any review with " there are two kinds of...."  but since this is a review related to motorcycle clothing  , kinda related to two, wheels that is,  but I'll save it till later.Buying a helmet unseen, second hand or because  it came free with the bike are usually the kind of people that are cranky after a long ride.  While I respect the choice of people to not wear  helmets  please respect mine to laugh at you:)   My wife's helmet is on display at this shop as a reminder that local laws are one things but the laws of physics tend not to be so transient.  We've bought 3 helmets from here,  they have an excellent range   both in prices, styles ( open , closed ,modular, mx , etc)  and  often different grades of finish for each type. Price wise they won't be the cheapest , that pesky sakes tax thing but..,  but in terms of service in the choice and fitting you are unlikely to spend time  returning the item you bought .and  if you have to it's painless process.  Good range of personal accessories,  visors, gloves, socks  and footwear which tends more to the street than the track / bar. Even better they keep the visors, part kits and  other knick knacks to service the popular lines that they sell .They give good advice based on your questions, actually know about the  helmets,their construction, effectiveness and will take the time to make sure you get what you need.  Yep there's two kinds of people bikers and motorcyclists.  It's interesting to me that the crotch rocket types wear only a helmet then  shorts,tshirt and sneakers  and the Harley types  wear heavy boots, leather, jackets and  er no helmet.    Helmet Center is more to the street side overall but  if you need a helmet, now and actually care about the contents of it  I really don't think you can get a better experience  on the north side of Phoenix and probably the valley as a whole.
5	I had a great experience at the Helmet Center.I walked in as a motorcycling Newbie on a Saturday afternoon and was helped by Tony Moretti, one of the co-owners.  He was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  I didn't feel at all like he was trying to take advantage of my inexperience.  Without his help, I surely would have purchased a helmet that was too big.  They will let you try the helmets on and walk around the store with it on for a while to see how it feels.He also helped me find a great jacket for the type of riding I wanted to do.  They didn't have the exact size/model I was interested in, so he ended up ordering a jacket that they did not have in stock, with a 2 day delivery.What impressed me the most is this:  I got to the store about 45 minutes before closing time (which was 4:00), and Tony worked with me to find the exact right helmet / jacket / gloves until almost 5 o'clock - amost an hour after closing!  The prices seemed good, and with that kind of service (not to mention all of the great riding advice that I got), you can bet that I will be a repeat customer.  Great all around experience.  Thanks Tony!
5	Prices as good as you can find online with out the need to ship and the ability to get help.I made the trek up north to get a new helmet, I know my hat size but that did little to comfort me for buying helmet. The in store staff helped me find the right fit which with our their help I would have though was too small as I did not think about break in.Check their prices online as they may be lower and they will honor them in store.  If they don't have what you need they will order it and have it sent to the store or directly to you for no added cost.They also stocked other gear for motorcyclists. It was nice to see knowledgeable staff who knew the products vs some minimum wage workers.Just as a note check the hours as they are not always open.
5	These guys rock!  In an industry where women are so often ignored, they see us as riders first and foremost.  If they don't have what you want, they will order it, often with no obligation to buy it even if you don't like it.  Customer service at its best.
1	Beware of the overzealous sales staff! I came in and got a whole lot of help in getting a properly fitted helmet. The guy seemed really knowledgeable and he walked me through getting a perfect fit.Unfortunately his knowledge did not carry over into my next inquisition, (but his vibrato did) helmet audio. I asked about bluetooth in helmet speaker systems and he said that they did not carry any (which I thought was odd for a helmet store)! However he did have some "really great" speakers that I could install. He had two models and he told me that the higher priced models were just that much better. I took the bait and asked if he'd install them. Obviously he had never done this before and it became equally clear that he really didn't really have any experience with them at all.Well the speakers HAVE TO HAVE AN AMPLIFIER! There is no way you can hear much of anything without amplification. Anyone who had any knowledge or any experience with these would have known this. This guy clearly didn't know what he was selling (but that sure didn't slow him down from trying to sell them)!. So I went back to return them and I was told that they were "electronics" so therefore were not returnable.So if the ONLY thing you want is a helmet ... not a bad place. If you want advise on anything else ... perhaps this is not the best place for inquiring.
5	There are good business owners and there are bad ones. The owner of this place is one of those really good ones. After my original review the owner wrote me and offered to take back my electronics purchase even though it was not their police to do so. And the best part was that he explained himself in a very not confrontational manner. He knew the employee, explained that he was new(er) and that having thousands of items (and they do!) that it's difficult for new people to know each and everything. I completely agree.So with that in mind I am TOTALLY revising my review. The sales staff assisting me was AMAZINGLY helpful in picking out the proper fit/helmet for me. I HIGHLY recommend you (at the very least) buy your first helmet HERE ... the learning experience is bar none.And one more thing ... one of the first things my salesman asked me was "how much are you willing to spend?". And that one always get's my dander up as what almost always happens after that question is "the up sell" ... NOT here. I told him I wanted to spend around $100-200 ... and he took me right to some than he liked that were in the low $100 range. That means a lot to me ... the guy was clearly a pretty honest and good dude!
5	From the moment Dave walked up to help, I knew he understood my helmet needs, fit, and concerns. All the staff made us feel welcome and appreciated, for that matter. Because they are all motorcyclists, they know their helmets, and are enthusiastic, to boot. Thank you!
5	Don Can-Am Spyder -- I'm a new rider and I went to the store to look at motorcycle helmets and wound-up buying ALL of my riding gear from these guys because the owner (Dave) and sales rep (Nate), along with everyone else in the store were extremely friendly, knowledgeable and passionate about riding and safety. I also bought a Scala Communication System and Dave offered to help me set it up and get it running properly. Everyone at the Helmet Center Phoenix could not have been more helpful and professional. These guys spend a lot of time with me and their Customer Service is great!
5	I recently started riding a little Kawasaki back in forth from work to save gas. I needed a helmet but didn't want to spend a lot of money, just wanted something that works (it's a 100cc bike, I've already failed at looking cool). I knew nothing about helmets so I went to these guys for some help. The staff was available and very helpful. There was a huge selection in stock, so it wasn't difficult to find the right helmet for me. Multiple staff members checked the helmet to make sure it fit me properly. An overall great experience in a retail store, which is rare for me. Great business, I'll be going to them for all of my bike gear.
3	was here with the hubby.  Great service!
4	Went here yesterday, service was great. Bought some thick winter motorcycle gloves and was recommended some base-layer long johns. My hour long ride-in this morning in 40 degree cold was not too bad.
5	A petite former Marine (Judith?) helped me find the perfect helmet with a built in visor at a very affordable price.  Since I wear a 2XL this required swapping the lining out of a different helmet to get the color I wanted.   Be safe!  Dump your old helmet if it's more than 5 years old.   It looks fine but the impact-absorbing styrofoam beneath the lining is either compacted or rotten and will NOT afford you full protection in a crash like a new one will.  Let your helmet expire not you!  What's your life worth? Great selection of styles n sizes here
5	The owners and staff at The Helmet Center are all VERY knowledgeable and helpful, their goal is to sell you the best product for YOU not to make them money, they really DO go the extra mile to ensure you are well taken care of and your needs are met. Cannot recommend them highly enough, they are awesome.
5	Right when we walked in Brian greeted us with a smile. He asked what we were looking for, my husband had just went through a motorcycle course so he wanted to get some gear and start looking for a bike. Brian did an awesome job of explaining the differences between all of the helmets and gloves. He was very patient with us, he told my husband to try on a few helmets he liked and wear them around the store for a bit.  After being there about an hour he had finally made his decision and we got a helmet, jacket and gloves. We will definitely come back here if we need anything else, I loved that while he did a great job helping us he in no way pressured us into buying anything.
5	I had a great experience.  knowledgable staff, great selection and prices.
5	My wife and I spent nearly two hours in the store on Sunday looking for her first helmet.  Tyler and Nate spent a significant amount of that time with us, showing my wife helmet after helmet, answering her questions and making suggestions until she found the one that worked for her.  The service absolutely can not be beat.  I will shop here exclusively from now on for all my riding gear needs.
5	I went back to buy myself a helmet this time.  The owner was there and he helped me to identify the best helmet and then ensure I had the proper fit.  He was able to answer all of my questions and made me feel as if I was the most important customer in there despite a crowded store.  Again can not recommend this place enough.
5	There are fewer and fewer retail establishments left that are customer-oriented. National chains and internet stores don't give the personal experience that a "brick and mortar," "owner-operated," type of store does. Video reviews online can help with a little info, but really, nothing compares to holding, trying on, and properly fitting a helmet/gloves/jacket/whatever with the hands-on help of a person who is knowledgable and interested in the stuff they sell. There have been a few occasions where I watched some videos online to slightly narrow down my selection, but I always spend some time in the store to get things ordered and fitted properly.Like others have said, all of their staff is very helpful and knowledgable. The whole squad at the shop works well together, and there's never a feeling of pressure to buy something. Helmets, jackets, boots, race suit, exhaust, oil, tires - I order it all through them. No need to go to multiple places all around town.
5	My husband brought me here to look at helmets because I needed a new one. One of the owners greeted us and although they were busy, spent a large amount of time explaining the differences. I was only interested in a pretty helmet and my husband wanted safety.  These guys helped us with both and we bought the beautiful Shoei rf1200 Duchess. LOVE it!  Thanks!
5	Owner operated without boutique prices.  Let's be honest, when it all comes down to it, money is money and we work hard to get it.  You can hop online and shop looking for the best deals, and take risks that things may not fit 100% perfectly, and that we may not be 100% happy with our purchase.  Well, stop doing that.  Head to The Helmet Center and get everything you need for riding except the motorcycles (or ATV's, etc...)  You will get the best pricing, and THE BEST service around.  An avid motorcycle rider and RiderCoach, I've been on two wheels since I was seven years old.  Now, at 43, I find that there were better helmets out there that fit like they were custom made.  I stopped by The Helmet Center just to try on helmets (intending to then go online to buy) and had Christian size my melon. I have been wearing the wrong size and ill fitting brain buckets all these years.  Then, when I discussed pricing, found that I cannot find a better price online.  I even compared their pricing on products I can find at places like Wal-Mart (example Frogg-Toggs).  The pricing was BETTER than what I found at Wal-Mart.  Surprised the hell outta' me.These guys know what they're doing.  They are owner operated and CARE about my needs and desires.  They treat customers like friends, and are fiercely competitive with their prices.  I am not an employee or paid for my opinion.  I'm just one happy customer.Whatever moves you, Ride Smart.
5	Tony was a lot of help. I told him what i was wanting and where i had found the helmet. He told me the pros and con about what i was looking at. I went back the next day to buy my helmet, Tony was not there but another worker was more then willing to help.  Will be going back here for more stuff.
5	I recently purchased a new helmet and boots from The Helmet Center. It was a great experience, from start to finish. Everyone I talked to was very friendly, willing to help and extremely knowledgeable.Prices were great, I was able to get a top quality helmet and boots within my budget.I would definitely recommend The Helmet Center to anyone looking for motorcycle gear!
5	I drove 45 minutes north to get to this place because of all the good reviews. Definitely absolutely worth it. Employees here are EXTREMELY helpful and knowledgable, and helped me feel good about spending 500 bucks !!! Awesome place!!
5	I went into the helmet store yesterday after being  recommended to them after taking the intro to riders course at ridesmart. Nate who is one of the managers was VERY helpful and took a lot of time to help me getting a new helmet. He measured my head and talked about how helmets differ and what the best protection would be. He then took more time and attention and helped me with a pair of gloves. He sat and talked with me about motorcycles and gave me tips on riding as well as recommending a good bike shop. He even offered to look at my bike I purchased if I rode it in. They truly  went above and beyond in service. Being a new rider and a female walking into a shop can be intimidating but everyone who worked there where very knowledgeable and helpful. Special thank you to Nate. I'll be telling all the riders I know to stop in.
