5	Traveled all the way from Los Angeles to get a window repaired here due to a friends recommendation. Well worth the trip! Rick does excellent work and even had him make a few new windows for me.Fast service, a real artist and extremely helpful and professional. It's amazing how adding some color and light can really add to the architecture of your home!
5	I am the owner of the Sacred Heart, and my heart swells with joy each morning that I descend my staircase to view the magnificent, stained glass work of art standing above it which Rick created for me!  This window is approximately 30" by 30" and sits in the second story of the house above the front door.  Inside, it casts amazing color on the walls of my staircase leading almost directly from the front door to the bedroom corridor.  From all visible points within the living room and den on the first story, it commands one's eyes upward with its bold design and intensity of color.  I joked with Rick that the top step is my new place to enjoy my morning coffee!Rick recently turned a vague wish for stained glass beauty in my home into reality within six short, fun weeks of planning and consultation--half the time offered in a quote from a leading competitor.  I learned to appreciate the beauty of stained-glass art from my Mom who refurnished the windows of my parents' home with beveled glass and two stained glass windows, both of which featured the French Fleur-De-Lis; however, I did not know to whom to turn as my Mom's contact was no longer available.  A chance encounter with Rick at Glass Art Studio has resulted in a gift which gives continuously and will be passed on as an heirloom even if the house eventually changes hands.  From the beginning, Rick has brought enthusiasm, flexibility, fairness and dedication to the project.  I did not expect Rick to even brainstorm until he received a concrete commitment from me in the form of a down-payment, but once I spoke to him casually over the phone, he conjured up a portfolio of sketches which he brought to our first meeting.  I was impressed that he took me seriously even before he knew we would work together!  Rick is very fairly priced, and he is open to suggestions and willing to make modifications with you until you have your vision complete.  I am pleased to inform you that he is now working on a sidelite and two transoms for me.Las Vegas is a richer community because of Rick and Southwest Stained Glass!
5	I found the owner Rick to be exceptionally responsive to my request. He showed up on time for both the estimate and the installation. He had several ideas of how to make and install the shelves for my home.  And he delivered what he promised. His work was great and prices are very competitive. I will definitely use him in the future for all my glass needs.
5	What an amazing experience to work with Rick, who designed and educated me about the possibilities of different types of glass.  The result is better than my wildest dreams.  Go to his website and look under Projects, to see the beautiful kitchen windows he produced and installed.  The windows do exactly what needed doing--letting light into a dark room, shielding my neighbor's house from my view, while allowing me to see the sky and treetops.  The light is diffused so that it looks like sparkling sun on ocean waves, and it totally changes the feeling of my home.  Rick is completely professional, down-to-Earth, easy to work with.  Highly recommend using him.  S. Benoff
