4	I have ordered here several times and have recieved an excellent meal, with quailty food, and correctly made everytime. I think if you order a meal you get a free drink. I like this place.
5	Being accustomed to near-flawless Mexican food from San Diego, I have to admit I was a little hesitant to try what Phoenix had to offer. On the menu at Poli's, I was taken aback by the California Burrito, which normally is a ubiquitous staple for every local in SD. Could it be? Judging by the menu, the ingredients were the same. I must try it. The burrito itself was long and must've weighed over a pound. The inner-ratio was spot on and the overall portions generous. The carne asada showed no signs of gaminess and the texture amongst the fries, meat, and cheese was of ethereal nature. Best of all, it costs about a dollar less than any California Burrito I've had in California.  An epiphanic sensation, I have now bent over and assumed my new standard for what is the California Burrito... in Arizona.
4	My quest for the perfect breakfast burrito near my hood led me to Poliberto's this morning. At $3.25/breafastirito, their prices are good.My potato/egg/cheese burrito was tasty & so was their hot sauce. The green is hotter than the red.I added guacamole to my rito when I ordered, but when I got home and started gouging myself & chowing down, I was a bit disappointed to find that the bit of guac was concentrated almost entirely near the bottom of the burrito. Other than the guac skimping, I thoroughly enjoyed the burrito & will most likely be back. The quest continues!
5	Still have not had a bad meal here yet. The places is quick, clean and excellent. I am moving my rating to to 4.5 stars.
5	Definitely the best tasting burrito store in Phoenix. So far everything has been fresh and well seasoned, especially the Carne Asada Burritos. Yummy! Definitely reminds of me San Diego Mexican Food. A+
5	Yes I did vote this with a five star! It is the best fast food Mexican joint on the West side of Phoenix. When I want fast food Mexican carne asada burritos I come here! It's not the closest Mexican shop to my house, but dang it, when I moved out to phoenix, you know I tried to hit every Mexican shop I could to try and find the best flavored carne asada meat. And this was the best I could find. I come here at least once or twice a month. I always get one of two people that are working the same drive through window. The price's are down right awesome for the quality of food you get. The red hot sauce reminds me of home, it's not firey hot but gives the food a wonderful taste. If your a So-Cal native and miss your Mexican food try here, it's not exactly the same but it will fill that void we all have. "Cheers Polibertos!!"
5	This place is great!I was looking for a quick place to grab lunch close to work, but wanted to try something I had never tried before. I grabbed my phone and popped open the Yelp app, and started looking. I saw this place and decided to give it a try.I was not disappointed. I ordered the California burrito and added Guac. The price was around $6 with a drink. I received my meal quickly and was pleased to see that the tortilla was hot and fresh. It looked and tasted like it had been made on the premises. The ingredients were tasty and hot!I will definitely come back!
4	Poli is a little different than some of the other ~bertos places, with a bit of variety in the menu and a bunch of quality in the food.The place is clean and the booths are quite cushy and comfortable.It was good, but fuhDANGah i can't be loose enough to give 'em more than a 4.0The Carnitas taco was great.  (that's pork for the gringos and recent transplants) It came in full size, not tiny, soft corn tortillas, with roasted pork chunks covered in a drizzle of "guac-like sauce / saucy guac" and some pico de gallo.  The pork was standout - tasty and tender and not dry at all.The Pollo (chicken, Guero!) taco was good, as well, but not the best I've had.  Shredded chicken was moist, sure, but this stuff is always precooked and waiting in a watery broth to be tong'd out into a waiting shell, so not too hard to be decent.  Poli's was average to good in the meat, generous with lettuce and cheese, but the hard corn shell was not the right consistency and crumbled into my hand as i ate.There was a Carne Asade Nacho (grilled meat and chips, Pan Blanco!) plate that was about a foot in diameter and about a third as high.  It looked impressive, but the meaty bit I sampled had a wierd taste -- good at first, but then almost 'fishy' later.  Who knows. 8^ |NQI Napkin Quality Index : poor, not the worst i've encountered, but only a 2 star napkin experience, as best.I will be making more return visits, but this does not earn the title of the best hole in the wall mexican joint from me.  (A title a Somethingberto's near you is wishing hard that they had!)
5	Found a new favorite. The Carne Asada Nachos. Loaded with meat, cheese, sour cream and chips. I assume they come with Guac too but I forgo that part. Be sure to get pico with it. The kids said the bean burritos were not as good as before. BUT said the tacos were yummy. David may be on to something.
4	4 stars is a respectable rating and Polibertos Bell Rd serves respectable meals.  Great taste (love their salsa verde) and large portions.  Good stuff, exactly what it seems to be, fast Mex food.  Been there several times and I'll be back many more.
4	Back again, this time for a California Burrito.  Tasty, warm and I got 4 containers of that wonderful Salsa Verde.Thank you
4	Ok so I read the other reviews about the carne asada and the california burrito.  I recently got back from San Diego (I know how you SD people are all about your mexican food) and had enjoyed my first "California Burrito"! the one I got there had french fries in it.  So I just rolled over to Polibertos.  Theirs has potatoes they did however sub the potatoes for fries and it was a good burrito. The burrito was 4.50!  So even though they don't make it with french fries and they are close to the house and I can get one for under 5 bucks. 4 stars and I'll be back.
4	Portion size was great.. a little to much for me but most people would find that as a huge plus. I got the carne asada burrito!! YUMM YUMM. i tried all the salsas too. they were very good. the service was friendly and the food was good what else could you ask for! final.. Price was nice, food was great! service with a smile! I will be back for seconds :)
3	Was starving because of being stuck at work so I quickly yelped "taco's" and found this place right down the street. I knew it was there but it's always empty and I am not fond of eating at places that are empty.However, it wasn't bad...it wasn't wonderful either. I had the carne asada tacos and the meat was surprisingly steak like instead of thin like carne usually is. The tacos were STUFFED full of meat, a lot of onions and all that.Overall, it was ok. Perfect for a quick meal like I needed that day.
2	I could barely bite through the stale fish in my fish tacos. And the beans and rice did not save the day. I won't be back.
3	Okay, this should be 3.5 stars - but I rounded down because of the price uppings on the menu...which I understand - but the duct tape was a bit tacky. They could have at least gone with some masking tape. :)Food was good. I even branched out from my normal 'Bertos ordering of the carnitas plate ("It just happens to be my favorite, and I order it ... in every dive I go to in this country"...name that actor that I'm paraphrasing).I didn't branch out too much - went carnitas taco and 3rolled tacos with guac. Guac was good, a bit less chunky thatn I prefer, but not bad. Coulda been spiced up a bit...I suspect its more of an avocado puree than a true guac. Carnitas had good shells (2 soft/warm corn, like it should). Nice crust on the meat. Really seared it well. Can't remember what GF had...shredded beef tacos I'd bet. That's her 'Berto's go-to. All in all, not bad. If anyone can explain that wooden structure hanging below the drop ceiling for no apparent reason, I'd like to hear what your theory on it is. We'd stop in again, but there's a few other 'Berto's just as close (or closer) that we'd probably hit up first.
5	Don't let the appearance fool you. Great food, huge portions. The fish tacos were very tasty. Their carne asada is hard to beat.
4	1st time here, ordered the chorizo burrito to which I added potato, cheese and bacon...came out to almost $7 but it was huge and delicious!  Only ate half before I got full and saving the rest for later. Will return soon.
3	Tortas are monstrous but not as tasty as I hoped, the onion and tomatoes in my sandwich were tough. I wish the horchata was self serve, its delicious!.
4	Ate here today after work!  The exclamation point was unnecessary because I eat here a lot after work on Fridays.  Also eat here a lot on Saturday mornings.  That explains my weight gain.  The green sauce.  Get the green sauce/salsa.  Everything is good that I've ever had but the green sauce/salsa takes it to the next level!  Eff that red B.S!  Go green!  Usually get a taco and burrito.  Good prices, great green sauce/salsa!  Is it salsa or is it sauce?  You be the judge!
2	I was in the area and dropped by to grab a bite to eat.  It looks like many of the Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area, so I was expecting it to be pretty good.  Boy was I disappointed!  Here's what I ordered:Carne Asada Taco, $3.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/polibertos-phoenix?select=T9aXK2Wj3MhupooxqD_k4Q#T9aXK2Wj3MhupooxqD_k4QCarnitas Taco, $2.65http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/polibertos-phoenix?select=GamyRxhVKMb4tbQR-ss9jw#GamyRxhVKMb4tbQR-ss9jwBeans, Rice, Cheese Burrito, $2.99 + $.065 (Rice)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/polibertos-phoenix?select=ZOK8OWJR0DTI8bC0-kfSYw#ZOK8OWJR0DTI8bC0-kfSYwThe portion size is very large, so you get your money's worth as far as quantity, but the quality was terrible.I tried the Carnitas Taco first....took one bite and immediately didn't like it.  Why?  The Carnitas was "rubbery" and lacked flavor...it was bland.  It was so gross, I only took 2 bites hoping the 2nd would be better (it wasn't), so I didn't finish it.Next was the Carne Asada Taco....took one bite and was underwhelmed.  The Steak had a lot of fat and was "chewy".  It also didn't taste good to me and I didn't finish that either.Last was the Beans/Rice/Cheese Burrito.  I was hoping it would salvage my meal, but sadly it didn't.  It was very salty and the Beans tasted like they'd been sitting around for a while.  It didn't taste fresh.  The saltiness was very hard to overcome and I also didn't finish that portion.I threw way 1/2 of my meal....that's why I gave this place 2 Stars.  It was the worst I've had since moving to the Phoenix area.Return Factor - 5%
1	Absolutely disappointing.Me and my father used to frequent this location after discovering that their food was fairly good compared to our local ramiros, but boy has it ever gone down hill!First things first, my order was completely wrong. I ordered one red chilli burrito, two shredded beef tacos, 5 rolled chicken tacos and 8 cheese mini chimis.1. The red chilli burrito:--First I'd like to mention that we did in fact NOT receive the red chilli burrito, but instead we were given the chicken burrito with green chilli sauce. It had a spiciness to it, but eventually we stopped half way and decided it wasn't worth it after looking at the rest of the meal.2. The shredded beef tacos.--The beef didn't taste bad, but the tacos weren't even crispy! not to mention the box was FULL of grease at the bottom. YUCK!3. The rolled chicken tacos.--Obviously they had been double fried. Most likely a wrong item from a previous order or was cooked by accident and then pulled out again when the item was ordered. Full of grease, overcooked, tasteless meat... not to mention the guacamole that came with it was already slightly turning brown.4. Mini chimis--I ordered cheese and got a mixture of half cheese and half some sort of mystery meat that I couldn't determine what it was. I ended up cutting these up and feeding them to our dog, to which I discovered that these were also most likely double-fried and also seemed to be getting old as the meat was appearing to change color.All in all, we are EXTREMELY disappointed! The food used to be so much better... so what happened?!!?! Food is clearly going bad and food is being double-fried to give off the impression that it was fresh!We will NOT be returning here. I'm sad I spent 17 good dollars here on shitty food.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	This place is not only the worst, as they always run out of food. They have their employees working over 100hrs without paying them and they only report up to 40 hrs to EDD so they wont pay overtime. The food is extremely over priced and the cashiers have no customer service skills!!!! Think twice before stoping in to eat here!!!!
