5	five five.... FIVE.i love love this place, although admittedly it has some nostalgia to its credit, but thats not the reason you can find me eating there once a week. I've eaten at 4 different pizza factory's in my travels (2 in CA, 1 in WA) but this is by far my favorite! its a little on the smaller side but its worth it. My husband eats lots of other things there, sandwich's & pizza and likes it to. I bring everyone here, out of towner's & in towner's and they are always pleased. The owner and his family are on staff and they are always nice. Please stop by and let everyone know how tasty this place is and Be sure to try the garlic beadsticks... delicious. oh and did i mention i travel 15mins from goodyear for this place. i think its that worth it.
1	First let me say Customer Service, Yah Right!!!!! This pizza place had no customer service at all, the Soda Machine was not working right, all the soda tasted like the soda was Soooooooo Old, the pizza was not that good had an after taste that I don't care to taste again. when asked for change for the candy machine they would not give. WOULD NOT EVER EAT THERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!! Beware of this crappy place.......
3	This is a difficult review to write.  My family started eating here when they first opened. We were a once a week customer. Very happy with the food and service, pizza is delicious. Then one evening, we placed our order asking for the special we always get, a 2 pizza deal.When we received our order, they placed 2 medium pizzas on our table. I immediately asked about the pizza size as we had always received 2 large pizzas as advertised.  It turns out they have 2 specials, a 2 medium pizza deal and a 2 large pizza deal.The employee never asked which deal and the fact that we were there with 5 people should have prompted them to ask me to specify which deal.I spoke to the owner of this location he agreed to make us another medium pizza to make up the size difference to which I agreed to.Nearly 10 minutes later, the owner came to our table and told us that if he made us another pizza, he was going to have to charge us for it.I refused and now nearly 2 years later, we have chosen not to return to this establishment. My money is important to me and it should be as important to any business, especially a small local business...I now choose a place slightly further away, but one that appreciates its customers.Pizza - deliciousCustomer appreciation - needs improvementHope some changes have been made over the last couple of years
1	I've had better frozen pizza! This place seems to do decent business, but the pizza was soggy and the toppings almost seemed like they were tossed on at the end of being baked.  The cheese and sauce was bland.  I would not suggest buying a pizza here.  The place was clean and the people friendly, but get pizza elsewhere.
2	Used to love this pizza but it is just not good anymore.  The pizza seems over cooked lately and less flavorful.  I had one slice and decided it wasn't very good.  As for the wings, yuck!  I watched the owner take them from a bag of wings (Tyson) you get at Fry's.  He put them through the pizza oven and when they went through, he put them back through one more time and served it.  No wing sauce, no celery sticks and just plain wings.  Yuck!  Husband tried one and hated it.  Time to go back to Argento's.
2	Sadly, I have to give a 2-star review to 5-star tasting pizza because the owner is rude and has no customer service skills at all! I am so angry that a place that serves such delicious pizza is run by a man with a nasty attitude that does not know how to appreciate his customers. A word to the wise for the owner: Have your wife or son take care of the front of house and please stay in the back, away from customers. You are going to end up out of business and it will be your own fault. The pizza is hands down the best pizza I have ever eaten but I would rather gag down some frozen pizza than to be treated like garbage by someone who is making money off of me. Without us (your customers) you do not have a business! Remember that and adjust your attitude accordingly or you will be out of business and flipping burgers in short order!
4	Love this place as a alternative to the big pizza joints in town. Pizza always seems fresh and does not have that generic pizza taste, very unique. Defiantly try there garlic bread spears as a cheap side. Under 4 bucks and they are very filling between 2 people.Only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is due to how greasy the pizza is. Super good, but very greasy.
3	I only give them a three because the food in this town is so bad. However, there were two Pizza factory's back home in WA and they were both really good. So, I paid almost $25 for a pizza here. I asked them when I called if it was the same as all the other ones. They said yes...I explained that just because they stated didn't mean it was true and that Pizza Hut and Domino's here were awful.That being said, you would think they would try to do well.The toppings were very scarce and the cheese more scarce then the toppings. I am seriously only giving it three stars, it deserves two, because I am so tired of giving negative reviews.I am doing them all tonight because I am fed up. I am going to learn how to make everything myself. I am a good cook but it's a lot of effort. And part of the problem is that living in Buckeye, AZ you can't even get a decent grocery store....
3	Good pizza.  Reminds me of Round Table Pizza in California.  One stupid rule is they want coupon from mobile website to be printed.  Save a tree already.  What's importance is printed vs seeing on a smartphone.
4	Our first visit here and we we're pretty happy with everything. Had domestic beer on tap with a salad bar and the pizza was really good. The thing I might suggest is to ditch the cheap paper plates and styrofoam salad bowls and up grade to either hard plastic or better disposable dishes. It's nice to find a sit down pizza place with a beer.
4	*update, don't waste your time checking in to get the free breadsticks.Guy taking order was kinda rude about it saying they don't honor it
