5	This clothing store reminds me of Alice in Wonderland and France. Seriously, I could totally see Carla Bruni sipping some Champagne in the south of France in an Anthropologie Champagne flute wearing an Anthropologie dress and toting a matching Anthropologie clutch. THAT is the vibe you get when you walk into the store. I particularly love their dresses and skirts; all are made out of beautiful and unique fabrics!!! I have a couple of them I have worn to friend's weddings and special occasions, and have always walked away with numerous compliments. Over the years, I have lost a few pounds (WHOOHOO!!) and these are the only articles of clothing that I bothered to get altered for the simple fact that I love them so much!!!! Great sales rack, too, with a variety of clothing and awesome discounts (I am talkin 40-60% off steals). Also, a perfect place to find unique gifts for friends or cute things for your apartment. Only downside: their non-sale items can fall in the pricey catagory...which makes you feel a little bummed that you can't go full out nuts in this store :(
4	By my standards, this place is ridiculously overpriced, but I shop there anyway.  It takes a bit of work.  The styles and fabrics are, shall we say, interesting.  Meaning that about 5% are so shockingly awesome that it's as if they contain some magnetic device drawing me and my wallet to the checkout counter, and the other 95% are--well, strange would be a polite word for it.  Fashionable clothing is like that:  eye-catching fabric thrown together in creative ways, lumps here, gaps there, and oh!  what's  that interesting little piece of flesh I'm exposing down there?One thing I especially like is that they've got lots of styles that suit my figure, nice and drapey on the top, but fitted around the waist and hips.  (My bra size is 32Y, as in "Y bother?")   Garments tend to be delicate and expensive, best worn for work and special occasions, rather than home and play.  Since wardrobe basics are cheaper elsewhere, I think of Anthropologie as a place to go when I'm looking for splashes of color and style.The sales staff has always been friendly and helpful.  They let you do your business, but there's someone there to help when you have a question or need something.  Their sale room is crammed with both clothing and shoppers.  The deals are excellent, though I can't say I've ever found anything in there.  Just shopping in this place is so enjoyable; when you get tired of looking at clothes, you can always check out enameled Victorian doorknobs or jewelry made from antique typewriter parts, or whatever else they've got lying around.So don't go when you're in a hurry.  And try everything on at LEAST once, taking a good look at what might be hanging out the back of that cute little pair of slacks.
2	The clothes are cute-but vastly overpriced. Unless you are a typical size four,or have never had children, you're out of luck. The staff are rude and unfriendly.... consistently. No one smiles in here. A big downer.
3	Weeeeeeeeeeeeell, here's the thing. When you walk into an Anthropologie you need to know what you're getting  into: 1. Overpriced wares that you probably don't need.2. That are uber trendy.3. And will look very out of place in 6 months. It's exactly what I was looking for, exactly why I went, but my experience was super lame. Their housewares instead of consolidated to one area as is typical in their stores is spread out. It was extremely difficult to navigate and even harder to tolerate because there wasn't anyone there to point out where I could find shower curtains. I canvased the entire store (you have to because again there are towels over here, plates over there, dishes next to blouses and napkin rings by the capri pants) and still came up short. I decided after frantically searching for 15 minutes and not able to find a single person to ask it was time to move on. Bummer too. I really wanted an overpriced uber trendy out of style in six months shower curtain for my new bathroom.
