5	I was referred to Paw Prints Pet Supplies by a friend who visited the store for some ear medicine for her pooch. I went in for some advice on good dog food, since my husband and I have five dogs, ranging from 9-100 lbs. Joan recommended a high-quality dog food and my dogs just love it! She also carries canned food that looks good enough for people to eat! Needless to say, I think our dogs now eat better than we do! lol The great thing is, the dry dog food we're now using is only a few dollars more than the grocery store brand we were using, but it lasts much longer because there are no fillers...and it's so much healthier for our four-legged friends. I also got some canned food for the cat and he loves it, too! I don't imagine we'll go anywhere else from now on!
3	I was going to give it two stars, but its family owned and they are sweet.
5	I went there to find a toy my sons new pup and they were so helpful....nice people.
5	I went here for the first time to check out their cat food. This store is pretty small but the knowledge of the woman who was working there was full of knowledge.  She also informed she could give me a sample of the food they carried so I could try it out.  The woman was very pleasant and it is a local store so it gets five stars from me.
5	Very knowledgeable staff and always gives to charity!!! True animal lovers are at this store! Treats, high quality dog food are always available. If you are a new pet pawrent and have questions stop by Paw Prints they are more than happy to help!
5	Paw Prints is a great locally-owned pet food and supply store.  The staff are all pet lovers and knowledgeable about pet food products and pet diet concerns.  The shelves are stocked with pet foods that are a mixture of vegetables and meat, fish, or poultry to ensure your pet is getting everything they need (and none of the questionable ingredients of the generic pet food).  They also carry a lot of treats and toys if you're looking to get something for your pup to play with.If you want some higher-end designer beds or products for your pet, they carry a lot of that as well.  Good people, good products--wonderful staff.
5	I only shop here for my cat's food. You'll find a variety of high-quality and grain-free foods. Store is always clean, staff is helpful, and sometimes there is a lovely, well-behaved doggie to greet me! This is not a megastore like those chain pet stores, but I prefer to support local businesses and this is certainly one worth patronizing.  If it's your first time going, it is located in the mall at Pebble & Green Valley, next to the Chase bank.
5	This is the best place for anything for your pets. I've been coming here for years and won't go anywhere else. Joan, the owner is incredible, my Pug Bruno had been having non stop ear infections, and she suggested this great ear cleaner, and it's better than any stuff you get from the vet. My moms dog is terrified of thunderstorms and Joan suggested a thunder shirt, and now Buddy barely suffers like he used to. My Shar-Pei had bad ski lesions on his legs and Joan suggested a different food, and he is all better. I get treats for my pups, all of their food, a lifejacket for my Pug Bruno who's picture is proudly displayed in the store. Joan always has fun parties here with a great photographer throughout the year. A special mention to her 2 adorable Labs, Torque and Priceless, who can be found sometimes working here, and are the sweetest Labs in town! Go see Joan, she is the best!!!!
5	Great place to fine high quality and grain-free foods. If you need a special pet food they will order it for you.
5	This is my favorite pet supply store in Vegas. It may not be the biggest shop in town but Joan the owner  always gets in the best quality, healthy products and will order anything you need and have it in the shop super quickly.  She's so helpful and will help you to find the best food for your dog(s).  She is up to date on all products and always super helpful with helping me to my car with the giant bags of dog food :) I only shop here.  Customer service like this is almost extinct nowadays.  Stop In and check it out , You'll love it there :)
5	I used to frequent petco/petsmart but this is absolutely the best pet store in Las Vegas/Henderson area. I wont go anywhere else as long as I live in Vegas. High quality products and customer service. Our pets are healthier and happier after finding paw prints!  Highly recommend at least checking it out!
5	This is a great little gem in Henderson.  They only carry the best healthy products for your pets. The owner knows everything there is to know about healthy foods for your pet and I trust her recommendations. She is obviously a huge animal lover and my dogs are always excited for their belly rubs!
5	Great shop with product that isn't always carried  in your bog standard pet store - lots of things my finicky cats will actually eat!  the owner is super nice and helpful.  If you are in luck, you may meet her two pups too!
5	The only store in Las Vegas I found that carries specialty dog food brands as well as cat food brands.  Great store!  Good prices! and very friendly staff :-)
5	The owner is a wonderful lady who was immensely helpful with picking treats and food for our rescue dog. Gave us some things to try out as well as helpful tips. Clean store, adorable dogs, and amazingly helpful. We will absolutely be back!
