3	This little shop seems to cram quite a few books into its space without seeming cluttered.  It is simply wall-to-wall books packed tightly into the shelves.  They also put out a sale box on the stoop without too much fanfare, and are open a bit later than I would expect (it was early evening but I don't remember the exact time).  The proprietor was painfully indifferent on the day that I was there but that's par for the course with bookstore owners.  Lots of fiction here.
4	I had only ever been on this street at nighttime, to get from one bar to another and had never really noticed this small and dusty looking bookshop. However, when the sun was out I decided to venture along here. It's a bit like the series of Black Books although minus Bernard Black. It's a sweet place, worthy if you like looking at bargain second hand books. I quite have a romantic ideal for places such as this one as opposed to new overpriced flashy bookshops which also serve lattes and comfy couches. I prefer my bookshops to be from top to bottom with books, tumbling at the corners and the people running them not really sure what's in them or not. Add to this a sales box with tatty looking books and I can spend an age in here.
4	I've given Armchair Books four stars, but it's mainly for the sheer range of books which they have on offer.  The guy who owns this place really isn't the most friendly.  He has a sign up on his front door telling people not to urinate in the dorrway - fair enough.  However, he also has another snide, obnoxious litte note trying to belittle people who are too 'afraid' to ask for help or something along those lines!  It's a bit pointless and gives people a flavour of what sort of a guy they are going to be greeted with once inside.  He keeps a beady little eye on you at all times and tries to give the impression that he's some sort of intellectual fiend.  Anyway, the books are all in relatively good condition for a second hand shop.  He stocks an excellent range of fiction as well as non-fiction.  You can find some really specific material in here, from 1950s sci-fi to critical responses to Nixon's presidency.  In this sense it really isn't your average second hand bookshop as there's shelf after shelf of material on subjects you may never even have heard.  It's a pretty enlightening experience to have a short look around, but the owner's attitude kind of spoils it a bit.
5	If only all bookshops were like Armchair...An independent, secondhand bookshop on West Port, it's spread across two shops and has a ramshackle charm that's hard to resist. There's bookshelves from floor to ceiling and although most of them are arranged in alphabetical order, it feels a world apart from the neatly arranged displays of Waterstones and Blackwell. Subject wise, Armchair is more rewarding too with a distinct absence of chick-lit, cheap thrillers and celebrity biographies. Instead you'll find rows of contemporary, classic and prize-winning fiction, poetry, plays and science fiction alongside factual books, encylcopedias and antequarian books. Prices are reasonable and the long summer opening hours mean I usually leave with at least one or two novels.
4	Another excellent second hand book shop within such a small area! Opposite the perhaps better known "Edinburgh Books", Armchair offers just as valuable a service.Whilst perhaps not as big (though spread across two shops), Armchair Books has its shelves, from floor to ceiling, filled to the brim. As others have mentioned the collection is particularly good when it comes to classic fiction and does tend to not cover the cheap, pop, chick-lit genres quite so well.However I was impressed that beside works by Tolstoy and Chekhov, Byron and Shelley, there was also a range of really great graphic novels on offer. I managed to pick up the first four volumes of Mike Mignola's Hellboy for a bargain!I didn't have the same problem with the proprietor when I was in as others seem to have, perhaps I got him on a good day.
5	Edinburgh = UNESCO City of Literature = Second hand bookstores EVERYWHERE. Seriously, throw a stone and you'll hit ten irritable booksellers with crumbling shelves and tweed elbow patches. I do absolutely plan on reviewing them all, starting with my favs.Armchair books is the best bookstore in this fine city. I have pumped some crazy hours into this place, mostly browsing as it took me a while to build up the courage to buy from the shopkeep. My first few visits we both ignored each other, me slowly searching for my usual Bukowski-esque team of favourite authors and him playing jangly folk song after jangly folk song on his laptop. Once he began to recognise me, it became almost like a standoff, with him waiting to see the cut of my jib and me not wanting to disappoint. And disappointment was not felt! We have some similar tastes in fiction and like some of the same writers. I have second-hand bookstore-cred! Woo!Did you enjoy 'The Help'? Do you LOVE Alexander McCall Smith? Have you ever read a Katie Price book?This might not be the shop for you.
5	This place is awesome! It's a cosy wee maze of shelves with all the book I have been meaning to keep an eye out for. For some reason this place seems to have all that I'm after- even two (TWO!!!) old 19th centuary books that I've been keeping an eye out for that I've never seen anywhere else. And OMG IT HAD BROWN'S BIBLE DICTIONARY!!!! (I'm not a religious obsessive- just geeky).Most importantly- the staff are just the lovliest! Just nice and friendly and even offered a wee discount which was really nice. The good customer service is what makes me want to go back which isn't good cos I'm buying books faster than I can read right now...
5	A treasure trove of books--both rare and mainstream--that made me feel like Belle in "Beauty and the Beast" when I walked in. Shelves to the ceiling staked with all sorts of books, sci-fi fantasy to poetry. I was confronted with Tolkien as soon as I came in the door and knew I had found my happy place. They give student discounts, and the books are really cheap. It's a delight! Go!
