5	Wow.  That was awesome!  We were walking down Fremont and noticed that this comedy show was starting soon and figured we'd check it out.  Well, thank God we did!  Hands down one of the funny people I have ever seen!  Absolutely brilliant!  From start to end, the entire theater was laughing hysterically!  I can't say enough!  This is a MUST see if you are on Fremont St. or really anywhere in Vegas.  Make the trip, you won't be disappointed.  You can't beat it, especially for the price.  I'd pay three times the amount to watch him again!
5	My husband and I caught this show on our last trip to vegas. We wanted to do something different besides the strip as we've seen that 100 times before. We heard that Fremont Street was a must visit. My husband spotted this comedy show and we decided to go in. I am personally not a huge comedy show fan but I have to admit that my sides were hurting from laughing so hard! Patrick was very funny, witty, and absolutely entertaining. Definitely put this on your to do list next time you are in vegas. I would watch it again.
5	Patrick and MatildaThe show was the most entertaining experience I've had in Las Vegas! I went to this show on Friday the 21st of August. I was invited by a friend of mine. It had been a while since I had been to a ventriloquist show and I was excited to go. I'm glad I did! The show was amazing from beginning to end. Patrick and Matilda share they travel anecdotes as they see the world together. Just like any traveler knows there's always funny anecdotes to be told when you get back home. That's what this show is based on. It was very engaging to the point that I didn't want it to end! For awhile I was avoiding my drink as I couldn't take a sip without trying to hold my laugh. Matilda is so funny that I wish she could come visit me just to hear about her traveling experiences around the world! She's flirtatious, honest and foxy! She and Patrick will have you laughing off your seats! I left the show wanting to see it again! I recommend every adult to see this show because it will not disappoint! My overall experience would be exceptional and will visit Patrick and Matilda again next time I'm in Las Vegas!
3	This was a cute show. Hedid a good job with the singing and about 50% of the jokes made me laugh. I brought two out of town guests, and they enjoyed it. Patrick made a few naughty references, but for the most part it was PG...for those that might prefer a more clean performance...which my guests do. To be honest, after a while, the Matilde voice got a little irritating to me. But overall it was cute.
4	So funny and quite entertaining! Thank you Patrick and Matilda for taking us on your wild ride. So enjoyable.
