4	This restaurant location has changed hands several times recently.  It was Dragon Island then Big Heng.  It's now just "Dragon".   It was purchased by a cook from San Francisco.  The restaurant was clean and cheery.  Nothings changed at all since the turn-over in that respect.  The lunch special menu had over 30 choices rangeing in price from 4.50 up to 6.00.  They all come with soup and egg roll or a salad and rice.  The egg drop soup wasn't my favorite but someone with me thought it was delicious.  I ordered the Cilantro Chicken which I hadn't ever even heard of.  It was very good.  A love cilantro and it was loaded with it and assorted veggies.  We had loved Big Heng for take-out and this is in our neighborhood so hopefully all the dishes are as good.
5	This is the new name for the old Big Heng restaurant. From what I hear, the new owners are from New York and have a long history in the business. It shows. I loved Big Heng and I love Dragon Chinese even MORE! Food is always fresh and portion size is good. The menu is much larger and has added new items like lamb and prawns. A markedly Hunan influence is evident, but spiciness was spot on with each dish we ordered. I am a wimp and get one star but my wife and son are full on wackadoodle and get the full monty 5 star level every time. Cudos guys and welcome to the neighborhood!
5	Awesome food, great service.
4	Well "Off Da Hook Soul Food" was closed and we saw this place across the street. Overall we were pleasantly surprised at the quality and authenticity. Usually shun at the sight of eggplant, except this time I felt like trying something different. The eggplant on the appetizer menu was delicious!  From what I understand it's earth, sweet and moves food stagnation in the large intestine, it also has a cooling/moving effect on the blood, along with moisturizing lungs.Since it moves blood I can see how it might help with age spots. Thanks to this place I've been turned on to eggplant! Oh and they have jasmine tea also.Qi foods! ps. next couple days my stool stayed firm and felt clean. tmi?
5	Decided to switch up my usual location. Never had it before with past owners but food was fresh and flavours were amazing. A little pricy but worth the extra penny.
5	YUM! The inside decor needs some serious love and updating, but just like Dragon Island and Big Heng, this is so yummy! Prices are normal, nothing more than around $10. My boyfriend and I got the Mongolian beef and the crispy glazed chicken, an extra side of rice, and each roll (1spring roll and 1egg roll) for $23 not including tip. Everything was wonderful!!! There wasn't one thing we didn't devour. Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	It's a small restaurant, but the food is simply amazing. This was the second occasion when my wife and me had lunch here and on both occasions we were happy with the food. The curry chicken is a delight...
5	I just found my go to Chinese food spot!  I am so sorry to my previous favorites but these guys can cook!  There is nothing better than an excellent meal with family at a very good price!  When they ask you for the level of spiciness when ordering a spicy dish it totally reminds me of the east coast.  If they would of brought out a Snapple (you know when the waiter/waitress turns the bottle upside down and gives it a few hits before serving it to you) when I asked for a tea I would of shouted Neeewww Yooorrrkkk!  In my early days as a Yelper I was handing out five star reviews like they were going out of style, then I learned that you could not rate these places any higher if they did better.  I know generally dish out four stars when I have a good experience.  This place blew me away with the flavors I tasted and is well deserving of the five stars I just gave it.  Tonight was my first trip here and there was only one other group inside.  I hope this is not the norm, if so people in the words of John L "Yelpers run, don't walk to this place"!  I want  the Dragon Chinese Restaurant to stick around for a long time.  I will be back as often as I am on this side of town.
1	Yelp rarely steers me wrong, but this time it happened. I ordered take-out and was so disappointed. The hot and sour soup was neither hot nor sour. The crab puffs were some of the worst I have had, weak and soggy with no crab. The mu shu chicken lacked flavor and I honestly think they used tortillas instead of crepes (I couldn't taste any sesame oil). The pricing was a bit high and the place was a dump. I'll stick to China Chili in the future.
5	THE number is 602-995-2122I have asked YELP to correct it.
5	This Chinese food restaurant it the real deal. Everything is made fresh to order.
4	We picked up some take out here and it seemed really clean and the employees were very nice. We tried Mongolian beef, king pao chicken and bbq pork fried rice. All were good but the favorite was the fried rice. Great big portions, awesome prices. The lunch deals are too good to pass up.
5	We had tried one or two of the previous incarnations of this restaurant and decided to to give the new ownership a try. We were not disappointed. Large, family style portions. Delicious food. The Drunken Chicken is amazing. The owner/waitress was very attentive and offered great service. She made certain that everything was to our liking. This is going to be a more frequent destination for us.
5	Huge fan, food is delicious. It's a huge menu, but we've ordered a good portion of it so far. They even have duck fried rice, which is awesome :)
4	This is a pretty good place to go if you are in the mood for fresh and local Chinese food.  We have gotten take out from there many times and the portions are large but delicious.   The veggie are fresh which is a pleasant surprise.
1	Drove by the other day, and it has a new name and a sign looking for employees. Looks like it's no longer Dragon :(
