5	Fitness, camaraderie, motivation, challenging, fun! Do not be intimidated by the hardcore workouts, as the coaches and fellow crossfitters are very helpful and extremely supportive, no matter what your fitness level is. Most days I feel like I am working out with teammates. All workouts can be scaled down to fit to your current level of ability. If you want to test yourself both physically and mentally, if you want to see real results, and if you want to be a part of a community that supports and pushes each other to improve their lives, I can think of no better place then Allied Crossfit.
5	My husband and I have seen the CrossFit competitions on tv and have always been intrigued. After months of tooling around at a regular gym and not seeing any results we decided to join a CrossFit gym. There are 2 very close by our home and we chose Allied for the schedule and pricing.  I have to admit that I was a little intimidated when I looked at the pictures on their website and saw all of the incredibly fit members. This was immediately eliminated as soon as we walked in and we spoke to the owner Gareth. Him, as well as all of the other coaches, are ridiculously down to earth and friendly. The members are a varied mix of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels. The workouts are challenging but when you finish there is an undeniable a sense of accomplishment a ton of sweat. The workouts are also different each day so you do not get bored. It has been 2 months since we joined and  I haven't missed a class yet and I've already started to see results. One thing important to know is that when you join, if you have no prior experience with CrossFit, you are enrolled in CrossFit Health classes. These classes are by no means easy they just get you acclimated to the workouts, exercises, movements and help you prepare for the next level. There is a transition class held every few months for those who would like to incorporate barbell lifts into their training and move on to the next level. The transition classes teach you proper form so that you can avoid injuries and get the maximum results when you graduate into the regular CrossFit class. If you are on the fence about trying it I urge you to take a class, you'll be hooked immediately.
5	This Crossfit box saved me. Honestly. I had started at the crossfit location only a mile away and was told by the affiliate owner that I was not welcome due to my "inferior" vegan lifestyle. I immediately reached out to Gareth and he welcomed me in right away. I have been at Allied Crossfit for three weeks now and what a huge difference. The coaches are smiling all the time. They are happy to help and celebrate your successes with you. If you are looking into crossfit, this box is the best representation of what it should be like.
5	For fifteen years I believed that I was not an athletic person. (Tripping over one hurdle in high school brought me to this conclusion, but that's another story). After joining Allied Crossfit  3-4 months ago I can honestly say that I was wrong. I am athletic. That's huge for me, and it says a lot about Allied Crossfit, because I believed that lie about myself for fifteen years.Here's a list of things that made me change my mind about myself.1.Gareth-He's the owner of the gym. He's also the heartbeat that pulsates throughout the facility. Gareth is motivated by a passion for Crossfit and what it stands for, and it's contagious, because he's passionate about the sport, his staff, and the membership. It motivates me and encouraged me to keep going. 2.Trainers- All of the trainers are knowledgeable, observant, and encouraging. I trust the instruction they give me, and they encourage me to push myself every day. Anyone can claim the role of 'trainer' at a 'gym', that doesn't mean that you should trust them. The trainers at Allied Crossfit are not posers. They are legitimate trainers you can trust. Their expertise has made me better, and has built my confidence in my athleticism.3.Members- Everyone supports each other no matter what. You don't have to be ashamed of your fitness level. There are people of all shapes, sizes, and fitness levels in the gym. There have been a couple of days where the encouragement of the members got me through the workout.I am forever changed by Allied Crossfit, and I'm thankful for it. I could go on and on. You have to experience it to get it. Stop in, and I'll chat with you about it. If I'm not there, talk to Gareth, or the trainers, or the members. We're a friendly bunch!
5	Awesome coaches, awesome gym, amazing people and all the burpees you can eat! Allied crossfit is a life changing experience.  Been with them for about 7 months and I wouldn't leave for anything!
5	This Gym is an awesome place for anyone who wants to not only be healthier and stronger, but to get in the best shape of their lives. When I first started I was very nervous thinking that there is no way I could do the stuff the other members were doing. The Coaches and staff were very supportive and encouraging. The Coaches not only make sure you are trying your best but they also make sure you are doing it without injury.    They give great advice for improvement as well as tips on eating healthy. The decision to join this gym has been one the best decisions I have ever made, not only for my health but also for the amazing support that I get from the coaches and all the other Allied CrossFit members
5	This is by far the best gym I have ever been to. I started back in November and have lost nearly 20 pounds and haven't looked back. The workouts will help you develop into a more fit and mentally stronger person. I recommend trying Allied Crossfit out, they have a great program and awesome coaches.
2	This gym is under new ownership. The new owners were very cold and the vibe was very different after they took over. My husband and I joined a new box shortly after the transition and have now seen a very different example of what CrossFit is all about. Allied has VERY CAPABLE coaches ( if they are still the same ones from the old ownership) but there is no sense of community and it is very clique-ish. One of the new coaches refused to learn anyone's name and one of the owners made fun of my husbands name to his face, if that gives you any idea. Depending on what you are looking for, this may be the place for you but my advice is to shop around and take classes at every box close to you and see which one is the correct fit for your personality and fitness needs.
