1	This was one my worst living experiences by far. The maintenance men were jerks from the jump. I parked my scooter in the future resident parking over night in the morning I found that the maintenance man had stuck a violation sticker right across the gas/mileage display. Three months after living there a couple moved in directly down stairs that would argue nightly. The police were called out on multiple occasions. Management did very little to control the noise issue. I complained several times. I later learned surrounding neighbors complained to management as well, much to no avail. The arguing went on for the remainder of my 13 month stay at the Cimarron Apartments. There are a slue of other events that took place I just haven't the time to list them all. Initially I thought I lucked up on a good location. Once the dust settled I realized I was wrong. Virtually every month I had to put in a maintenance request. Sometimes they would respond promptly occasionally I would have to wait days and even up to weeks before my request was fulfilled.
5	I trashed the pool, but it's stlill cool! :D
5	Since I move in these apartments they have been great. They always fix the issues within the same day or the very next day. They are attentive and making sure everything you request is done. Every time  I walk into the office they have a smile in their face and always willing to help. I move from a very bad apartment to the point i had to contact the regional manager because they weren't doing I requested and it took a month before they came by to look at the issue. Here these apartment are wonderful it feel great coming home and you want to walk around and have a relaxing night. Its always very clean and well kept they make sure if there is any noise they will get to issue and make they take care of it. The staff is always friendly and very nice Kristina is the nicest employee I ever met she always makes sure she follows up with you and make sure any issue it gets done. I could say the reason these apartment are great because they have Kristina. One last thing the maintenance is great always professional and very quick and very accurate with any problems. If you move in here you won't regret it.
5	I have recently moved in August. Tami was of great help in the process to moving into my new home.! She was extremely helpful with calling me and touching base as I had two jobs and was hard for me to stop by. In the couple months I have lived here, I recommend everyone who is looking for a home. My view from my apartment is great. Tami did such an amazing job with showing me around. They have remodeled the outside of the apartments, and are currently working on the office but are still open. Very very sweet people in the office.There are two very helpful Tami's & another girl named Christina. For the first couple of months I was going to them so often that they remembered my apartment number! Always very nice & glad to help. Love this place. I was very lucky to have found this place.!
