2	At osme point it feels like every other chain, organic eschewing mass supermarket in America until you get to the check out line and hear the ching, ching, ching.  There it is kids, gambling in the casino.  As if you couldn't possibly get through your need diapers and donuts experience without gambling, Food 4 Less Henderson is ready to help you continue your addiction.  Who needs diapers? Go spend the rent money on the slots.  Your kids will thank you for it!
1	I WOULD GIVE YOU NEGATIVE STARS, if I could, FOOD4BROKE!My mom slipped and fell on your slippery floors yesterday and had to be rushed to the hospital for xrays.  CLEAN your WET FLOORS!  You're a disgrace to this well-kept neighborhood.Good luck getting slapped with a personal injury suit if my mother doesn't get better.p.s. Noooobody messes with my mama!
1	Felt inclined to update my review because I'm still not over you, FOOD4BROKE.I called my mother this evening, to check up on her, and she's still in pain from your food4BROKE@SS slippery floors. If she's not getting any better within a week or two, I guarantee you'll be hearing from our lawyer.
5	Inexpensive supermarket with a bit alternative selection over Walmart or Vons. Not very unique but excellent for quick shopping for basic food items. They also have good bread and low-end cakes do not taste as low-end as in other stores. Overall much better than 7-11 :-)
3	This supermarket is average. It reminds me of a no-frills Smith's (both owned by Kroger's). Shopping here has disadvantages and advantages.   These are the disadvantages. The  interior is bland. The store is not the cleanest. Customers have to bag their own groceries. And it could be challenging to maneuver with a cart.  These are the advantages. There is a good selection at great prices. I like the fact that I do not have to deal with club cards. The employees, in general are friendly. It is convenient to Green Valley residents and commuters travelling along Green Valley Parkway and Warm Springs Road.
4	If you're idea of a "financial pinch" is your pants getting tigher from your stack of 100 dollar bills then this place isn't for you. Run from this place. run.far.away. in your segway or miata, or better yet fly away in your G-5 whatever its not for you...For the rest of us who eat just to not die of starvation. This place isn't half bad.Well kept and good variety for what it is.
3	INVESTIGATIVE REVIEW: IS KROGER'S FOOD 4 LESS CHEAPER THAN KROGER'S SMITH'S?   I shop wherever is convenient (usually by a Starbuck's). The Green Valley Parkway Food 4 Less and Smith's are two of a few supermarkets that I regularly do my food shopping. Although they are both owned by Kroger's, there is a major difference in the shopping environment. If you looked up "no frills" in the encyclopedia, Food 4 Less would be the main article. Where Smith's is modernized, Food 4 Less is worn-out. When I visit this Food 4 Less, I feel like I am doing a time-warp into the 80's. I have been told that this had been a former Albertson's location years ago. The interior is a dismal paint job that looks out of date for the late 80's. A few times that I have gone here, the shopping carts were locked together and there have been zero hand baskets. Not very welcoming. The selection in this 80's store falls short of Smith's. I cannot get my egg plant parmesan at Food 4 Less where I could get it at Smith's. By the time of checking-out there seems to be a couple of lanes open. My last impression of leaving the store is bagging my own groceries. It could be a frustrating experience when there is gridlock caused by customers leisurely bagging their groceries. The truth is that if Food 4 Less was not in the same shopping center as Starbucks, or practically across the street from my home, I would eliminate it from my supermarket routine.  Kroger's management promotes Food 4 Less as the low cost leader. In my opinion they are saving money on passing over long overdue remodels. Shopping in both stores, I realized there has been very little difference in the weight loss of my wallet. A light bulb illuminated a question in my head, "Is Food 4 Less really that much less $ than Smith's." I would become an investigative Yelper. With a pen and pad I went price comparing at both stores. What I found was unexpected. Below are the items that I compared.         Item                              Smith's       Food 4 Less       Kroger Kettle chips            $2                   $2       Aim                                 88 cents          98 cents            Egg plant parmesan           $3.99              X       Twin blade plus razors       $2.49                $2.98       Minute Made O.J.             $3.59                $2.98       Meow Mix                        $4.67                $4.38       Gallon milk                      $2.98                $2.68       rice sides                        $1                     $1       Juicy Juice                     $2.99                 $2.98       4 pound sugar                 $2.49                 $1.98       Kroger stars soup            $1.09                98 cents       Bud Ice 32 ounce           $2.09                 $1.88       Yellow onions                 89 cents            50 cents       strawberrys Lb.             $2.29                  $2.68        Total amount:                $29.45               $28.01         The conclusion of my yelp investigating is that I saved $1.44 at Food 4 Less. That difference is less than a cup of coffee at Starbuck's.Yelp Challenge Review 40 of 100.
5	This one is by far the best one I see in Las Vegas clean and nice. I really didn't care for food for less because its always dirty people is always hanging out outside in a fruit is not fresh. But the one in Green Valley is the Best I seen  try it out
3	If you didn't know Kroger owns this, Smiths and some other businesses in the Las Vegas area including a jewelry store. Anyway when I am in the area I don't mind stopping in to pick up a few things.  It does seem cleaner than some of the others ones that I have been too.  I will return
3	Haven't been to a Food 4 Less in over a year, and this location in almost three years. I remember when I used to be a huge fan of this place, doing a majority of my grocery shopping here. Now it has become the road less travelled.Only stopped in today because my mom needed her secret ingredient for Thanksgiving dinner that they only carry. Well, she was disappointed to find out that they were out.Food 4 Less stores typically block their entrance with a huge product wall with items they are featuring in their sales ad. They seemed to have steered away from that format, at least this location has. Looks a lot more open now. I stopped shopping here as often as I did when I became vegetarian 7 years ago. They just do not have a great selection in that category.Outside of that, prices are great and selection is pretty good. I consider it the Walmart of grocery stores. Awesome prices, but you have to deal with their version of Walmartians. It might not be another 3 years before I return. I like the prices on produce.
5	I'm in this store at least 3 times week. The staff is awesome. The prices are great especially on the produce. So much better than going to Wal-Mart.  The best part is that they have THEE BEST music playing overhead. One night everyone in line was singing the chorus to some disco song...lol :-)
2	Honestly I was not that impressed with the prices here. WinCo is better. There were some good deals, but not enough to lure me back.
1	If you're looking to save money on groceries, you're better off going to Smith's or Walmart. Food4Less has you bagging your own groceries, which isn't bad if you're only doing light shopping. The name must justify the terrible maintenance and lack of selection.I was on a tight budget when I decided to try this place out, but ended up spending slightly more than if I would have just went to Smith's, and then bagging my own groceries at the end made it not worth the hassle. My shopper's card at Smith's has me saving significantly more, kind of strange being that they're owned by the same company.I saw no good deals and prices were only lower than those at Albertson's.
5	Received great customer service from what a assume was a stock guy. He had on an apron and was handling frozen food on back wall. I asked for help and he went in the back to search for some items for me. Very polite. I wish I would have gotten his name. I couldn't read his name tag. But he had stretched ear lobes and was a Hispanic gentleman. Very friendly and quick to help. I don't normally shop at this location, but it's nice to know if I need to I will get great customer service.
5	I hope this store stays open forever.  It's the only one for miles and is popular in my neighborhood.
