5	New Location, same great food (with a couple menu changes). The new spot is right next to the movie theater on Sahara and Ft. Apache. It looks to be larger than their original spot but only half of the dining room was being used the night I went. The wife went with the kiki burger -- always a good choice. New to the menu (at least since the last time I went to Bachi Burger) is their lobster roll ($15). It's two mini buns stuffed with lobster mixed with fennel and a curry spiced aioli with lettuce. It may not be a traditional lobster roll flavor, but the curry creates a unique and tasty asian-inspired version of this classic. The freshly fried taro chips that accompany the dish were delicious as well.Service was good, especially considering that the place just opened earlier this week. Although it was odd that my wife's burger came out several minutes before my food or our son's food did. But, I'm sure minor issues like that will improve over time.4.5 Stars
5	great place to get a new kind of burger.
5	This is already one of my favorite places in Vegas! I eat paleo, so grass-fed beef is very important to me. You can taste the difference!
5	I loved every minute of my first visit to Bachi Burger!  We started with an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (which came with chop sticks).  It was a delicious mountain of fries, an egg, chili and a lot of other goodness.  To drink, I had the Mandarin Orange Tangerine soda.  Delicious.  For my actual burger, I ordered the "Kiki's Burger".  Same as everything else- it was perfect.  We were so stuffed at this point, but decided to give dessert a shot.  The Portuguese donuts were not my favorite (a bit too sweet), but the trio of ice cream sandwiches was incredible.  I loved the sesame seed one.  In the end, I was very happy with the atmosphere, customer service and food.  I cannot wait to go back soon and try out the pork belly steamed buns and more!
3	3.3456 stars. Hooray a Bachi Burger on my side of town! This one is good but some of my faves from the other location are gone and have been replaced with "just ok" new options. The lobster roll isn't a traditional lobster roll which is both good and bad. The filing is delicious; different slightly spicy curry flavors that are interesting, in a good way. The bun part, however, was AWFUL. It was a far too tough and awkwardly cut sourdough type bread. That made it insanely hard to eat. I have a big a** mouth but even I couldn't get my enormous pie hole around it. A lobster roll is supposed to have a yummy soft buttery roll, but instead they use a thick sourdough roll...Whyyy?! Fix it dagnabbit! Why they didn't just use the regular delicious hamburger buns they use for everything else, I will never understand. It comes with "root" chips which were 3 (literally 3) blue taro chips, regular taro chips, and regular potato chips. The 3 blue chips I had were so good! The others were boring and not worth the calories, which I instead used to devour french fries. Otherwise everything else was good as always. Salt and pepper fries are very, very tasty with a little jalapeno kick. The Momotaro soda is incredibly refreshing especially on a 7 gazillion degree day (slight approximation of Vegas temperatures.)  Be sure to try the pineapple ketchup it's delicious! I was charged 50 cents for extra ketchup for my to-go order which they in turn forgot to then include it in said to-go order...lame. They just opened so I'll give them a little slack, and can hopefully update with a better rating next time.
5	Went here for lunch the 2nd day it was open. They really have their sh#t together. For only being open 24 hrs, their staff was on par to the original location. Very attentive and the food came out just as good. The menu additions are pretty cool and I think staff is indicative of the...umm..."environment" *cough* Summerlin *cough* Convenient that there's one on the west side now, since I work over here.
5	Came to this location for lunch recently, had a great experience.  Staff is very very attentive and very nice, I love that.I don't usually go for the specialty burgers because they all usually have great ingredients that I love but one too many that throws me off.  So I just ordered my own with whatever I wanted on it.  My one complaint, and this happens at a lot of burger joints, is that they over cook the burger.  For instance, medium came out medium well or almost well done.Appetizer was the fried chicken.  My god that was cooked perfectly and exploded with flavor.  I love their fries as well.Still though, as a whole this was a great experience.  I know it has just opened, but by the way it was being run, looks like it's been open for years.
5	I'm all for a traditional burger, but the Asian twist is a refreshing and delicious change.  The staff are friendly and passionate about the food they serve.  Everybody that I've brought here loves it.  Favorite burger place in Vegas :)
4	I've only been to Bachi Burger once before on the south side of town. Really loved it then... This time it was still fairly good, I guess this branch just opened up, so it's very new and clean. I usually get the Kalbi Burger, although for some reason, this one didn't taste as great as the one I had in the south. I had a bite of my mom's Black and Green Burger, which is her favorite, and it also tasted good. I like their variety of fries. So far I've only tasted their Sweet Potato Fries and Salt and Pepper Fries; both very delicious, especially the dipping sauce that comes with.My only complaint is that this branch was freezing when me and my mom went in. We kept debating whether or not we should just take the food to go, since it was almost unbearable waiting for our food to come out. It was a windy day, so I wasn't expecting the AC to be on that high. Anyways, service was great. We had two servers; both were very friendly. My only other advice is come here on an empty stomach, because I had eaten a little while before coming in, so I got full pretty fast. I definitely plan to come here again. It's much better than driving all the way to the south for Bachi Burger, especially if you're from North LV, like myself. Just bring a light coat, perhaps? ;)
4	Best burger in Las Vegas??? Getting there, if only the meat gets better. A burger should be juicy and hot. It should taste meaty, manly almost. Bachi has all the right ingredients for a fantastic burger joint. Great decor. Perfect bread. Exotics like Foe Gras. Right size burgers. Fries cooked and seasoned to perfection. I just wish the meat is better. I mean, Wagyu patties should taste significantly better than regular ground patties. But it doesn't, it's indiscernible because their side ingredients are cooked so well. My advice (I'm not a professional chef by any means) they need to:1. Add more fat to the meat2. Do not over cook or squeeze the juices out3. Don't let it rest for too long and cool down. My final advice and too late, is if you have a liquor license, why not make a cool bar to hang out at? So much potential to be amazing!
3	I was a bit disappointed about the oxtail fries. For one thing I LOVE oxtail and when I ordered this.....it really didn't taste anything like oxtail, for all I know it could of been shredded chicken, OK i'm exaggerating a little but you get the point that it didn't taste like oxtail. Also had a few bites of my wifeys burger and it was OK, nothing really to die for or make me want to come back for sure to this place. One thing that was good here was their service, our waiter was really nice and made our dinner here worth while, but this is a restaurant and I did come here to eat, so I really expected the food here to be really good considering the ratings here and how big the bill was =( I probably won't be coming back here any time soon.
2	I love the food and their other location is fantastic but I don't think I'll be going back to the new one on Sahara, at least until they get things under control. The service was terrrrrrrrrrrrible. We waited for ages and ages for someone to take our drink order. We waited for a while for our drinks. We waited for our food. When we got our food, they gave me the wrong hamburger and then I had to wait for the right one to arrive while my husband's sat and got cold. THEN it took a while to get the check, and to finish paying. I think we were there for 2 hours total (and during that time, not one single person asked me if I wanted a drink refill!).The food is still really good but the service is astoundingly better at the old location so I'll keep going there, even if it is further away.
3	Oh boy - how this pains me! I am bachi burger lover....I gave the other location 5 stars!  Well the new location just doesn't have it together yet.  I've been twice.  On the first visit we didn't have any problems.  We tried the Myagi-san?? Grassfed beef burger.  It was delicious.  Our last visit was such a mess that it would leave a sour taste in anyone's mouth.  I was disappointing because we had a first timer along and I had been raving...needless to say, she wasn't impressed.  Both times I've been they have switched servers on us mid-meal.  This seems to cause a little too much confusion.  Our edamame took 30 minutes.  That is just a wee excessive for edamame.  We ordered tea, never got it, but were still charged for it.  My hubby didn't get peppers on his burger so they said they would get him some - everyone finished eating and his burger was cold and still no peppers.  They never even ordered them.  Just one thing after another,  It was frustrating.  The food was still great.  I tried the chili chicken app, it was lightly breaded and flavorful.  I also tried the toasted marshmallow and salted caramel milkshake - very tasty!I won't give up on bachi burger but they need to get it together over there!  At this point I'd probably drive the 25 miles across town to ensure a good experience.
4	So glad they have this location now. More items on the menu than the original location. Plus Sake Sangria. Yum. Got the oxtail chili fries. Filling and eat with a fork kinda thing, but awesome. Which barely made room for my burger, which my choice this time around was the myagi-san wagyu burger.Dessert options kinda disappoints me, as I am a big dessert person. But I have yet to try their shakes. As their was nothing wrong with my visit, but this isn't a 5star joint. But a place worth returning to. Try their kiki to be safe, then you can get adventurous with the various options of deliciousnesses. Oh yeah, and truffle fries ;)
4	Two years ago I dined at the original location and left with slight disappointment. I loved the food and servers, but was miffed by the long wait for the food. After refraining from going since then, I made an effort to visit their new location to see if things changed, and I'm glad to report things have improved for the better.The new location is larger and the aesthetic darker, sleek, and comfortable. Service throughout the entire meal was attentive and kind. Drinks were filled without being asked. One of the waitresses sweetly made conversation and our main server checked in good intervals. The apex of the night was the food.The meal was delightful and fulfilling. The steamed edamame was a nice beginning; the portions were generous, hot, and lightly salted. The parmesean truffle fries were heavenly. The fries were served in a shiny funnel container and tasted hot, crispy, and cheesy. I enjoyed the tomato aioli sauce that was paired with it, too. However, I wish the fries were thicker. As you work your way to the bottom of the funnel, they begin to shrivel into little pieces that start to resemble crumbled potato chips. I ordered the no-meat burger and requested avocado. The presentation was simple and cute. The burger itself was tall and I had trouble biting into it. The flavor of the mushroom patty was a notch better than store bought veggie patties. What really elevated the burger was the toppings and airy bun. The sweet tofu, mixed greens and salty patty created a pleasing experience for my taste buds. Although, next time I would say no on the vinaigrette that comes with it because it became a little to greasy for me. Overall, Bachi retained it's good food with improved service. Hopefully it stays that way.
5	Hooray!  Bachi Burger, the famous fusion burger joint in town has expanded and landed in the west side of town.  Hearty burgers and delicious sides were calling my name!Walking in, looks like they've done a swell job of decorating.  It looks modern, clean, hip and still features photography from artists posted on their walls.  Service was snappy, responsive and done with a genuine smile.On to the food!1.  Calamari - Bachi Burger has taken this appetizer to a new level.  The bits of squid are fried delicately and they stay crunchy.  Tossed in are bits of mint, grilled cherry tomatoes and slices of grilled lemon, turning the dish into something light and flavor blasted.  The sauces paired were the traditional tartare sauce and a green chili sauce.  What I found was the best flavor combo?  Double dipping the tarter and the chili sauce!2. Ronin Burger - My Angus Beef was juicy and tender.  The caramelized onions and miso goma dressing enhanced the beef flavor.  The Japanese Cole Slaw added the perfect refreshing crunch and the runny yolk from the fried egg always add a extra bonus factor - GOOEY!.  If the sauces inside weren't enough, I also chose to dunk the burger in the citrus aioli for an extra flavor blast.3.  Miyagi Burger - Is this a new one?  I'm not sure that I've seen it at the other location, but this tasty as well.  Where the Ronin provided a "refreshing" burger (if burgers could be refreshing), the Miyagi provided a "extra savory" experience.  It too had a juicy meat patty and a fried egg, but what makes this one stand out is the sea aroma from the furikake.  Mmmm mmmm seaweed bonus.4.  Truffle Parmesan fries - Of course we need some spuds to go with our burgers!  This is a seriously addicting side dish.  Shoestring fries drizzled with their special concoction of truffle oil and sprinkled with parmesan cheese.Conclusion:  These past few years have grown in the fusion food world, and Bachi brings it to the next level with the excellent quality of food and service.  They have this new location dialed in!
5	We happened on this place by pure serendipity. We were out shopping for something else, got hungry, looked around, and there was Bachi Burger. Neither of us eat burgers as part of our regular diet but I had been having a hankering for a burger for couple of week and I jumped at the opportunity.Boy, did I hit the jackpot!  We both ordered their Kiki Burger. This variation includes carmelized bacon (you read right), sweet onion marmelade, sauteed Shitakee, Enohi, and Eryngil mushrooms, Gruyere cheese, and an interesting mix of chopped baby greens including frisee and maybe arugula and baby spinach. They include a garlic chili aoili on the side that adds a nice little heat kick. For the bun, they toast a Taiwanese sweet bread. The hamburger is a flavorful Angus beef. I ordered mine cooked medium.This is the first burger in memory that I didn't want to slather with ketchup to boost the moistness and the flavor. The Kiki Burger didn't need it and held up until the last bite. The textures enhance the experience. You bite the sweet bun and hit the crispness from the toasting until you encounter chewy bits of the carmelized bacon then the beef patty.The other burgers offered didn't look as appetizing and the descriptions veered into Asian-influenced wierdness. A burger with kimchee? Maybe another time...The burger by itself was $10, an incredible value given the inflated prices we'd been paying for food along the Las Vegas Strip. Fries are extra but one burger is more than enough unless you are a glutton or on a weight-gain diet.I learned from doing a web search that Bachi Burgers is a little Las Vegas phenomenon with about ten locations. The manager told us they are opening their first location outside of Vegas in Los Angeles. Remember the name. If you are in Vegas, get off the Strip and make this a destination.
2	Stopped in here the other day, really wish I had explored other options.  Food was ok, burger was certainly nothing special, fries ok.  My main "beef", I found this place trying to be pretentious and very overpriced.  They succeeded at both.I won't be back.
4	I have been suggesting that Bachi Burger open a second location in the SW since my first visit to the original location.  So when I found reviews on the new, and much closer, second location on W. Sahara, I was happy just like a lot of other Yelpers living in the vicinity.  So when fellow foodies suggested we meetup and give this Bachi Burger a try, it was a no brainer for me.Perhaps in keeping with the theme of being bigger and better, the Summerlin location sports a larger dining room, as well as, a more extensive menu. The menu now spans four pages, instead of the original two sided menu, and looks great in their silver color menu cover.  Milkshakes, sake sangria, fried calamari, and Grilled Loche Duarte Salmon Burger are just some of the new items that are new additions to the Bachi lineup.The hostess and our waitress were impressively knowledgeable about the menu, and did not hesitate to demonstrate their Jason Bourne-like photographic memory recall talent.  On a side note, how come "Insert country" Got Talent never showcase individuals that can recall the value of Pi?  Maybe that was part of the reason she knew who ordered what and checked on our table regularly.Okay, moving on to the good stuff. This is a burger joint, with a lot of beefy burgers and other alternatives.  I however have always thought that their seafood burger lineup were better than their Angus or Wagyu fusion burgers.  Therefore, I opted to try their Grilled Loch Duarte Salmon burger, which I was told was only available at the Summerlin location.  I was not disappointed with my decision to order this burger. It was made with grilled smoked salmon from Scotland, with crunchy bacon, plus tomato, red onions and arugula to keep it healthy, and lemon herb mayo and ponzu vinaigrette for flavor, moistness (sounds inappropriate) and that "if it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face" and ability to moisturize your sticky fingers leaving them smelling like fish for the remainder of your delicious meal.  Sticky and odorous fingers aside, it is highly recommended by yours truly.My dining companions ordered the Mr. Ho's Burger (comes stock with meaty Chinese Sausages just for the ladies), Spicy Miso Burger (personallyI think it sounds moreinteresting calling it Mi So Spicy! Burger) and the Ronin Burger, and all seem satisfied with their menu selection.  So the consensus is that the food we ordered were yummy.  But I am in the camp that felt for a $10-$20+ burger price tag, you should be able to walk out satisfied, not wonder over to Archi's or Jollibee or drive over to Anime Ramen for dinner part 2.  Just sayin'Decor/Ambiance:  4/5  Felt more upscale, even without the dim lighting.Food:  4.5/5  NoM nOm noM Nom!Service:  4.5/5  Good!Price/Value:  3/5  Tab could add up fast if you have high metabolism, eat like a growing teenager or on the LV No Buffet List for threatening the profitability of buffets and other AYCE establishments (you know who you are)Parking:  4/5  Better odds of landing a decent parking space here than hooking up with one of the Anime Ramen girls (already factored in enticing them with Panda Pocky).4 stars.
1	My husband and I were so looking forward to trying a burger at Bachi.  The menu looked fantastic.  Took a while for a server to arrive.  We have gluten allergies so I immediately informed the server that I would like to order my burger protein style, which was not a problem.  However, we were EXTREMELY disappointed to hear that they use breadcrumbs as filler on all their burgers except the Wagyu beef.  There is no allergen disclaimer on the menu.  The servers were not very knowledgable on allergy issues.  Anyone who is celiac beware when you order a burger at Bachi that it is not just meat!  SO DISAPPOINTED.  We left and went to another location that offers gluten free burgers. :(
5	I have eaten at both locations and food is always very good! I had lunch at the Summerlin location on Friday and food/service was excellent. I had the create your own burger and sweet potato fries--yummy. I really love the sangria. It is very light and refreshing. This location is very modern and is more spacious than the original. Overall, a great place to eat with a unique menu. I will definitely be back :-)
5	I'm so happy that Bachi Burger opened this new location!  They make one of my favorite burgers: The Lonely Bird.  I know most people don't order this one, but it's a sleeper favorite :)  It's ground chicken/turkey prepared tsukune style with strong flavors of soy sauce and ginger, with an herb pesto, lettuce, tomato, and beer battered onion rings.  So incredibly flavorful and delicious!  My husband ordered the Miyagi-san grass fed wagyu burger and declared that he liked mine better!  I liked his too though...the beef was perfectly cooked and the combination of drippy fried egg, caramelized bacon, chili mayo, and onion rings was pretty amazing.  I wasn't a big fan of the Ronin burger.  The regular salt and pepper fries were thin and crispy, just the way I like it, although they could have used a bit more salt.  I will be back for my Lonely Bird burger...perhaps I will branch out one of these days and try the Banh-mi burger :)
5	It first time going too Bachi Burger. It was family night with my brother and his family. My brother guys been too the other location so had good head up on food and menu. I was excited about checking it out! Plus brother had only positive things too say about it. The menu love because simple not reading novel and they stick too their strength and whole concept of the restaurant. It all about speciality burgers (still have basic burgers for the kids; two nieces got they enjoyed their burger). They have lot too choose from too. I had the Ronin burger, brother had the Miyagi burger, and sister-in-law not remember. Both my burger and brother burger had the fried egg. FRIED EGG and burger are peas in pod or heaven on earth. It done right on from the burger being perfectly cook medium (nice juicy), fried egg another perfection (the yolk ruining just right. fingers get messy), and my burger RONIN combine fried egg too japanese cole slaw, too kalbi sauce.The bun fresh, right size too the patty not over or under, and toasted just right. It reasonable price for high end type of burger. We got sides of sweet fries and skinny fries came with pineapple ketchup (the ketchup only thing not like about the meal; felt like it was way too sweet more like dipping fries in jelly then ketchup). The fries and burgers good eats.We started with the oxtail chile cheese fries. Talk about prefect appetizers for four or five people. It great! The chili was so good could have order just chili with rice be happy in life. You add the cheese plus fried egg some jalapenos. Layers upon layers of tasty stuff. Get too the bottom still something on top of the fries!!The atmosphere is great. It brand new location one that never knew about thankfully my brother finds these great local spots! The service our server was great she was very attentive, asked if ever been too Bachi burger, explained the menu throughly, great suggestion with appetizers, checking up on us constant basis, and management walking around asked us about our meal. If you ever have need for different burger not norm tBachi Burger is DA BOMB! Sure after having Ronin burger makes me want too check out the rest of the burgers on the menu. Sure be seeing me back.
4	I love me some Bachi Burger! When I found out that the Sahara and Ft Apache location opened I was very excited because now I don't have to drive all the way across town to eat there. I ordered the Pork Belly steamed buns and a side of the salt and pepper fries. I love their fries it was perfectly seasoned and had a kick to it because of the jalapenos. The pork belly steamed buns was okay the cilantro kind of over powered the flavor. My daughter ordered the kids Bachi burger which came with regular fries, carrots, and apple slices. She loved the burger! Overall, the service was great, the food is amazing, and I will definitely be coming back again to this location!
5	I've been to the one on Windmill and it was packed so when I heard there was going to be one in Summerlin I was stoked.  The thing that sold me on this place was the fried egg.  Almost every burger I get now everywhere has to have a fried egg on top.  I feel like it just completes the meal.  It's a much larger location that the one in Henderson and it is right next to the movie theater so it makes a perfect dinner and date movie.  Started off with oxtail chili cheese fries with the garlic chili aioli and fried egg.  Then the next thing was our rare burgers.  Very juicy, with a fried egg,  Kiki burger.  Quite honestly the best burger bun I've ever had.  My friend finished it off with a marshmallow shake with salty caramel sauce.  My server(s)- (shift change) - we're very informative.
5	Husband: "Let's go to this new place.  They have Asian hamburgers."Me: "What the hell is an Asian hamburger?"Thus began my discovery of the Bachi Burger.  Located in the Village Square on Sahara and Ft. Apache that is trying its darnedest to recover from a slew of closed businesses, I think Bachi Burger is going to be one of the flagship places in that renaissance.SERVICE:Very attentive.  Also, the host guy who sat us is hot, so that's always a plus.  We had about 4 people who work there come up to us and ask if everything was to our liking.  I really admire that when restaurants have multiple people checking on tables, so you don't have to search out your server if you need anything.DRINKS:They have some really cool, interesting sodas (that I think are made in house, but not 100% sure on that).  They also have many shakes, and sake inspired drinks.  I did try a glass of the sake-sangria, which I thought was pretty weak.  I wouldn't get that again, but would definitely get one of the before mentioned sodas or shakes on my next visit.FOOD:Ok, listen.  You need to get the oxtail chili cheese fries.  It's like a piece of art when it comes out, and there is a freaking egg on top like a cherry on a sundae.  Spicy, meaty, tangy, cheesy, and huge (it could feed 4 people easily).  Burgers were top notch.  I got the Mr. Ho's Burger, which came on a taro bun!  What?!?!  I don't know what Taro is, but I went for it.  It had a slight purple tint to it, but was super tasty.  The burger also has a nice heaping helping of mushrooms on it and the Hoisin sauce was on point.  My husband got the Ronin burger and asked for it medium rare, and by God, they made it medium rare perfectly.  Nice and bloody, not overcooked.VENUE:We went on a Friday night at 7:00 and there was ample seating, which surprised me.  I thought it would be packed.  Maybe people don't realize it's open quite yet?  Fine by me!  That means less of a wait for me to get another delicious Asian hamburger.
4	Came with the BF and Angela H. for lunch. I went to the OG location quite a while back and liked it, but it is just out of the way for us.  The BF and I went to a place with the name burger in it, and didn't get burgers. Hah. We shared two items that I believe are new to the menu: Fish and Chips - these were pretty good. I don't know what kind of fish was used but it seemed denser of a fish than what is in usual and they batter it with a shiso leaf. The tartar sauce had nice zest to it. The chips are their usual fries which is a bit skinny and not the thick kind of British chips. Lobster roll - the lobster salad had some curry flavor to it and was really a great twist! They serve it on a bahn mi like baguette which was decent, but like some other reviewer said previously, they were hoping for the same soft buns used with the burger and I agree that would be aces. I'm just used to lobster rolls don't go in crunchy rolls but soft buttery ones. These come with "root chips" which remind me of those Terra chips. Salt and Pepper Fries for the table - these were nice. it had jalapenos in it and the seasoning I can't quite place that added more spice to the fries and the chili aioli was nice. I liked these and ended up polishing off the rest instead of my chips. Angela got a Lonely Bird which she reported was good, though the onion strings were a tad salty.  Also a plus is the matcha iced tea! I love tea but sometimes I get tired of the standard ice tea offered at most places. Other than the green, there were a few other tea flavors that I don't think is refillable. I'm a beer person and it is definitely nice to see some respectable craft beer choices. Service was pretty decent and filled my drink a few times, but just fairly standard. Bachi is definitely a welcomed addition to the West and I definitely come back for other offerings.
4	Japanese flair on a bun!The dark bamboo decor  is very reminiscent of many sushi spots in the valley, but that's where things get remixed (reee-mixmixmixmixmix)  I just remixed the remix in case your mind was blown.  A diverse selection of beers and sakes go very well with the Asian influences on this well-executed burger joint.  They have offerings from Rogue, Dogfish Head, Sapporo, and a few other Japanese breweries I wasn't familiar with.  A very nice waitress informed me of her favorites, and I chose to take her (and many other yelper's) advice.  My order:Fried Chicken Appetizer - Similar to orange chicken at many Americanized Chinese restaurants, these little morsels were lightly breaded and flavored with ginger, garlic, and shoyu.  I thought these were good but I wouldn't rush to order them again.Kiki Buger - Shitake, Enoki, and Enigii mushrooms with caramelized onions, a delicious bacon marmalade, and an aged gruyere.  A very delicious burger for sure, I got mine medium and it was cooked exactly to my request.  **Bachi uses a soy/ponzu base with all it's burgers, so expect a "Japanese" flavor more than what you would get at any other Hamburger place. I thought it was very tasty, and welcomed it as a refreshing change from the typical flavors of the beef elsewhere. Fries w/ sea salt - Average and forgettable.  However, the fries were served with a pineapple ketchup that was delicious.  I've heard of flavored ketchups, but this was my first experience, and I'm convinced.  If you see pineapple or banana ketchup on a menu, don't listen to your friends, they're jealous, and not as cool as you are, just get it and you'll be happy.  I see where all the hype is coming from regarding Bachi Burger.  They offer a unique approach to an American staple, and execute with the mastery of a Karate Black Belt.......HIYYAAAAA!!!
4	In the mood for an interesting fancy burger with a twist?  This is your place.  The menu is amazing and I must say they have created some ideas for burgers that my brain could have never fathomed.  I got a burger with shrimp and pork in the beef and curry aioli and a fried egg on top.  Great apps and fries too!  Service was flawless and the price isn't bad.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because I was hoping the burger itself would've been a little bigger (but I'm a country boy) and the atmosphere is a little bland.  But I'll be back no question.
4	Great sweet potato fries and burgers.  Also has IPA beers.
5	I am so excited to have Bachi Burger finally on this side of town!!  Great service, great drinks that you don't see other places and the burgers and fries?  Wow okay the best!   The Truffle Parmesan Fries with the Sun Dried Tomato dipping sauce was so good. I can't wait to try their other fries that sounded great too.  Had the burger and the meat is so good. The tastes that all come together really create an amazing burger.  Must try!  Heard they are going be on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives on Food Network and I can see why!
5	I had to go 5 Stars BUT barely. Been here 4 times in the last 2 weeks. Yes, It's that good. The burgers are simply fantastic, and are in the conversation for best burgers in all of the valley. Highlighted by the KiKi burger and Parmeasan truffle fries. In addition try the Jasmine Strawberry Lemonade!! It really doesn't taste like lemonade, more like tea. But very unique and refreshing!
4	I am so glad to find out that the quality is maintained with their new location.  The flavor and texture of the beef used in the burger is excellent.  I also love the spicy fries with aioli.  I have tried three different fusion burgers and still haven't hit on one that works perfectly.  My latest was the Myagi-San, complete with bacon, egg, fried onions and furikake.  The onions were a little soggy, but the bacon and egg were tasty accompaniments.  My two dining companions both received burgers that were under-cooked.  One only slightly, but the other that was to be medium-well looked far closer to medium-rare.However, there is enough here that is being done right, to keep me going back.
4	Food: 5/5 - we loved it. I ordered the meatless burger and I think it may have been the best one that I ever had. It was made from red beans and it was nutty which was great for taste and consistency. The bun was wonderful. Similar to the bread use for baked BBQ pork buns at dim sum/Chinese places. My brother got the Bachi fish sandwich which I believe was cod. He really like it, the fish was fresh and a generous size. We shared sweet potato fries and my brother also got the mocha shake which he said was delicious. Service: 3/5 - It wasn't bad just slow. There was one waitress (it was memorial day late lunch time) with a support guy, who I think was new, and served as drink/food runner. There was a manager-like guy and another woman-maybe owner (?) but, they were not really helping out when clearly the waitress was busy (maybe 7+ tables). I asked for lemons for my water and had to wait and ask several times. Finally, about 20 mins in, our waitress brought lime slices saying they didn't have lemon which I really found odd. I'm not sure I have been to a sit down restaurant where they didn't have lemons.Space: 4/5 - nice, new, darker lighting. I've never liked the parking at this set of stores/strip mall. It is near the movie theatre so, parking spaces can be a far and once you are in a row, you can't just turn and go down another row. You have to drive a ways down.
5	I was DYING to get my hands on Bachi Burger! And I finally got the opportunity :)I ordered for take-out since I was a little short on time, waitress was very nice and took my order. A little over 10 minutes later, boom! Bachi burger is in my hand.I ordered the KiKi burger with a fried egg. Amazing. There were so many different tastes going on within this burger, I can't wait to go back! I want to try everything on the menu.There was also a sign outside that mentioned they were going to be filming "DDD" (Food Network) on June 18th. I'm SO there.2 thumbs up!
3	I'm a huge fan of Asian cuisine and I love me a good burger as well, so when someone suggested the new Bachi Burger location for dinner a couple of weeks ago, I didn't complain.  We had a party of four and showed up for a later dinner (9:00ish) on a Wednesday night.  The restaurant was quiet but I instantly liked the ambiance and modern feel... The hostesses that greeted us were not the most welcoming, or perhaps they were confused since we asked if we could sit at a table that was vacant but hadn't been cleaned yet instead of sit elsewhere.  Once the seating situation was settled, the staff was friendly-ish, but the service itself was on the (very) slow side.We were all pretty hungry, so we ordered some apps for the table to start with: Bachi Pickles, Edamame, and Truffle Parm Fries.  The pickled plate isn't ideal for sharing, but the others made  up for it and our party demolished both.  For my entree, I went for the Bachi Fish sandwich and added shishito pepper.  I happen to love shishito pepper, but when I've had it at Asian / International inspired places before, it's cooked. The shishito pepper on my sandwich was not - oh well.  Lesson learned: I like shishito pepper best when it's cooked!  The fish itself was cooked to perfection and of course the fluffy bun it was served on complimented it well.  It was fluffy and sweet.The others at the table had a Mr Miyagi burger, a Spicy Miso burger, and a Lonely Bird.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their respective orders.  Most of us had iced matcha green tea to drink...From what I hear, this location is fairly new, so they likely just have to work through some kinks with the service.  I'd definitely be open to returning in the future once that happens.  If you're craving a simple burger, or even something a bit more creative, you can't go wrong with the food at Bachi Burger.
5	The Kiki burger is hands down the best burger I've ever had! Delicious mushrooms, juicy burger, gruyere cheese, garlic aoli, all on a soft hawaiin sweet bun. Add that with a side of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and appetizer of Pork Belly Buns and you have a meal so rich in flavor that the trek off the strip is 100% worth it.I've been to Bachi twice (first time was at the other location) and have been thoroughly satisfied with both my experiences. I don't remember the service at the other location but this location had superb service. Very attentive with ordering, clearing dishes and refilling water. What more can you ask for?Definately for me a must go every time I'm in Vegas. Honestly, I'm not sure how far off the strip both the locations are because we had a rental car and have local friends, but if you have a chance, go HERE!
5	Another solid burger joint!My cousin Alex wrote of Bachi Burger as one of the best burger's voted by his mother.The best burger I've had is Bradley Ogden's at Caesar's, but this place is way up there too.  I usually go with the Ronin burger and it is a hearty, sweet fusion burger that sits great every time I get it.  No need to upgrade to the wagyu patty, I did it once and couldn't taste the difference...angus was just fine.I was lucky to get the surf and turf burger last time (monthly special) and it was to die for!  The mix of beef, crab and egg were the perfect combination of flavors.The truffle parmesan fries are great!  It's a great mix of flavors with the gravy and sauce.We tried the peking style duck buns and they were awesome.  It's a great homage to peking style duck, and they've again mixed the flavors wonderfully.All in all, great food and great service.  It hits up your asian burger tastes, so try it for a unique burger experience.
5	I have to give 5 stars if I'm willing to come all the way from San Diego to Las Vegas for some burgers and fries.  The original location gets too crowded so I was happy to drive to their newer and bigger location in Summerlin.  I had the Oxtail chili cheese fries with fried egg. Yum!  How freakin OG is that? For my burger, the Mr. Ho's.  How can you go wrong with lup cheong and taro bun? The overall menu is inventive and creative.  I'm a fan and can't wait until Bachi Burger comes to my city.
4	The bun and the creative burgers with quirky names assigned to them. Bachi Burger is always a good go-to place. Glad the Summerlin location is getting better though.My experience at the "new" westside location was never as good as the more popular and more seasoned one so my wife and I gave them some slack. This is probably our 5th visit and I must say, that things are always improving. I just wish the serving staff were better at upselling, explaining, etc... But all in all, great place to eat a good burger
4	Their burgers are freaking yummy!  We were such fatties that we had to order a little of everything!We started with the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  They were delish, we scarfed that down within minutes.  We then moved onto the Pork Belly Buns, one order comes with 3.  These were good, but weren't to die for.  Then on to the main course...Kiki burger and Miyagi-san burger, they were both so yummy!!! I'm just sad that I couldn't finish my portion of the Miyagi-san.  Why the 4 stars you may ask...They seemed a little under staffed that day.  The staff was really friendly and attentive, but everything was a little slow. I'm sure the service would be amazing, if they had maybe another person on the floor.I'll be back to sink my teeth into another burger!
3	I thought this place was ok.           Just felt like it was a little over priced for what they gave me. I ordered the "Ronin" Burger and a side of Parmesan fries. Everything is Ala Carte here so you pay for it separate. I've always felt that was a crappy thing to do for an up-charge.            My burger tasted good, but for 10 bucks you think you would of had more beef in it. I was still hungry when I left. None of the flavors really made me any kind of impression on me. Instead of ketchup they gave me what looked like tomato paste for the dipping sauce of the fries. It wasn't good.         I'm a huge burger fan and I felt like this place just takes gourmet burgers a little too far. Is a burger even really Gourmet in the first place?          I can see why other people like it, but for me and my simple tastes I will most likely go elsewhere,          Not bad, Not good.
4	Friendly servers and delicious food. It's a foodie's dream come true. The oxtail chili cheese fries (adding a sunny side up egg) is to die for !
5	Just one word...Amazing!!!Drove from LA just to have a burger there. I know crazy, but worth it!
4	They listened! How awesome!!!!!! That is so admirable! I really respect a place that knows good advice when they see it and change what isn't working. They put the lobster roll on a bun and now it's a "lobster bun" and it is so delicious!!!! Good job Bachi Burger! Now if you would just bring back the delicious homemade pop-tarts we can talk.
5	Now that its so much closer to my house i will def be a regular here. 1st impressions always make or break and by far this place had me from the start. The staff super friendly and on point! Mad props Bachi crew! The food here was just as awesome as the original location. This time i went with the Mr Ho Burger and let me tell you, the mixture of that burger was amazing. Cooked medium well but still flavorful and juicy! The bun when you see it might look a little odd if your not used to that kind of thing but that taro bun blends so well with the flavors of the beef and pork burger mixture. To add there is diced Lup Cheong Sausage in there as well! This is by far my new fav burger. If your from Hawaii you would feel right at home and i felt right at home haha. The deserts are another thing to add to this place. SO GOOD! You just have to go down and try it for yourself!The prices are decent, there is abundant parking in the lot and as for a wait, i guess we went a little late so there was none but every time i go to the original on windmill location im stuck waiting. This is a def place to hit up if your down to try fusion styled burgers, and fries!!! BACHI!!!!!!!
5	I have been anxiously waiting for this Bachi Burger to open where I would occasionally drive by to check. It opened while I was on vacation so this is the first place I ate after we got off the plane. I have been here two times so far and have been delighted each time!The first time I came here I ordered the Lobster Roll which was tasty but if you don't like a strong curry taste then don't order it. The curry is strong in this dish. It came with root chips which were nice and crunchy. We also ordered the truffle fries which were delicious!  My husband had a cold so they suggested their green tea which really helped him. The second time we ate here I got the Kiki burger which had these yummy mushrooms! I love mushrooms especially if they are sauteed. They warned me ahead of time that the burger is not made well done. That was perfectly fine with me because I like my burgers juicy! It was amazing! I also tried one of their drinks that had jasmine in it.  The drink was good but if you don't like your mouth feeling flowery then you may not like it. I thought it was cool! I love that this place is so close to home!
5	So we orginally stopped by the windmill location for a quick lunch, but there was about twenty people waiting at 2pm on a friday afternoon, so we decided to go across town to the new Sahara location since we had to head that way anyway.  I gotta say I have been a fan of Bachi Burger since day one, but I really like the Sahara location the best.    The actual restaurant is larger and the menu is larger too.  We got our fried calamari (which is not on the menu at windmill) and a manga burger.  They were both wonderful.  I really loved the plantation tea too, which they also don't have at windmill that I know of.  Its sweet ice tea but I think it has pineapple juice and mint in it too.  We had the pork belly buns too, and they were as good as ever.  I know since they had been on Diners, drive-ins, and dives they were gonna be even busier but I hope they are still gonna have room for us that have been devotees since day one.
5	I'm kind of upset that I ate here, now that I know how good it is, I want to go back as soon as possible!  And I'm not sure my waist line needs it.  The servers were friendly and on top of things.  We had a cobb salad to start that was large and delicious and then we had two burgers and a side of salt and pepper garlic fries.  I can't tell you what was my favorite but we finished every bite.  I had the Kiki burger, mushrooms, gruyere, sweet onion marmalade and caramelized bacon.  After the first bite on this fluffy bun with so many delicious, perfectly balanced ingredients, I got really excited.  It was so perfectly balanced, well cooked, and juicy.  The boy got the spicy miso burger which was just as good!  The fries were absurd.  Everything was good.  Try as many things as possible.  We even got some donuts for dessert that were delicious.  Try the Vietnamese coffee at the end of the night with the sweetened condensed milk.  yum.  yum.  Not sure what else to say, I wish I could go back tonight!
4	You won the east! Go west!  Village.....Square is now the new home of The new Bachi burger, and even though I've been at this location to eat many times before, this is my first time at Bachi burger. Yes this is one of those cursed locations where restaurants open and close, raising sun Turned to sunset, route 66 was too slow and others that I can't even remember faded into oblivion. Is time for something new, learn from the past, classic Hamburgers didn't work, Japanese didn't work, put them together and you get... Bachi burger......... Is that translates to karma burger? If it does, then that's what's coming to me, a nice and delicious juicy burger, cuz I deserve it. We ordered the fried calamari for appetizer, nothing different from other places, except the dipping sauces and the price, I'll skip them next time. We also had the Bahn Mi burger and the Ronin burger with The truffle Parmesan fries. Both burgers were excellent and the fries delicious. We also had the sangria special by our waitress recommendation, which it wasn't that good, a nice cold beer would've done the job. Yes! Bachi Burger is good, yes Bachi service is good, yes Bachi place is nice. Is Bachi here to stay? Only time will tell, and if you don't try this place  karma is gonna get you!  A new Roberto's will take over and you would only be able to eat here after  a long night of partying and heavy drinking and your taste buds are gone for the night.
4	I was suspicious as the idea of Asian burgers sounded strange, color me converted, these babies rock.  The pineapple ketchup made me wonder why we ever used tomatoes. So why not 5 stars?  Coffee was not bottomless as they blew the circuit, though the charge was the same. This led to no milkshakes. I suppose what I am saying is that I should return to see if it is 5 star worthy.  I am sure it is.
5	For a burger joint , this is high class , hip, trendy and dEE LISH US!    I got the banana green tea shake and the Kalbi, their signature, with Kim Chee .    The report is this, AMAZING, bravo.  Something so familar, so classic, but done different and ooh sooo righteous, I am a fan.  I will be returning soon with the WIFEY.  She will be putty in my hands, just like this super duper killer burgers!   I see other stuff I want on that menu, and I cant wait!    DOnt miss it cheap really.  $15 a head , burger, shake. fries add $3, whatever.  Its amazing!   9 stars out of 10 and dont know why I am docking it 1 star, but its gotta be the wishing there was something better out there, oh, and a 9+ because they serve, beer, wine and saki.   Date night 10 star!    Get some! lol
5	Easily the most interesting burger I have ever had.  The manga burger was infused with scallops and crab.  The set up of the place is quite simple, but the execution was perfect. For beer fans, go with the hitachino white.
5	So, I'm fairly sure that Bachi Burger #1 is famous (and busier) now after having been featured on Guy Fieri's "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" a couple of weeks ago.  It's nice to see local eats getting well-deserved attention.  I'm just happy as a clam that Bachi Burger #2 opened up in my neighborhood and it's just as good as the original.  It was my date's first time ever at Bachi and mine at this new location in Village Square.  We walked right in on Thursday night and were seated immediately.  Service was very attentive; our waitress checked on us often and certainly knew her beer, recommending a good one for me, who seldom drinks the stuff.  We started with steamed edamame, moving on to the Black and Green burger for myself and the Ronin burger for him with regular fries that we shared. The food came out quickly and we enjoyed every juicy bite. Bachi joins Firefly at Village Square in being two great food choices for those of us on the Westside.  Welcome to the neighborhood; we'll be back!
4	I'm a non-meat eater, but still liked it.  Grilled cod sandwich was very good. Sweet potato fries were excellent.  Service is friendly.The place is not easy to see from the street.  It's in the corner of a strip mall next to the movie theater.  I would come here again for sure.Aw, hell no! I just got my bill and they charged me for a tiny bit of bbq/hoisin sauce.  It's only $.50, but I hate that.  Where's my credit for the other sauce that I didn't use?!Seriously, I hope the owner reads these reviews.  So much though went into the menu and plating.  It's a shame to ruin an impression over silly pricing policies.
5	Guy Fieri, thank you,  you have introduced me to another spot.My friends and I came here on the tail end of our Vegas trip. This was on our list of places to go from the moment we got here, but we never had the time to make it out with all the things we had planned. It is Vegas after all. With golf, pool, gambling, and night clubs, how do you fit in getting off the strip to eat a burger? We originally went to the Windmill location, but were turned away because they ran out of buns. What!?!? Being a former Vegas resident, I knew exactly where the this location was and considering we were already 200+ miles from home, what's another 15 or so? It was so worth the drive. We ended up sharing the appetizers and ordering a burger each and sampling each other's burgers:Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - This is one of the items we were really looking forward to trying, but it was probably the biggest disappointment of the food we tried. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it just sounds so much better than it really is. There's a nice sweet smokiness to the chili, but there's just not enough oxtail, and that's what drew us to it.Pork Belly Steamed Buns - This was the shinning star of the dinner and hands down favorite of our party. The pork belly had a nice texture, the bun was steamed right, and that Hoisin BBQ sauce... yes. I don't normally eat radishes, but it added a nice crunch and bitterness to balance everything out. We shared, so we only had one each , which definitely was not enough. I will have an order to myself next time.Kalbi Burger - My friend got this burger because his original choice, the Banh Mi, was out. While I love Korean BBQ, it doesn't have the same appeal on burgers, tacos (Kogi), pizzas (Love Letter) than having it by itself. I'm also not a big fan of Kimchi, but overall, the burger was very good.Kiki's Burger - This was the burger I picked, mainly due to the various mushrooms (I love Enoki!) and caramelized bacon. The burger was very good, but after tasting the other burgers I would have gone with the Miyagi-sanMiyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger - My other friend got this burger, and this was my favorite out of the burgers we tried. The tempura onion ring added great texture and flavor,  while everything else just went really well together. I wish I would have order this, and will definitely order this next time.With my birthday coming up next month, we already have plans to be back in Vegas, and Bachi will definitely be on the list of places to go. The food is simply amazing.
5	I had the black and green burger with no bun w/ salt and pepper fries. Burger was delicious and cooked perfect.  The service was great.  We were greeted right when we walked in and sat down fast.  The waiter checked up on us to make sure we were doing okay, and if im correct the manager even stop by to see if we were good. I gave this place five stars for the good food and service.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially if you love burgers!
4	My first impression was whoa! From the green tea to the fries to the strangely seasoned burgers everything was fantastic and prepared with care. The staff was incredibly nice. Everything about Bachi Burger was perfect a lunch after having too much to drink.This location is right next to a movie theater and will be dead one minute and insanely crowded the next when a movie lets out. Not that you can easily plan to avoid the crowds, just be warned.
4	What a burger!This is not your typical Asian Fusion burger.  The burger is a blend of Angus chuck and 30 day dry aged Angus rib eye that provides an outstanding umame base for the rich aiolis and earthy, Asian sauces.  A grass fed American Wagyu is also offered with its sweet concentrated beefy goodness that works as a foil, enhancing the earthiness of the toppings.You can build your own burger, but why question genius.  The pre-designed burgers are excellent.  There is a good balance of heat, acid, fat, and earthiness in each creation.  After trying them all, the standout is the Ronin burger with its topping of cole slaw dressed in a sesame miso sauce,  a fried egg and caramelized onions, finished with an acidic yuzu aioli.  Rich and refreshing.  Mushroom lovers, must try Kiki's burger.  Three kinds of meaty mushrooms with bacon and gruyere slathered with an onion marmalade and garlic chili aioli.  The mushrooms pair so well with the beef and the heat from the aioli makes the flavor explode.Note: Burgers temps are not always accurate.  Order one level below what you normally do and its all good.  Also note the burgers are slightly smaller than other joints (you can always order another patty in any sandwich).  Prices are in line with the quality (no $5 meal here).Finally, the Oxtail chili cheese fries with a garlic aioli and fried egg is worth the trip alone.  The ultimate AMERICAN poutine.  Break the yolk and dive into the gooey mess.  Yum!Service is mixed.  As others have mentioned, if it's busy, you get great service.  If it's slow, be prepared for a wait.All told, one of the best burgers in town.
5	Three words: Orgasmic food coma.We came to Bachi Burger for our cheat meal...and boy, was it a cheat meal for the gods!Our order: (I will upload a pic too)-Sangria (just ok...no pieces of fruit in it, none)-Banh mi burger-Miyagi-san wagyu burger (requested carmelized onions to replace the carmelized bacon)-Sweet potato fries (the dipping sauce is heaven, a little dill in there maybe?)-House saladI literally ate the entire Miyagi burger...the whole thing. The carmelized onions along with the fried onion rings inside the burger was just heaven. Sweet, salty, meaty, my tummy is rumbling just typing about it! What I also really liked was the bun. It wasn't overly thick and bready like other hamburger buns can be. It had good texture and consistency to it.I'm usually a dessert kind of girl, especially with cheat meals...but I absolutely could not fathom eating dessert after downing the entire burger. All I wanted to do was curl up and take a nap :)Until next time my sweet Miyagi-san (with carmelized onions instead of carmelized bacon) xo
5	The "banh mi" burger was soooo good I'm still dreaming about it in my sleep. I also had the oxtail chili cheese fries and let me just say "Ahhh....lordy, yummm".  Everything else I tried was good but those 2 were the best.
4	I went here on Sunday night around 8:30PM with 3 others and the wait was about 20-25 min.  I was staying at Mandalay Bay and from there it was about a 10 min taxi ride which was about 10 miles but there was very little traffic and its way off the strip in a tiny strip mall.  We saw this place on Food Networks- Diners Driveins and Dives and had to try- btw all the TVs in the joint were tuned to Food Network- wonder why?  :)The wait was well worth it. When we were sat down we ordered a drink, I just got an iced green tea which was perfect and refreshing. Bummed they had very little selction of sweeteners but whatever.  They had a TON of drink items to choose from such as thai tea, passionfruit, boba etc.  Love the Asian drinks!We started with appetizers of:Pork Belly Steamed Buns- yummy but only came with 3 small buns and a hoisin based dip sauce, the pork belly melted in your mouth, but for our party of 4- not a lot to go aroundSalt and Pepper Garlic Fries- delicious. your basic skinny fry with a pop. had jalapenos so they were spicy as well as a mayonaise dip sauce. I woudl have preferred the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- saw other ppl order they looked good!Chili Fried Chicken- My favorite- well seasoned crispy and a mayonaise based spicy dipping sauce- perfect accompanimentI also got the Spicy Miso Burger.  I love miso but I barely tasted it in this burger. This burger was the reason I deducted a star. (If I could give 3.5 stars I would have but I rounded up) It was well-cooked and beautiful looking but nothing special. The egg was cooked over hard and I barely tasted garlic or the Shisito peppers (which I am nuts for).   My friend got a Banh Mi burger that was waaaay more flavorful.Overall a very positive experience. I am from LA where trendy burger places are rampant- so it takes a lot to impress me- this was good and the asian fusion was a nice twist from the regular ole- 5 guys, The Counter and Umami.
5	Stopped in for lunch today.. great service & food, even my meat & potatoes hubby was thrilled.We had the sauteed edamame, very good, but the fire from the chilis was starting to get overwhelming when the food arrived - great timing.I had the special, a Loch Duarte Salmon sandwich and Just Fries.  First, the fries.. sheer perfection, and the pineapple ketchup was surprisingly delicious and perfect for such a hot day.  The salmon sandwich was nicely balanced, with the bacon being beautifully caramelized and giving a nice smoky crunch that kept the salmon from being overpowering.  I was expecting good, I got great instead.  I was stuffed when I left, and I had half a sandwich and over half the fries left.. made me want to cry to leave it behind, but couldn't squeeze in another bite and didn't want to deal with leftovers.Hubby ordered the Ronin Burger and the Salt & Pepper Garlic fries.  First his fries.. he couldn't leave them alone.  As for the burger, he had ordered it medium and it arrived well done, but that didn't stop him from eating every single bite and practically moaning with ecstasy with each bite.  He didn't even care that there was no ketchup or mustard on his burger, he just knew he was in heaven.We'll definitely be back.. and soon :D
4	We had the oxtail chili cheese fries (11.5) and the kiki burger (10) for 25 on a friday night.- Fancy. Restaurant style was inviting, spacious and slightly romantic. dim lighting;)- Food presentation was perfect! Even the fries look symmetrical. lol. I loved the fried egg on top. I was a bit scared of the oxtail, too exquisite, but it was okay. a bit sweet. To compare, not as good as carne asada fries or the fries from buldogis.- Burger was made medium and was very juicy and flavorful. It was also too sweet for me. - Bun came from in-n-out? haha- AHEM...water please? haha- Overall, the fusion was a bit strange. okay concept. I'd prefer just American or Korean fusion, but it's a good try for once. do it!
5	DEEEEEELICIOUS!!!!  The flavors, the quality of the meat, the toppings, and the Sweet Potatoe fries, omgoodness, FANTASTIC!!!!   The service was excellent as well, our server was very attentive!  It was an absolute fabulous lunch!!!
4	I love Bachi Burger! It's been one of my favorite eateries in Vegas and it's on my side of town! We've been here a couple of times already and I think I've gotten the same thing both times...Kiki Burger. Their burgers are pretty big, I always have to share with my husband who does finish up his burger quite nicely. The last time I wanted to try the oxtail fries again, it was definitely a lot better than the first time we had it, but a bit spicy for this preggo. Service is a bit better at this location then the other one and we've never had to wait for a table yet! We definitely will be back!
5	This is one our favorite places to eat. The stir fry edamame with chili is always amazing. The Bachi fish is to die for. The fish is always cooked to perfection. The Miyagi-San burger is also a favorite. Not only is the food full of flavors the milk shakes are amazing as well. The serving sizes are generous. I usually have to finish my wife's fish burger. The fries are great too. if you love a mouthful of flavors then Bachi Burger is for you!!!
3	People are going to hang me for this, but infect like bachi burger wasn't as great as the front puts it up to be.  Maybe I'm one to expect more at a seated burger joint, but it didn't meet my expectations. The service was slow, the burger was okay but nothing I'd come back for again. The plus--two years ago I commented on the original location that the patty was the consistency of baby food and that is no longer the case. I was shocked to find that the wagyu patty is glazed in a sauce.  Why?  If I pay that much for a burger, I want to taste the meat.  The miyagi burger had tempura onions piled a few inches high under the bun, a fired egg, bacon, the glaze and their other sauce. It killed whatever taste I should have experienced from wagyu beef. I'll come back in another year or so and see what they come up with next. I guess I'm too much of a burger simpleton to truly appreciate the trendy thing they have going.
3	Came tonight for a late lunch/early dinner around 4:00. We were seated right away and our server was attentive.Boyfriend ordered the $12 calamari appetizer which was all fresh and tossed in red peppers, mint and tomatoes. You get the rings and full tentacles. Served with a side of green oil which we couldn't figure out the taste. He loved it but me I cant stand seafood lol so of course when I took a bite to try I was sick the rest of my meal.Everything is served a la carte so we ordered Parmesan truffle fries for $4.Boyfriend ordered the Mr. Miyagi burger cooked medium. Presentation was cool but the amount of onion rings was a bit much. He really enjoyed it otherwise.Honestly wasn't that impressed with my own burger. I ordered the Standard Bachi burger this only comes with lettuce, tomato, onion and a subtle BBQ drenched meat patty. All other toppings including cheese are an additional $1.50 each. I added cheddar cheese and applewood smoked bacon. Bacon portion was a little chinsy 1.5 pieces, really?? Why not give the full 2 pieces? Ok so I ordered medium well and it was pink/almost red all the way through. I didn't want to send it back but it definitely was not what I like. The sauce that covers the patty was such a subtle taste but was pretty good. The buns are amazing, some sort of Asian sweet roll that is baked daily and delivered fresh daily. Really wasn't happy with the soda choices, first off Pepsi eew. But to make things worse they only have Pepsi, diet Pepsi, Sierra mist and root beer. Total bill came to about $50 and we just weren't that satisfied for the price. Cool concept and I'm sure we will be back because the variety of items they offer. Definitely want to try the pork belly sliders !
5	This place is by far the best gourmet burger joint I've had yet! Love their food and their late night hours! I especially enjoy the unique ingredients thrown together with the most delicious beef cooked perfectly to my liking. I've had several burgers from the menu as well as all the fries. I can honestly say nothing has disappointed. The keke is my absolute fave and I can't decide which of the fries are my favorite. The staff is always friendly and the price isn't bad for the quality of the food. If you enjoy excellent burgers with unique twists on ingredients, you'll love this place.
5	Great fusion burger restaurant. Mr. Ho burger was fantastic. Unlike anything I'd had before. The hoisin mayo perfectly complimented the burger and bun.
5	I never visited the original location due to pure laziness but loved it when they opened one up by my favorite Indie movie theater.  This place is great for after a movie, lunch, dinner, or just to grab take out as I've done before.What I really enjoyed here was the variety of types of burgers whether you enjoy beef, fish, turkey, or chicken.  I've only had "The Lonely Bird" and "Bachi Fish" but everyone I've eaten who's joined me here has enjoyed what they've ordered.  The key to making this place different is their delicious buns and variety of sauces both really add to the flavor experience.  I do recommend going with a few people and ordering sweet potato or garlic fries with a variety of sauces.
5	Take out is a 15 minute made to order wait but so worth it!!!Love this place kalbi burger and Roni burger today plus salt and pepper garlic fries mmmmmmm.  Mmmmmm. Good    Chef deserves a kiss mwah!!Quick service menu iBeen meaning to try this I'll let ya know shortly how good it is - Well the report is in, and I have been twice now and I tell you what, best burgers in town.  Very Exotic and fresh, made to order, salt and pepper fries are insane, order one per person, kinda small.  Burgers are NOT small, just right, and so very perfect.   I recommend anything on the menu, I have had a few items and the are amazing.  Matcha Green Tea Banana Shake and all Shakes are off the richter, Myagi-San burger, amazing!  All the burgers are crazy good, pick one you wont go wrong.  Beef is fresh and juicy, fried to perfection.    Its a great burger for $12 with fries, $15 with drink for one, but its the best deal in town.    Bravo!  Try it, you will wont be sorry, if you like BEEF and FLAVOR!    Highly recommended.
4	Good Burgers! Just wish the A/C was working!!!
5	Delicious!!! Black and green burger and garlic fries... Great service. Refreshing drinks. Nice atmosphere. Will be back.
5	Had the best burger of my life here, it was GREAT.  I went in a party of four and we had 2 Kiki's burgers, one Bahn Mi and one Ho burger.  Everyone raved.  The burgers are so flavorful and cooked perfectly.  The service was very good as well.  This is my favorite LV casual restaurant.
4	Wow, love, love, love Bachi Burger.  We started with the steamed duck buns. . . I have never liked duck until NOW.  I would eat these yummy puffs of delight EVERY Day!  I had the salmon burger, he had the cod burger and both were fantastic.  THIS is how any fish sandwich should taste, PERIOD!  Fresh flavors and seafood with sauce that doesn't over power the flavors.  We like Bachi Burger so much we went back again today, I had the crab cake burger, he had a house burger.  The crab cake was light and fluffy, with nice lumps of crab, the chutney it is served with compliments the crab perfectly and leaves a spicy/sweet taste in its wake.  Mmmmm!  The burger he ordered was perfect, I have never had a better burger, REALLY, never.  Bachi Burger is doing it right, you will pay for the quality and fresh flavors but it is sooooo worth it.  ENJOY, I will be back next week!
4	How can you not like made-to-order burgers with Asian flair?  My Kalbi burger -- Angus beef marinated in kalbi sauce with kimchi -- was delicious.  Hubby's Ronin burger -- Angus Beef, caramelized onions, Japanese coleslaw, and a fried egg -- was colourful and juicy.  We thoroughly enjoyed our selections, despite an unusually long wait for our fries (20 min?).  No explanation as to why the fries were missing.....Check out Bachi for a fun fusion experience.
4	Heard about this place from a friend, so I had to give it a try. Got the Dogfish Head Burton Baton beer, the Back and Green burger, and the Salt and Pepper fires. Nothing like a day you can have a beer with lunch.I have to say that this is one of the best burgers that I have ever had. It's really great. I have now been to this place about 5 times in the last two weeks.
5	Went here for the first time tonight. Great service and the staff was super friendly. The girl waiting on us explained the whole menu and gave great recommendations. The food was amazing. I was hesitant at first because of the Asian influence on the burger. Once I tasted it I knew I would be back. It was a unique taste that I never had with a burger. I recommend the Miyagi San burger with Parmesan truffle fries.
5	Sweet Jesus Bachi Burger has ruined every single burger for the rest of my life. No other burger can compare to the overall yumminess of a Bachi Burger.So far i've in one way or another have tried the:Spicy MisoMr Miyagi Ronin Kalbi Each and every burger has it's own unique savoriness and bite. It's hard to pick a sure winner since they're all amazing. The oxtail chili fries...also amazing.Look i'm not gonna go into a lot of detail seeing as so many have already beaten me to it. If you havent been here yet GO. if you need someone to go with make a UYE and they will come.
5	Thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster for giving these folks a liquor license, because they do a grand job with it. A bevy of Dogfish Head & Rogue seasonals and special brews (this particular trip was My Antonia, an imperial pils with hops that'll kill a lesser man) plus a sake menu that propriety dictates I shouldn't wade into for the simple fact that I'll have to drive home following this foray. Service: Very attentive and not shy about suggesting their favorite burgers, which was helpful for me as a newbie. Water never got less than half full (and was refilled & looked after by everyone walking by, not just my primary server).Food, the meat of my review (har, ha... Nevermind): I got the Kiki Burger, taking the recommendation of one of the wait staff, because mushrooms kick ass. Holy double-hockeysticks, this is one delicious burger. I ordered medium-rare (the cognoscenti's level of doneness...) and it is fantastic. The bun's toasted like Texas Toast, the spring greens are crisp, the burger is juicy. I've long-since forgotten the type of sauce that it comes with (which I quickly taste-tested with a tempura-fried onion ring) but it's all over my buns and has a nice complimentary sweet-spice to it. The mushrooms are delicious and, as a previous reviewer has said so eloquently, "d@mmit, Bachi Burger has ruined all the rest of the burgers I'll eat in the future because they're so d@mn good". Or something like that. Either way, I'm in heaven - great big, beautiful beer, unbelievable burger and light, crispy onion rings in a happy environment.
4	This is another restaurant I have a love/hate relationship with.Their burgers are pretty good. However, you pay the price. A burger, fries, and a drink will cost you $20, at least. The hype over the burgers is generally true. Though, I find that I have a problem with hyping up items myself. It can't be helped. You read the list of ingredients adding up to a burger you're thinking about and you simply salivate. You imagine the most glorious burger in all the land. And then... it comes out to be good, but not what your dreams were made of.The atmosphere is usually pretty busy. Service is slow at best every time I've been there. Those details aside - it's definitely worth a visit once in a while.
5	Super good service, And awesome food! Burgers are amazing!!!
3	I'd give 3.5 stars but oh wells :/I went there since my bf wanted to try this place out. I got spicy miso and he got ronin. My spicy miso felt like it was based on korean pepper sauce, which I did not mind but it had weird...sweetness added to it. (maybe it happened when they mixed miso? I don't know) Burger was pretty greasy... :/ My bf didn't really say much about his burger so I guess it's not amazing nor bad!Honestly it was decent burger... However, the wait, service was below average. We had to wait half an hour for our order and another half an hour for check. Seriously? There weren't that many people. They need to work on their service. No one wants to wait hour for burger! :/
4	Oxtail chili cheese fries are amazing!! The burgers are cooked to order and honestly, I don't think there is anything on the menu that isn't fantastic. This is a great place to go when you want a burger outside the box. The service was good, they were super attentive at first and then it slowed down but still a great experience. If you order a Caesar salad, watch out for the anchovies, they actually use real anchovies...
1	Get ready to lose a couple of hours and be ignore or attended.  The Manager took our menus and we don't even order.  The place was empty only three family.   The bus boy was great he refill or water like 4 times is a shame that he cant take our order he was very attentive. If a place not have a minimum of customer service it not worth return to this place.we just left, before we lose our money
5	Love this place! Service has always been great. Been here about 10 times in the last year and every time I've been treated great by the staff and management. Food is usually served quick too, with no rush for me to pay my bill. I must admit, I only come here for their Cod or Salmon Sandwich. I have not tried any of the beef burgers yet, but based on the reviews they're good too. I usually don't get the fries, but people I've come here with love it. One of my biggest pet peeves is when I'm talking to the person I'm eating with and the waiter or waitress interrupts our convo just to ask how we are doing. This place is not guilty of this. The waitresses always good with their timing.
3	It would be 3.5 stars.  Very, very good burger (not as good as mine at home, but good)...but stupidly priced.  I am not frugal or cheap, I piss away money on food and beer/wine all the time have no problem doing it.  But as good as these burgers are (and they are good) stupid price.  Alright beer selection, but it could be better...
3	Realistically, I give this place 3.5 stars. The decor is nice and the menu is appealing. They list everything that comes on and with ur orders.... But I felt that it was a tad bit too show-ee for me... Maybe that's what u get in Vegas? Came in based on a recommendation for the oxtail chili fries. That did not disappoint. It was good. A lot of meat, and flavorful. I would say it's a must try if it's your first time. I also had their summer special, the Manga burger. That was OK. A bit too much sauce...couldn't really get too much of the burger flavor. I washed it down with the matcha green tea milk shake. Yum! Maybe I'm spoiled with the burger joints in LA. But Bachi Burger is opening a location on Sawtelle soon. I guess then we can see how they do head to head with the other burger joints out here. That will be fun!
4	Hibachi traditionally means fire bowl in Japanese, but the word "Bachi," is associated with Karma or punishment attributed to someone, who does wrong doing.  But the "Bachi" in Bachi Burger is just Hibachi abbreviated, because if you've been to Bachi Burger, the Asian gourmet style burgers are the best.  Got there early, enough to beat the crowd, like 5:30pm.  The atmosphere was retro, with a mixed crowd--and I was surprised at an extensive menu to suit everyone, from children to the old--Appetizers galore, and desserts too.  For those meat lovers, Angus beef and Wagyu (similar to that Kobe steak) and the Lonely Bird (turkey chix mix) and fish too.  Love the design of this place.  As it got busy the hostess, was busy running around, should have one stationary, and one seating guests  The change in waiters and waitresses kept us busy wondering who was actually waiting on us.  But overall, it was a good experience and the burgers, were the best.  Looking forward to returning.
5	The burgers here definitely are good. I've tried the Kiki and the Ronin. Both hit the spot.  I recommend the Oxtail chili fries. They are very good. The service was pretty good when I had gone. I went with a group 10+. Waitress was friendly and was usually there when needed. Also when the check came we asked her to split certain things on certain checks and she had no problem with it. Good service and good food. The only thing is that its a litte pricy for a burger drink and fries.
5	I had the good fortune of having a friend living in Henderson bring me to this place when I visited Vegas this past weekend. I would never have known about Bachi Burger otherwise because this place isn't on the strip or anything, but it's still wildly popular. We waited an hour to get seats, but that might have just been a particularly busy day, still it was worth the wait. I highly recommend the Oxtail chili cheese fries. It's the best chili cheese fries I tried to date, albeit their take on it is a little different from the traditional (less cheese and beans) but that's what makes it so great. Next, I got the Ronin burger ordered to medium well and oh man.... I always considered myself a fan of good burgers and after trying this, I'm going to have to place them in my top 5 list. My friend tried the Spicy Miso burger. After swapping samples we both agreed the Ronin was better. I'm definitely looking forward to trying some of the others on the menu when i come back to Vegas next time or when they open in LA. Definitely recommend people come out to try this place if you have the time to travel a bit off the strip.
4	Delicious, original burgers are truly the way to my heart. I've tried 3 or 4 burgers on the menu and I'm always surprised by the depth of flavors in each. My favorite by far is the mushroom burger. It's a bit odd that I wouldn't even eat a mushroom 5 years ago and now it's one of my favorite foods.I have to take 1 star off for service and a ridiculous story. My roommate used to work at the Blue Diamond location and knows the menu fairly well. He ordered a burger medium rare and it clearly came out on the verge of well done. When he said something the head chef had the nerve to come out and say that's how that particular burger looks when it is medium rare. Apparently he was trying to make sure he didn't have to cook another burger but obviously that's awful customer service. Shame on you Bachi Burger. You deserve 5 stars but your chef deserves a swift kick in his ass.
2	Azn fusion burger joint located in S. Summerlin, 7 miles west of the 15 on Sahara.  They offer wagyu beef served on a sweet Taiwanese bun.  The other Azn factor is the hi "bachi" which the burgers are cooked upon.  No offense to my yf Lisa S. from Vegas, but this place failed in many ways.  It also received high ratings from other Yelpers, but I was very disappointed.My friend and I ordered the Black & Green   ($13) and Miyagi ($14) versions.  The B&G has wagyu beef, blue cheese and bacon.  The Miyagi has furikake, fried egg, onion rings and bacon.  We also ordered parmesan truffle fries ($5) and onion rings ($3.50).First of all, another table received their food before us even though we were seated and ordered before them.  To add insult to injury, I was starving and they ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries ($11.50 w/ fried egg on top).  This plate looked awesome!  Despite the foregoing, the fries and rings were good when we finally got them.Both burgers were ho hum - Nothing Special.  The B&G did not have much blue cheese and it was missing bacon on one side.   The Miyagi was just missing - it came out 15 min after my burger (and at the same time as another customer who was seated well after us).  When I asked the Mgr where the Miyagi was, all he said was there was a problem in the kitchen.  The real problem was that my friend's burger was served to another table because I saw Miyagis being served to other tables where the patrons came after us.The Mgr did try to show us some luv by giving us complimentary Portuguese donuts.  We were eagerly expecting pao doce (sweet bread) or malasadas.  Unfortunately, what we received was fried dough that was the consistency of a cake donut on the inside, w/ the taste of cinnamon from a stale churro on the outside.  One word description:  NASTY!I would not make the trek from the strip to come again.  The food is nothing special, the prices are high and the service is spotty.  I can get a much better burger and service back home in OC at Umami, 25 Degrees and Haven.
4	My first time today because two of my friends wanted to go here and I thought, why not?I tried the Kiki burger because of a tip/review on here and it's definitely good. It was better than I thought since I'm not usually the type to eat burgers.I don't know about the price, though the burgers are really good.It's in Village Square and I don't usually come around this side of town so who knows when I'll be back.Definitely was a good first time :).
5	A nice change from your normal burger joint. Unique burger, great sides and apps. If your into beer they have a small but great selection. Oh and if you can only order one thing it has to be the oxtail chili cheese fries. CRAZY GOOD!
4	I had been to the location on Windmill a couple times so never got around to going in to the westside location until now.Consistent food quality  and beverage menu to the other location.I had the Kiki Burger and truffle parm fries with a bottled craft beer.  The Burger is a great burger.  Asked for med-rare and it came spot on rare.  This was not a big deal for me, but I know it would have been an issue with others.  The fries are great although it's hard to mess up truffle and parmesan  if you cook the fries right.  They were out o the first 3 beers I asked for...not sure if that is normal or an exceptional case.  Additionally the server did not know a lot about the beers.I don't love the seating in here, but it works for their volume on a busy night.  Service was friendly and food came out quick despite being slightly busy that night.Still love their buns!
4	I was expecting horrible food due the noise, fluorescent lighting and sports bar/fusion restaurant atmosphere. How can you relax while you eat with the sights and sounds of being at a sports bar? However, I tried a burger that the waitress recommended and it was great. It turned a two star into a for star. When you're not in a large "strip" hotel/casino, you usually get road apples in Vegas. Trust me, you better know where to eat.
5	Service is very good! Lots better than the Henderson location.. Our server was very knowledgable about the food! The black and green burger is a must try item as well as the pan fried edamame!
5	The ox tail fries and burgers are very good, love the taste.  Had a little trouble finding the place because it was not on the main road, it next to a movie theater.  Very worth the trip.
1	Eek! 'Methinks not' is right. Pretty good service, but let's just say that I've tasted better. Much better. The Ronin burger was MUCH too sweet. I couldn't even taste the patty because of the overbearing sugary flavor of the caramelized onions that flooded the burger. What a letdown. A few words of advice. Don't get the Ronin.
3	I soooo wanted to love this place.  I still haven't found a place I'd like to regular in Summerlin;(We arrived around 7:30 pm on a Thursday, there was a lively crowd...maybe about 20 people.  It only took a moment to be acknowledged and then seated by the hostess.  For some odd reason, the hostess seated us  at the least desirable table (nearest to the restrooms) although there were plenty of open tables.  The restrooms were not separated by a door or curtain from the dining hall.  So my husband (the polite gentlemen he is) sat in the seat that looked into the restroom hallway. Anyway, we did ask to move, which our waitress happily obliged.  We ordered our drinks.  Plenty of beers and signature Saki cocktails, but only a few wines by the glass, but in their defense that had atleast one of each of the most popular varietals (e.g one chard, one pinot grigio, one cab, one merlot, one zin, and one pinot noir).  The waitress took our order as soon as we came back with our drinks, because we were ready.  While I didn't see it on the menu, but saw it on their website, I asked her if they had the Shogun burger (which was my main draw to this restaurant), she said they don't serve it at the Summerlin location.  Bummer.  I had to pick an alternative...more on that later.Between ordering our drinks and our meal, we had a chance to look around and observe the atmosphere. The scene is young, hip, kind of alternative, yet still had a bit of that "Chinese restaurant" look due to the chairs.  Not tacky by any means, but did take it down a notch.  I appreciated that the restaurant attempts to support its local roots by hanging art by local artist that can be purchased and also being mindful of the environment by sending their compostable waste to Cowboy Trail Farms for reuse.   I did think it was a little too much to be showing Food Network on one TV and The Cooking Channel on the other TV...I suppose it could be a good plug for them if DDD comes on, but then again the dinners already know about this place;)Our order came in a timely manner. We shared an order of the salt and pepper garlic fries, my husband got the Miso burger and I got a bunless Kiki burger.   We expected the fries to be thicker cut, but they were shoe strings garnished with salt, pepper, jalapenos and cilantro with a side of garlic aioli. They were tasty, especially with the sauce.  The first thing we noticed that the burgers were appetizingly big, which justified the price, even making it seem like a value.   We took our first bites, we both thought they were overly sweet.  While I understand the presence of all flavors, we thought there was an imbalance towards sweetness coming from the burgers being overly dressed with sauce.  In addition the burger meat was not seasoned but maybe that was intentional as to not compete with the sauces and condiments that are on top of it. Either way...both burgers were too saucy to eat neatly..my Kiki had too much onion marmalade and his Miso burger had  too much apple vinaigrette.  Besides the bun of the Miso burger was too flimsy to hold up to the saucy mess.  As we continued to eat, we really felt the need for salt to counteract the overly sweet toppings and to season the beef.  Adding salt did enhance the meat, but didn't really blunt the sweetness.  Sad since, the beautiful meat that has been so consciously sourced and carefully selected should be highlight, and possibly a light sprinkle of salt would have enhanced its greatness. As we continued to finish our burgers, we became more and more bummed it was not what we thought it would be and definitely didn't live up to the hype.  Still I like Bachi Burger's expression of its passions and consciousness of the environment and its local community, I just hope it can improve on its uniqueness!
5	MMMMMMM! One of the best burgers I've had. The Kalbi burger, angus beef cooked with kalbi marinade topped off with loads of kimchee all on a sweet tasting bun! Sweet potato fries and Parmessian cheese fries were also good!They have alot of other tasty burgers to choose from. My Mom had the Fish Burger which she enjoyed. My gf and sister-in-law had the Kiki burger which had caramelized onions, mushrooms, bacon and cheese. My brother had the Bahn mi (i think that's the name). He liked it and said I gotta have that next time! Aurite! NEXT TIME!!! There was a short 10-15 minute wait but well worth it! Service was good too!We will be back!!
4	Food was excellent! Service not so good. I had the Kalbi  burger & the wife had a Bachi burger. Both were excellent, but a little under cooked for what we asked for. The kim chee on my burger was just right, not over powering. We went on a Monday evening. There were 8 tables occupied & 3 servers. I had a beer & we both drank water. The water was filled once & the napkins we asked for when the food came never arrived. That was the extent of our servers attention. Beer & water were dropped off as she took our food order, she dropped off the burgers. That was it. The manager brought the appetizer & we had to ask him for the check after we finished eating, after waiting 20 minutes. Don't recall who filled the water, but wasn't our server. I do recommend this place as the food was great. I will give them another try.
5	Simply amazing! This unassuming restaurant serves some of the most amazing flavors I have ever tasted on a bun. From their truffle fries, to the dipping sauces, to the delicious texture and flavor of the buns, to the amazing concoction of flavors they serve up...everything is scrumptious. This place is great for a casual dinner with friends or even an intimate dinner with your significant other. The staff is very friendly and the prices are not bad at all.
5	Every burger is just amazing... their meat is super juicy and their Asian fusion brings in a different taste to every burger.,... did I mention that their fries are just great??
4	I ate here twice. The customer service is lacking. Next time the service is the same level I will change to a *1 star. I shouldn't get thirst to the point I have to go up and ask for a refill (previous visit). If it wasn't for how good the food was and decent prices, I would give them the 1 star now. I have been hearing stories already about groups walking out. ***Management please listen: We love your food, but if you don't change your ways and provide better customer service; your going to lose more customers.
5	Awesome food and great, friendly staff! A must go if in the LV area !!
5	Bachi, bachi, bachi.... my how you have grown on me since you first opened. After my horrible service experience when the original Bachi opened a few years back, I have turned into a huge fan that raves about this place to everyone. There's a really good chance that if you are coming to visit me in Vegas, you will be going to Bachi Burger. My favorite is the Miyagi-San burger. About as perfect of a burger as I have ever had and blows away anything else in Vegas at that price point. I mean, honestly you can get an amazing burger at Bachi for about twice the price of a Carl's Jr burger and won't feel like you know what after you eat it.If you haven't been to Bachi yet, you are missing out. I like the decor and atmosphere of this location a bit more than the original. Don't like that I live pretty much right in the middle of both of them and it takes about 15 minutes or so to get to either of them. Can't they open up next door to my place??? I promise I'll come at least once or twice a week!!! Pretty please!!!
4	Hubby & I loved the burgers, had the ronin & the Kiki burger. Like everyone says it's big & juicy & tasty. We had the sweet potato fries & the salt pepper fries. Sweet potato fries were great, the salt pepper fries were spicier then expected & also came with cilantro which hubby hates. Ordered the marshmallow milk shake which was pretty good! Only thing it's pretty pricey for a burger joint but I guess equal to a place like Johnny rockets. Also service was good until it got busy then our server was over worked and hardly checked in with us n took forever for the bill.
3	I've been trying to get my husband to try this place since it opened on the west side...it's hard to tear him away from Buldogi's which is in the same shopping center!We stopped in for a weekday lunch. There were only a couple other tables with customers. Service was fast, friendly and helpful. She answered all our newbie questions and patiently waited for our decisions.I decided on the Miyagi-san burger since I wanted to try their Wagyu beef. I had it cooked medium to their recommendation. I loved the bun! I think my burger and egg were over cooked. So my burger was a bit dry and I was hoping for a nice runny yolk egg on my burger. It was tasty but not all that special. I had a bite of my husbands burger which was had an Angus beef burger and we both agree it didn't seem any different from my more expensive beef. Disappointing. My husband got the Spicy Miso burger also cooked to their recommendation, his burger and egg were cooked better than mine. It was an interesting burger, good taste. My husband wished it was spicier, he thinks the egg made it bland. We shared some Truffle Parmesan fries, they were okay. Again nothing special. The fries were nice and crispy and not greasy, but not a lot of taste. I liked the Porcini cream on top but there wasn't enough, I didn't care for the Sun dried Tomato AiolI dip. My husband had the complete opposite feeling on the sauces.The prices are pretty similar to other gourmet burger places in town.I'd go back if some one wanted to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. I would definitely order something else, there are some yummy sounding selections on the menu.
3	Home of awesome asian fusion burgers where the kalbi burger is highly recommended. They also serve wagyu beef burgers at a much more reasonable price than high-end dining establishments. If you're not feeling hungry for a burger, they have a good selection of other fares. The duck bao was ok though not a fan of the slightly bitter greens in the bao. A major complaint would be that the service is awfully slow so don't plan on getting a quick lunch here.
5	5 stars, simple as that. The best gourmet burgers I've ever had. There are two locations here in Las Vegas, I usually go to the one in summerlin. Awesome service, good music, good TV shows on (cooking shows and ESPN). Clean classy interior, and most important of all delicious food. Check it out when you can, you won't regret it!
5	Saw this restaurant on Diners Drive-In and Dives, and decided that it was something that I had to try.  Let me tell you these Burgers are worth it...awesome flavors and oh sooooooooo nom nommy!!!  Even tried the oxtail chilli fries, it was pretty good...but would rather get a second burger instead.
5	The best burger in Las Vegas in my opinion!!! I'm not really a big fan of burger and would only eat it due to cravings. But this place makes me a huge burger fanatic! I really love the Kiki burger.  I've tried the Banh mi burger and Ronin burger which are also good and flavorful. But the Kiki burger is by far my favorite.  Don't forget to try their truffle parmesan fries and stir fried garlic chili edamame. Mmmmnnnn, so good! I can't wait to come back to this place and try their other specialty sandwiches and burgers.  The service was excellent as well. Food came out right away, cooked just how we liked it.  The servers were prompt in refilling our drinks and clearing stuff away as we lick our plates clean...okay, that's an exaggeration! I think the prices are reasonable for the portions it comes in.  Try this place and you won't regret it :)
3	I wish I would have been feeling better than I was; even given my state of ick, I found Bachi Burger to be quite tasty. We got there around 4:30 on a Saturday evening & there were only a few other tables occupied (by the time we were leaving the movie theater at 7:30, it looked like there were people waiting outside). We were immediately given waters yet never asked if we wanted anything else to drink. We could've asked on our own but the water seemed sufficient. The menu is fairly concentrated but the selection is not lacking. Our waiter was the perfect level of attentive, smiled alot & handled my inquiries (i.e. neurosis) like a champ. The menu clearly states "no substitutions" (i.e. don't start changing $#!% or it'll take away the integrity of the dish) so I wanted to be respectful of that. We ordered the chili fried chicken (appetizer), truffle parmesan fries w/sundried tomato aioli &, while we could have just split a Kiki burger, at this point, we wanted them cooked differently. I would go back for the chili fried chicken alone. For an appetizer, there's a generous serving. Quality meat cooked perfectly (very filling!). Somehow, I've never had truffle anything so the fries were a treat. I'm not a meat person- I eat meat but I don't want it to taste like meat- so I order everything "not quite a hockey puck but well done". What Bachi managed to do is cook it just to the point of thorough where it was still pillow soft inside. There was an intense char on the outside that was deliciously crispy (not hocky puck'y). Since I didn't have much of an appetite & since the chicken & fries filled me up, I didn't eat much of my burger. But what I did eat left the impression of being unique & worth going back for. I'll admit, I was a bit nervous to try Bachi, after reading reviews of both locations & questioning their customer service. Due to the concentrated menu, there's an opportunity to obtain alot of regulars who go back for the same, special item(s) that can't be found elsewhere. But if they can't get the customer service issues under control, something with amazing, long-term potential could be tarnished over something so easy to fix. I just hope my positive experience wasn't luck & that it'll be equally pleasant the next time I go.
5	great place, fits the hype.  definitely would recommend. all you have to do is look at their menu to realize its filled with tons of gourmet choices.
5	BEST. FISH. BURGER. EVER! No joke, Bachi Fish burger is the best fish burger of my life. The fries with mushroom gravy and parm with a tomato aoli shouldn't be missed either.Note to you red meat eaters, my husband said quote "I should have ordered your fish burger over my beef, its waaayyyy better". Try it, you wont be disappointed.
3	Me, my sis, my bf and a friend decided to go try this location out. Got seated in minutes. Took a bit long for the food to come. I ordered a ronin burger, medium rare, well just my luck my burger comes out raw. I give a little piece to my bf n his son I did eat some of it. Told the waiter and the manager came n talked to me n he took 2 bucks off the bill..lol..and brought us some donuts and a small scoop of coffee ice cream. As I spooned some to my friend, she noticed something hanging that looked like coconut, so we thought, well to our surprise, it was a piece of tissue or could be part of the paper from a straw that was in the ice cream. We all were like wtf!!.couldnt believe it happened twice...def won't be going back to that location.
5	Family in town and this is on their radar, we've been wanting to come back, so this is the right time.  We haven't been to this new location since they opened, but we're hoping it's as good as the original.The place is very modern chic, concrete stained floors, flat screens on the wall, broadcasting both the TV Food network and The Food channel at the same time.  There are five of us and we get a tables pushed together.  Our server is at the table right away, we get our order in and knowing what's to come, my mouth is watering already. I get the kiki burger, angus beef, sauteed mushrooms (shiitake, enoki, and eryngii), some caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade and aged gruyere cheese with garlic chili aioli.  It was sweet!  The burger was cooked to perfection, the flavors melting together as the first bite is taken, in a matter of minutes, the whole thing is gone and I cannot remember enjoying a better burger.The family all enjoyed their burgers, it was worth the trip.  Now that they are a little closer to the house, might be visiting more often!  Good food, great service, and fun atmosphere.
5	Oxtail fries, need I say more?
4	Reading all these reviews I feel like the "banh mi" burger isnt getting as much rave as it should, I mean.... Guy from Diners Drive Ins and Dives did come here to eat that and loved it! It's possibly the best burger I've ever had. The myagi burger isnt as flavorful. The oxtail chili fries isnt as great as I expected, it was too sweet for my taste. And it's really big!!! I
3	Was pretty good. I liked the crispy bun.
5	Ate here for the first time today. I have been hearing great things about them fr a while now so i thought i would stop in. The food was amazing, I had a custom burger and some ribs, my boyfriend had a Ronin burger, both were coold perfect and tasted wonderful. The service was spot on, Nick was suoer friendly and answered any questions we had. I can't wait to go back.
5	I don't want to talk about it! It'll make me hungry and want to drive to Las Vegas NOW! I'm MAD! why no BACHI Burger in LOS ANGELES! REALLY.  Here you go...GET THE Oxtail fries...and ask the waiter about the burgers featured on the food network show.  Then chose from there. You CAN'T GO WRONG! mmmmmmm yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
5	This place is amazing! Im not really a burger person... So when my hubby wants to go try this place, I was dragging my feet. However, their bachi fish burger is so light and favorable, I'm so glad I decided to accompany my hubby. They use cod, second best fish in my book (sea bass is always my first choice). The bun is so soft and the toppings are very fresh. My hubby got the pork belly bun. It was a little to fatty for me, but my husband loved it. It comes in a steamed Asian white bun, the favor is very similar as peking duck. Overally we loved this place. Definitely will come back next time we are n town.
3	Nice spot to check out, especially if you're a TV foodie. Oxtail chili cheese fries are a must try! Most of the burgers we tried were good, but not really as good as everyone else made them out to be. Also, the server got our orders wrong and had to go back to correct herself more than once. Maybe it was an off-day when I went, but I was not impressed. I'm hoping my next BB experience in LA will be better. I'll give it another shot!
4	I had been meaning to try this place out and I'm glad I finally did.  We tried many different items and here is what we thought.*Calamari - It was really good! I would recommend this dish.*Edamame - This wasn't something we ordered. We got some free edamame because our food was taking forever. It was nice of them and I enjoyed it!*Taro milk tea with boba - It was decent, but didn't have enough boba. *Vietnamese Coffee -  Delicious, but may be too sweet for some. *Truffle Parmesan fries - Yum! Not a fan of their sun dried tomato aioli dipping sauce, but perfect without it.*Kiki's burger- Slightly sweet due to the sweet onion marmalade, ordered it medium and it was cooked perfectly, delicious garlic chili aioli sauce served on the side.*Bachi Fish- Not what I expected, but very good! Very messy, so ask for extra napkins. *Mandarin Orange Tangerine soda - So good! You must try this if you're a citrus fan.* Trio of assorted ice cream sandwiches: Pistachio- This is one of my favorite ice cream flavors, so it's no surprise I liked it. Black sesame- Surprisingly delicious! My favorite of the three. Maple nut- Not sweet enough. Not as good as I expected.I would love to go back and try some of their other menu items. So many things sound delicious!
4	'Discovered' this place via watching "Diners, Drive-ins & Dives" on the food network.  Decided to give it a try and glad we did.  Short version: if you like hamburgers, you must try this place.Long version: LOT of flavors happening in this food.  The fries are excellent in their own right, and topping them with oxtail chili, cheese and jalapenos turns a side item into an appetizer (or a meal).  The bahn-mi burger was both delicate and hearty, with perfect layers of sweet, savory, spicy and sharp notes in each bite.  My wife had the miagi burger and I got a bite of it, but it was much more subtly delicious and did not stand up to the flavor-forward burger I was already consuming.  She loved it, and the onion rings in her burger were extremely good.The place is nice with a modern feel, clean and well-ordered.  We experienced no problems with service, our server was spot-on before and during the meal, though after finishing we waited a little longer than we wanted receiving the check.We will definitely return and bring friends to try it, and I look forward to tasting some of the other really-interesting-looking stuff on the menu.P.S. You can get a 'regular' burger and fries if you're not adventurous; I will one day because the quality of ingredients and skill of prep promise to make it one of the best burgers in Vegas.
2	It's an upscale burger joint with "fusion" alternatives.Burger, Fries and a "coke" for $20*Bachi Burger -   It's a fine line between caramelized and charred. My burger came charred. I ordered med-well and was advise it would be pink in the middle. I said,"perfect"....well, that wasn't the case when it showed up.The Bun and Veggies were up to par. I ordered an egg with it and it was cooked perfectly. It was the patty that ruined the meal- the flakes of charred matter killed the burger. I couldn't even taste the red onion*Just Fries -  Over priced ($3.50) for plain skinny fries. *Root Beer -  Soda machine needs calibration. $2.50 for a flat soda. I asked for another and they cranked up the carbonation mix and it tasted too carbonated.The only reason why the place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is the atmosphere and its employees.The manager was very apologetic and asked what she could do to make it up.Sorry Bachi, I can get a decent burger, fries and "coke" for $10 at fuddruckers or fatburger. And for a little over $5 I can get an In-n-out burger.For $20 - go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant inside Paris Hotel and Casino and order a Lamb Burger (5 stars). There's a dress code; so no flip-flops and shorts
4	First time with the Summerlin location, but not with Bachi Burger. I brought my famished friends from L.A. here after they made the drive to visit me. Naturally, I had to give them a tour from the local's POV, starting off with getting them fed properly.I can't speak on behalf of my friends, but the fact that they were finished every bite speaks for itself. Or... they could've just been hungry, but they seemed quite satisfied so I'll leave it at that.Had the kalbi burger and I gotta say that it hit my burger craving right on the head. Though it only made a small dent in my Korean food craving, the burger itself was cooked medium and was moist and tender as it should be. The kimchi wasn't too overpowering and blended well with the gochujang mayo.Between the five of us, we split an order of truffle parmesan fries and sweet potato fries. Personally, I like the sweet potato fries more, but I'm working on discerning the truffle flavor. The aiolis are matched well with their respective fries.Service was great and pricing is typical for an upscale burger restaurant like this.
5	Oh, Bachi Burger... where have you been all my years in Las Vegas? Oh, that's right, you just opened. I just wish you had done it sooner.Let's get one thing out of the way: I hate all things Guy Fieri but a lot of people have said a lot of good things about this place so we wanted to give it a shot.We started with the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. I'm not an oxtail person but I am not lying when I tell you they were delicious. Seriously rich flavor, absolutely heaven. We also had the Crispy Fried Onion Rings, which were addictive. There is no other word.My husband ordered the "Banh-Mi" Burger while I had a Bachi Burger with Swiss and bacon. The meat itself had a wonderful taste and the burgers were done perfectly. To drink we had the Thai Iced tea and a Plantation-Style Sweet Tea. My mouth is watering again thinking about the Sweet Tea.Our waiter was awesomely attentive and it was a great experience. My only complaint would be the not-great-sounding sound system. Aside from that, I can't wait to go back again!
4	Their Burgers are original and authentic...The Banh Mi Burger, Grass Fed Waygu Burger, Oxtail Chili Fries, Truffle Parmesan Fries...It's all really good. Its not your typical Burger joint...including nice table cloths, romantic lighting, and full wait staff.
5	New Summerlin location is close to my house and is right by the movie theatre so makes it a great spot for date night with my wife.  Every time I go, though, it never seems to be very busy?  Either way, I have yet to be disappointed with the food here, or the service for that matter.  Banh Mi burger is fantastic, and what I get time and time again. I've been here about 5 times and the food is always consistent.  Burgers come out perfect, fries are crispy, appetizers arrive promptly, and the service is solid.  Some people will nitpick this place to death, but it's a really simple concept that's done well.5 stars for a local restaurant with good food and service.
2	Rating on food alone.  Service was great.  Ate the miyagi San burger but my egg was well done and I was looking forward to a runny yolk since there was not really a spread. BUT the crispy onions were great.  Got the calamari but it tasted like raw flour.  I don't think I will come back being that this was my second upset here.
5	My little brother and I went here randomly the other day for lunch, I had been meaning to do so for a few months now. We walked in to a quaint restaurant with an adorable vibe. We were seated and instantly greeted with water and started off our meal with "Bachi pickles" which, at the time, I wasn't sure what they were. I also had a nuclear green, green tea and my brother had strawberry lemonade. The "Bachi pickles" was an assortment of pickled things, like garlic, beet, and peppers. So delicious!   For my entree I ordered the special spare rib sandwich, it was delicious! It was super tender considering spare ribs can be tough and weren't as fatty as I had expected, which is fine by me! My brother enjoyed a Ronin burger which was massive, he only ate half, that never happens! We shared a side of sweet potato fries, fried to perfection and sprinkled with salt. They were served with a sauce I can't remember the name of but it was super lemony, if you will, that I devoured.  Ericka was our server and she was super attentive and sweet. She never left our water glasses unattended and always made sure we were perfectly content. We will be back!
5	Came for early dinner on a Friday evening w/o reservations- we got seated immediately, but I think we might've juuuust missed the rush, bc the restaurant was packed within 30mins. Every burger on the menu looked better than the last- I had the Miyagi-San, recommended by the waiter, which was absolutely amazing! Started w the pickles and parmesan fries, if we had room for more, the oxtail chili cheese fries would have def been a choice- I'm from LA and lived though the last 2 years of the burger craze out there, including Umami, and gotta admit, Bachi is my new fav! Our waiter was incredibly nice, knowledgeable and VERY helpful! thanks!!
5	My wife and I finally made the trip up to Bachi today....after getting our food, we wondered why we waited so long.  I ordered the Black and Green burger, my wife had the Lonely Bird.  We split an order of the Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries.  To say that the meal was decadent is an understatement.  Amazing taste, great combination of textures and flavors. The service was prompt and very friendly.  We are definately going back again....and soon.
5	We have been eating off the strip lately, and have found some exceptional restaurants.  We had one of the best hamburgers we have ever had at Bachi Burger.  The hamburger patty was marinated, with a subtle but tasty flavor.  The bao buns were great.  There is a lot on the menu to try. We will be back.
4	Great Service, Good food.
4	If you want a unique burger this is the place. The atmosphere of this restaurant is large and nicely designed. The staff is very prompt. Aside from the burgers they have some interesting side dishes and deserts. Overall this is great place for lunch or dinner. Recommended!
5	Outstanding.  What a delicious surprise. When my son suggested we go there I was reluctant because I was not really in the mood to try anything new and normally not a 'burger person'.  We started w/ the specialty appetizer, oxtail chili cheese fries-- great balance of flavors and there was a perfect ratio of toppings to fries, which were crispy and cooked perfectly. The burgers are sublime. Unique, and full of flavor on the perfect bun. We literally just got back and had to write this because we were so inspired and happy to have such a satisfying and delicious meal.  Can't wait to return to bachi burger to try something else.  The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice, casual but modern and elegant.  Our server was knowledgable, friendly, and attentive.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  Looking forward to our next visit!
4	My girlfriend and I took my dad and brother there and got down! We ordered oxtail chili cheese fries, Bahn-Mi Burgers, poached pear crepes, Bachi Pickles, and the Shogun burger. The burgers were juicy and succulent. The oxtail chili cheese fries were delicious and the serving was large. The poached pear crepes and Bachi pickles were a nice ending to the meal. We really enjoyed their take on a typical American meal; it was fresh and the bread they utilized make the burgers go from a 7 to a 9. The service was also solid due their politeness and professionalism. We have been back twice since this visit and will return again. Thank you Bachi Burger!
5	The BEST!! You have to try this place! Both locations are awesome!!
1	This place is highly overated. I ordered their famous kiki burger and was very dissapointed it was a undercooked patty smothered with sauce and other condiments.  I ordered the truffle frys and was further dissapointed. I would not come again based on low quality and that they are heavily over priced. I appreciate qulaity and good flavor reflecting such, therefore I would suggest going anywhere else for a burger.....
3	Just like everyone else, my family and I came here because it was featured on Food Network.  I'm a huge fan of that channel and I wouldn't pass up trying something that Guy Fieri got to eat!  Of course because of this we had high expectations.  What do you expect?First thing's first, this place was really crowded. There were limited seating in the waiting area and the wait was about 45 minutes.  Now I'm not going to tear this place a new one just because the wait was long and I can feel people practically breathing over my shoulder.Food was really pricey however, they were delicious. We ordered the ribs as an appetizer and they were fall off the bone.  They used great sauce and plating was really nice.  Only downside is that the ribs were so tiny and for $9 it only came with 4. it was kind of ridiculous.  We each ordered a different burger and we all felt they were surprisingly good.  They were just so many flavors embedded into each burger, almost too many flavors, but it wasted great.  I also ordered the Almond Boba Milk Tea.  Worst decision I've made.  The boba was just disgusting.  It was so tasteless and I was tempted to ask them to strain it out, but that would be rude.  Every initial sip tasted good cause the milk tea wasnt bad, but after drinking the tea you're left with several balls of boba in your mouth that you're just chewing and chewing... and chewing... and chewing....So far, food was definitely a 4 star or 4 and a half star range.  However....The service was awful.  Just so terrible.  Service is what brings customers back.  Just because you're on Food Network and you get a continuous busy flow of customers does not mean you can completely disregard customer service.  After we were seated we were completely forgotten.  We were seated closest to the hostess and the front doors as well.  Our waitress was rude.  Her name was Claire.  She was extremely pushy when suggesting appetizers and she just sounded like she wasnt havin it.  If it wasnt for the tasty food, which sadly took an hour to get, I'd give this place a solid 2. Actually I'd give it a 1, but the hostess was nice.  She had to personally get our check for us because we were waiting for it for maybe 30 minutes after clearly finished eating, and then it took another 20 minutes for them to take the check away.  Near the end we were all simultaneously bashing the restaurant's service and it made us forget how good the food was entirely.If its your first time, sure, try the food just to say you've tried this place.  We probably wont come again though, it isnt worth it.
5	This place is off the hook I am never disappointed when I go there. Their most popular dish, the oxtail chili cheese fries, really lives up to the hype it's so addictive. I usually get the kiki burger because caramelized bacon, spicy mayo, and gruyere cheese just sounds so amazing. If you're not up for the chili fries and like slightly spicy I recommend there salt and pepper fries which comes with fresh sliced jalapenos tossed in. Unfortunatley I have not had dessert every time I've gone because the burgers are so big and even though you say you won't eat it all you usually do. This place is good all around for food, drink, and your wallet.
4	Fantastic, eclectic burgers. Will definitely leave full. Great sauces for the fries. Loved the unique sodas too (apple lychee). Nice, off the strip, go-to place if you want a tasty burger for half of what you would pay on the strip!
4	Ingredients for a good burger restaurant:1) The bun - Crisp and shiny outside, soft and flavorful inside and the condiments aren't soaked into the bun.2) The burger - cooked thoroughly but not overcooked.  Flavorful on its own and enhanced by the toppings, not overwhelmed by them.3) The toppings, choices and freshness are key.  Limp Lettuce and soggy onion rings just don't do it. (Sorry Whopper bar).  Bachi Burger may have it all.  The texture, the color, the flavor.... YUM really says it all.  The place is a bit dark but the service was good. The combinations of beef and toppings, whether you prefer Angus or Wagyu, all seem to work well.  Their fries are good too. If you prefer a traditional burger, or to pick your toppings you can do that too.  All in all this is one of the better burger options.
4	I'm not much of a burger person but these burgers are tasty!!! The whole "fusion" idea is getting played out but I believe Bachi does it right.. We went around 5 and so the restaurant was empty. Pretty clean & modern looking space with the Food Network playing on their flat screens. We tried the crusty crab burger, kiki burger (mushroom) & added an egg and also the truffle Parmesan fries.. I didn't care much for the crab cake burger but the Kiki was delish!! Good quality beef and I liked the buns they use.. I can't wait to go back and try the oxtail fries and the black & green burger! The manager, Tomoko, came by to make sure everything was amazing and she was so sweet~ Tip: Sadly, they no longer carry the delicious looking lobster roll ;(((
2	I have been here twice and while the food is top notch the service was fair the first time and poor this visit. No one greeted us when we walked in and we waited 5 minutes before being seated. My Dad asked one of the servers for extra spicy mayo and he went on and on how they had to charge us extra. No big deal just bring it. I felt like it was a chore for them to bring us extra napkins and refills on the coffee. I will not go back to this location. The original location will get our business even though it is farther away.
5	Start off with oxtail chili cheese fries run move into the kiki's burger... By then no room for dessert! So amazing
4	Bachi Burger has delicious burgers and the taro milk tea is amazing.
5	The best burger I have ever had. The Shogun burger made with Wagyu beef and unagi was unreal.  Additionally, the  toasted marshmallow and salted carmel milkshake topped the meal off right!!
5	I had the most delicious burger ever! I also ordered the truffle fries, which were amazing! The sauce they served with the fries was also very good! Definitely come here!! There was great service and wonderful food!
4	The pork bally buns is so good that I can never have enough and the sauce tastes so good I think is more than barbecue sauce or seafood sauce but it is really good! The burger it is okay i order the Robin burger, But it's not as good as I thought maybe I didn't order the right one ;( Anyway I am going to try the baby back red and the lobsters Sandwiches next time! Over all this is a really good place But wish they got more dessert option....
1	Don't bother.... Heard good things about the burgers and sides and decided to go out for dinner with friends and their 4 year old. We were seated right away and brought water by the server who said he would be taking care of us and promptly walked away without missing a beat. A few minutes later he comes back to get our beverage order- we attempted to order for the kiddo, but he already walked away again... The sodas come and we order a beer and again try to order for the kiddo and same as before- gone within a blink of the eye.... About 7 minutes go by- no beer, no server and a handful of other patrons looking around to see if anyone was coming back to perhaps take a dinner order for anyone. Please keep in mind this is a Wednesday evening around 545 and there were only 6 tables in the place total. I can't comment on the actual food, but I do know if you can't even get an order in, it's probably not worth waiting around to see.
2	I have to say I was flat out disappointed. I figured with the stellar reviews and amazing pictures of giant burgers and such that this was going to be a great meal. Well, seems I was wrong..  My girl and I decided that we were not that hungry, so we ordered a burger and a Dao (I think this is what they called it) sandwich to split. The Angus burger, the duck sandwich, calamari, and sangria. Only thing that I was actually impressed with was the Sangria. It rocked! It is a little pricey, a craft was $26, but was really good. So that was the highlight. Calamari was over cooked so it was like having gunny bears. The Angus burger was basted with a sweet sauce that wast my style at all. Almost like a white people BBQ sauce, you could taste the brown sugar. Now the mini duck sandwiches have potential. However, again it was so white it just wasn't right. Some spice would be nice! Flavor was okay but it was pretty blah and I would need $100 worth of them for a real meal. So, I guess I am headed back to Chinatown to savor some flavors.
3	Finally got to try this place! Went last night around 7:30 with a party of 8 for a family dinner. The wait wasn't too bad but it did take about 30 minutes to seat us even with seeing quite a few cleared tables.First things first, the table they sat us at was broken. One of the feet were missing or broken basically making the table a seesaw. Luckily they had some Vegas Weekly magazines up front I was able to slide under the leg to get it even, though my wife gave me a hard time about that! :POk, on to the food (well appetizers first). Since we had a decent sized party we tried a couple different things. The stir fried edamame were great and cooked just right. And since everyone raves about the pork belly, that was definitely a must try. Those things are spectacular, the pork is super tender and the steamed buns are amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce, it's a little too sweet for me but still great flavor. We also got a couple different types of fries that I didn't care for much. The salt and pepper fries along with the truffle fries were just ok. Definitely not staple items off their menu. I will say though that the dipping sauces they give with them are awesome. Another thing I want to mention, even though aren't really an appetizer are the milkshakes...you can't leave without trying one. We tried the mocha nut fudge and salted caramel, just altogether awesome milkshakes!As far as the "main" items go, there were a few things I did and didn't like. I've never tried wagyu beef so I substituted it into my Kiki burger and it is delicious! Not everyone at my table agreed with me but there's definitely a flavor difference and it's unbelievably juicy. They also use some great toppings and everything just tasted really fresh. I also can't say enough about their buns, super soft and really tasty. One of the main gripes I had about this place was their burger cooking temperatures. I love some pink in my burger but my wife doesn't and I'm used to seeing "medium" with some pink in it...not at Bachi. Their medium is extremely pink and in my opinion, was a lot closer to a medium rare. If you aren't a fan of pink in your burger, make sure you order your burger medium well at least. Even though pretty much everything was good, they are a little pricey.  For 7 adults and 1 kid, our bill was $210 and some change, before tip. They have decent service but it slowed down quite a bit by time we sat down at 8 and the food took a while to come out. I have a feeling that now knowing a bit more about Bachi, I could probably easily bump this up to 4 stars next time I eat there since I'll definitely be coming back.
5	Just when I thought that fusion food was nothing more than sad attempts to gimmick people into eating their food and was going to give up on the trend completely, Bachi Burger came along and completely changed my mind. This place does fusion right by taking it seriously and putting tons of detail into everything on their menu. The ingredients are fresh and diverse. All the items on the menu have a unique taste which makes you want to try everything on the menu at least once. If you are not a burger person that is fine, they have great non-beef options like the crusty-crab burger and the salmon burger. Both are great and possibly healthier alternatives to the normal beef burger. Also the Pork Belly Buns are freaking amazing and really make you doubt getting a burger when you could have those. All the burgers I have tried are great especially the special ones that are not included on the menu. If you go and it is your first time you have to order the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. They could just serve those and I would keep going back for more.They also serve craft beers which gives them an automatic bump in the ratings. :)
5	Oh - my - bachi - goodness. I got recommended to try Bachi Burger out after a nice dinner at Raku from the table who was sitting next to me... boy oh boy was that a good decision. I can't even eat a burger without thinking of Bachi Burger. The thing that separates BB from other burger places (and there are a lot of them) is their bun. The sweet (asian-y?) bun melts in your mouth and soaks in the deliciousness of the meat and sauces. Not only does it taste great, it's addictive. We also tried their famous chilli fries - the one that Guy tried - and I found them pretty OK. They use thin cut fries, which I personally like better than the chunky fries, but then again that's just preference. My favorite burger was the Kiki since the sauce they put in it was killer, in a good way of course. I'd say skip the milkshake - not too good. Just try everything out, it's great!Obviously people know about this place since it gets super busy so be sure to get there early!
3	It was okay. Too sweet of a burger for me, with the sauce overwhelming everything.  But it was cool how it taste like a vietnamese sandwich.
5	Dear Bachi Burger,I cannot wait to go back to Las Vegas just to have your savory burgers in my mouth.  I would love to try your Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, Banh Mi Burger, Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Spicy Miso Burger, and The Crusty Crab.  So basically the entire menu....I wasn't able to experience the feel of the restaurant since I was sitting in the hotel room aching with tremendous pain, but luckily my best friend (Erica) and her boyfriend (Son) brought back the Pork Belly Steamed Buns as well as the Kalbi Burger.  That initial bite into the Kalbi Burger helped temporarily alleviate the sharp feeling in my leg.  And let me tell you, nothing could really get my mind off of it, so that means a lot.  What I loved about this burger was that it came with a side of Korean-styled, spicy red-pepper cucumbers also known as oh ee ji (Korean) or liang ban huang gua (Chinese) which is my absolute favorite Korean side dish of all time.  Their menu has Bachi Pickles but I'm unaware if they are referring to the cucumbers as described above. On the inside, the Kalbi Burger is light pink with juices oozing after each bite.  It has a thin crispy, brown layer from the sweet kalbi marinade and has kimchi, ko chu jang mayo, and green onions for added flavor.  Wasn't able to get a snapshot of the burger since it disappeared before I could get my camera.  Yeah, it was that good.  Love Korean food?  You'll love the Kalbi Burger.Bachi Burgers' Pork Belly Steamed Buns were equally delicious!  These Vietnamese-inspired pork buns consisted of pork belly, hoisin, scallions, cilantro, Chinese black vinaigrette, and a boiled egg (which was excluded in our order).  I just remember the pork fat melting while the soft puffiness of the buns filled my mouth with the saltiness of the hoisin and the distinct taste of cilantro.  Bachi Burger is known for their creative Asian fusion burgers, but this wasn't necessarily the first time I've had something like the Pork Belly Steamed Buns.  Can't remember where else I've had this dish, but its still a must-have especially if you would like order it as an appetizer and share with other people since they are bite-sized and comes in an order of three.Thank you to both Son and Erica for introducing me to Bachi Burger, my new favorite, creative burger joint of all time.Lina Chen
5	I've wanted to try Bachi Burger for the longest time - and I'm glad that I finally got to.I could never convince my parents to go with me because mom doesn't like burgers and stepdad isn't too big on Asian twists, so that wasn't agreeable for them, really. So, I took my boyfriend two nights ago, and we had a wonderful experience.I think we'd arrived at the time of their usual dinner rush because there were six other couples waiting to be seated along with us. But, it didn't take too long before we were brought to our table and attended to. The server we had was very attentive, and was always there to get things to our table and reassured us throughout the night that our order would be out.At first glance when looking at the menu, the boyfriend and I were honestly pretty suspicious about burgers in the $7-10 range, considering we're very stingy people who aim for what we feel is a fair price. All he could say was, "This better be worth it." And that it was. That it was.I've always heard that Bachi is great for the Asian fusion. That's why I've wanted to come here for a while. I love burgers, but something different for a change has been on my mind for a while. And they really did it right.Boyfriend got the Peanut Butter Milkshake to start, and it was heavenly. Do try it if you're craving for something sweet, especially if you're willing to spend the extra $5. It's worth it. He also got the Banh Mi Burger, which he says had lemongrass, pickled veggies, shrimp, pate, pork, etc. There was also a sauce that came with it that he enjoyed.We both shared Just Fries to play it safe, which were thin, much like shoestring, but I liked it. I was curious enough to try the Ronin Burger, which has onions, japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, katsu bbq, among other things I missed, plus some interesting sauce on the side. Personally, I liked it the way it was without it.Overall reaction? Dinner was a-ma-zing. I'm giving it five stars for outstanding quality, plus the fact that the burgers were great and were at a pretty good size for $9.50 (Banh-Mi) and $10 (Ronin). I'm very much able to overlook the fact that the kitchen was backed up when we were there and that we spent about 20-30 minutes of our time waiting. Those are things I can hardly blame anyway. Plus, the burgers really lived it up for me, and I'm itching to come back soon. I mean, come on? $30 total for the both of us for dinner? That's not bad at all.Next time, I'd love to try the Kiki and the Kalbi. =) And, I'm not a spicy food person but plenty of my friends have raved over the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, so I'll suck it up one of these days and give it a shot. Apparently, it's to die for, and I'm curious enough to try it.Oh man, now I'm hungry for some Bachi.
5	The epitome of the five star non-fine dining experience. Incredible flavors plus fresh ingredients and excellent execution gets the five star nod. Great complementary flavors on the Ronin Burger. Oxtail chili cheese fries, derided by some as sweet, are in fact flavorful. A bit heavy but you know what?  In this case you can't spell heavenly without "heavy".
5	Ate for the first time today at Bachi Burger ,excellent burger and saw Carlos Santana there as well Bonus
1	Just ate a Bacchi Burger and would never go back.  I am not a huge burger fan so I ordered the crab which was so fishy with more filler than crab.  My friend ordered the Kiki burger which was delicious.  I asked to order something else and by the time I received it, was not that hungry so got it to go.  When we were presented with the check our bill for 2 burgers/ fries was 56.00!!!  I noticed they didn't take the crab off and when questioned was told that the chef tasted it and thought it was fine and that was their policy not to credit any food item just because you didn't like it.  I told the manager she should have told me before she reordered another item for me and if I have to pay for it I wanted to take it home, of course it was thrown out.  She then proceeded to lecture me about their food policy.  It seems to me when you are charging extra for an additional tablespoon of sauce and burgers and fries are 50.00 for 2 people you should get what you want without being lectured from the manager!!!  The burgers were ok but not worth the hassle and price.  Islands Burgers just as good, less expensive, and better customer service.  If the manager would  have stopped at crediting the crab cake; I would not be writing this.... Is a 13.00 burger worth this??
1	Please Don't eat the chicken ginger appetizer it is poisoned our family for four days vomiting and diarrhea nonstop. we went to eat on last sunday with our family and order ginger fry chicken we ate all the chicken and order fry adamame plate too. it was half cooked. burgers are too sweet and they are OK. we never go back to eat and please dont order that chicken appetizer ever!!!
3	Short, sweet and to the point. That'll be my review (at least, I'll try). Not the actual experience.Let's get the inevitable bad part out of the way now. Service:Overall, not very good at all. I won't blame the wait staff, but will wholeheartedly blame the management. Obviously properly scheduling staff is not a required skill when applying for a managerial position there and that lack of restaurant 101 expertise results in a devastating cascading effect on quality of service.Too few waiters = lots of empty tables = long wait before getting seated = very long time before server acknowledge you = past the point of dehydration before any water on table = alcohol withdrawals symptoms creep up before getting chance to order any drinks = you have whole menu memorized by heart before server finally take your order = hunger pain substitute for the tremors caused by the earlier lack of alcoholic content in our bloodstream = you sob with joy when your much anticipated meal is being displayed before your teary eyes.There was very little happiness and smiles, just busy waiter bees trying to catch up, no team effort. It all comes back to bad training and no business culture.Food:I have to be fair and can't really complain about my own stupidity defying common sense of food pairing. So, I'll refrain from any negativity until I try again in the future.See, what I did, was a giant "fusion-nouvelle-burger cuisine" faux pas. I dared to customize my options with elements that probably did not compliment each other and  it took away the taste of the meat. Next time, I will order without customization and render a proper food review.3 last important notes:1) Do not order the Kobe option if you plan to have various condiments, sauce, etc. Kobe beef burgers are meant for burger purists and cooked rare to medium rare and not meant to be overwhelmed by options. You'd waste your hard earned money as chances are that condiments and toppings would overpower the beef's taste.2) Fries are good and options are tempting, but in most cases the toppings are also too sparse to make a huge difference. Maybe ask for extra to make a difference.3) Website: Don't bother, It doesn't work very well and is the least informative. You can't see the menu because Mr. Webmaster decided to be creative with flash, yet failed to deliver basic needs for information.Sorry for breaking my promise to make a short, sweet and to the point review.
5	A friend of mine kept telling me I had to try this place... And boy am I glad I did! It is delicious!! Great service and a lot of selections on the menu. I will definitely be going back to try it again. I may have found my new go-to spot for a quick bite that isn't fast food. Bravo!
5	I don't rate 5's at all but this time I had to.The atmosphere here was very cool.  Contemporary music playing at the right levels, fast friendly service.The water is pure water.  I did not detect any chlorine in the water or the ice cubes.  Huge plus in my book.  The iced tea was fresh black tea and the best I've tasted anywhere.  Other tea flavors were available but I'm a black tea lover.I got the Spicy Miso burger which was confirmed by Bobby, our server, as a good choice.  The fries were skinny fries and were crunchy with a hot soft center.  Very flavorful with a hint of lime.The burger was beyond good.  I've never had a burger this good and 5 Guys Burgers and Fries used to be my number one burger.
4	My brother in law took us there for the first time in November! I always wanted to try this place since I saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives! I didn't get to try their famous chili cheese fries, however their burgers are huge and was heaven!  We been back once since then but I still have to go back to try their fries! One of my top burger places!
5	I'm so glad I don't have to make that drive down to windmill for a delicious Bachi Burger, meat so tender that it melts right in your mouth.  This spot here on Sahara and Ft Apache is a bit bigger with a less waiting period. Actually, I don't ever recall having to wait at all at this location.Tonight I met up and made great new friends from the yelp community. Terri, Chad and Mel. Terri looks like she's pimpin' Asian males around her haha. But on to the good stuff. Tonight's choice of burger was the spicy miso burger but this time with a change to the beef. Instead of the angus beef it usually comes with, I took our server's recommendation to try it with the wagyu beef and wow was she right. This beef is so much more tender and juicy, especially when done medium rare. It literally did melt in my mouth, had me drooling like Homer Simpson. It also came with all the goodies I like from the spicy miso burger (Onions, Shishito Pepper Mayo, Lettuce , Roasted Garlic, Cheese, Fried Egg, Apple Vinaigrette). All the burgers I order from here are ones with fried eggs in them. I just love the taste of yolk melting over the beef. It's a must that you also try their oxtail or garlic fries. Simply irresistible taste. Unfortunately I didn't get any tonight because I was still planning on going for a run and didn't want to get too full.  I can't remember the names but plenty of good beer to try out here as well. This place is a must to those who have not been here yet. Sucks to be a vegetarian!
5	Hey Yelpers...I did it. I finally had a burger from Bachi.  A bunch of you guys have given me a hard time about this (Terri and Gigi to name a few).  I've been to both Bachi's out here a combined 15+ times and have never had their burgers.  To me, it's all about the Bachi Fish baby.  Because I was giving up red meat for the next 6 weeks, it was perfect to attend Terri R's Fat Tuesday UYE at Bachi.  A few other Elite Yelpers were in attendance along with new Yelpers that are elite in life. Everyone ordered a burger and when it came to me, I was so close to getting their Alaskan Cod Sandwich.  But because it's Bachi and I won't taste red meat for awhile, I got their Black and Green Burger which is their Wagyu with mushrooms, spinach, garlic, and blue cheese.  The burger itself was good and I have no regrets.  However, I thought that the blue cheese was way overpowering.  If I could rename this burger, it be the Black and Blue Burger.  Overall, I had an great meal and excellent time meeting some new Yelpers.  Bachi UYE Roll Call (Message from Mel C):Nelson S:  Nice to meet you, let's go on a hike.  Remember this week's 5K is a walking event, not a running event. Chad S:  Everyone was right.  You're too cool and glad I've finally met you. See you at your UYE later this week.  Susan K and Noah R:  Again, congratulations on your engagement.  Some of the best peeps you can ever meet. Yes, I know this just from one night. Francisco A (aka Cisco):  Another great elite to meet.  Another rhyme every time. He's the check in king that has the ability to check in from anywhere.  All you Dukes and Duchesses watch out.  He's a check in eater.  Watch out boy, watch out boy. Terri R:  Thanks for putting this together.  Meeting your friends was definitely the highlight of the evening.  Another good meal with a great friend.  Bookmark checked!!!Peace out and stay thirsty my friends.
5	this place is delicious and the staff is great! the ox tail chili cheese fries were delicious. i didn't think i would like it that much but i couldn't stop eating it! i also tried a kiki burger which was juicy and flavorful. i had a bite of my friends pork belly buns and they were great also. it was full of flavor. so far, everything i've tried has been delicious and i will definitely be back to try more!
5	Bachi Burger is the place my boyfriend took me to celebrate our Valentine's day dinner! It was Amazing good in every way possible! The place was packed with other couples in love this special night of course and we only waited 15 minutes to be seated which was good considering the crowd!My boyfriend and I started off with the Oxtail chili cheese fries, mmmmm soooo delicious and flavorful we really enjoyed sharing this large dish as an appetizer! I was doing a lot of moaning while we devoured this delicious and massive dish!I opted for the bahn mi burger which was very tasty and juicy with all of the right ingredients. I had an order of the plantation sweet tea which was delicious and refreshing!My sweetheart got the Wagyu spicy miso burger and he really loved the great quality meat and sensational flavor of the burger! He also enjoyed his giant glass of root beer in which he had many refills! We enjoyed our romantic and fun dinner out on Valentine's day then off to the movies!
1	I heard great things about this place. So when i came to visit a friend out in vegas i tild him that we should try it.  We go there @730 on sat and its not that busy, the hostess tells us @30 min wait could be sooner.  We are waiting for @45mins, watching about 15-20 people finish there meal and leave.  We try to find the hostess to ask whats up and she says the kitchen cant handle the orders and have asked that noone be seated at this time and that it would be @another 20-30 mins, and that even the people that are seated have been waiting over an hour for their food-unreal.  The place is very small, holds @40 people, and the tables were only @ 60%full and they could not handle that capacity??????   I could understand if they just opened, but they have been around for a while.   What sh!tty management.   Food might be great (would know cuz i didnt want to wait who know how long) but they need to find a person who knows how to manage the kitchen!
1	Never made it to a table,  was told there was a 15-20 minute wait though the place was more than half empty "the kitchen is backed up". So after waiting about 10 minutes in the cramped front section that was full of waiting customers I got up and grabbed a menu from a stack so that we could see the menu options and save time when we got to the table as we were starving, the menus were sitting on a front counter unnatended, before I could even turn around one of the employees comes up behind me and in a stern voice exclaimed "what are you doing?!" I gave the kid a cold look,  obviously I wasn't amused, one of the other waiting customers said wow as this happened.  I put the menu down and we left.  We may try this place in the future, but with the current economy, and businesses closing their doors everyday, you would think businesses and workers would show a little more care and appreciation for the people who choose their establishment over the countless other options out there.
2	Get it together Bachi Burger! The customer service is horrible!! The hostess was nice but we waited forever for our food! We ordered a salad, burger and fries. We thought the salad would come out first  like normal places but we were told that it all comes out together. This is our waitress telling us like we are stupid and should know that! Don't come to this location! Food is good but our wait and service killed our experience!
5	Wow!  Absolutely love their burger and fries.  Fresh and tasty.  This is now one of my favorite places.  Absolutely recommended.  Mahalo!
4	I'm not a big burger fan. Don't get me wrong this place is really good! But there are other places with better burgers and fries. Let me start off with what I didn't like. The fried chicken and calamari. I've only been here twice but every time I have had it. It is not crispy at all. Calamari is very small and just not good. I'm a huge fan of it so I try it everywhere. Other than those things. This place is good if you want a twist on the original burger. Little pricey if you ask me. Fries don't even come with the meal. Service is good and I would come back. Good but not great!
1	We've heard good things about this place, so we were really excited to try it. Sadly, we didn't get the chance due to crappy service when we walked in the door. There were several empty tables, but we were told there was a short wait. That wasn't a biggie, so we sat in the waiting area & perused the menu. Lots of parties finished their meals & left. About 20 mins went by & we noticed that no tables had been cleared & no one waiting had been seated. Another customer asked the hostess if they were saving tables for a large party or something & she said "no, we're just backed up". 20 more mins went by & more tables became available- still they were not cleared & no one was seated. The hostess was rolling silverware & doing other side work instead of trying her best to get people seated. After 45 mins of waiting, we counted 12 empty tables & only one other party had been seated. Having worked in restaurants in the past, it is unacceptable to me to have a hostess doing side work when there are seating issues. It should not take more than 10 mins to get empty tables cleared & people seated, especially a party of 2 like us. If you are short staffed, the hostess can help bus tables to get your wait times down. I can't review the food or waitstaff service because we decided to leave after waiting for nearly an hour & still not being seated. I'm loathe to give this place another shot after this experience.
5	The best burgers we ever had! Service was outstanding. We will be back for sure.
4	I really liked this place. I had the green and blue burger and it was amazing! The bun is delicous. Also loved the salt and pepper fries. Will be going back again for sure!
4	We saw this place on Diners Drive ins & Dives, with Guy Fieri. We were not disappointed!! My husband loved the Ronin burger, I had the Kiki. Both were truly delicious! But my ultimate fave had to be the Oxtail Fries, my mouth still waters when I think about it. We also enjoyed the Truffle Oil Parmesan fries and the Sweet Potato Fries. Portions were generous and staff were great. What more could you ask for? Highly recommend going. Gave 4 stars for the wait and small venue.
5	this place was recommended to me a few different times and i finally was able to try it out and it is amazing! i had the kalbi burger and it was one of the best tasting things i've ever had!
2	My husband and I wanted to try something new for date night and I've known about Bachi Burger for years through Yelp as "one of the best burgers in Las Vegas" as well as all of my friends constantly obsessing over it. We got here on a Friday night with a 25 minute wait which wasn't a big deal because we just walked over to Patty's closet to kill time. My in-laws said we have to try the salty caramel toasted marshmallow milkshake and we did. I'd say this was the best item of the night! It was a bit overly sweet, but still so addicting. We then ordered the oxtail chilli cheese fries as our appetizer to share. Upon first bite, I told my husband it was cold. I don't know if they made the fries and chilli and were just waiting for the fried egg to be put on top, but the food was definitely lukewarm by the time it was brought out to us and I like my food super hot, like it was made fresh. There wasn't much oxtail that I could taste and the warmth issue was very off putting. Lastly, we settled for the Miyagi San burger and Ronin burger. I LOVE fusion food, but I was not impressed by the flavors of the Ronin. Something was just missing to make it amazing. I did appreciate the crunch of the coleslaw and the caramelized onions, but all the other flavors cancelled out the taste of the fried egg. My husband's Miyagi burger was much better, but we asked for it medium and it was WELL done. There was no pink or anything, but the taste of the fried egg was amazing and the onion strips were crispy and fried to perfection. Overall, I would say that Holsteins has better burgers for this price range, and to not believe the DDD and Yelp hype. Come try it for yourself, but I don't think I'll be back.
5	My cousins & I were visiting Vegas over the weekend & we decided to try this place because that episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives was just haunting us. That goofy, blond guy made all the food seem so good, like best shit you will ever put in your mouth good. So I had high expectations.We got two orders of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries to share among the 7 of us & also an order of the Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns as appetizers. We then ordered our burgers and I am glad that I got to taste not just one burger, but three.Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries ($11.50) - I have an obsession with fries that is pretty unhealthy. But I would not mind clogging my arteries with these fries all day, every day. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about them. The oxtail meat was tender as can be and the chili had a little kick to it which I loved. My cousins and I devoured both orders in seconds. THEY WERE THAT GOOD. Shut up and take my money good.Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns ($12.50) - It comes with only 3 steamed buns, so my cousins & I just cut them in half. I kinda shoved my half in my mouth so fast that I didn't savor it to the point where I remembered it. I pretty much inhaled it. I remember that it was good though & that I forgot to dip it in the sauce.ANYWAYS. Onto the good part...Miyagi Burger ($13) - Ooooh, this burger was good. I only got it because when am I ever going to eat a waygu burger again? Probably never! The patty was medium rare and tender and oh so juicy. The fried egg dripping onto my plate & all over my burger adding an element of flavor and richness to it was the best thing ever. The onion rings were crispy and good. Is your mouth watering yet? Because mine is.Kiki's Burger ($10) - My cousin ordered this & blessed me with a bite of it. It came with a garlic chili aioli that when spread on the burger before you bit into it tied everything together. The meat was cooked perfectly & was absolutely delicious.Mr. Ho's Burger ($9.50) - This burger got passed my way so I took a bite. I don't know what the fuck was in it. But it was soooo good. I remember the burger being juicy and sweet.Overall, the food met my expectations & the service was great. I will be back soon, Vegas, for those Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. I wants them in my belly. Ugh so good.
5	OMG.... these burgers are awesome! Juicy, beautiful, goodness, presented picture perfect and seasoned with flare. Our party has several different burgers and all were delicious and done as requested. The fries were great and ample enough to share. Service was great... our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable when we couldn't decide which burger to order! Top it off with the salty caramel marshmallow shake for dessert... to die for! Really... just when you thought they couldn't do anything different with a shake. Kinda like a sundae in a glass, but with the subtle nuance of sweet and salty and an awesome homemade marshmallow.Be prepared to wait... always a line!
4	These burgers are so delicious.  I love the oxtail fries, too.  I've been here a few times and the service is very friendly.  I would give this five stars but I think it is a bit overpriced.  The burgers are a la carte and start at around $10.  Add fries and you pay another $3 or $4.  Still, this is a great restaurant for a date night before or after seeing a movie.
3	2.5 starsI saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and I immediatey put it on my list of places to try. I go to Vegas often for work, so I siezed the opportunity next chance I had. Unfortunately, like most things on those Food Network shows, it was very over hyped. Nothing was memorable. The crazy chilli fries were okay. The burger was okay.Nothing special.
4	I loved the Burgers here.  Fries and onion rings are great too.
3	I got the oxtail chili fries which gave you a really good portion, however i found it to be rather heavy on the salt. another person at my table also commented at how salty his burger was as well.i think this is an okay place, but if i were going to las vegas to grub, i wouldn't come back here again just because there are more unique/better places to check out! but if ya really wanna try another korean fusion restaurant, then i guess you've come to the right place even though i really do not believe in korean fusion ANYTHING. This place does a meh job of it.
5	OMG- the Ban-ming burger is to die for!!
3	The burgers are pretty good, if kind of overpriced.  But that's not why I'm here.Normally I don't do this, but I had to deduct a star for their awful website.  Loud, obnoxious music coupled with every link being broken.  Every one.  Want to see the menu? Continue listening to the obnoxious music (no off button either!) while the site spins and spins and does nothing.None of the other links work either. It either immediately goes to an error page or, while you continue to listen to their obnoxious music, just keeps trying to load without doing anything.A page full of just text would be better.  Plain, black text on a white background. Here are our hours.  Here is our menu. Thanks.How can you have a bunch of restaurants with more coming and not notice these things.  It's been like this forever.
4	Wow what a place! I will say off the bat I almost didnt come here because the company website SUCKS!I. it never works the links are bad.I dont eat red meat and I was afraid based on what I saw of the website I couldnt find anything on any other offerings, but when we got there I was happy to see an expansive menu to accomodate every oneBUT, back to the food... It's a tradition of ours to try calamari ( 9.50) anywhere we go and I will say it was good, a little oily for my taste but otherwise cooked beautifully and included tentacle pieces which is a must so points for including ! The burgers were beautiful and deliciously juicy everyone at the table was giddy at their yummy juicy burgers I had high hopes for the truffle parmesean fries and I was so disapointed they were underseasoned and eventhough they had a bunch of stuff on them it was just a flat flavor profile. A suggestion if you get any of their speciality burgers don't add or take away anything including any sauces that come with and I say that because each burger are handcrafted and intended to have all the flavor components work together and if you don't you will miss out, so live outside the bun you won't be disappointed. The staff were impeccable, they were attentive without being annoying and answered any questions we had since this was our first trip. We will be back
1	Awful service. Waited way too long to sit down. (there was very few tables occupied). After 25 minutes for them to put sliverware on a table we ordered the "pickles" appetiser,  not a good choice. Not sure what is was supposed to be. But it wasn't good.  The friesthat  came out cold  - on both of our orders. And then when my caesars salad came out with chicken - I ordered it with a crab cake - I wanted to rage, but, instead I just asked for them very politely, to make me a new one? Instead of picking the chicken out - She goes, "Oh, I can take the chicken out."  I said NO I have a reaction to chicken. Please make me a new one she said Okay, I will take the chicken out.. I was like, HUh? No please do not do that..... WEll, I inspected the salad when it came back and was hopeful I had a new one. But, half way down the bowl I ate and Uh-oh, what did I see but chicken chunks.... I almost blew chunks rite then and there!! After asking for the Mgr -20 minutes for the manager to come over. 25 more minutes after I told her what happend. I was having a panic attack. My stomach was doing flips. I didn't know how much I ate or what "juice" of chicken I had. When I asked for the Manager again - seriously, yes, again... (what was she doing, hiding from me?) she came out with the chef. At this point I was gagging and had to leave. I didn't want to listen to the excuses of why  - - just get me out of here. Oh, yeah, and thanks so much for the phone call to see if I was okay??? You people have no clue how to cook, run an eating establishment or give any and I mean ANY type of service. This fly by night opperation should be shut down. It was awful and not just a fluke how they didn't handle this whole ordeal. WHO PICKS OUT CHICKEN AFTER SOMEONE TELLS YOU THEY HAVE A REACTION TO IT?? ARE YOU JUST OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL ELECTIVE COOKING CLASS 1O1 ? No, I am sure they would've taught you guys to re-make it espcially when I had to ask - And still, you didn't. Clearly, you can't get a salad right. Or fries. So, people beware! They are fakes. Real chefs don't do this. Either do real kitchens. And real wait staff would never take shortcuts like this gambling with peoples health.
3	Saw it on food network and had to try this place. Had the banh mi burger a couple of weeks ago. Everything was good but the bun was really soggy.
5	I've taken quite a few pictures at Bachi Burger with the intent of eventually posting a review.  Although I still don't have the time to post a "proper review", here's something for ya...Bachi Burger is pretty awesome...The food here is top notch..the service has always been great for me when I've visited this location.  Personally, I'd order ANY of the burgers and an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  You really can't go wrong...While not a huge fan of the truffle fries, the sweet potato fries hit the spot.It's just one of those places where everything you order is good...  So hard to find now-a-days.
1	Awwwwwfuuulllllyy sloooooow service!!!We arrived today (on a Sunday) and were greeted by a very minimal ambience. The restaurant was nearly empty and we were told there was a 15-20minute wait...hmmm. We decided to wait because we didn't believe it would be a 15-20 minute wait..we were wrong! We waited 20 minutes to be seated at a table that was opened the whole time we were there!!!!!! I ordered the custom made BBQ burger. I added Shishito peppers, avocado, and point Reyes blue cheese.  Our waitress wanted to up sale us on everything! It was soo annoying!  Fries are extra which made me upset because I love fries with my burger...i got them anyways.  My brother ordered the onion rings. They were good I liked the Asian flare to them but the taste reminded me too much of Funyuns.  45 minutes after ordering, our burgers finally arrived. They were not worth the 45 minute wait! Everyone at our table ordered our meat to be medium well and 3 out of the 4 burgers were rare!!!! I couldn't even eat mine because it was sooo chewy, gross. The fries were not worth the extra $3.50.  I was disappointed how expensive everything was. And how additional toppings, fries, and so on are extra. And the slow service was insane!!! We had to give our card to another waitress because ours was off in her own world.  I can't say I will be back...ever.  There's too many affordable, better quality and places with way better service out there.
3	We went here last Saturday night around 7ish and were met with a 30 minute wait. Not a problem, as it appears this is a pretty popular place. Once we were seated and our orders were taken(Kiko(or whatever the one with mushrooms was called) burger with the garlicky pepper fries(again, I forget the real name) for me, kids bachi for the little one, Caesar salad with burger patty for the wife, oxtail chili cheese fries for dad, and whatever mom got), the wait began. After a while(and several others who were seated after us getting their food as we sat hungrily) the server informs us that there was some mix up with the chef, and that he was bringing a free appetizer to apologize. I like the way they handled it, and we especially liked the chili fried chicken they gave us, so I'm not going to tear this place apart in this review. Once the food did come, it looked good and the portions were not bad. The food itself was OK. None of us were wowed(I was actually happy he missed that I'd ordered fries after tasting my mom's, which were the same I ordered), but it wasn't nasty. I guess it was slightly disappointing given the hype(DD&D) and wait(which we somewhat enjoyed in the old school candy and soda store a couple doors over. I do recommend going in here), as it isn't somewhere I will likely return to. The wife didn't particularly care for here either, and dad thought it was just OK. For all the L.A. peeps reading this, I consider it of the same genre(and price range) as Fukuburger(feel free to read my review of that joint), but I think Fukuburger taste a lot better. For everyone else, feel free to try for yourself and see what you think. I will neither recommend nor not recommend this place, so you're on your own.
4	My boyfriend and I have heard a lot of people talk about Bachi Burger. We are always looking for a new place to try out. I guess you can say that finding new places to eat is our common interest. Bachi Burger is a burger restaurant with an Asian fusion taste. They offer all the milk shakes burgers (of course) sandwiches and also salads all with an Asian spin to it. Once I found out about this place I had to find out a little more. I went onto their website and I must say that it was horrible. I don't know if their web designer decided to stop working on it or maybe they don't know about this issue. The web page does nothing but play music. You are unable to enter anything on their web page. I wasn't able to look at their menu, but we still decided to try it out.  Once we got to the restaurant (Sahara location) there hostess was a young lady who seemed to enjoy her job. She sat us down right away; a man gave us a glass of water but didn't say much, which made it a little weird. Finally after waiting, which wasn't very long by the way, our waiter came to get our drink order. She was very friendly but never introduced herself, which to me I like to know who I'm speaking too. Everything was great food was amazing and the meat was cooked just who we order it, a lot of places don't cook the burger just right. Our waiter came around and checked on us, and always kept our drinks full. When we got our check, we were never told that the lemonade that my boyfriend orders was not free refills, or else when she came around to refill we would have thought twice about or intake on the beverages.  We got charged for 2 lemonades at $4.50 each almost $10 for lemonade that's a little crazy if you ask me. Over all everything was great. I would recommend this place to all my friends and family, they have a great staff that is friendly and honestly one of the best burgers I have had. Just make sure that you see if your drinks are free refills or not, most other places let you know if there is a charge for another drink.
4	If you want a huge party in your mouth - Bachi Burger is the place to be.  There is absolutely nothing bland about their burgers. Simple it is not. I am embarrassed to admit it but I actually first tried Bachi the day after seeing an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  And I am even more embarrassed to admit that my husband and I ordered everything that Guy ordered and even we found it to be "burger bomb.com". We started with the pork belly sliders and loved it.  The steamed bun was nice and fluffy.  The pork belly was more pork fat than meat, but that is what makes it so delicious (and dangerous).  The oxtail chili cheese fries are also good and I am glad we tried it our first time.  I wish there was a half order because it is a huge portion. It is meant to feed a family. Regardless, we prefer the truffle parmesan fries and it is a much more reasonable sized serving.  I am not a fan of the sun dried tomato aioli that accompanies it, but at least the fries are flavorful enough that they do not even need the dipping sauce.  The Banh-Mi burger is the very first one we tried and it was filled with tons of flavor.  I love the hint of lemongrass and ginger.  The curry aioli puts this burger over the top.  We have also tried the Kiki's burger, Miyagi San's grass fed Waygu burger, and the Ronin burger over our multiple visits and they have all been quite delicious.  My favorite, however, is still the Banh-Mi.  My only complaint is that whenever we ask for "medium", it always comes out well done.  My kids also enjoy the kids menu of a grilled cheese or bachi burger, with fries and fruits and veggies.  Everything is delicious.  The menu is creative.  There are also tons of boba milk teas and milkshakes if you still have room in your belly.  I love the decor- it is so modern and sleek.  The service has always been fantastic.  I have never had to wait for a table for lunch, but on fridays and weekend dinners- definitely expect to wait.
5	Best burger place ever, even for the not-burger-fan! their burger rocks BIGTIME! my 3 faves.....fish bachi, miyagi, and mr.HO. Just a quite a bit of wait for your food but totally worth it. So don't go there when you're hungry-hungry, maybe just a little hungry :)
4	Wanted to eat here since I saw it featured on DDD.  My burger was really good.  A bit steep for lunch.  2 burgers, 1 order of fries and 2 soft drinks including tip was $48.  Glad I gave it a try and will go again but a bit expensive for a casual burger.
3	This was my third trip here and it was a bit of a let down after the last two. I met my girlfriend here at 6pm on Sunday night and the place was fairly empty so we were seated quickly. The waitstaff was on top of their game and even as the place filled up the waiters managed to make sure our glasses were full and we had what we needed. As with other trips we ordered the oxtail fries which are one of my favorite things on the planet. This time they were a bit underwhelming but still good. We also ordered the duck steamed buns which were cold when they arrived but still good, particularly the dipping sauce. We split a Kiki burger which was very good but not nearly as good as blue and green. Maybe we were there on an off night but the food was just mediocre and when you are paying $60 for two appetizers, one burger and two domestic beers you expect excellence.
5	Been here 3+ more times...Yup... still amazing!
5	Damm this was a tasty fusion burger!  I was expecting Bachi to be overrated.  I read reviews about how it was over-priced but most of their burgers are $10 and for the quality and unique fusion of all of the fresh asian ingredients, it's great value.I got the Ronin burger which came with caramlized onions, cole slaw, fried egg, a yuzu sauce, and the BUN.  If you're familiar with the buns they use for the chinese bbq (Cha Siu Bao), this is the bun.   Sweet, soft, and heavenly.  Now only if I were 10 years younger and they had these buns Fudrucker's size, I'd be going to town!All the ingredients are in perfect harmony.   In addition I had the parmesean truffle fries and the famous oxtail chili cheese fries.  The chili was no the sweet side - I would prefer some more heat but still very delish.  Be sure to flip the egg to get that runny yolk all up in your fries with the garlic aioli.  If you're looking for a different burger experience and don't wanna shell out $20+ for on the Vegas strip, come check out Bachi!
5	We ordered everything! And it was yummy! Calamari, oxtail fries, duck on steamed buns, 4 different burgers & salted caramel shake. We left satisfied and definitely will be coming back!
5	Definitely a place to stop at when you're in Vegas! Great service and great food. The banh mi burger was amazing! The oxtail chili fries are also really good!
3	Bachi Burger is a nice place to go to if you are a fan of burgers and want to experience a different taste/kind of burgers. They are Asian infused and many of them contain an egg in the burger. Our server was great. She was friendly and very helpful. I ordered the Salty Caramel Marshmallow Fluff milkshake. It was very good-anything salty caramel is good in my book! For an appetizer we ordered the edamame seasoned with something that was on the spicy side-I forget exactly what it was. The flavoring they used was so good! I then ordered the Spicy Miso Burger. It was a good burger but I was a little disappointed because I didn't think it was spicy at all. I think next time I would try a different burger. It was a cool unique place because not everyone has burgers like that. I think if you haven't been here and are a burger fan I would recommend it to you.
3	Great portion size, I took part of it home. The garlic fries were to die for! Just wish the seating were a little more comfortable and encouraged you to hang out.I will go back because I think their prices are set perfectly for the food they offer, my server was attentive and like I said before, I couldn't finish my burger. I got the spicy miso burger, wasn't to spicy but good flavor. I cant wait to try some of the other burgers.
3	service isn't anything to shout about....the oxtail fries were a little disappointing...but the burger was tasty, the bun nice and fluffy but crunchy on the ends w/a nice toast on it.  the ronin burger was a little too sweet, but the miso burger hit the spot.not worth the drive AT ALL.  stay on the strip and get a burger just as good w/o a $50 cab ride.
4	Bachi Burger is pretty damn good. It is hyped up beyond belief, and some of that hype is definitely warranted. I'll get out the few negative things right off the bat. This place doesn't do reservations. There is always a wait because they don't seat you regardless of the vast amount of empty tables in the restaurant. My hunch is that because they take a while to prepare your food, they don't want to seat everyone at once so that it seems like you're waiting forever for your food. So this way you wait forever in the little waiting area up front before waiting a good while for the food once you order. The food is cooked pretty inconsistently. It's a crap shoot whether or not your burger gets under or overcooked. Also, the food is a little on the pricey side, $14 is one of the cheaper options on the menu for what amounts to a cheeseburger with no sides. I really don't mind it, but I can definitely see some people taking issue with that. Now onto the good stuff. The burgers are really damn good here. The buns they put these on are ridiculously good too! I would love to eat everything on those sweet, soft, buns if it were possible. You can tell the ingredients are all quality and you do get a good sized burger. You can easily leave here stuffed. They have tons of unique signature burgers, along with many ways to customize them. They even have options for non beef lovers. I have opted for the Miyagi Son each time. It's a Wagyu burger that has fried egg, crispy onion rings, and a chili mayo and caramelized bacon that I usually opt out of. But if you like those, then definitely leave em on. I also tried a friend's sandwich. It was basically like their BBQ ribs thinly sliced on a bun. But the meat was delicious. We tried their Chili Fried Chicken appetizer, it was also really good. It's basically chili boneless wings. Nothing too spicy, but they had a good flavor nonetheless. Also, the truffle parmesan fries are pretty on point. But do you want to know my favorite thing about Bachi Burger, like the thing that fills my dreams most nights and always put a smile on my face when I think about it???  Well I'll tell you anyway... It's that insaaaane Salted Caramel Toasted Marshmallow Milkshake. That was the most amazing milkshake I have had in my entire milk shake drinking life. Whatever black magic is used to make that thing so incredible, it is well worth the ridiculous amount of calories it most definitely has. Try it and then thank me later. And nothing says thank you quite like a Salted Caramel Toasted Marshmallow Milkshake. ;P
4	The food was really great. I had a few different kinda of fries and had the Ranin burger and KiKi burger. The Kiki burger was is something I would recommend. Although two people were after us and got our food first was only the bad part and it took them a while.
2	I live very near this place and have been curious to try it for sometime now as it always seems busy.Well my curiosity has been satisfied and I'm sure I'll never feel the need to visit this place again.It struck me as a typical trendy place that yuppies feel they need to visit as all the other yuppies do.  "Oh the food is sooo good!!""Really? You've eaten there?""No. But all my yuppy friends have and they say it's good so it must be."I only give it a two because the service and presentation of the food was decent.We ordered something called oxtail fries which were horrible. I'm sure an actual oxtail would probably have been tastier.My girlfriend and I each ordered a different burger so we could sample each others. Sorry I can't remember what they were called but we didn't care for either one. The best compliment I could pay them is to say they were at least edible.So as mentioned the service was decent and the food looked presentable but as far as taste I can't recommend this place. Perhaps it's just me. Maybe the asian fusion just isn't my type of food. I'd rather have a Wendys burger over this place.
3	Ate here again today food is always great but they are always short staffed We didn't t get our sweet potato fries til were done with our burgers This food is expensive for this kind of crappy service they need more help to be working
3	After seeing Guy rave about this place on "DDD"  and having many yelper friends telling hubby and myself that we needed to try this place I finally gave in. A lot of the reason it took so long to try is because I am not fan of burgers. While hanging out with one of our best-est buddies Joshua G and his wifey we decided to give Bachi Burger a try.Upon entering there were plenty of tables open but maybe not enough servers or something. The hostess told us as well the customers coming in after us that there would be a small wait so the severs could catch up. After being seated our drink orders were taken right away. I have to say the service here is great. Our server was fantastic. I knew I wasn't going to order a burger so I took a look at what sides and salads they had to offer. I decided to go junk food style and order some "Crispy Onion Rings" priced at $3.50 and "Salt & Pepper Garlic Fries" priced at $4.50. The onion rings were pretty good. The fries were good but I sure didn't taste any garlic. Paying extra money to have the garlic fries I do expect it to actually taste like garlic fries. My man ordered a "Bachi Burger" and added cheddar cheese and bacon. He did enjoy the burger but not for the price. I feel personally that for the price of the burger it should have came with fries instead of paying separate for them. I don't want to go to a burger place that looks like they just threw a few random *fancy* things on the walls just so they can charge me a la carte for everything. I have no problem paying a la carte for a establishment that enforces a dress code and doesn't have kids running around the tables. Bachi Burger doesn't taste terrible but is not worth another trip for me. It doesn't have any *wow* factor for the price.
5	Love this place. The menu is a well thought out fusion of flavors. With this place, fusion is not just a gimmick, it's delicious. Everything I've tried has been great but I'm willing to keep at it and try more menu items until I've exhausted all possibilities.You gotta appreciate that they started here in Las Vegas. Usually we import culinary talent and restaurants, but here's a good example of us exporting it.Side note: the steamed bao sandwiches are yummy but are best as an appetizer and not an entree. They are more like 3 mini bao tacks than a sandwich. Luckily we over ordered so I wasn't expecting that to fill me up.
4	Came to bachi on Friday last week with wife and friends. The one thing that stuck out to me about this place was that it has a very sleek and modern feel to it allot of hard wood everywhere and very little decorations making it feel very clean. The service was really good. The server was attentive and very knowledgeable. We ordered a Mr. Myagi Burger and some garlic pepper fries to be split between my wide and myself as I was not sure if we'd truly like the place. When the food came out the presentation of it was definitely top notch. You could tell that they use high quality beef just by looking at it. When I cut into the burger immediately the juices started flowing out letting me know that this was going to be a very tasteful burger. The beef on this burger was to die for it is definitely some of the highest quality beef that I have seen used on burgers. My wife is not a big beef eater and even she loved it which says allot. The fries were ok they definitely lacked a taste of garlic.The reason for my 4 stars is because the meat was that good. I'm not a fan but I can't down high quality. However the price to me seemed a bit high, but I guess you do pay for what you get, but if that is truly the case then I truly didn't get my monies worth on the fries but the burger was stupendous.Will consider trying this place again perhaps with a gropoun or some type of deal.
2	Just OK. Restaurant...overcrowded with 25 minute wait.  Burger...overdone. Experience...far from over the top. Maybe it was an off night? IDK...
5	Best burger in town!!! Sooo yummy!!!
4	Is it bad that I wanted to order everything?!After reading the reviews and seeing Diners, Drive-ins & Dives, my husband I knew we had to try this place.I ordered the Sangria + sake.  Delicious!1. Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, with Garlic Aioli, Fried Egg. $11.50*Anything with a fried egg = I'm game.  The fries had a great flavor by themselves but the entire dish was yummy.  The oxtail chili & cheese was exactly what you expect (the oxtail is shredded) and the garlic aioli is a perfect compliment.  Would order again!  This is DEFINITELY enough to share (there was 4 of us!)2. Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, Crispy Onion Rings; $13.00*Three out of the four of us at the table ordered this burger.  Holy delicious onion rings!  The burger was cooked perfectly (I ordered it Medium), the bun of soft, but held it's own, the caramelized bacon was exactly that, fried egg worked well.  But seriously, the onion rings stole the whole show for me.  I am going to order just a side of these next time!I was extremely full after eating all of this.  But the drink menu from the milkshakes to the boba, to the iced matcha green tea, to the tea latte's, I had this urge to order like 4 different things just to drink, but I knew the food had to reign supreme.Next time I'll get some onion rings, a milkshake and some dessert since I didn't get to sample them this time.I'll be back!
3	Came here with my sister during my bachelorette party weekend.  I'd heard about it on the foodnetwork so I was excited to try it.  The concept is pretty cool . . . Asian-ized burgers.  What's not to like?We ordered the onion rings, the kiki, and the truffle fries.  The onion rings were delicious! They're tempura style so they're nice and crunchy.  You also don't get the problem where you take a bite and the entire onion falls out of the crust.  The truffle fries were good, but I wasn't the hugest fan of the gravy on them.  I guess I'm a "purest" when it comes to truffle fries.  The only things on them should be garlic, truffle oil, parmesan, and maybe some parsley.  On to the kiki.  How can you go wrong with onion jam, mushrooms, and bacon??? It was very good, but not the best burger I've had.  The Taiwanese sweet bread bun was really tasty, but the burger was lacking the meat flavor I'm accustomed to getting in a good burger.  However, I hear that they're opening a location in my hood (West LA) so I'll be sure to take my fiance there to check it out.
3	I got the Kiki burger and it was OKAY, but nothing that I'd imagine got, like 800 reviews. I asked for medium rare, more on the rare side - came out medium. The bun was thick and didn't compliment or add to the taste of the burger at all. The carmelized bacon was good, but I couldn't taste it much on the burger, unfortunately. I wanted it to be awesome, but was a little disappointed.That said, the service was good and I do wish I could give them 3.5. Maybe I'm being too harsh and they deserve 4? It's just hard when I read the reviews and expected them to be like Bareburger in NYC, and they were not, even though their prices are laid out the same way and they don't have fries come with their burgers.I'll have to go back and try something people recommended on here so I can make a bit of a better assessment. But for now, this is what I have to say.
5	YUMMM. I love bachi burger! I live near here so I come here every time i get the chance. The last time i went, i had the oxtail chili cheese fries and the seasonal fois gras burger. WOW. The burger had the beef patty with fois gras and peaches! the mix of sweet and savory was wonderful. Definitely a must try!
5	Spicy miso burger is amazing, banh-mi burger and sweet potato fries are also pretty good and service was great.
5	Good food, saw it on Diner's, Drive N and Dives, food was very good, alot of different flavors. Oxtail chili fries must try, Sweet Tea Plantation must have "no more refills" but cup is huge but you won't be disappointed if you had to pay for anther one. Med Rare   burgers, awesome, been back two times  now, from our Vegas trip.
2	burger was okay. service: bad. We were checked on once and that was so the rude waiter could take our order. He just wanted to fool around with his friends in the back. They were yelling and laughing.Save your money go to smashburger or fuddruckers.
2	The food is delicious.. the only problem is it's way overpriced and the service is horrible.  The burgers don't even come with fries, or any sides for that matter (all separate).  We sat for 10 minutes before the waitress came by at all.
3	went with friends and they all had fairly tame burgers.  I ordered the Shogun burger (Wagu beef, foie gras, unagi, poach pear, and the kitchen sink).  I thought u must be a genius to make this combo work.  It tasted like a bag of take-out that all got tossed together when their containers opened accidently in the bag.  Yes, I knew the job was dangerous when I took it, but it should be taste tested prior being placed on the menu.
2	Great food. However service is soooo slow. Ate there today,  a sunday at 1pm. Place is not even packed and waitress got our order and we never saw her again. Other people were just calling any other server they see for assistance. We needed water and other stuff but couldnt get service. It is a good restaurant but they need more servers. They were just running to get your order and then theyre gone. No food suggestions, no time to talk to customers and say" hi hows the food do u need anything" i dont think its the servers fault i just think they were too busy. I cant imagine when this place is full.
4	Incredible burgers! The Kiki burger is knee jerking good. Run, don't walk, and go get one now!!
5	My husband will be the first to admit that he is not a foodie. He doesn't get as enthusiastic about planning, cooking, or eating meals as I do. For him to say that the burger we shared here was the best he's ever had is a testament to this place. Outstanding burger, appetizers, even the condiments were phenomenal. And their beer list is GREAT! I can't wait to go back.
4	Great food!
5	This place was fantastic. Best burger ever (foie gras and wagyu beef? YES, thank you!), service was kind of hipster, but very pleasant. Cool interior. Nice beer list and just all around great fusion concept
4	On Tue/30 Apr my 2 friends (a couple) and I ate here at approx 8:15 pm:- I had the $7.50 Bachi Burger made with Angus beef and it was excellent.  I had wanted the Mr. Ho's Burger but the server said that's a popular item and they were out of it at that time.- My friends enjoyed their Spicy Miso Burger (they split it), the Sweet Potato Fries and the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  They graciously shared both types of fries with me and they were pretty good.- Service is quick and attentive.  I drink lots of free ice water and the servers refilled my glass about 6 times.
2	I heard bachi burger was really good so I made my husband go with me. We were greeted and seated and it wasnt busy, water was serve immediately then waiter disappear for 10minutes, finally came to take our drink order. I got a red wine and husband got nectar beer and the waiter waited over 10minutes, came back with my wine and said they were out of that beer, so husband order a different beer. We order our food, it took them 30 minutes and waiter finally brought out the fries. The Fries were very good, but who brings out fries first without burgers? After we finish the fries then finally The Kiki burger and spicy miso burger came, they were good too, but service is horrible! The guy who came in after us got his food and finished his food before we even started on our food. Even though food was good, Husband won't go back because of really bad Service!
2	used to love this place. but the last time we visited before watching a movie, our food took an hour to come! and instead of apologizing, the manager rambled on and argued that it has only been less than 15 minutes. we were there at 5:15, order (main course) didn't come til 6:30! we had to rush and eat and argue with a stupid manager and try to catch a movie at 6:50! good food,  our chicken had some kind of fabric strand in it though, but really bad management or should i say, manager!
5	Always great everything....don't miss the ox tail fries!!  Asahi beer on draft!!! This restaurant is always very clean and the staff is always very professional and helpful. Go...you will not regret it!!
4	Best burger I have had in years.  Try the Ronin...cooked to perfect with through the roof flavoring.  Absolutely love the soft bun.  Would have given 5 stars but the service crew are slow and unorganized.
1	I HATE to complain but, under new management? My boyfriend and I came here last night, Friday April 12th. Bachi burger used to be one of our favorite restaurants, until last night, and we would come here at least once a month. We became dedicated customers since the first Bachi that opened on Windmill. We were so stoked one opened near us. I was being quite observant last night because the change was that noticeable. The usual atmosphere of Bachi Burger is now different and uncomfortable. I almost wanted to leave because it was freezing inside. My boyfriend and I sat down and the vibe of the place was completely off. The lights were extremely bright. The feel of intimacy was no longer there, which makes it a horrible place for a date night. The music was no longer smooth, jazzy electronic music, which gave it that Asian fusion vibe. Wasn't that the whole concept of Bachi? You could barely hear Frank Sinatra playing in the background as the blenders and customers conversations were actually louder than the music. It also seemed like they were short on waiters/waitresses, no greeting hostess,  and everyone in the kitchen looked confused. Our food arrived quickly, but it wasn't AS great as usual. My medium well was more medium RARE and slightly chewy, I couldn't even finish it. I was so hungry. :( My experience this time was different. I hope Bachi gets it together... The food is such a delicious concept to give up on all because they can't run a stabilize business.
3	Sad to give it 3 stars because I WANT to love this place. I heard such great things about it, but my personal experience wasn't anything that memorable. The wait time was ridiculously long, but I guess that's understandable considering the popularity of the place. WHEN MY BELLY WANTS FOOD IT WANTS IT NOW.I tried the Banh-Mi burger and I enjoyed the various flavors (minus the lemongrass) and the juiciness of it. Overall, it was just another overpriced burger. The two other friends I went with also were unsatisfied with their orders.I'd like to give you another chance though, you're not completely friend zoned just yet.
4	The food was amazing.... burgers were perfect..... service was OK at best......
5	Best burger in town! I went here when everyone was going to white castle for a 2hrs wait!? I lol'd  and ate the ronin.
4	Good burgers and fries but the oxtail chili cheese fries is the meal I would go for again and again.  I had the Miyagi burger which was 7 oz of American Wagyu and a fried egg and bacon and...  Pretty juicy and big and cooked medium rare-medium.They also had $5 shakes that looked great but we were too full after eating burgers, sharing the chili cheese fries and also Parmesan truffle fries.  We remarked how many crispy shoes strings there were in one $5 order of fries.  The three of us shared it and didn't finish (your mileage may vary).Both Bacchi Burgers are 15-20 minutes from the strip so you need to look for them.  The odd thing was the wait even though half of the tables were unoccupied the entire time we were waiting and eating.
3	While I don't think this place lived up to all the hype, but was still pretty good. The chili fries were wonderful as were the fries that came with the burgers. The burgers themselves all seemed a bit on the sweet side. Sweet on top of sweet is not the best combo. Especially when it comes to a burger.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by here on own way to a UYE, and ran into two other Yelpers who joined us- and we were all there for the first time!I got the Meatless burger, with truffle fries and my boyfriend got the Turkey burger and sweet potato fries. We also got a bowl of garlic edamame with truffle oil to start- which wasn't very garlicy, or truffley, so it wasn't worth the extra dollar in my mind.The Meatless burger was not the best I've ever had- but it sure as hell was the most invent! You get two types of veggie burgers: patties made of a mixture of veggies, or a 'patty' of a vegetable (mushroom, eggplant).This burger had a base patty of rice and beans and other veggies, but also had a thin slice of tofu and eggplant, both breaded and seasoned, which gave it a very different dynamic. The flavor was good, but mostly just sweet and sour tangs- I didn't taste much in the veggies or the tofu.My boyfriend liked his Turkey burger, but wasn't impressed with his sweet potato fries. My truffle fries on the other hand were really good, and the sun dried tomato sauce they come with is ADDICTING! This place turned out to be cheaper than other gourmet burger places we have been to.
5	BURGER MONTH's LAST DAYI've waited several years to return to Bachi Burger. However, it's to the Summerlin location at the Village Square Center. There were three of us. Each one ordered a different style. Of course my Yu-go chauffeur ordered his favorite medium-rare with kimchi. It's sandwiched in a Taiwanese style sweet bun and the Angus beef is aged on the rack for thirty days. Also ordered two types of  fries, Truffle Parmesan Sea Salt and Garlic and Pepper styles. To quench our thirst Matcha Green Tea Shake, Almond Boba Milk Drink and an Iced Green Tea.You haven't tasted a real burger until you tried one at Bachi Burger
1	I was looking forward to a great experience and instead got the complete opposite! The hostess is by far the worst hostess to ever exist! She doesn't understand English and doesn't understand the priorities and importance of customer service! There was a large group of us who got here at 630! And following was another group of about 10 who got seated before us and her answer to us was "they got seated first because they aren't as loud!" ARE YOU FUCKING kidding me?! We sat there and waited to be seated and still with a horrible attitude she dares to say such a thing!?!???? I would NOT recommend this place to anyone with a large group! 10+ horrible and by far the worst experience!!!!
5	Far out! Burger lovers unit at this place. Had to come after hearing so much about it. Had the blue and green burger...omg...my tongue died and went to heaven. You will not be disappointed by the food or service!
4	Pork Belly steamed buns ... Yummy !!!
5	I have been to Bachi- both the Summerlin and the Green Valley locations quite a few times now. Either my husband or I usually gets a severe Bachi craving at least once a month, and then only Bachi will do. Between us we've tried every burger on the menu, with the exception of the crazy-spendy Shogun, which I think will call for a special occasion, and we've settled into almost ritualistic favorites.The Ritual:- If I'm at Windmill, I will start with the Yuzu-Cherry soda, Summerlin, beer.- Then salt and pepper fries with those glorious little jalapenos, so perfectly crispy and salty and share-able.- Then I order the Kiki Burger, which is pretty much my favorite burger of all time. Juicy, sweet, and just the right level of sloppy. Mushroom heaven. - My husband orders the Spicy Miso burger, and eats it in approximately six seconds and moans softly to himself in joy.The prices are a bit on the high side for a "burger joint", but Bach isn't really that, so don't go with that expectation. It's more of a unique local "nice, but lower key" bistro or something. It is one of the Go-to places both my husband and I drag our foodie friends and family when they fly in to visit, and it always gets rave reviews. I personally think I like the Summerlin location a bit better (except they need the cherry-yuzu soda. seriously.) I've feel as though I've just had my burgers a little bit better put together and more well cooked there. I've never had anything I didn't like there, other particular favorites were the Ronin and the turkey burger I can't remember the name of, but we just like that order so very much it's hard to deviate. When I go to Bachi, it's explicitly for that glorious mushroom-y Kiki. Mmm. Now I need to go to Bachi.
5	I once saw a picture of the Ronin Burger on yelp and I knew I had to try Bachi Burger.  My only problem was just trying to figure out how to get there from the strip without a rental car.  Fortunately taking the bus there was easy, but very long.Deciding a burger ended up becoming a task on its own because it was so hard to choose.  If I had the stomach for it, I'd order everything!  I was very tempted to order their Shogun Burger with foie gras or their Banh Mi Burger which was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives.  I ended up sticking with the plan and ordered the Ronin Burger because that's what got attention to Bachi Burger in the first place.The Ronin Burger -- Angus Beef, Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, Yuzu Citrus AioliLook at this beauty:  http://bit.ly/Zgp3BFI'm glad I settled with the Ronin Burger because it was really OMGYUM!!  So much stuff going on with the burger, onions, different dressings, and fried egg.  Every bite was pretty magical with an explosion of flavors.  And this burger was pretty big too!  I'm glad i didn't order fries because I don't think I would've been able to finish the burger.  I'll make this statement now even though I haven't tried everything:  This has got to be my favorite burger in Las Vegas!I can't wait to come back to Vegas to go for another round of Bachi Burger.  There's so much there to order from steamed buns, to tacos and  wings, and of course their huge variety of burgers.  I'll probably end up ordering the Ronin again because it was so awesome, but the Shogun, Banh Mi, Kiki, and Miyagi Burgers seem to have my attention too.  So we'll see!
3	I try to eat off the strip as much as possible when rolling out to vegas so I had to give Bachi Burger a try.  The Sahara location is in a plaza with a movie theater and other restaurants.  On the particular day I was dining, the weather in Vegas was extremely hot and it felt really warm in the restaurant as well.  The thought of eating greasy burgers and fries and sitting in the heat wasn't so pleasant but nonetheless we had arrived already and extremely famished from partying the night before!  My friends and I shared some oxtail chili cheese fries and they were really good!  I loved the fried egg on top with the oozing yolk, yum!  We ordered some onion rings and they were very average, kind of bland to be honest.  I ordered the Miyagi san burger it was good but nothing mind blowing.  I always compare burgers to the likes of Umami burger and father's office. Bachi's came a little bit short.  My patty was requested at medium but came out extremely well done and charred.    It wasn't particularly busy for lunch so I'm not sure what happened.  I also thought my burger was a little bit bland.  It was pretty juicy but just lacked a bit of seasoning.  The portion size is large enough to fill you up for sure.  When Bachi opens up in LA, i'd definitely give this chain another shot. 3.5 stars
1	Not worth $25 per person for burger and fries. We went to try is because it was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. We had to wait 30 mins to be seated, the place was not even full. We were given water, them asked if we wanted something else to drink besides water. We sat for 30 mins with only water. Ordered appetizers and our meals. About 30 mins later we got an order of fries, asked which ones they were, the gal had NO idea what they were. Then more fries came out, I said they were to come with the meal and we ordered apps, the server came over and said sorry I forgot to put the app order In, after she told us they would be out in a few mins. So our apps came after our meals came. We were never asked if we wanted more drinks. The fastest thing to come was the bill. We were never offered desert.$150 for 6 people is ridiculous for burgers and fries. Food was ok, service sucked.
4	Ronin burger, medium rare= full of deliciousness and so juicyOx  tail fries, which was okay tasted just like regular chili cheese fries. But the service was TOP NOTCH, our waiter made sure all our needs were met in a quick and friendly manner. Our water cups were never empty! Excited that BachiBurger has decided to expand into Los Angeles, cant wait to try their other burgers!
5	Wow. This place is very good. When I was told this place beats Umami burger from LA I was pretty skeptical. Once I took a bite I was convinced. The buns were soft and toasted exactly the right way. I got the fish burger and it was so good and tasty. The fries although the waitress said was small it was perfect to be shared.I don't think there is any doubt that this is hands down one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm definitely going to go back next time I'm in town.Prices were very reasonable at about $10-15. It was a lot bigger than Umami and tastier too.
1	Overcooked (very well done not medium), over-hyped and bad, bad management.  Given a 20 minuted wait time in an empty restaurant is absurd but we waited anyway.  In hindsight we should have walked a bit further in the center and eaten at Archi's Thai.  Two hours for two ill-prepared burgers and bad service.  Run, don't walk, to any of the other options in Village Square.
5	I can't wait to go back to this place and eat in! I tried it for the first time last week, and having never been, I expected more of a fast-food vibe so I got take-out. When I arrived to pick it up I found a somewhat charming little sit-down burger place with a surprisingly large number of people dining in (considering that it is in a strip-mall and I was there at an odd time - around 3pm).The item I had is not on the menu, but I saw a delicious-looking photo on their website, so I asked about it when I called. The Shogun Burger - kobe beef burger with seared foie gras, BBQ eel, and a special sauce. The bun was perfectly toasted and fluffy, the burger was medium rare, juicy, and delcious, and the toppings were awesome. It was a little heavy on the sauce (I'm not sure exactly what it was) so I would definitely ask for less next time, or even on the side. Also, it was a very very rich sandwich, so make sure you're in the mood for that before ordering.Service was friendly and quick! Can't wait to go back and try their other specialty burgers.
3	I don't think there is a burger place in Las Vegas untouched by my husband and I. It's our mission to find the perfect burger. We were pretty stoked to finally make our way to Bachi Burger, a lot of people we know LOVE it. The restaurant is nice, almost too nice for a burger place. People are dressed in shorts and tank tops and there is low mood lighting and fancy serving plates. I never got comfortable there, can I slouch in my chair and relax, or do I sit up straight with my napkin in my lap? (About 10 minutes before we were about to leave, someone hit the switch and glaringly bright cafeteria like lights blasted on. Holy crap! Blinded!)  We ordered burgers and fries. The burgers were good. Interestingly good. The garlic fries, not so much. It was an expensive cone of bits with no flavor. My husband and I both agree that it's a place you have to try but we're in no hurry to go back. Our burgers where good but didn't fill that "I'm in the mood for a good burger" craving. My taste buds where confused.
4	Great mixture of Grill, Japanese, Korean and Taiwanese.   It's really easier to ask them what's good at let them deal with it vs selecting off the menu.  the combination of tastes is so hard to predict.  They have Wagyu and Kobe.  I love it rare or blueA little slow.. my only issue
5	This burger straight-up knocked me on my ass. I came here having never heard of Bachi Burger before, and got (with a group) the oxtail chili fries, Kiki's burger, and the trio of ice cream sandwiches. There's no doubt in my mind that it was the best meal I've eaten in 2013. It might be the best three-course meal I've eaten for under $20 in my life. Are you freaking kidding me?The oxtail chili fries were subtle and smoky, well spiced, had a gorgeous texture. I could have eaten the whole plate. The trio of ice cream sandwiches was a most singular dessert: high quality chocolate, not-terribly-sweet ice cream, and shortbread cookies (paired to the ice creams) witha  decadent nuttiness to them. I was already ludicrously full from the burger, but the ice cream sandwiches kept me coming back, nibble by nibble, to wonder: "Wait, what's THAT flavor? How do THESE textures work together?"That sums up the whole meal, actually: the food was conceived with a level of attentiveness I associate with only the most elite of restaurants. The components of the dishes were all not just high quality, but arranged thoughtfully and playfully with the greatest possible attention to the balance of textures, smells, temperatures, spiciness/sweetness/umaminess/piquancy. The whole is more than the sum of its parts.Kiki's Burger (angus beef -- caramelized on the outside, perfect juicy medium inside; onion marmalade; dressed greens; three kinds of mushrooms; caramelized bacon; aged gruyere; probably other awesome stuff that I'm forgetting) was the only burger I've ever eaten with motherfucking STAR POWER and that's all I'm going to say about it.This chain is going to be bigger than Umami Burger. You're not going to be able to get a table at the LA location. In ten years there'll be frozen Bachi Burgers in the aisle of your latest supermarket. This chain is going to blow the heck UP. And I for one am going to eat here as often as I can (strawberry guava cheesecake next time? please!) before everyone finds out about it.
3	This is a 5 star burger.  Easily making my top 10 burger list.  But do to the service both before and during the restaurant will get only 3 stars. I don't like paying 15 for a burger and fries either, but didn't mind as much here. I had the Kiki burger.  Wow was this burger put together good.  The meat was tasty and flavorful. The caramelized bacon,  mushrooms and cheese make this one great burger. Even though this is like no burger you have ever made at home.  We'll unless your dad is a Japanese chef. So not traditional but a really great burger. Now on to the service. The hostess was having people wait even though the restaurant was half empty. I mean really.  Just because the is the norm when you are busy doesn't mean you have to do the same when you are not.  Please get your nose out of the air. As well wasn't to thrilled with the waiting staff either.  For crying out loud you serve burgers. Quit trying to be stuck up, or should I say quit being stuck up.Overall a great burger with a not so great experience.
5	Very good fusion burgers!
4	The food was very good. I built my own burger. The burger was juicy and had great flavor. I also had the sea salt and pepper fries and those were good as well. The downside was the server she did not recommend anything on the menu she did not ask if we had been here before or anything. We ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and if you can not do spicy food then you should not order these. They put jalapenos slices on everything and if you can not have spice then tell them because stuff is spicy either little or a lot of spice. I will be back with less spice.
4	If I didn't have to wait for a table for two for 15 minutes this place would have got a 5 star review, but unfortunately that wasn't the case. I came with one friend and waited 10-15 minutes for a table in a somewhat empty restaurant all because they were understaffed. Luckily the burger surpassed my expectations and that one star will be docked until the next time. I ordered the salt and pepper fries, the spicy miso burger, and I tried a bit of my friends' Kiki's burger. It was hard settling on a burger choice because every combo looked so damn interesting. After reading Yelp recommendations for the spicy miso burger I finally decided on it and boy was that a GREAT choice. First bite in and I tasted a crunch and then a parade of asian flavors dancing around in my mouth. From the potent ginger and soy sauce aroma in the restaurant I assumed that the burger would have the same pungent asian flavors. I asked for my burger to be medium well and it came out perfectly cooked, same with my friends' burger (which rarely ever happens, pun intended). I wish there was a way to explain how great the flavor pairings were but it is something you need to experience first hand. The size of the burger was perfect, not too filling and worth all 10 of my money. I love having some type of carby side dish and even though oxtail fries were a highly recommended menu item I sprung for the salt and pepper fries. You would assume from the title that they would be just that, but their was a kick of jalapeno, some cilantro, garlic, but the true taste changer was the maui onion sea salt, it was perfect with the aioli served with the fries. I am definitely going to come back on my next Vegas trip, even though it is a far ways away from the strip (I don't mind traveling for food though).
4	Bachi is always great, the Black and green burger with a sunny side up egg, Oxtail chili fries awesome... Allan was also great...
4	Watching food porn before bed can be as dangerous as going to the grocery store hungry.  About a year ago while watching Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives, they visited Bachi Burger.  Now i live in Canada, and i was close to debating a road trip, just to have some of those chili fries.  While planning a recent trip to Vegas, i remembered Bachi, and immediately put that on the itinerary.  They have two locations, we went to the newer one, and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.  I didn't have to look at the menu, i had it planned months ago what i was going to order, the oxtail chili cheese fries with garlic aioli and a fried egg a top.    It came to the table and it was everything that i wanted.  The fries, even with all of the toppings remained surprising crisp, and the gravy was more of a ragu, and it was rich and delicious.  The problem with restaurants being on TV is that they will showcase a few dishes.  Now coming from another country you want to try as many dishes as possible, especially the burgers.  At Bachi they have sliders, so it would be nice if they could make the fries in a smaller size, so that you can try a burger as well.  My sister ordered the kiki, which they made on DDD's, and she gave me one bite, and it was my biggest food regret from that trip of not ordering a burger because i was so full from the fries.  Overall, it is a very basic strip mall restaurant from the outside, but where they knock your socks off is in the flavour department.  They are not shy, their food is bold, and i cannot wait to come back.
4	Went for Father's Day..Food is Great! Burgers are Delicious and Flavorful, the Calamari appetized is Yummy and the presentation is beautiful...But the wait is ridiculously long!! Be prepared to wait 30-45 minutes to be seated while there are lots of empty tables all around..They lose a lot of customers who dont want to wait. I only saw 2 or 3 servers.
5	My boyfriend wanted to try this after seeing it featured on Food Network. Great choice! We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, but it was worth it. I ordered the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. It was piled high, mostly with the beef patty and onion strings. It was hard to put in my mouth, but once I managed to smash it in, it was like biting into my dream food. Juicy, plump meat with fresh, perfectly cooked bacon and onion strings. Ahhh, so good.We also ordered a sangria, which I didn't care for, but finished anyway. It was a tad too bitter for my taste. We also tried their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, which came in a large portion, and were also very good, but had slightly unusual toppings. I've definitely never had chili cheese fries with fried egg before. But it was good!We'll definitely be hitting up this place again the next time we're in Vegas!
4	I'm gonna have to tell you right now: try to avoid the windmill location if you're not wanting to wait more than 10 minutes for a table LOL. we went to the windmill location first, and were told it would be an hour+ wait to be seated, so we headed over to this sahara location for a 5-10 minute wait.it definitely was worth the drive away from the strip. we had the black & green and kiki's burgers, with the oxtail chili fries. BOMB! the burgers were so juicy! and the waiter we had was very helpful and blunt in a good way. He definitely didn't sugar coat anything when recommending or (talking down) certain items on the menu. I really liked that, because it was a little more personal, and not so pushy on selling the high priced items. I only wish there were more Asian fusion places similar to this in colorado.
4	My friends and I went to this location because the original one had a broken air conditioner and said they couldn't accommodate our large party.We came here and waited a ridiculously long time considering the restaurant wasn't even at  full capacity.   They were definitely short staffed and adding in the 115 degree heat outside, our party was not in the best of moods.Anyhow, when we were seated, we ordered the oxtail fries, the kiki burger, the ronin burger, and a strawberry guava smoothie.The quality of the food was exceptional just like the other location.  The bread of the burger is buttery and soft.  The meat is tender and juicy...the best I've had in my opinion, and the oxtail fries were delicious.  For the price ~$11, it was a fair deal.Its definitely a must go if you've never had a gourmet burger.  It will for sure be one of the best hamburgers you've ever had.The only reason I gave a 4 star was because the service was disappointingly slow and the waiters were a bit sweaty while they ran around.  I didn't want to see that right before I ate my food.  To be fair, it was a hell on earth because of the temperature but I think the business should hire more staff, especially on friday  nights during peak dinner hours.
2	We were a party of 10 on Tuesday night originally going to the Windmill location, but with a broken AC, went to the one on Sahara instead.  There was no wait, and the restaurant was about 1/3 full.  The service was great - waters were never empty and plates were cleared accordingly.  Our server made sure everyone's burger was cooked at the right temp (asked us to cut it open to see).  Also, with such a large party, I was impressed that the food runners knew exactly which burger was whose (I think it's so tacky to bring food to the table and "auction" it off). On to the food.  We shared the oxtail fries, sweet potato fries, and truffle parm fries.  A member of our party commented that the oxtail fries tasted "like fries with canned chili on top".  I thought they were over salted and were nothing special.  The sweet potato fries were good (but Boiling Crab still has the best in town) - thick cut, seasoned perfectly.  The yuzu aioli, however, didn't quite compliment the savory-sweetness of the fries.  The truffle parm fries were a huge letdown.  I love truffle and was expecting to taste a little truffle flavor in each bite.  I got zero truffle flavor.  The mushroom cream drizzled on top was reminiscent of stove top mushroom gravy made in the microwave.  The tomato aioli, while good on its own, added nothing to the fries.  If the fries were truffle and cheesey enough, I don't think it would need any kind of sauce to accompany it. I got the Kalbi burger and my bf got the Kiki burger.  The meat was of great quality and cooked perfectly.  The bun was nicely toasted and buttered.  I really wish I loved the burgers (everyone else in the party did), but I really did not think they were anything special.  The Kalbi burger tasted like a burger slathered with kalbi sauce with some kim chee on top.  The Kiki burger tasted like a lot of bland.  All the ingredients sounded like it should have come together to make a great flavor combo, but it just didn't work.  I didn't even know there was caramelized onion, bacon, and guyere chesse on it until I looked back on the menu!  I thought it was just meat, lettuce, and some mushrooms. The price isn't considered cheap either.  $5 for frozen fries drizzled with stove top mushroom gravy does not a happy girl make. All in all, kudos for trying to come up with a fusion burger place, but at the end of the day, the flavors (or lack thereof) just didn't work.
5	Love this place. Burgers are always on point and the place is always busy.  The wait is worth it and i appreciate the fact that they seat according to the staff on hand. They dont just sit the entire restaurant and slam the kitchen causing the whole place to grind to a halt. I have eaten here multiple times and have had to wait to be seated but its been worth it everytime. My food has always been great. Keep up the good work guys!
5	For the first time ever, I kinda wish I lived in Las Vegas.I had the miyagi san burger yesterday... and I can not stop thinking about it!?!We went at 3pm, and it just happened to be the start of their 3-6pm happy hour.Nothing on the happy hour menu really caught our eye.  We were planning on trying the oxtail chili cheese fries as our appetizer.  The normal order is $11.50.  They have a half order size for $6 on the happy hour menu.  Lol... is that really a deal??  whatevs... we were gonna order it anyway.  The half order is a really good size.  And it was pretty tasty.  Not addicting as some claim... But a worthy appetizer.  The cilantro was a nice touch.  I wish they added more.For our meal, he ordered the Kiki, I got the Miyagi-San, we shared the salted french fries and a salted caramel marshmallow milk shake.Neither of us loved the Kiki.  It was way too sweet.  Sadly, he even left a few bites.  And, if you know my guy... he NEVER leaves a bite of anything.The fries were fries.  They must really love sweet stuff here because they have a pineapple ketchup.The salted caramel marshmallow milk shake is not all it's hyped up to be.  It tasted like a muted chocolate shake to me.  No real hint of salt in it... and it had some crushed graham crackers on top (I think?) and some extra whipped marshmallow.  Also, it's a REALLY small serving.  For a $6 milkshake, I expect it to be a decent portion.Their saving grace was the Mr. Miyagi-San!!  ** I'm in love **I will gladly drive the 30 minutes off the strip and wait 15-20 minutes for a table (even though there were plenty of empty tables when we arrived), just so I can have that delectable burger again.I will never be able to eat another burger after having had the Miyagi San :'(What makes it so delicious, you ask???  I don't know.  But, I ordered it medium with all the toppings just the way they offer it and it was utter perfection.  The problem with the Kiki was that it was too sweet.The Miyagi tempers the sweetness of the meat just perfectly with the onion rings and egg and the furikake stuff... the slight crunch of the onion rings...  mmm... I'm drooling now just remembering the whole experience.I was nice.  I shared my burger w my bf.  He was a bit jelly that my burger was SOOO much better than his.We will definitely be back.  Bachi Burger was our last stop of a 3 day food frenzy in Vegas.  And, it was the best stop of the trip!Better than anything we ate at the much over-hyped Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars... I'm just sayin'...
4	Thank you, Guy!  I saw this place on "Diner, Drive'in, and Dives."  And have been putting it off for the right moment to try.  Well, that moment arrived, when one of our friends said he wanted a really good burger not on The Strip.  We ventured off The Strip... I'm telling you this is way off The Strip.  If you have heard of the LV residential area, Summerlin, it's in that neighborhood.  The trip there didn't start off well... 1)  We went the wrong direction on Sahara.  2) We were crunched on time... my boyfriend and I were leaving Vegas that night.  3) We were all hungry and wanting the burger!  We finally made it there.  It's shares the parking lot with many other businesses like a movie theater.When we entered there were many empty tables... it was a Monday.  We looked over the menu, since there was four of us we were thinking to get four different burgers to try a little of everything.  Sorry I put a crack in that plan because they wanted one with blue cheese... I don't like blue cheese.  So we just ordered what we wanted... the guys ordered the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, my friend choose the Black & Green Wagyu Burger, and I choose the Kiki's Burger (According to the server, this is one of the most popular burgers).  My burger was okay, I wish I had ordered one with the Wagyu just because the quality and taste of the beef is soooo much better than the Angus.  I think the next time I go, it will be the Miyagi-san burger for me.  We also ordered the ox-tail chili cheese fries.  I think they were okay, personally I don't like cilantro and beans, which they have to the chili.  I think the flavor of the chili was good with the cheese and surprisingly the fried egg on top.  Personally, I wouldn't order it again, unless someone else wanted it.Overall, service was good.  Nothing to complain about.  A point of advice is... if you like your burgers well done... do not order the Wagyu, it will just throw off the texture of the beef.  As your server will advise, as did our server. This is definitely a place to try if you're in Vegas!
3	So we finally tried Bachi Burger!  Another bookmark to check off of my list!Bachi Burger has been on my radar since I saw it DDD on the Food Network.  We were finally in the neighborhood and hungry at the same time, so we popped in for lunch.  When we walked in, the place was almost empty, but the hostess (who thought very highly of herself, if I do say so) said we needed to wait to be seated for a while.  We weren't in a hurry, so we waited, but thought it was weird.  We were finally seated 5 minutes later at a table that had been empty and clean the entire time.  We then waited at least 5 minutes for our server to come by to get our drink order.  When she came back with our drinks we were ready to order since we had been there quite some time by this point.  We ordered the Mr. Ho's burger and the Miyagi-san burger with the sea salt and pepper garlic fries.  The burgers were quite yummy and we liked the different flavors going on, but they weren't extremely special.  We did really like them though.  The fries were good as well, but not anything spectacular.   I didn't taste any garlic, onion sea salt, or really anything exciting.  They tasted like fries from a regular fast food joint, not gourmet fancy fries. The prices seem to be really high here as well.  I get that they are uber-modern, doing the hip fusion menu thing, and you have been on the Food Network, but I expected a little more umph for the price.  Our burgers were $10 and $13.5 dollars and we had to pay another $4 for fries.  The burgers were delish and probably worth the price, but I think the mediocre fries could have been thrown in, instead of a side item to add on. As for our service, all I can say is ugh!  I don't know what it is with my hubby and I, but we always seem to get the worst server in the place for our server.   We are so super easy and never high maintenance, especially since I used to work in the restaurant industry for years. Our server just seemed overwhelmed, even though I only saw her waiting on our table and 1 other.  She rarely checked on us.  I think we saw her 3 times the whole meal.  We got better service from surrounding servers, bussers, and the food runners.So the food warrants a return visit because we did enjoy it.  I just hope we get a better server and tastier fancy fries.
5	O Bachi Burger, you are as delicious as people raved. The semi sweet bun, the juicy patties, delicious dressing and the must have pineapple ketchup!! I drool just reminiscing about the Miyagi and the Kiki. However, the oxtail chili cheese fries didn't taste as amazing as i hoped it would, not that it wasn't good, it just didn't seem to be as special as some hyped it to be. Service was also a bit on the slower side for it not being busy. O well, I still love you regardless
5	Amazing burgers but priced as much as a prime rib dinner at Lawerys.  Top burgers are $16 and fries $12.  Strawberry Lemon aide (which was very good) is $4.50.  Have a beer plus tip and you are looking at $38 person.  Its very good, and if you have the means, then this is a unique hamburger experience.
1	Went on a evening to try their burgers. Saw on yelp and I think food network. That evening there were a lot of open tables but people waiting. Was told to wait but couldn't figure out why. They had a birthday party in the back section but that shouldn't stop them from seating their customers. Waited 25 minutes and ready to walk out but they finally seated us. 10 minutes went by before we got to order. A couple who walked in right after we were seated got there meal before us. Crappy customer service. The burgers were o.k. but with this kind of treatment I don't think i'll be back. Customer service is #1. What irked me more was the hostess and waiters where joking and not paying attention to their customers.  They just don't care.
4	Preface: I wlll give the food 5 stars. This was our 2nd time at this restaurant. Excellent food. Especially the Miyagi-San. Wow! The Wagyu beef is excellent. So as far as the food, some of the best burgers I've had.This recent visit was kind of strange. I believe our waitress was trying to be sneaky by casually getting my kids to order extra toppings on the burger. My kids didn't realize that each addtl topping cost $1.50-2.00. She asked my son if he wanted "everything" on the burger. He said yes. But I immediately stopped that transaction and politely said that he will only add the cheese. I can only imagine that my bill would've been $20/burger. I don't know if she was annoyed that we only ordered water; thus lowering our bill and her potential tip. I don't know. Only speculating.Well, I will give the service 3 stars, but since the food was excellent I decided to give a 4 star rating. I really do like this place. I was just a little perplexed by her motives.
1	Yuck. Salty low grade beef with under cooked bacon wet bun and terrible onion rings. The place smelt like the sewer backed up and the waitress had 3 tables and took way longer than she should have. Never again.
1	We went there after a movie. I wish we hadn't. The service wasn't great and the food was terrible. We sent back the truffle fries. I told them we didn't want to pay for them and I'm glad they took them off the bill. if they hadn't I would have caused a scene. They tasted old and there was some brown crap on them that didn't taste at all like truffles. I made it very clear to the server that I was very allergic to hot peppers. The sauce for my bao was very full of chiles. I just tasted it and I am still having an allergic reaction to it. My bao was dry without a sauce. The buns weren't quite done. My Wife's burger was OK, but nothing at all special. Her "grilled onions" were so thick that they were raw onions in the middle. We won't be back.
4	Good burgers. Away from the strip and affordable but can't do 5 stars i had better
1	I have never been treated so rudely and unprofessionally. I changed my drink order  twice and you would have thought I killed some one. Alexis--the server told me after I told her that I didn't want the Iced Matcha Green Tea, that the item would not be removed from my bill. I told her the drink tasted horrible like matcha mix and tap water and I did not want to drink it, because it did not taste good. She was extremely rude and I asked to talk to a manager. As a former food server, I know that removing an item from the bill is no biggie. I saw the manager coming over to our table and  I thought the problem would be rectified. The manager was rude and confrontational, instead of fixing the problem he actually made things worse; but eventually decided to take the $4.00 item off of our bill. The excitement my husband, son and I initially felt walking into the place subsided after all of this hoopla over a drink. We felt unwanted, negative vibes the entire time we were there. Despite all of this we decided to stay, like dummies and try the food. While we were eating, Alexis threw the check on the table. She did not bother to ask us what we thought about the food or whether or not we wanted refills on drinks, or dessert. I know as a server you never bring the bill over until you see that your patrons are done eating. She obviously did not get this memo. I seriously would not recommend this establishment and not because the food isn't good. A place of business should treat anyone who walks through the doors like family. The service provided by the server Alexis and the douche manager was absolutely horrendous. I will not be returning and I will tell everyone I know not to go also. SERVICE SUCKS!!!
3	I'm a frequent visitor to LV & was there for the July 4th weekend. I've been wanting to try Bachi Burger after having it on my bookmark list for sometime...I went there with my family for dinner (around 6:30 PM) & we had to wait for about 30 minutes. The small waiting area was packed, but the restaurant area still had some empty tables. Another couple commented about the empty tables, but the greeter said something to the effect that they didn't want to overload the kitchen and have a backlog of orders...not a good 1st impression.However, once we were seated I found our waiter to be friendly & attentive. We ordered the following burgers: Mr. Ho's Burger, Miyagi-San's Wagyu Grass-fed Burger, Kiki's Burger & Black & Green Burger. My daughter ordered the Bachi Fish sandwich. We also ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries & the Bachi Pickles for appetizers.The fries were good, but not "out of this world" good...The Bachi pickles were a variety of sliced Japanese pickles, such as takuan, radish, etc. something you definitely have to have an acquired taste for... We all enjoyed our burgers, it was a different experience (positive) with the Asian fusion taste. My daughter said the Bachi Fish Sandwich was good too.Everything was definitely pricier, but if you're looking for a different twist/experience  on eating a hamburger, I recommend giving Bachi Burger a try. Service was acceptable & the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. This particular restaurant is located at a nice location in the Village Square Shopping Center in the Summerlin area which is about 30 minutes west of the strip (movie theaters are located in this center as well :)
4	YAY! I'm a fan of the food. Service wasn't great... A 3 star for service. I will return.
5	The day I came to eat here, I felt so bad, because I was "THAT" person. I didn't pay attention to the time and with no time left, I convinced my husband that we should absolutely try this place. Of course I didn't pull my head out of my a** until after we ordered a ton of food, and I realized that it was very unrealistic to even think that we would be finished within 20min. (SMH... i know that's exactly what i was thinking--I'm such an as*^ole!)  And that's when it happened, that's when I turned into "THAT"  person. --The person that just ordered their meal, and two seconds later wonders how much longer it will be. -The person who now has the patience of a 5 year old, and is forced due to their own stupidity and poor time management to tell the server to rush all the food-The person who asks for to-go boxes and the check as soon as the food hits the table.-The person who is frantically trying to hand over a credit card while inhaling food out of to-go boxes ( note to self: if you are in a hurry, then pay with cash!!!! )I am so sorry for being "THAT" person.  :( I couldn't even enjoy the food, because I was inhaling it so fast... Either way, that is exactly why I love this place! They completely rose to the challenge! Not only did they serve us with a smile an absolute kindness, the food was incredible! They got me out on time, were very attentive, and even let me take "happy hour" food home (which I don't think they were supposed to, since their as**ole manager thought his staff and customers would appreciate him loosing his temper over it on the floor when he witnessed me receiving a to-go box. FYI- pointing at a table that is occupied, when you look like you are about to pop a vein, and simultaneously insist on raising your voice while disciplining an employee in the dining room that is full of customers, is not only poor management, but its inappropriate and it also may affect business. Just sayin... )Anyway, the staff (minus management) was amazeballs!!! I absolutely recommend this place! And am planning on returning on a day that will allow me to enjoy the experience to the fullest.
5	What an amazing concept, such thought goes into every burger and it shows. Try every burger, trust me it's worth it.PS: Shakes are an added plus.
2	The burgers here are great tasting and have great flavor combinations, but all of that is overshadowed by the ABSOLUTELY HORRENDOUS service.When we first got there, there were only 3 tables that had been filled. So the place was still mostly empty. We walked up to the host/hostess station which was empty. When someone finally came over, he said that we needed to wait 5 minutes for the service to kitchen to catch up? This was well after the lunch hour and the kitchen did not look busy at all. So I asked if we could at least look at the menu and get an order ready, to which he replied no because we would still have to wait anyway. This made no sense at all since the kitchen was clearly NOT busy. When we were finally seated, the waitress took over 20 minutes to come greet us and when we got our order in, it took over 40 minutes for us to get our meal. Keep in mind that the restaurant is still very much empty at this point. When we got the bill at the end (which also took forever), we had been overcharged and then had to wait another half hour for the waitress to adjust it. So a meal that should have taken maybe just over an hour ended up taking over 2.5 hours due to their incompetence and general neglect. I'll probably try out their other location, but honestly the only thing saving this review for them is the fact that the food was actually good. It was just horribly tainted by their incomparably bad service.
5	A very good friend and fellow foodie referred us to Bachi Burger when we told him we were moving to Vegas. We were in town last week to look for housing, and gave them a visit. Very nice place, clean and new. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our server was attentive, and professional.   We started with the house pickle sampler. Very good flavor, and we strongly recommend you try then. Not what we were expecting, and the variety was perfect.  We ordered the sweet potato fries, with the citrus aioli, Yummmmm!!!   We both decided to order a different burger, and split them. My wife ordered the Ronin burger, I ordered the Kiki burger. The flavors were bold, eclectic and the burger was cooked prefect. Both burgers were outstanding, the portion was filling.  We can not wait to return and continue trying different choices. We are returning in a few weeks, and another review to follow. What a great find, and we are so glad to be moving close to this amazing burger find. Thank you, Captain Cook for the recommendation!!! We're gonna miss you guys.
3	Good food but grossly overpriced. $12 dollars for three duck buns? Madness.
2	Not impressed... Went there tonight with my boyfriend, being recommended by several friends. Walked in and wad seated right away. The host rushed back to the table and threw the silverware down in hurry to greet the next guests... Next another server brings us waters and throws the straws on the table and takes off .. no interaction at all.. we wait 5 minutes fir another server to take our drink order (mind you there is only 5 other tables seated, and about 5 servers, so why a wait. Idk) he brings back our sodas and takes off... Wtf!! We look over the menu and wait another 5 minutes and yet another server comes to take our food order. We order 2 burgers an order of fries and calamari... The calamari comes out quickly so I feel ok so far... About 7 minutes go by and we finish the calamari and look forward to our burgers, but no server comes to our table. (Keep in mind there are only at this point 5 other tables. The two tables next to us order there burgers when we got the calamari and theres came out 10 minutes before ours) so we wait, and wait. Our server keeps walking past us,not ever glancing over to see that we are ready. Finally after about 20 minutes after we finished the appetizer our burgers (my boyfriend's first, then 2 minutes later mine) comes out. Fries were hot, burgers looked like they were forgotten about and left under heat lamps, and were not that impressive. I never received a soda refill, and we had to flag down a server for the check. I will not be back to this place again.. maybe I will try the bachi burger in henderson. Epic fail
1	It's taken me a long while to write a restaurant review on Yelp. Bachi Burger was able to inspire me to write one.The theme of the day: "Bachi Burger?  More like Bachitty Service Burger."Here are some of the highlights:We had a group of 12 people.  Plenty of room to sit. It took about 20 minutes to get seated.It took 15 minutes for anyone to stop by our table.  That's when the busboy spilled water.  Which is no big deal, but he didn't wipe it after he spilled it.10 minutes later we finally place orders.  I tell the waiter about the spill, the busboy comes back, wipes the water on the ground.  I tell him about the table, uses the same towel he wiped the floor with.Gave 4 of us plates for the 4 orders of fries we got.  We had to flag another busser down, but we never got more plates.Asked for napkins, never came.Water is completely empty for half the table, they see it, we have to ask again for a refill.Honestly, it's frustrating to write all of this.  It shouldn't take 2 hours to have a burger with your family.  It's a shame too because I thought the burger was pretty good.  I've just never seen such horrific service, and a failure to understand that bad service was being offered when it was clear as day.  There were too many workers there to not understand. Whyyyyy =*(
3	Came here last week for dinner.  Overall the experience was just "ok".  We arrived and had to wait about 5-10mins, which was no big deal since there were a few people in front of us and the restaurant looked busy.  When it was our turn to be seated we went around the partition and half the tables were empty, so I'm not sure what the wait was for. Our waiter was prompt and our drink/food order taken in no time.  ( Quick Side note: We were seated toward the back and across from us a table filled with folded dish towels and aprons were sitting out...not sure why it was on a table for customers to see.  I will give them credit and the items were moved half way through our meal.) The food however took a while to come out.  I know this isn't a fast-food place but it took about 25-30 mins  for our 2 burgers and fries to hit the table. (No we didn't do appetizers).  The food was good, but I don't really see what the hype is all about.  Will we eat here again? Maybe, but this won't be on my top 5.
5	If you have been to the original location, you know exactly what to expect.  Only differences I noticed were that this location has much more space and was less crowded when I showed up.  Service was quick, food was cooked perfectly, and everything was great!Banh-Mi Burger ($9.50): Angus Beef, Pork, Shrimp, Lemongrass, Pork Pate, Fresh Herbs, Curry Aioli, Pickled Vegetables and Nuoc Mam Sauce. This was a great burger! Lots of diversity, consistency, and taste...each bite was perfect.  Highly recommended :)Truffle Parmesan Fries ($4.50): Parmesan Reggiano, Black Truffle Porcini Cream and Sun Dried Tomato Aioli. I've had these a long time ago and wasn't too impressed...gave them another go, and felt the same way. Not too much truffle taste here! Go with the Oxtail fries or the Salt & Pepper Garlic fries if you are solo!I've tried quite a few of the other burgers here as well...Shogun was pretty good!  I thought the unagi/eel was a little distracting from the foie gras, but overall a good value and yummy burger at around $25.Come check it out if you haven't already!  A few pics of my recent visit :
5	When we got there, there was a line, it's a fast wait but once you sit down and order the food takes FOREVER. It's not that bad because they provide wifi and TV so you don't get bored.If you go I suggest going with 3 or more people, because the fries is a must to order. (The portion is so big that if you share it between 2 people you'll be full by the time you finish it). Additionally, ALL of their burgers are SO unique that it'd be a waste to just try one. Sharing the burger by splitting it into portions is definitely more worth it. (I tried the spicy miso and Mr. Ho, i would recommend the spicy miso). Secondly I would order any type of drink because their drinks are very refreshing.
4	Came here for lunch the other day and did enjoy it. Love the concept for an Asian fusion burger joint.  The menu had a wide array of unique choices that you can't find anywhere else.  If you love beef, there are many choices for you.  Unfortunately, I don't eat beef (sometimes I do, but have not ate a hamburger in over 10 years).  They did have a a ground chicken / turkey called the lost bird and I have to say it was huge and good.  The bun they used is not your typical burger bun, but what u get when ordering a baked pork bun, if you ever had it.  I loved the bun they used.  Good twist to make it an Asian fusion burger.  Great place and would come back again.
4	The hubs and I stopped in a while ago after reading the reviews.The food is definitely worth it.  Service, maybe not so much.We had the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (OMG YUM!!!), the Bachi Burger, and the Ronin.  All of them were so good!!Docking one star for the service, but the food was top notch.
3	Had the Kiki burger. It was pretty good, but not enough for me to fall in love... but keep in mind I'm comparing the countless burgers I've tasted...and I'm picky.Maybe a different burger next time? I think bachi burger is a bit overhyped. But it was still good and our waiter was sweet.
5	One of the best places I have eaten at in Las Vegas. Excellent Asian fusion burgers, that scared me at first til i got their and saw the attention to detail that they use when preparing the food. The shakes are great and the ability to commingle Asian flavors with great burgers blew me away. Well worth the money and time! Can't wait to get back to Vegas so I can have more
1	We have been here a couple times and it seems like the food quality and service has started to decline.  I guess they are too big now to keep the quality, too bad.
3	Food is great here but sadly the oxtail fries that everyone raves about sent me home with a rash all over my body! Giving 3 stars anyway because the kobe burger I also ordered was delish. I'd come back but sadly I fear another rash.
4	Food was awesome, burger was so yummy.. Parmesan truffle fries- two thumbs up! Waiter was so nice & helpful, being our first time here... Atmosphere wasn't anything special but the food made up for it!
3	Actually, 3-1/2 stars, because of the good service and ultra-clean appearance of the restaurant.Started off with the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries.  I have never been a fan of oxtail because it is too fatty, and I never liked the way it looked in kare-kare (a filipino dish with stewed oxtail). Plus, red meat isn't a regular part of my diet. I had to taste what everyone was raving about. Yum-yum! It had a nice flavor to it, and the texture was melt-in-your mouth good. It absorbed the chili flavor and color well. The crispiness of the fries was a good contrast to the tenderness of the meat. For the sandwich, I ordered The Crusty Crab. It was a little too much on the sweet side for me - the bun kind of reminded me of Hawaiian bread. I kept waiting for savory, but never got it. I felt a little wired after dinner, (hmmm... maybe that was because I had a Vietnamese coffee!) My partner got the Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns. Her main complaint is that it was dry. I tasted it, and it was ok to me. Oh well, she is a real picky eater - it must have been difficult to feed her when she was a child, Lol...We'll be back here, if only to try the other dishes.
4	My experience was not positive the last visit. Ordered one of my favorite burgers and had to spit it out - yuck!  Asked for the manager, Mike, who unwilling to accept the fact that I got a product that was not good. He was arrogant, unwilling to replace the burger or do anything to make the customer "happy".  I will not return, nor will the guests that were with me.
4	So, I'm already a big fan of Bachi Burger as I've visited their Windmill location numerous times. What prompted me to visit this location was based on the last three unsuccessful experiences I had at the other location -- hour-long waits and unhelpful individuals. I almost gave up on Bachi Burger, even though that would have hurt me more than it hurt them. One evening, my friend and I remembered their Summerlin location and fortunately, it was approximately the same distance from our homes, so we decided to give them chance.Our experience was wonderful from start to finish. There was no other parties waiting and we were approached immediately. After checking in with us, we were told that it would be 5-10 minutes (though a little odd since, again, there was no one waiting and half the restaurant was empty tables). We were just happy that it wasn't 45-60 minutes! However, before we could even get comfortable with a Seven magazine, we were escorted to our table with a sincere apology (for the wait) from the hostess. We told her, "Don't be ridiculous, we hardly waited!" Our server was friendly and attentive; we were so delighted.I went with my usual Spicy Miso Burger and Salt & Pepper Garlic Fries. All very, very delicious. For dessert, I opted for a boba milk tea drink. I couldn't decide between Almond and Taro Coconut, so our server recommended a blend of the two, exclaiming that it was her favorite drink! Of course, I had to and it was delicious. I'm definitely coming back, however, to this location only and hopefully they don't let their popularity get to their heads like their sister location.
4	did to go order this evening and they repeated the entire order back to me over the phone which was nice. something odd was they took cc # but i suppose they might have a lot of ppl order togo and not pick it up. windmill location doesnt do that which is quite funny. different clientele perhaps. order was ready when they said it was since i arrived 25 mins after phone call and they quoted 30 mins. food was amazing as always got the kalbi burger and ronin both amazing. dont like kim chee so i substituted japanese coleslaw for it and it turned out good. caesar salad had amazing flavors and i love avocados so nice touch with that in the salad. only downfall was i ordered the parmesean truffle fries and they made salt and pepper fries with ginger on them. i called the restaurant to notify them that someone elses order might be mixed up and they apologized and could tell it was sincere the gentleman asked if they could do anything to make it up. but not a big deal in my eyes. fries were still good just took ginger off. no truffle or parmesan so looking forward to them next time. always a good choice when looking for a burger. side note they label everything when you do a to go order such as caesar dressing, for fries, for ronin, etc. great touch. deserved a little extra tip, being as i did to go orders back in the day i always tip on to go orders. even a $1 or $2 for a cheap meal makes the service staff smile. at least it made me smile.
5	Best burgers in Vegas, Love it. as good as it gets.
5	All I have to say is PORK BELLY!!!! Absolutely amazing!!!!! Excellent service!Awesome food!New local area favorite!! We will back!
5	The Ho, Miyagi-san, and pork buns...all amazing! We loved the asian twist. 3 picky people, all loved it!
5	Burger to come back for again...and again...and again.This is my second time here this week this place is that good. First time I went with the Crusty Crab w mango chutney. Stone blue crab with a Stone arrogant bast ale hit the spot. The flavor combination is what every restaurant pays good consulting money to achieve. 2nd time around I ordered the miyagisan wagyu burger and every bite had a smoky bacon smooth silky chili mayo flavor. Must try. Service always friendly helping me out with extra napkins for these "worth-the-mess" gems of a meal. Family fiendly too.
5	if you're into flavor with a slight asian twist then this place is a must!, their oxtail chili cheese fries are a delicious mixture of sweet and chili spice along with their signature banh-mi burger that infuses lemongrass, pork pate and fresh herbs, ..oh  those pork belly steam buns are outrageously awesome!
4	Loved it!!! pretty amazing burgers I really liked the ambiance very family friendly, I was not a fan of the fries but I did like the sauces. I went with a big party so we had pretty much every appetizer in the menu and my favorite was the sausage. The chili fries are huge and could be ordered as a meal but warning, they were a bit spicy. The chicken was alright and the calamari was alright. I had the burger with the fried onions and it was delicious, very flavorful! over all I liked it and the servers were nice.
5	Their burgers taste different from any burger joint. I really enjoyed every bite of their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries & Kiki's Burger. I love, love, love it. It's a MUST taste restaurant.
3	This was my first visit to Bachi Burger. I was impressed by the friendly staff and the customer service. The waiter was very knowlegeable, friendly and efficient. We visited on a Saturday afternoon. It was busy, but not overly crowded. We were seated in timely fashion and the waiter was there for drink orders quickly. The food was unique and very tasty.  I think it was a little pricy, as my thirteen dollar burger did not include fries which were an additional charge. Forty-one dollars for lunch for two without alcohol or appetizers is a little on the high side for me, however the side orders of french fries were probably big enough for two to split. I would have rated four stars had it not been for the leak in the ceiling that we were seated under. When we brought the leak to the hostess's attention, she responded with "well, we've had problems with that in the past".
5	It seems like I end up here every time I'm in Vegas.  The burgers are great! ... Different from what I'm used to with the Asian flare, but excellent!!! Wasn't quite sure how I was going to like having kimchi on my burger, but my brother said it was delicious, so, I tried it.  And, for the first time in his life, he was right! Had another burger with an egg and something else on it, and it was fantastic too!I really like plain old burgers and cheeseburgers like 5 Guys and In N Out, etc., but for a really excellent gourmet burger treat, this place is super!!! Will be back...repeatedly.
1	Friday night 730 surprised there is a 30 minute wait? YES when half the tables are empty..... Why does this place have such crapy service?
5	Ooooh Bachi, I keep coming back for you. You are the reason why we go to Las Vegas...lolThe best burger place ever! Will not say anymore, you just need to try it for yourself. Always packed:)
4	This place is awesome for a great quality burger without having to go all the way down to the strip! Oxtail fries, spicy shishito pepper burger was awesome, and my boyfriend and his friend loved the mr miyagi burger ! Said it was really delish and his friend had it with a veggie patty and said it was just as good. You must order the onion rings as well, they are they bet I've had. Tempura style!Service- he had alot of tables by himself so a slow start, however things picked up quickly and I was definitely satisfied! Why not 5 stars? There was an overwhelming sewer smell when we first walked in. I mean awful... Luckily we got used to it after a couple minutes lol. Overall- go for it! Yummmm. We will be back!
5	Happy hour from 3-6, wish I would've known!
5	AMAZING get the kiki or miso burger yum! And they have my favorite beer!
5	Great Place to eat.. Great customer service as well as the greatest Burgers and Oxtail fries in town.
4	I have a love hate relationship with Bachi Burger.  Food: I've been here a couple of times and there is still not a burger that I would call my favorite or go-to burger.  All of the burgers are over $10 and they are cooked with a lot of unique Asian ingredients.  I recently had the Banh Mi inspired burger and it came with a fish sauce to dip in.  It was pretty good.  I had one in the past that was served on a purple taro bun.  Very interesting.  Sometimes I feel that there is so much going on in the burger that I kinda get lost in all the tastes trying to decipher the flavors.   I do love their oxtail chili cheese fries though.  Skinny fries slathered with soft oxtail meat and chili.  There is a crapload of scallions and a sunny side egg on top.  Delicious!I usually come when we have visitors from LA and need to take them somewhere that will satisfy everyone, LA loves their asian fusion burgers and tacos lol.  (FYI They are building a Bachi Burger on Sawtelle in LA!)  It is kinda pricy to just come here to pick up a burger but it is a crowd pleaser.  My main gripe is there is often a long wait and a lot of tables available.  This kinda angers me and other people have experienced this problem too!  Fill your restaurant and don't tease me with empty tables that you don't plan on using.
3	The food was hands down, superb. I didn't get the hype over the oxtail fries, tastes like any chili cheese fries to me, however, it was still very good. I got the Spicy Miso Burger, tasted amazing. It was moist and they used the miso flavor very well. The reason for the three stars is because my group of friends received terrible service. I don't recall our server's name, he never introduced himself. But this guy just did not seem like he wanted to be there. He couldn't recall any of the milkshake flavors (turns out they don't have a regular chocolate milkshake, and the server had to come back and tell us that, guess he didn't know that in the first place). He literally replied with "chocolate peanuts butter, strawberry and something...I don't know." Well geez, don't you work there? He also forgot to add on the extra party that my friend ordered, and my friend decided to go without since it would've taken another 5-10 minutes to make. When it came to the check, I told him specifically what amounts is like split, he still got it wrong.My group resorted to asking other servers around us if they had a regular milk tea (apparently they only have flavored...makes you wonder if it's all powder back there), and another server to grab ours so that we could ask for the check. All the other servers there seemed lovely and helpful, even the new guy, but ours was downright unpleasant. I'll probably eat here again...just to go!!
4	Great place! Super enjoy the food. The oxtail chili cheese fries are soooooo good! The black and green burger is my fave because I adore bleu cheese and I absolutely love the pineapple ketchup!!
5	The food was amazing, the service was awesome, my server helped me pick out somethin super yummy since I had never been here before, he was so nice and helpful, and the almond milk tea with boba was soooooo good lol
5	All the times that I've been here, I was never let down with their food. I believe they deserve a review & 5 stars. I can honestly say EVERY burger is good here. I have tried the Kiki's, Ronin, and spicy miso. So far all have been amazing. Burgers range $10-15. You get to add extra toppings so i always add a fried egg or caramelized bacon on it. Highly recommend the Chili Oxtail Fries as a starter. You can't get it anywhere else! Its a huge serving so sharing would be good. Or try the salt & pepper fries for a smaller serving. They also have bachi bites added to their menu now for happy hour, so little plates if your not feeling a burger. The salted marshmellow milkshake is to die for. I love this place! The only thing I would say is on some days the food might take a while, but if u got good company, you wouldn't even notice.
2	I came across Bachi Burger after watching a film at the movie theater next door. A couple co-workers told me how great Bachi Burger is so I decided to try it out. In all honesty, I have no idea what all the buzz is all about. The food was mediocre in flavor and their shakes are mediocre. I don't think I'll be coming back after reading one reviewer having issues getting a $1.50 cole slaw removed from their bill. Restaurants who would rather nickel and dime their customers instead of trying to win their loyalty doesn't get my business. I can choose another place to get my burger fix.
4	The burger with blue cheese was yummy but the garlic pepper fres were delicious
4	If you like burgers that are boring, this isnt the place for you,  If you like some really cool, fun flavors go to bachi.  I love these burgers, the Spicy Miso, the banh mi (spelling?), the oxtail fries (cant believe I even tried them now I cant not order them),Have eaten at both locations and except for occasional below average service, you can get a great burger, salad and fries.
4	Bachi Burger is hands down has the best tasting burgers I've ever eaten at a restaurant. What is it that I love about Bachi Burger? The fact that I can have Wagyu patty burgers with any of their superb combination of toppings. So why am I giving it 4 stars? Its simply because the food is very pricy for what you get. Don't get me wrong, the portions are reasonably sized; however, the amount you pay for what you're getting and the amount you're getting is a bit unbalanced. You pay roughly $14 for a single burger with no sides included and you pay roughly $5 for fries with a truffle sauce. So your meal of burger + fries already comes out to be $19 not including tip+tax or drinks/dessert.But enough of the bad, this restaurant lives up to its reputation in terms of food + service. I've always been professionally served by my waiters and waitresses. They are kind and always attentive the few times I've been here. The food has always been consistently good too. I usually ask for medium-rare to medium depending on my mood and my burgers have always come out perfectly every time. I also love the blends of flavor that they created in their menu. I usually have a hard time deciding what my palate wants when I read their menu. The ambiance is also nice here. The atmosphere is not too loud, although I was seated by one noisy table once. The seats are comfortable and they usually have ESPN/Food Network playing on their televisions.All in all, if your wallet can afford Bachi Burger, I highly recommend it. Its a great treat to take yourself and a date to every once in a while.
1	My first...my last...my nothing! Placed order and waited over an hour to be told they lost our ticket and to keep waiting. Five other tables of people who came after us had already ate and left. The server and manager offered to comp our water and iced tea. Ha ha! Really? No thanks. Never again!  What really sucked was that we told the server this was our first time there and was really looking forward to it. Brutal Service!
3	Interesting place to eat. Sorta the Baskin and Robbins of burger flavor spins. I had the Banh Mi burger. It was actually very delicious. The oxtail fries were different. Never thought of using oxtails for the meat in chili, but why not? However, all in all, I will likely not return because the service was very, very slow. I couldn't understand why we had to wait 20 minutes (or longer) to be served the beer we ordered. The food started coming before we got our beer. Ridiculous!
4	The fusion idea of western burger with asian flair equals superb quality and delightful masterpiece on everyones palate. What i love about this place is the relaxed and cozy atmosphere, the aroma of the burgers that is truly engaging and inviting whether you are a "meatatarian" or vegetarian, there is a burger that would suit you. Their burgers were really cooked to juicy perfection combined with truffles fries and pineapple ketchup on the side, what is there to ask for... Thumbs up!
4	Good food but the service was slow..I would go back for the food but not in the near future. The place was really crowded which is a good sign and was also the reason why it took 15 minutes for us to get our check after we asked for it. The food is kind of expensive for what you get and my hubby's beer was 10 bucks so do not expect that you will be walking out with under 20 dollar tab as that is what you will pay for one person
5	Most unique burgers I have ever eaten however extremely delish!!!! The staff was very very friendly and the service was great. The restaurant itself is clean and modern. Price is a little steep for a hamburger but the quality definitely out weighs the price.
5	Absolutely outstanding.  We shared a whole lot of burger and an order of the oxtail chili cheese fries, that are just as ridiculous and ridiculously good as they sound.  I have not a single complaint about anything we had.  Can't wait for a return engagement.
5	Exciting choices, unbelievable flavors, winner winner pants on fire! Ronin burger and Spicy Miso burger bursting with juice and flavors. Total awesome cooking.
4	It's been a hot minute since I've been to Bachi Burger! Hunnie Bunnie and I just finished watching Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 next door at Regal and it was either hot dogs at Buldogi's or burgers here and HB picked burgers! For starters we ordered the Bachi Pickles - NOT really a fan of these but I did like the garlic and the carrots were OK. Also had to get the shishito peppers! Can't go wrong with these - I love these things! And then I moved on to the Pork Belly Steamed Buns and the Shogun Burger, mmm Foie Gras! The steamed buns were REALLY good! I love me some pork belly! My God! And my burgers was definitely a knife and fork burger, lots of toppings and totally messy and really good! The foie gras was so tender and rich! Holy schmokes. HB got the kids cheese burger - this entree is great because it comes with the burger, fries AND fruit! Nom nom!
5	This place was killer. By far the best burger I have ever had in my life. I had the Miyagi sans wagyu burger. It was amazing. I can't wait to go back. I also tried the truuffle parmesan fries. There good but I didn't love them. This place was so worth just for the burger though.
4	Warning this place gets packed! We got there when it opend and there was a stampede of people, i figured it would peter out but by the time we left the line was out the door and down the hall!! Damn this better be good. It is. The food is different, the flavors are hard to describe but good lord are they good. If you want mickey Ds or in and out go there if you want something delicous (yes a bit more pricey) then this is the place. Service is superb, the food magnificent and well worth the trip out of the way from the strip and the ordinary junk. How can i put it burgers with a twist.
5	DDDHad another great meal at Bachi Burger.  Eight of us went last Sunday night.  Was not too busy and got seated within a few minutes.Started with both the Duck and Pork Belly buns (divine) and the homemade Japanese pickles, six varieties and always great.Our party had a variety of the burgers, and everyone enjoyed.  If you really want a well constructed, delicious burger, this is the place!  Enjoy!!
5	My, oh my. Get anything that the waiter/waitress recommends. Like any burger with Wangyu beef (however it's spelled). Watch out though, it could get pricey really fast. like.. $50 for two fast.
4	Just tried Bachi Burger with a friend. Short - creative Asian fusion burgers that taste great but leave your wallet a bit lighter than you would expect.We started with pork belly steamed buns  (bao). They were very tasty, but the pork belly was a bit tough and didn't have a crisp sear on it. The addition of soft boiled egg slice was a nice touch and the flavors were good.For our mains we ordered the Kiki burger with waygu and the Bahn-mi burger plus a side of sweet potato fries.Both burgers were excellent but the Bahn-mi burger was the star. It's a beef, pork and shrimp patty that comes on a bun stuffed with Vietnamese herbs and a side of fish sauce for dipping, really unique and super tasty.The sweet potato fries were a bit soggy. It's nice to see they are cut fresh in house,  but they need to be a bit thinner or dusted in starch to get crispy. I wouldn't recommend them. We followed up with Portuguese donuts and Coconut panna cotta for dessert.The donuts were good, although nothing special.The coconut panna cotta desert special was not good, it just tasted bland. There was a blueberry coulis on the plate that was delicious, but it was such a small amount that it was gone after the first bite.The prices here seem high relative to what they are serving. The $16 burger turns into $21 when you add fries for example. Watch what you order as the prices will add up fast.Overall this is a fun and original upscale burger place that you should definitely try at least once, but the prices may be prohibitive for most locals to make this a regular spot. There's very little value for your money to be had here, despite the dishes being hit or miss.
3	Was really looking forward to coming here after seeing this place showcased on Food Network and reading many positive reviews on Yelp.  I was a bit disappointed however with my experience at this Bachi Burger. The  burger I had was so so, nothing I would come back for, the after taste from eating it reminded me of the burger for longer than I would have liked. Also had the infamous ox tail chili fries which was good and I would recommend. Ambience was a kind of like Applebee's, lot of screaming kids in there which kind of took away from enjoying my meal. Bottom line place is average, I think you can find a better burger for half price elsewhere in town.
2	After hearing and reading so many good reviews of this place, I had to give it a try. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I'll start with the good:-They have a good variety of burgers and they are big enough to split if you are planning on having sides as well. (note: you have to order the sides separately) -I split the meatless burger which was pretty good. I could have done without the huge piece of fried tofu that was layered on top.-The onion rings are SO good. Definitely order a side. They are sliced thin and have a nice crisp.Here's the bad:-The truffle fries were soggy...would not recommend -The kids menu is limited to 2 things: a $9 kids burger and an $8 "grilled cheese" which was basically a hamburger bun with melted cheese. My kid took one bite and put it down. The kid's burger was burned on the outside and pink on the inside but my other kid liked it anyway. -They don't have any pickles! They do offer a funky mix of pickled vegetables but it just didn't taste quite right.-It's a bit on the pricey side for a not so classy joint.The ugly:The service was pretty bad. The waitstaff was very awkward and so was the manager. Not personable AT ALL. Absolutely no personalities. I paid attention and not one person on the staff that interacted with our table smiled...not once. I was with a group of 4 other women and 2 very well behaved kids. They looked depressed and annoyed half the time. When I told the manager that they should make it more clear that the kid's grilled cheese is not traditional and is on a thick bun he just looked at me with a straight face and said "okay". He wasn't necessarily rude...just so bland. The hostess that sat us needed to brush her hair...she looked like she just rolled out of bed. She wouldn't even make eye contact.I could go on and on but the bottom line is that your food can be amazing but, if the service stinks, you won't want to go back for seconds.(This may have been an off day for this place. The other reviews seem to be very good. Whatever the case, it wasn't an experience I'd want to pay for again. There are plenty of other burger joints in the sea!)
4	Another TV trophy burger place!I ordered the Classic bachi BBQ angus 7.5 oz burger. Tastes like a very refined Teri burger, with good beef. Red onions thinly sliced and crisp lettuce in a brioche bun. Overall a very balanced, hearty burger. 4 starsTruffle Parmesan fries with a light Parmesan dusting.  Solid but not exceptional. 3.5 stars.Asian influences in the decoration. Service efficient and polite. Capacity at about 80- 100 guests.Located in the interior of a moderate sized shopping center.  Ample lot parking.I would come back. I'd like to try the duck in steamed buns!
5	I can't wait 'til the next time I go to Vegas and can eat here again. Oxtail fries are good, but the duck bao beats it! The salt & pepper garlic fries and truffle parmesan fries are also really good. Literally seems like everything you order there is good! The boyfriend and I could barely split and finish the myagi-sans wagyu burger because we were so full from all the other items our greedy stomachs ate! Needless to say, my hungover stomach was very happy and I'm sure my friends tummies were too!
3	After leaving Coronado Beach, I was so upset to come back to Vegas and have crap access to good restaurants. So I tried Bachi. The food was pretty good. I felt like I'd gained 30 pounds and blocked a few arteries after my meal, but... it's a burger joint.. I love the grass-fed option. I won't give it 5 stars, because it was a bit greasy for my liking, but nothing near 5 Guys' status. It was $39 for 2 meals. Pricey but nothing insane. Great option to have in Vegas!
4	Its great to have a sit down burger place. They have amazing burger and their signature fries. I ordererd the blue cheese burger with out the onions and was heaven I use to be a strip burger fun but not anymore. Bobby the server was amazing he goes above and beyond to please his guests. This is my new favorite burger place
2	A bit overhyped. Got there before 6, slow service, only 2 people working. Ordered the oxtail chilli cheese fries, Kiki burger medium with over easy egg, and myagi-san burger medium with over easy egg. Fries are awesome, that's why it's 2 stars instead of 1. However both burgers were over cooked and so were the eggs. The burgers leave more to be desired for, especially at close to $14. Also they have happy hour 3-6 but didn't tell us that or give us a menu. Overall if the food was cooked better the way we wanted it I would rate it higher. But you have to make the food the way it was ordered. I'd skip it
5	Best burgers in Vegas!  Come here at least once or twice a month and it never disappoints.  Sometimes it can be busy but patience definitely pays off.  Really enjoy the ox tail chili cheese fries and the Miyagi San burger is my all time favorite burger anywhere.
4	Obviously Bachi Burger is doing something right if they have the money to continuously remodel, make renovations and open new locations. I been coming here for about 2/3 years now (normally at the Windmill location) and I never been dissatisfied! Don't think for a second its just any burger joint though.. Bachi serves American-Asian infused gourmet burgers. Every burger on the menu will have a surprise Asian ingredient, may sound weird on a burger.. but actually works!I recommend the.. Banh Mi Burger - my favorite, its almost like a Vietnamese sandwich.. hence.. "banh mi" burger lol! Looove it! Must must must eat it with the fish sauce.Shogun Burger - for all you eel lovers out there (me included), you'll love this one!Pork Belly Buns / Duck - Either one, both are delicious. (3 pc shared appetizer)Parmesan Truffle Fries - It comes with a mayo based sauce to dip with, but I like it with the pineapple ketchup.I would try some of the beers too, I personally haven't tasted any myself, but my friends say its some of the best beer they ever had, as well as their special non-alcoholic beverages. This place  gets really packed around dinner time so be prepared to wait a little.
5	Oxtail fries......In short........YUM!Oh my the burgers are awesome!Cannot wait until the next trip over Thanksgiving.....who cares about Turkey when Bachi Burger is all you need!
2	Went on a Saturday Night with a group of 12, the staff was over whelmed and uninviting.   Service staff was slow and not personable, waiter seemed as though he was bothered we came in.  Food was good but experience overall was bad due to the wait staff.  Unwilling to remove food from bill when items were not as ordered.  No manager available, and condensation leaking from A/C on to tables and guests.   Will not revisit this location but will try others for the food and a better dining experience.
5	Absolutly amazing!!!
5	Had the Ronin Burger.  Great beef.  Great asian flavor topped with a fried egg.  Was soooo delicious.  Had a garlic aioli on the side that was unbelievable.  They have great burgers.  Kicks everyone's burger butt!!!
4	This is my new burger joint!!! HAVE to try the miyagi san grass fed burger!! wil not disappoint :) yummy! my server mike was really cool about recommendations on the food and he knew his beers! definitely coming back guys!! keep it up!!
5	I love this location compared to the Windmill one!  There is more seating capacity and little to no wait most of the time.  The menu also seem to be more extensive with seasonal specials as well.  I've waited over an hour on the weekends at the Windmill site....which puts a downer on the eating experience.  Most of the burgers are $10-13 and I think a lot tastier than some pricier burgers you can get on the strip.  My all time favorite is the Miyagi-san burger with the wagyu beef, fried egg, onion rings, and furikake.  The flavor balance is perfect and the soft fluffy char siu bun completes the package.  I branched out this last visit and tried Mr. Ho's burger and I was pleasantly surprised by the taro bun which I like even more than the original bun they have.  However, I wasn't a big fan of the pork/beef combo and wish they had more lap cheong (Chinese sausage).  My favorite appetizer/side item is the oxtail chili fries that comes with a sunny side egg that you mix into the piping hot combination (big enough to share between 4 people).  I may forgo the Windmill site for the rest of my eating life now that I've discovered this location.
5	This place definitely lives up to the hype and stellar reputation. After I saw them on an episode of Triple D, a visit to Bachi was highly warranted during my recent visit last week to Vegas. They're located 7 miles west of the Las Vegas Blvd. on Sahara Ave inside a huge shopping center. Though a little ways from strip, it's not far of a drive and took us about 15 minutes to get here.We arrived mid-afternoon on Saturday and were seated fairly quickly, waiting only 5 minutes for our table. The place presents a casual, laid-back atmosphere with a modern feel that compliments their unique Asian fusion style menu. You can choose from a variety of gourmet type burgers or simply build your own; and compared to most high end burger joints, prices are reasonable considering the quality of food you receive.For starters, we ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and pork belly steamed buns which came highly recommended by our server -Oxtail chili cheese fries ($11.50) - this top selling item was awesome and delicious. The chili really makes this dish standout so flavorful, sweet and spicy. Using oxtail instead of traditional ground beef adds richness and appropriate texture to the chili, complimenting the light crisp fries. I love the way the egg yolk oozes over the chili when you break into it. It felt like I was eating luxurious French boudin fries. Very savory and exquisite.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HzPMWDKQZw-5RjpfUICxRA&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTgPork belly steamed buns ($10) - Thick cuts of pork belly nestled inside 3 soft pillowy buns and amped up with a boiled egg for the ultimate deliciousness was scrumptious.  The perfect foundation for any great Asian bun. You get a nice balance of sweet and tanginess from Chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin which works well with pork and vegetables.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WuQ91GCuI00TwNG_nXNLLA&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTgI've eaten a lot of good burgers and I'm amazed to say that these have got to be the best I have eaten anywhere, including some in LA. The buns on both of these dishes were huge, and presentation was great. We ended up ordering the Bachi and Miyagi-San Wagyu burger which were both well crafted and on point -Miyagi-San Wagyu Burger ($15) - infused with Furikake seasoning and priced a few dollars more, this kobe beef quality patty was freaking delicious. It was cooked perfectly medium with a nice crust and pink in the middle. Of course, you can't go wrong with a fried egg which to be the norm nowadays. It offers a buttery, rich flavor that makes the basis for any tasty burgers.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=5KMqeSMu9yyz5gO8BWUR-w&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTgBachi burger ($13) - It came with standard lettuce, tomato, and red onion. For $4.50 more it was upgraded with apple wood smoked bacon, shredded onions and cheddar cheese ($1.50 each extra for each item). The burger was juicy, tender and so good! Everything held together nicely without getting to messy. Each bite was heavenly.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=otpbLYzI-V5l-W4fXALoag&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTgTo wash it down, we ordered the salted/caramel shake ($6) with toasted marshmallows. It was smaller portion than we're used to seeing (maybe 12 oz glass), but very delicious. They have wonderful selection of craft beers and premium sake, which added to our yummy the dining experience. The 22 oz Sapporo Draft ($6) paired well with the beer and chili fries.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KeHL8-6ZQdi9DFKNkyRdmQ&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTghttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IkLn0ClatO7yflj4mqumaQ&userid=M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTgAll in all, this restaurant did not disappoint. Service was excellent, the atmosphere was cheerful and the food was remarkable. Triple D was dead on with this one. It is a bit out of the way, but definitely worth the drive. We will definitely return.
5	Rarely do I ever crave or want to go get a burger (blasphemous to some of you I know) However, whenever in Vegas this is definitely a MUST stop place on the way home. My go to burger is the Miyagi San which is a grass fed "Wagyu" burger with Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake ,Caramelized Bacon, and Crispy Onion Rings. DELISH! Always cooked just right with just the right amount of everything. Get that burger alongside some regular or sweet potati fries and a shake... BAM! in food heaven.Definitely worth the hype
3	My friends are have their B'day party here on December 7th, I thought I would go try their Happy Hour menu. First no one was there at the front to greet me when I walked in, after few minutes I was seated. It took another 5 minutes before a waiter came by. I ordered the Furikake  Teriyaki steak-cut fries for $3. The fries was okay, I think they just fried the fries & put Mr. Yoshida's sauce with some sesame seed. Then I ordered the Crispy Calamari, I told the waiter, Bobby that it was okay. Bobby said he didn't believe me. I ordered Calamari every where I go, Fleming's is a great place to get Calamari, If you ever want to have good calamari, this place isn't it. The good news is that at least Bobby didn't call me a liar!! I must say that their Kiki's Burger is really good. Believe me, I want this restaurant to be successful. My parents owned a Chinese/Japanese restaurant for 18 years. It's so hard to please customers. I was not happy to be charged $8 for the Crispy Calamari. That's on their Happy Hour menu.  In this town their are many restaurants that offer better Happy Hour foods. I hope by December 7th, for my friends party, they will have better Happy Hour appetizers. I really hope this restaurant will have better service on December 7th. You will be impressed with their Kiki's Burger.
5	Came here on recommendation from a friend. Now I always stop here because their food is amazing. Ronin burger, banh mi burger and pork belly steamed buns are awesome. Tried their oxtail fries and it was pretty good though i still prefer the truffle and sweet potato fries but that's just my preference. Hands down, this is my fav burger spot in Vegas.
4	The burger and fries were outstanding! You can taste the difference in the Wagyu beef. The Fukusturu beer from Rogue brewery was clean and a perfect complement to the Black n Green and Banh Mi burgers. Service was great although a little rough around the edges in some respects. Why not 5 stars? I don't know, I reserve that for flawless evenings where everything is perfect and the ones I love are truly happy.
4	Interesting and unique take on the gourmet burger craze. Incredibly well executed and insanely delicious. Ive had the Spicy Miso burger and the Kiki's burger. I the Spicy Miso is hands down the best burger Ive had in Las Vegas since I started coming here for work every other week since April '13. Ive had at least one burger on each trip at a new place and Ive come back to only 2 places so far and this is one of them (The other is Hubert Keller's Burger Bar for his namesake burger, also incredible). If you can get yourself off the strip, the burger is worth it. The only reason I give it 4 stars is the service leaves something to be desired. Very rushed and both times way understaffed. Not unfriendly, but just not at the level it should be for a sit down burger joint of this caliber.
5	I LOVEEEEE this place!!! They have the best oxtail fries i have EVER eaten. The burgers are different, tasty, delicious and pretty big. My husband and I shared a burger, oxtail fries and duck bun. They truly know how to perfectly cook the burger to the finest taste. This place is very popular and does get packed really fast. My 1st visit we waited over 2 hours to get seated but now i go after midnight and there is no wait what so ever. It's great that they open till 2am. Every vegas trip from now on Bachi Burger is a must have before we go home.
5	Everything was perfect. We started off with the chili fries happy hour special for $6. Amazing! Both of our burgers were great and cooked perfectly. Best burgers in town for a affordable price. Great service too!
1	On Nov. 29, 2013, Fri, we were extremely excited to dine at Bachi Burger since it would be our first time.  And to say that we were satisfied with our meal is to say the least.  We were not disappointed with the food, the burgers were really good and the steamed buns with pork belly was awesome.  However, the appetizers were ok...nothing exciting.  I would actually give the food a 4.5 stars.Now on to the service...this is the reason for the 1 star.  I am TRUELY upset with the service of the Summerlin location.  The wait time to be seated was decent.  After we were seated and finally ordered our food, we waited 45 mins to just be served our appetizers.  The restaurant wasn't even crowded, there was still a station that was closed and they were not seating anyone there.  We were so hungry by the time we got our food, we excitedly ate it and enjoyed it very much.  So we didn't even notice that we did not get our calamari.  Being satisfied and full, we paid our $159.99 bill, along with the automatic 18% gratuity of $26.64, totalling $186.63 and left. When we got home, I had looked at the receipt and realized that we never received our $12 calamari appetizer.  With that, I called Bachi Burger right away to let them know what had happened and the hostess that answered the call said that they were TOO BUSY to have me talk to the restaurant manager and that she would have him call me back later on that night when they slowed down.  So of course I waited and did not receive a call back.  I then called on Saturday when they opened and was able to speak to the restaurant manager, PHYROM.  I told him what had happened and explained that I had called the night before and let him know that we not receive our calamari appetizer.  He then started to interrogate me as to why I did not bring it up when we were there.  I explained that we were excited about being there, extremely hungry due to our 45 min wait, and then being satisfied at the end.  In not so many words, he basically accused me of lying about it.  REALLY?!!!! I would seriously call that night and then the next day to lie about not getting our appetizer.  If the appetizer was say $5 I could care less about calling back but this was the most expensive item on our bill.  All PHYROM kept saying was "you have to understand my point, why did you not tell us at the time of your meal that you did not receive your appetizer?"  I basically told him that all I want is to get the $12 refund and that's it.  I guess PHYROM got tired of my complaining so he said that he would research it and give me a call back on Monday, Dec. 2nd.  So today is Dec 7th and I still haven't gotten a call back from PHYROM.  So I guess his answer to me is "you're one family and your satisfaction doesn't matter us".  So my answer back is a BIG MIDDLE FINGER TO YOU AND YOUR RESTAURANT CAUSE I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!!!!!!  CAUSE ONE BAD REVIEW DOESN'T COUNT when all the others are over 4 stars.
4	While I hear their burgers are divine and one of the best burgers ever, I can only review the pork belly steamed buns and chili fries. I couldn't get a burger because I just had a burger 2 hours before. Dammit!Regardless, the pork belly buns? Delicious. So tender but at that point I was so full, I had to stuff the last one down. But the point is, I was willing to make the sacrifice.I'm not a big fan of beans so you can guess how the chili fries went for me. I can see how they'd be interesting for fans of beans though.One thing about this place is your entire party has to be there to be seated which is kind of lame.Other than that, service is pretty good and the line isn't too bad considering this is the one further from the strip.
1	If I'm judging purely on value, it's a zero star.  The place is just super expensive, and you're paying for faux ambiance instead of quality.  Ask yourself - why am I going to this restaurant?If your answer is food, try Smashburger.  If your answer is that you want sake-infused hockey pucks of beef, then sit down and enjoy your overpriced Grade D meat.
4	When I want a quick burger fix, I go to In-N-Out. But because I was in Vegas, I was told that Bachi Burger was the place to check out. My friend and I dropped by and sat at the bar and looked at the list of burgers and was ready.Because the two of us could eat, we ordered:1 Miyagi san Wagyu burger (you really can't go wrong with any of the burgers)1 Kiki burger1 Parmesan truffle fries1 Oxtail chili fries1 Steamed pork buns (it came with three and I seriously could've had six)And because it was my birthday, the server brought me deep fried donuts with coffee flavored ice cream.With bellies full, my friend and I made our way out feeling good despite the $40 taxi ride from the Paris hotel to the restaurant.
3	Items selected:Foie Gras, Apple/Celery/Cranberry Salad, Duck-Cherry FritterChili Fried Chicken, Ginger, Garlic, ShoyuOxtail Chili Cheese Fries - Garlic Aioli, Fried EggSalted Caramel Marshmallow ShakePeking Style Duck Bao - Cilantro, Scallion, Radish, Boiled Egg, Black Vinaigrette, Hoisin BBQKiki's Burger - Angus, Sauteed Shiitake, Enoki, Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Sweet Onion Marmalade, Aged GruyerePortuguese Donuts with Coffee GelatoGenerally eschewing ground meats it was for myself something beyond Angus, Kobe and Wagyu that brought me to the Summerlin location of local darling Bachi Burger on Sunday, though I will say from the start that the "Kiki's Burger" ordered by my mother was potentially the best dish in an afternoon where only a single dish failed to impress despite the best efforts of our server to misinterpret the phrase "please course things out and do not bring everything at once."  A surprisingly large space featuring slick woods and polished surfaces throughout it was just after 3:00pm when we arrived for late lunch/early dinner and selecting widely from the menu inclusive of a $15 foie gras appetizer it was with the hunger derived from nearly 8 hours of unpacking that we waited, only to have every single plate arrive simultaneously thirty minutes later resulting in both an overloaded table and tough choices about what would taste best at room temperature or below.  Focusing on the food it should be noted that much of what was ordered actually came to the table exceptionally well prepared and beginning with the foie gras I was immediately impressed by the quality and presentation, a single vein the only flaw in an otherwise Robuchon-quality prep featuring a caramelized medallion alongside a semi-sweet salad plus creamy, rich croquette and moving next to crispy, complex chicken alongside the equally crisp but decidedly spicy fries it was with good fortune that the milk shake, albeit small, was present to quell the heat.  Overlooking the spongy, dense bao and tepid duck entirely lacking for crisp skin and instead assisting my mother with the lightly charred burger topped with woodsy mushrooms and aromatic marmalade it was perhaps with recollections of the zeppole at Settebello the day prior that I ordered the doughnuts and although not quite as impressive, the eggy brioche stood strong beneath a dense lacquer of sugar rounding out a fairly impressive afternoon largely warranting the $75 tab, if not a significant tip.
5	Oxtail Chili Fries - YES.  I've ordered it once before... several months ago... and then again during my last visit during Thanksgiving weekend.  I thought it was great back then, it was even better the second time (much more oxtail meat this time around).Crusty Crab - Yes, please, more.I've had one burger here the last time - truffle burger?  I don't remember.  Either we added an egg or it came with it - either way, it was amazing.I came here with my cousin, who is very much a fast food type of burger guy and he was seriously blown away.  Before I could even finish Instagramming my crab cake burger, he was 3/4 the way done with his burger.  Seriously - I can't imagine you could possibly go wrong with any burger on the menu.  It is seriously divine.Service - top notch.  I came here on Thanksgiving weekend and it appeared to be really busy or just understaffed.  The food was seriously worth the wait and the staff was very very friendly and helpful.  They were not as attentive as I would have liked (which was completely understandable given their circumstance as previously mentioned), but if you are observant, you can see that they were absolutely trying their best and hardest to accommodate the demand.  Five stars for the pulling through and their efforts.  They kept their cool and didn't let it get to them.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely be coming back with more friends and family for delicious burger goodness.
1	Would have given a negative star rating if possible.   Was asked to wait till everyone in our party arrived to be seated but the restaurant was only 1/2 full.    We asked if we could get a drink while we waited and was told again we need to wait till the rest of our party arrived.   We had a party of 4 and 2 of us were there.   Ggggrrrrr..... don't you want to make money?    We heard good things about this place as far as food goes but if this is the service. ....I say the food is not worth it.   We left and went to 808 tapa 2 doors down.   Great service from when we walked in the door.   Sorry Bachi.....bachi on you for bad service.   I'll be sure to tell everyone back home (Hawaii) to skip this place.  Too bad the owner is from Hawaii.
3	The Wagyu Burger is delicious and I order it every time 5/5.  The Plantation Style Iced Tea w/ pineapple juice and mint is excellent 5/5.  The service on multiple occasions has lacked so that's why 3 stars for this Bachi Burger location.
4	Recommended by a friend, and found myself here when on a business trip. I shared the Kiki's burger and the oxtail chili cheese fries with a friend. It was big enough to get us both full.I think it's a great place to stop by if you're looking for quality food. Everything was affordable, especially compared to things on the Strip.
5	I've had four different burgers here and they've all been delicious.As for appetizers, I definitely recommend the oxtail chili cheese fries.
5	Burgers with an Asian flair... what's not to like!  I got the Spicy Miso Burger.  It wasn't spicy, but boy was it flavorful!  Some may think it's a little salty but I happen to be a salt fanatic so I thought it was perfect! We also got the garlic parmesan truffle fries.  And after devouring that, we had to try the oxtail chili cheese fries as its seems all of my fellow yelpers raved about those fries!  They were outstanding!  The only thing though is that I like my fries thicker.... the fries were skinny and thin - like McDonald's fries.  I prefer the crinkle fries or something at least that thick but nonetheless the flavors were still amazing!  The prices are somewhat high for burgers but that's because you're not just getting a burger. It really is a meal.  And this is not your typical burger joint - it is a restaurant.  So no it's not a counter where you order your burger and have your own tray and take it to go or sit inside.  It's a restaurant with a menu and servers....probably why it's a little more pricey as opposed to let's say In and Out. But if you like burgers, then you have to give Bachi Burger a try.
4	Been to this place twice with wifey and friends. Very busy but always good service. Tonight tried the Ox tail chili fries, was really good. Also went for the Shogun burger which has poached Asian pear amongst other things, was fantastic! This place is worth the visit.
3	The menu is very original, love the sound of everything. I got the Kiki burger and my hubby got Black and Green burger. They both tasted just OK, neither is in my top 10 burger list. Location was good, plenty of parking. But the food to me was nothing special.
5	One of the best burger joints around! I had the Kiki Burger which was delicious and flavorful. Great ambience as well. They even offer an assortment Boba Teas and coffee. I will definitely be back to try one of them or both.
5	This is me and my Hubbie's favorite place to go for date nights. The food and staff have never been disappointing. Growing up in Hawaii, this place gives us a little taste of home. We also make it a point to bring any out-of-town guests here to show them there is more to Vegas than "The Strip." I highly recommend doing the same with your guests.
4	mmm, I love burgers. I came here for dinner after eating smashburger the night before and then a burger from honey salt at lunch. So.... I'm kinda obsessed with burgers. I had wanted to try this place out after seeing it on the food network, especially since the oxtail chili fries were on there. I loved them, they were really delicious! I also shared a burger since I pretty much ate all the fries. I got the miyagi burger, and I really enjoyed the mixture of flavors and the burger was perfectly cooked. Try this place out! Service was really slow though when I was here, but the manager apologized and gave my friend and I two free drinks :)
5	Best burgers I've ever tasted. Everything here is good. I love the truffled fries. I try something new each time and I never regret coming here. Bachi is truly amazing.
5	I really love the food here. To start off, they have a great beer selection and plenty of sake. Check whatever seasonal beers they have. Nice appetizers, especially the oxtail chili cheese fries and the sausages. The pork belly steamed buns are like sliders so they're also a good appetizer for three.Amazing burgers. You can get a standard burger on bun with lettuce and tomato if that's all you want, and I'm sure it'd be great. But this is a place to have fun pushing your culinary boundaries. The specialty burgers here are amazing so be adventurous! At least try the Black & Green Burger. I love the Ronin Burger and the Miyagi-san's Burger.
4	Deeeeelicious.  It took about 10 minutes to put in our order on a Saturday afternoon. I felt kind of bad for looking for the waitress, but the host even noticed that our order wasn't taken yet. But still no waitress. I had to ask another employee to find out who is supposed to take our order. Another waitress, seemed a little pissed off, took out order. Turns out, it wasn't even supposed to be her. Hopefully no one spit in our food... anyway, the food was delicious like always. My yuzu aioli had a discolored layer on top, but luckily the french fries came with a fresh aioli cup, so I used that one. Besides that, I took some first-time bachi burger people with me and they loved the food. Loved it to the point of overeating bc it tasted soo good. I think I still prefer the one in Henderson better, but this branch is definitely larger. Will be returning... To the Henderson one most likely!
5	If you want hi quality burgers then Bachi Burger is the place to go. Angus beef or Wagyu burgers, pork belly buns for appetizers and oxtail Chili cheeses fries!
5	This place was a find I watch triple DDD and I was NOT disappointed!!! Great service and I love love love their burgers, my daughter love the grilled cheese and veggies. I go back every chance I get do not have enough   Great things to say about it except TRY IT AND U will never find another burger like it
5	Weekday for lunch, lots of empty tables and no wait whatsoever. Lots of parking as it is located, like so many other Vegas restaurants, in a strip mall.I don't know how you can come here and not get the Shogun burger. I mean, it's a burger. With foie gras.  I don't understand the question. However, fair warning, the burger is pretty rich and I think if we hadn't gone halvsies with another burger that involved a taro bun which was interesting, I definitely wouldn't have been able to finish an entire Shogun burger by myself. We also ordered the oxtail chili fries which was huge and basically impossible to finish. After this super rich lunch, I was very happy but also just wanted to unbutton my pants and lie down for a few hours. Also they have a nice beer and sake menu.
4	We had the Kiki burger, delicious. Truffle fries were good. Onion rings were ok. A little on the greasy side. Next time we won't order two fried sides. The burger was really good. I'd like to return to try their happy hour. All in all it was a great meal.
4	Visited this place a while back.  Just getting to the review.Burger...Ordered the Black & Green Burger.  Very good.  Cooked to proper temp with all the toppings flavors coming through.  A very well made burger.Sides....Chili Cheese Fries.Very tasty, but seemed a little over rated.  The oxtail was a nice touch.Pork Belly Steamed Buns.A few more of these can be a meal.  A real treat.As far as the restaurant and the employees.  Everyone was real nice and helpful.  The waiter seemed to know the menu and was available to answer any questions.When we pulled up, we could see the smoke coming out of the kitchen.  This is a good thing.  The smell was sweet burger heaven.
3	After reading the many reviews, I was so excited to try this place. I went on Monday night and didn't have to wait long. We ordered the ronin and Kiki burger with truffle fries. After placing our order, we saw a plate of oxtail fries go by and decided we had to get them. We flagged down our waiter and asked him if we could get the oxtail fries instead of the truffle fries. He responded with that he already placed the order and it's probably too late to change our order. This was less than 5min of placing our order. So, he walked away and updated us 10min later that our food would be coming any minute now. So, we asked him if he was able to amend our order and he replied with, after taking our initial order, he put it in right away and you can't make any changes. If he were to have made changes he would have to pay out of pocket for the $5 fries we originally wanted. Excuse me? When have you ever gone to a restaurant where they can't accommodate you and the waitstaff would have to pay out of pocket because a customer changed their mind? When is it ever acceptable to respond that way to a paying customer? Isn't this a customer service industry? I understand if we waited and food was already served, not being able to change your order, but this was seriously within minutes of placing our order we wanted to change. And we are talking about fries here! We filled out the form they give you with the bill if you'd like the manager to call you and I even called the next day and left my name and number for the manager. No call back and it's already been 5 days. I am so disappointed at this place. The food was good and reasonably priced. You can really taste the freshness of the food. After experiencing the lack of customer service, I would never want to eat at this establishment ever again.
4	Parents... take your kids to McDonald's ... let the adults enjoy a nice burger experience.The place was very busy... we waited 30-35 minutes.. not a big deal. We expected it to be popular since it was on Triple D. Our server was very nice and accommodating.  The atmosphere was a little loud but not obnoxious. The table full of kids next to us was annoying... SMH! Food...   the burgers were very flavorful and we really enjoyed the fries. Both were cooked as we requested and all in all.. it was a nice experience.I would recommend this place to others. Well worth a visit if you want to enjoy a great burger with a variety of flavors.
3	Server lost order. That happens, hopefully not often. Manager and server very apologetic and comped the food but found the food when it finally arrived to be just ok. Salt and pepper fries warm, mediocre at best. Two burgers were ok. Looked better than they tasted, a little greasy. Seems overrated.
4	It is a long wait but truly worth it. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Just what my tastebuds needed. The oxtail chilli fries were great. A must try.
2	I have never been disappointed with my food here or at any Bachi Burger location. The food is always amazing to say the least. But the service is almost sub par. When we received our appetizer, we weren't given plates to eat it on, or silverware to eat it with. Our waiter didn't come to check on us at all the whole time we ate. Someone else brought our food, and someone else filled our water glass, ONCE. We waited quite a while for our check. All the servers were in the back chatting amongst themselves I saw none of them out checking on any tables at all. It was happy hour and no one told us or gave us a menu, we found it out in our own. I myself am a server, I do this for a living and I was embarrassed by the lack of pride taken by the wait staff. This is not the first time I have had below average service at the Summerlin location. As I look at the reviews it seems I am not the only one who notices the bad service. I hope it catches on and something is done to fix it.
1	Dont buy into the hype. The service at this place is terrible. Waiters barely even talk to you. like "hey, what do you want?" they really give you the f- off vibe. food is way overhyped and expensive. Really the worst place i have been to in awhile. Seriously, stay away. Also i dont think waiting 20 minutes for a check and then another 10 to get my credit card back is very reasonble, especially when they are not that busy. Thanks botchi burger. ill spell the name right when you get it right.
1	Most pretentious place I have EVER eaten. The chef "doesn't believe in ranch dressing". 3/4 of the items on the menu have ingredients that you can only pronounce if you are fluent in every language in Europe and Asia. I hope that this review saves at least one person from eating here.
4	Simply put...The food is amazing... I love the miyagi son burger and the pork belly steam buns... Everything here is amazing and is different than any other burger place i have tried... Definitely a must visit to anyone coming to Las Vegas...My only concern is the service, if it wasn't for the amazing food i would never come to this place. The wait staff really seem to not be helpful although the managers seem to be making the rounds checking on the guests...  Such a shame that this place cant be perfect because of the wait staff...If you wanna try something new and very different but dont want to risk not liking it, go to Bachi Burger...
5	It's seriously a great place. The staff (besides the hostess) is great and friendly. They were so accommodating after we were given a wobbly table. Not only did they quickly move us at our request, a few guys ran out to quickly fix it. They're awesome and efficient! We got our food fast, but mind you, we went at a slow time. But still nice!You can taste the quality of the beef, the side dishes and sauces are amazing. It is such great quality food. And I spend the same as I would've spent on a basic burger at Chili's or BJ's but for 10x the quality food! I think there are some burgers over $20 but you can get a basic one for $7-13 or so which is fantastic. The Parmesan fries were amazing as well, I recommend them over the simpler fries.My only opinion (and this isn't their fault at all...they deserve the best rating) is that they have so many great flavors in all their foods that it's almost overwhelming. I ordered the Kiki's Burger and tasted so many amazing flavors in it but at the same time, there was TOO much going on so it tasted very sweet. Of course this is the appeal of this place, their exotic flavors, so it's just my personal opinion. I think next time I'll order a more basic burger because for me, I'd prefer 2 or 3 amazing flavors than 5 or 6 in one dish. If you aren't coming here for a quality burger, you're wasting your time at other places ;-)
5	I am so glad we came here! I saw this place on Triple D and I have been having wet dreams about it ever since ;) We tried the truffle Parmesan fries, kikis burger and the bahn mi. I'm glad I went with other yelpers recommendations because I really loved the kikis burger. The Bahn Mi was also good, but just a little dry and on the sweet side for me, but my husband loved it. Either way, everything was amazing and our server, Marquis was great. And the truffles fries and apple lychee soda were excellent as well. I just wish we could have tried more and didn't have to drive 6 hours to have it again. Boo! :)
5	I heard great things about the Bachi Fish Burger. So since this was my first visit here I ordered the Bachi Fish Burger with Sweet Potato Fries.  I was NOT disappointed.  The burger was huge! The bun tasted like it was freshly made, soft and moist. The fish was cooked perfectly, nice and flaky, moist and mild tasting.  The fries were served with a citrus dipping sauce which was an excellent combination.  The service was great!
4	The salt and pepper garlic fries are very good. They do offer unique burgers. Tried the Ronin Burger and was good now trying the Miyagi burger for a change. But all the items on the menu do have a promising look so I'm excited to keep coming back here.
4	Service was excellent. The garlic Parmesan French fries were good. I had the BBQ burger and it was meh. Far from horrible, but it was nothing to turn flips over.
4	Hmm.... I thought this place was trying to be a Unami burger place.   I just wasn't feeling it.   Burger was definitely above average for food in Las Vegas not the best I've had of the new fusion-type burgers.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would. The burger was drenched in teriyaki sauce and was way too salty. It was way over priced too. I was expecting the best burger ever but it didn't taste as good as it looked. I rather eat In n Out. Oh yeah the Ox tail chili fries were good but they were cold like it was sitting around for 10-15 minutes.
4	I really like the food here. The service is also great once you're seated. I used to come here almost every Sunday funday for happy hour (cheap, delicious sangria). Every time though, awkward situation with the host/hostess situation. Perhaps they've fixed it by now.I always ordered the mushroom patty burger (forget the name). Super delicious. Seriously, ground mushroom patty here is amazing. It's wicked. They have cheaper/smaller apps on happy hour menu, oxtail chili fries! Complete with an egg on top. My boyfriend and I could never stop eating these, even if it meant stuffing our bellies pre-burgers. If you like sangria, try both. I love the white, but red is great, too.Like I said, our waitress is always great. My drink is never empty, and we rarely had the same girl. Odd part, as I also mentioned, is getting seated. There are tons of empty tables, but we'd wait 15 minutes to get seated. Every time. A few times, we'd wait so long the hostess would forget and seat someone who rolled in after us first, and we'd have to remind her we weren't waiting for pickup or just chilling there for the hell of it. Really awkward. So...not sure what's up...however, don't avoid this place because of it. I came back to eat, the situation before being seated is just like sitting in traffic to get here. You deal.
2	I have been to this location a handful of times but idk if I will be coming back mainly because of the oscars...so this is what happened:My bf and I ask our waiter if he can turn one of the tv to abc so we can watch the Oscars while we eat. The waiter goes n the back and says yes they will change it. So we get our appetizer of oxtail fries and the channel still hasn't changed. We basically finish the platter and still haven't seen our waiter 2 remind him about the channel so we flag down another waiter. This waiter says something like we don't change the channel and y would u want 2 watch it with out volume but I will see what we can do.By this time our burgers come out. I am semi enjoying my Kiki burger when our first waiter approaches. He remembers that he was going 2 change the channel and ask us y the channel hasn't changed. OMG @ this point we just ask for our check and leave.Idk what the big deal was it was 530 on a Sunday with 3 other people in the restaurant and they were not even facing the tv.I doubt we will return.
4	All my friends who went to Vegas seemed to have made a stop at this joint so I made it a point to check it out.  Looking at the menu, there were so many things I wanted to order and it took me a while to decide because everything sounded so appealing.  Finally went for the Miyagi-san burger and we also ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries.  Definite comfort food!!!  Loved it and I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the other stuff on the menu.  This particular location was in a plaza so there's plenty of parking, which is always a plus.
4	I've been to Bachi Burger three times now, and I absolutely LOVE it here! I brought my man here (he's from Utah) and he's definitely in love with this place more than I am. They serve gourmet burgers here and yes, they're on the pricey side BUT it's worth it because of the quality of the foodies that they serve here. Quality of food: DELICIOUS! I usually get the Kiki Burger (I haven't tried any others), and it never disappoints. There's loads of flavor and the meat is just so tender and juicy! I almost always pair it up with the Parmesan Truffle Fries. BOMB DOT COM EXPLOSION IN YO' MOUTH! I actually tried the Salt & Pepper Garlic Fries today & it's still pretty delicious! I still prefer the Truffle Fries over it. My man and our daughter get the sweet potato fries - And they love it! I've tried it and I actually really like it as well. Service: Variable, and this is the reason why I docked a star from them. Because the food is made to order, it takes awhile. But HEY! Not complaining because when you taste that burger.. Oh goodness, you'll be in Heaven! Servers are actually really friendly here, and they're accommodating. They check up on you every so often.Other than their variable service, what's there NOT to like about this place? Great ambiance plus great food is definitely what'll keep me coming back.
5	Happy Hour is where it's at. Red Sangria for me, and delicious. This was my first visit and I was very impressed. The waiter wasn't spectacular but he did take care of us so they don't lose any stars for that. The food was delicious, veggie burger definitely a must try. I don't eat meat so this was such a treat for me! The fries were pretty damn awesome too.I will definitely be back. And most likely during happy hour :)
4	Sometimes fusion flavors don't work on everyone's palate as was our case with the sweet potato fries and yuzu aoli. They accommodated us by switching it out for the pineapple ketchup. Split the mushroom burger which was mushroomy and tasty. It was a-ok. The most notable part of our visit was the green salt in the salt shaker which we were told was bamboo salt. Neat!
4	Been here more than a few times and the food is pretty consistent: hot, well seasoned and just makes you feel all nice on the inside. Worry about calories when you're walking to your car.  I always go back and forth between the Kiki's and Spicy miso burger, and both have their own distinct flavors. Definitely not your average burgers. If you're lucky, the fried egg on the spicy miso will still be kind of runny and that just adds to the experience. Also, truffle fries are the bomb dot com. Only issue I have is that the servers are nice but sometimes it seems like they're understaffed because service can get really slow.
4	This is cool.  Very different way to look at a hamburger.  Ordered 3 dishes that no way complimented each other yet all 3 were very good.   Had the burger with foie gras and it was fantastic  Burger was cooked perfectly.   All the components worked well together.  Give this place a try you wont be disappointed.
4	My brother brought me and my bf here, and we definitely loved it. The only downside is that most of the burgers are on the sweet side, which I don't prefer. But, they did have a savory burger, which hit the spot! It's called the Black & Green Burger. I always like my burger prepared this way (smoky sharp cheese such as blue and gouda with some spring mix greens and vinaigrette).Their appetizers are also very indulgent. My personal favorite is the truffle parmesan french fries. It tastes the same as the truffle parmesan fries at Eat Chow in Newport Beach, but I think it has a stronger flavor than Eat Chow. We also got their famous Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. This is good if you like meat on the sweet side combined with your traditional chili cheese fries.Overall, good burger place in Las Vegas if you're looking for burger places like the ones in LA.
3	I wish they had a reasonably priced lunch menu.  I work around the corner and have wanted to try this place forever.  it was good, and if I could have gotten out of there for 15 bucks, I would say it was really good.  but, the menu is so limited and the only burger I really wanted came with kobe beef.  add some fries (no drink) and a tip and I was out 25 bucks.  the burger was slightly overcooked.  salt and pepper fries were very good.  service was fine.  it's a one-time kind of place for me.
5	Hands down one of the best burger places and burgers I've ever had. What I love most is that each burger is truly an individual. Each burger patty is seasoned according to the burger choice you order. I've so far tried the Kiki burger, the miyagisan, and the Ronin burger... And they all individually taste different and amazing. The oxtail chili cheese fries are a must try and the Parmesan truffle French fries are amazing. It's not a cheap meal, but you definitely get your bang for your buck kinda meal. If you're looking for something unique to Vegas and a memorable dining experience Bachi Burger has my vote for best burger joint in Vegas
2	This review is about the service & not the food...Had dinner with my two friends & my 10 month old daughter last night. We were seated promptly & waters were given right away. I thought "how nice, they brought my daughter a plastic cup with straw for water!".  My third friend came a few minutes later. I didn't notice until our server mentioned it, but there were only 2 menus. I had told her there were 3 adults & the baby. Ok, no biggie. My guy friend had never been there before. He asked our server what kind of cheese is gruyere? She states "white cheese". Awkward silence. I explained to him it's more of a pungent cheese with a sharp flavor. So, the fries came out before the burgers which was great because we were starving. The burgers came out quickly as well. The food is usually really yummy & it was last night too!So, the aforementioned plastic cup for my daughter was a big hit with her. All she wanted to do was drink from this cup. Well, my daughter dropped the cup and water went everywhere on the floor. Thankfully, there wasn't anyone next to us on either side. The server came by to check on us & I asked her if she had any rags for me to clean up the water. She came by with a few napkins & then saw the mess. She tried to to sop the water up with the few napkins, then realized a mop would be better. Well the mop never came. Mind you when the water dropped, another server was walking by & saw the whole thing. He ignored us. Our server came by twice to tell us "we will clean when you leave, you probably don't wanna exit over here since it's wet". Ok thanks for pointing that out. So, the plates were not even cleared for dinner when out came our check. I gotta tell you, my last review I raved about the dessert I had! I may have even dreamed about it for a week! I wasn't planning on having any last night but to not even be asked was a major insult. Sorry, my daughter spilled the water. Sh*t happens. My friend asked while we were leaving, "how come our server asked that other table if they wanted dessert?". That was the last blow. I ended up tipping 22% since we had the water mess. I should have written a note "if it wasn't for my daughter spilling the water, you wouldn't even have received 15%." Looking back, I shouldn't have left the 22%. Will I be back? Probably. But not for a while. The food is good but when you receive bad service, the food can't always save it.
5	If I could give 10 stars I would. We have tried some Diners, Drive Ins and Dives restaurants before with unsatisfying results. However, we were in the area and I had to try it. So glad that we did. My burger was THE BEST BURGER that I've ever had. Then I tried my wife's burger which was equally phenomenal. You have to go here if you are in Vegas. The service was great as well. Will be back again for sure!
2	I'm writing this hoping someone reads it and saves this great restaurant. I love the burgers here. Mine was great. My wife ordered hers protein style and all the lettuce came out coated in oil. She's ordered it this way before, and it's never been served with oil. Forget about sending it back, we would never see it again.The host was setting the tables up for doom. Too many tables sat at the same time in the same servers section made it a 10 minute wait for drinks. Oh and pointing to my table from across the room doesn't feel like seating me.Our server forgot our drinks twice, and when our burgers finally did come, it only took another ten minutes for our fries to arrive. After we had to ask about them. I watched two other tables sending back food. I loved your food, but I'm not headed back anytime soon, last night felt like a waste of money to me.
5	My first time here and I have to say I was absolutely amazed. The atmosphere was very chill. I ordered the green and black burger. It was to die for. The bread melted in my mouth and the best part was the meat was grade fed beef so it was so tender and juicy!!! I will never want to order another burger unless its here. I would recommend this place for a gourmet burger over any other restaurant so far!!!
4	Bachi Burger is pretty consistent. We've been here a few times and can't complain. Their burgers are asian-esque and honestly, if you throw a fried egg in any burger, sandwich, pita pocket, what have you... odds are, I'm going to love it. The burgers are delicious. The shoe string fries are delicious. The lychee green tea (i think?) is refreshing. But the oxtail chili cheese fries are where its AT! They give you a a very generous amount and it can easily feed 3-4 people or just a really hungry (and selfish) ME. (but I guess I'll share)Funny, because after I ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, I saw them on an episode of Triple D. I got to watch how they make the cheese fries and was surprised that they add semi sweet (or was it dark) chocolate chips! So deliciously weird and you'd never know but I bet it makes one hell of a difference!The service is quaint. Polite. Quiet. Accommodating. Nothing mind blowing, but when you put an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries in front of us, nothing can really ruin the mood.
4	We were a party of 5. Had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated (not bad for a Friday night at 6 PM). I've eaten at the Bachi Burger in Henderson. also crowded and very busy. but in Henderson, the serving staff was friendly and welcoming. The waitress we had in Summerlin was almost hostile from the moment we sat down. The restaurant was very noisy, so it was hard to hear what was being said by the folks at the other end of the table. Our Kiki burger was very good. we also ordered the duck sliders to share. They came on a bao. While the bao was good, the duck was not. The fries were ordered to be made crispy. They were not. None the less, the sweet potato fries were outstanding as were the truffle fries.So the 4 star rating was for the high quality burger and the excellent fries. I couldn't give a 5 star rating due to the rude server and the noise (a pity since it it next door to my favorite movie theater). I will go back to the Henderson Bachi Burger, not the Summerlin location.
5	Spicy miso burger.... Best burger I have ever eaten! Still having dreams about this perfectly cooked little bite of heaven. Oxtail chili cheese fries.... Yummmm. Very impressed will be back soon!
5	LIVES UP TO THE HYPE  I'm not a fan of burgers, but this, this has become a favorite! We ordered 2 Ronin Burgers, 2 Miyagi-sans, 1 Bahn Mi Burger, an order of the infamous oxtail chili cheese fries, and the salt and pepper garlic fries.And might I say, we pretty much enjoyed everything and ordered some to-go. Our service was excellent. Will be coming back here for sure!
3	I dont understand the hype. Service is slow and inconsistent.  Our server forgot to bring our drinks, we got fries and our pepper appetizer at the same time. Who eats fries before the burger? Our burgers were cooked well but goodness there is way too much going on in a burger to say it's tasty.  Too much flavor overwhelms, sometimes minimal is good.  Environment is hip and sleek.
4	I was in town visiting for a few days and came across Bachi Burger while out with my husband and son. I had no idea what to expect when we walked in, but I was pretty happy to see the menu had a large selection and even a kid's menu. It was obvious to me as a Hawaii resident that the owner/chef must have been from Hawaii as well based on their menu. I had the customized Wagyu burger and it was delicious! The buns are buttery and a little sweet; I would buy their bread separately if I could. We also had the garlic fries which were okay. It tasted more like parsley than garlic, but my husband loved the garlic aioli sauce it came with. He had the pork bao buns which were cooked to perfect. The buns were steamed perfect and the pork belly just melted in your mouth. I also had the haupia coconut panna cotta which was also perfection. Service was fantastic and the restaurant is definitely kid-friendly, a major plus for our two-year-old son.
1	I assumed that the manager/business owner would at the very minimum extend an invite to try this place out again and give it another try, but it doesn't look like that is happening.  Its important to see which businesses in the area truly care about their customer experience.
4	Always amazing...as all Bachi Burgers are! We ordered:Shishito peppers: It came with a sweet sauce and it was smokey in flavor with a bit of FIYAH! as you get closer towards the stem (those sneaky seeds...) absolutely amazing...especially in between bites of burger!Kurobuta sausages: Tasted very similar to hot dogs, yet at the same time, not quite. Very salty and sodium-filled, if you like extra savory apps. The mustard that came with it def cut down on the overwhelming saltiness and made it much more delightful though.Kiki burger: I love shrooms (no not those kind!) and this really made my day. Delicious, juicy patty, oozing with deliciousness, topped with equally appetizing medley of mushrooms (all types!). I killed my burger within minutes! Yummiest burger ever!!I had a great experience here, just as I did at the other location, and I can't wait to be back! Definitely a MUST-GO when you are in Vegas :)
5	Great over and over.  I've eaten in and today took out. Great burger.  Good service,  clean atmosphere with cool young staff. I ordered well done because I'm pregnant and it was correct!  Had to sub out guyere cheese for swiss and they didn't miss that either.  I can never complain about Bachi Burger!
5	Awesome food and open late, enough said.
5	What's better than burgers? Asian-infused BURGERS!I love the fact that there's no waiting whenever I go here (I go around 8 o'clock). I'm usually seated right away which is already a good sign. We ordered the truffle parmesan fries with a special sauce that was to die for. I love the texture of the fries - not too crunchy, but not soggy.I ordered a Kiki's burger last time I was here, so decided I wanted to try something new. Me and my boyfriend got the Miyagi burger and let me tell you it deserves a black belt. I love the fried onions with bacon and fried egg. Just thinking about it makes my mouth salivate, haha. It reminded me of a more sophisticated Tamago burger (from Fuku). I love this place and my boyfriend does too so we will definitely be back. We still have tons of burgers and entrees to try!
5	Back again! This time I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger along with the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. Although the burger was good it didn't "blow me away" I thought about giving this trip only 4 stars but then I remembered the OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES!! It definitely  blew me away! Back to 5 stars easily! I actually had a brain fart by asking the server if we could get a half order because I saw the sign outside that they offered half order oxtail chili cheese fries for happy hour. Thank God he said no, because I don't think I could share a half order with my gf! We would be fighting! LOLNext time I'll stick with the Bahn Mi or Kalbi burger. Yes NEXT TIME!!Oh yeah my gf ordered her usual Kiki Burger.
5	Best burgers I've ever had.   I will definitely be coming back.    Truffle Parmesan fries and mocha almond fudge shake are the Bomb.  4 thumbs upMiagi burger is my fav.
2	We enjoyed the windmill location so we figure we would give this one a shot since it's closer to home.  Walked in and was not greeted very politely by the host.  Almost as if we were a nuisance.  So we left.  I guess my money isn't good at this location.  Oh well, enjoyed Archies thai food better anyway.
5	Soooo good!Food A++. I tried the Miyagi San and my friend tried the Mr. Ho. We also got to try the  truffle fries. The food was delicious. The burger was well cooked and tasty.Service was also really good. Our waiter was nice and accommodating. He always made sure that we got what we needed.A must try if going to Las Vegas!
3	This place is ok, but I definitely don't get the hype that surrounds it- there are 1/2 dozen or more places on the strip that are substantially better. Many reviewers go here frequently it looks like- I have only been twice but based on those visits I won't be returning. Everyone raves about the Oxtail cheese fries- but the ones I ordered were essentially mush. The cheese was extremely greasy- something I would usually be all for- but they lacked any clear flavor and the fries disintegrated if you tried to pick them up. I consider myself a bit of a cheese fry connoisseur- I didn't attend 7 years of cheese fry medical school to be called Mr.- so this really hurt the rating for me. The addition of cheese to fries is a sacred act in my religion and must be treated with respect. Truffle fries- these were much better.I have had two burgers there-the spicy miso and the Ronin. Both came a tad overcooked (grey throughout when ordered medium rare). The flavor wasn't that strong - I don't know a better way to put it- the burger just tasted weak. Service- as other reviewers have mentioned at least the Summerlin location is not very busy/it is easy to get a table. However, despite not being full the service was not very attentive. The meals probably took an extra 30-45 minutes due to slow ordering/check bringing etc.
5	I highly suggest you try the oxtail fries. The burgers are all great and at over $10 bucks per burger, it better be. I go here at least once a month and every time I go the food is great. The service is either spot on or bad depending on how busy it is. Overall still great.
1	Horrible! The burgers are extremely small and not even very tasty I will never go here again! Ok service but the food was nothing special. Also over priced for the tiny portions they give you.
3	Went here on a Monday for dinner at around 6:30...it took half an hour to 40 minutes just to receive the Salt and Pepper fries...it took another Half to get our burger.  I got the Kiki Burger and my other half got the Kalibi Burger.  There wasn't too many people at the restaurant but I think they were understaffed?  We had our waiter stop by and apologize for the service and that it will take a few minutes for our food.  Good thing is they did comp us another set of Salt and Pepper fries for the wait...although the second batch wasn't as tasty as the first.  They had more cilantro in the second batch than they did in the first.Kiki Burger - it was okay.  Nothing really too good about it but nothing bad either.  I tried it for the mushroom, I was in a mushroom mood.  I did like the kimchi from the Kalbi Burger (it was served on the side in a little dish).  I didn't get to try that burger.Overall the food was okay, was told the one on Windmill is better.  Wouldn't come back only because the service took forever...an hour to wait for food is a little much, they did apologize, and I'm sure it's an "off" day...OH also tried their Lychee Milk Tea.  Not the greatest...more like Milk Tea than Lychee.
5	Holy huge! Share a burger! Got the truffle fried - they were meh. Maybe just a bad batch? Got the spicy miso burger and subbed the wagyu beef - it was delicious! Staff is friendly and helpful. I also like that they use real ramekins for all the sauces and they have a lot so that they don't waste all that plastic:)
2	If it's not broke.. Don't fix it.I have been to Bachi multiple times.. And this last time, well it's my LAST. My server was incredibly robotic and has zero personality. Way to create an experience! We ordered our burgers and fries... The fries were pathetic, and that's my favorite part about this place, how sad. The burgers.. Still good but not a kick in your mouth of flavor. This place has changed and gone downhill.. Pretty disappointing.
4	If you are between having a burger or Asian food, this place can address both of your cravings.  Very unique food.  This place is usually busy on a Saturday night; that's a good sign!
4	Yes, it was a good burger. It's not your traditional ketchup , mustard  and mayo combination. They have turned a ordinary burger into a flavor experience. If you enjoy a regular burger , it might take you a bit to acquire the different flavors these burgers bring. Over all, very different but flavorful. Small Kids will not likely enjoy a place like Bachi so plan to make it a date spot
5	Second time here and I'm still not disappointed. Had the Ronin Burger. I must say it's a tasty burger, but I liked the Miyagi-san's grass Fed Wagyu burger better. I won't stop here, I'll try something different next time. Maybe there's a hidden treasure for me or maybe the Miyagi-San's burger is the burger for me. Also tried the Pork Belly steamed buns. I'm not big on pork, but what the neck, I'm in Las Vegas, I have to try something out of my comfort zone. They were good! Good to poach outside sometimes.
5	If you're craving a delicious burger, Bachi Burger has the most intense flavored sandwiches. Meat, fish, chicken, and no meat burgers (vegan friendly.) large beer selection and great sides along with the great service, I highly recommend Bachi Burger.I got the flavor packed Spicy Miso Burger (Angus Beef/Onions/Shishito Pepper/Mayo/Lettuce/Roasted Garlic/Cheese/Fried Egg/Apple Vinaigrette) with a side of delicious Truffle Parmesan Fries. Everything about this burger was perfect, starting with the super soft bun to the fried egg.
4	So good! What else need I say. Decor nice, service good, and the food one of the freshest examples of culinary bliss. Get a beer, new take on a burger some garlic fries and enjoy.
2	WAIT TIME SUCKS. They take forever, at most, 1/4-1/3 of the restaurant was filled with customers. They took our orders quickly, but we waited about 30-35min. I understand good food take a while..but..I'll tell you more about my 'cooked' food a bit later. There were only two people in our party. Parmesan truffle fries are delicious. And ronin burger. My burger was a little TOO pink for medium-well. Sadly this was not the first time that happened to me at this same location. And they forgot my husbands tea completely. Service could definitely be much better. Such a shame. The only thing they do have going for them is the deliciousness of their food and ambience.
4	This place is amazing. Be prepared to be a bit clueless while perusing the menu, so many interesting items you've never heard of (thai sweet tea?). Interesting fry variations. A bit pricey but reasonable considering the ingredients and effort in the presentations.
4	Excellent food and service.  The Banh Mi burger was amazingly good.  The Oxtail french fries are a must have.  The decor is a bit strange with this large wall dividing the half of the restaurant.  Giving it 4 out of 5 stars because you can't get a domestic beer.  Asian/American fusion.....may want to offer a couple domestic beers.   The food is outstanding.  Give it a shot!
4	Oh Bachi, I didn't want to love you. But love you, I did.My brother was visiting and Bachi was a must do on his list. So off we went.We ordered a kids menu grilled cheese and fries, oxtail fries, fried calamari, bahn mi burger, kalbi burger and bachi fish burger. Since it was our first time, we all shared our food since we wanted to try a little bit of everything. I actually loved everything except the oxtail fries. They were good, but I wasn't impressed. The fried calamari was good. However, you get such a small plate for $12. Definitely not the best calamari I have had in town, so for the price I would pass on this.The bahn mi burger was Amazing. I could really taste all the flavors expected out of a bahn mi and the burger itself was juicy and cooked perfectly. Nuoc cham for a dipping sauce too? Oh yeah, you can't go wrong.The kalbi burger was Delicious as well, just a little bit salty. I was a huge fan of the cucumber kimchi served on the side. I wanted more of that. I couldn't get enough.The fish burger did not let us down either. It was very moist and delectable. The winner for me was my son loving his kid friendly meal. It is important that a kid meal is actually kid friendly and I wasn't too sure at first but his grilled cheese was perfect. Cheese melted in between a hamburger bun with a side of fries. My only complaint - too expensive. So yeah, I am on the Bachi Burger Train. We shall return. And return soon.
4	Wow!! Bachi burger proved to me that you don't always have to be a restaurant on the strip to be AWESOME! We decided to try something new rather than the same old restaurants on the Las Vegas strip the first night we got in. We've been always been going to the same places every time we come so we decided to change it up. Since I've heard such good things about Bachi, we decided to make the trek out the strip to some random plaza I would say 5-10 off the strip.Upon walking in, Bachi is a fusion between Asian and modern cuisine. I decided to try their oxtail chili cheese fries and shogun burger and the bf ordered the black and green burger. The oxtail chili cheese fries were the highlight of the night!!! The oxtail was tender and flavorful and the mixture of chili was a little sweet and egg to top it off was the perfect amount of salty you needed! Ugh I just want to go back for those chili cheese fries!! My shogun burger was amazing!! Huge piece of foie gras within the burger perfectly seared and nice and fatty!! So good! I definitely would love to come back and try their other burgers! Their bun is so soft and they pair the best ingredients inside of it!! Such unique and great flavors!!
5	delicious juicy burgers! Great service! Every bite was amazing from the burgers to the oxtail fries. The duck buns were okay, id recommend the pork buns.
5	The burgers are of the highest quality, with an Asian flair. The oxtail chili cheese fries are amazing and bountiful enough to share. Bachi pickles are a fun, light opener to any meal. Today I tried to white peach sangria, and Portuguese sausages which were also fun appetizers.the bottomless matcha green tea is the best I've ever had! Oopps....time for dessert!
2	Decided to try this place after a few recommendations from some friends, As soon as we walked in, we noticed that it wasn't too busy and assumed that we would be able to get more attentive service. When the host asked if it was just us two, he seemed to have an attitude and looked bothered. When we were seated we were given water right away and asked if we wanted anything else to drink and that's when everything went bad. We decided right away what we wanted from looking at the menu on line and closed our menus to show that we were ready. After about four minutes we timed to see how long it was actually take someone to notice that we were ready to order. Again, it was not very busy and a lot of the servers were just walking about aimlessly and didn't give us a second look. After 8 minutes we were just amazed that no one even attempted to ask us what we wanted. After 11 minutes of waiting my girlfriend finally asked one of the girls clearing the table if someone could please take our order. Now, I understand when a place is busy and you might have to wait a few minutes or even remind your waiter you're ready, but when you have a bunch of people in the back who give the appearance of not doing anything but chatting and just walking around is not acceptable. Once we finally ordered our food from our server who apologized for the wait, we thought that everything would be OK from there. Again we were wrong. We decided to try the oxtail fries, spicy miso burger, and the miyagi. The oxtail fries were alright and landed up being the only appetizing part of our meal. The miyagi burger was just OK. It was pretty greasy and I could barely taste any of the bacon. The spicy miso burger was not good at all. It was not remotely spicy and after eating less than half the burger, it started to taste really soggy. We opened the burger up and the meat was just falling apart and looked like mush. It was more rare than medium. At this point, it was about an hour that we had been there. We didn't want to send the burger back for fear of having to wait longer when we just wanted to leave. Finally the check came and again we waited another ten minutes before my girlfriend had to hail the waitress to ring us out. She apologized again but at this point, apologies didn't mean anything. We might've just come here on an "off" night but even off nights have some redeeming quality. I will not be coming back to this place ever and was very disappointed.
4	Came back for the second time, not like how I remembered it.  maybe it's just me, because everybody else loved it, came for lunch. No waiting.  always good in Vegas!!
4	This place is well worth it. We had three burgersOxtail chili fries Spicy misoMiyagi San grass fed Waygu Kiki Of the 4, by far, oxtail fries was amazingly good. I love oxtail and this was a great take on it! As for the burgers, I really enjoyed the Kiki the best. The mushrooms and the sauce had a lot of flavor. The one they sell the most was the miyagi, which was good, the crunch from the onion rings were good, and the flavor of the yolk mixed well. Spicy miso for me was just another burger. The shredded lettuce overpowered the whole burger, and wasn't the most pleasant over power flavor. The burgers were really big. Between three people this was more than enough food, I think 5 people could have split all this food and had a good bite of each and still be just full. I think for flavor, I still like Unami burger for the juiciness of the meat, but I think you get more value and more uniqueness for what you pay.
2	If you like going to clubs, you will love this place. If you value good service, a friendly attitude, really good food, and a good value, go somewhere else.This is a classic case of poor management. Both times I went there, we found tables available, but were told to wait 15-20 minutes.The first time, I had a plane to catch. By the time I was seated, and they finally came over to take our order, I had to leave.The second time, I gave them a chance. Long wait, and by the time one of the "hip" waitresses came over, the ice in my soft drink had melted. The burgers were decent, but honestly, there is a Japanese Burger truck that goes to various locations. It's a lot better, a lot more fun, and better priced. As I said before, the crowd that goes here seems really "in" and "trendy", and act like they are sitting at VIP Tables in a Club.  The waitresses act like they are cocktail waitresses at a club. The management thinks they are really cool.If they had a product that justified this arrogant attitude, fine. My wife thought they had great Sweet Potato Fries. That's about it.
1	This place was great until we tried to pay. The server became very rude and tried to make us order extra while we were waiting for our bill, she then gave us multiple dirty looks until we left. Also, my friend got food poisoning here from the onion rings. The burgers are expensive and average. Not the best place to eat.
4	A moments wait upon arrival... literally a moment.  They got us seated, and a server was there quickly to get drink orders.  We tried a couple of their specialty drinks that included Sake.  Pretty good!For lunch there was a variety ordered among our four.  I had the "Just Fries" with sea salt and a homemade pineapple ketchup.  (YUM!), and a bunless (Im GF) burger patty with swiss and avocado.  So good!  Among the rest of my group we had the grilled sausages appetizer plate, the handmade crispy onion rings, truffle parmesan fries, and a couple more burger varieties that I didnt get to try due to the GF issue).  Every single thing placed on our table was fantastic.  One of my companions had eaten here on a previous visit through the area and loved the oxtail fries, as well.  I think the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was our server.  She was nice, and friendly, and pretty quick... but each time we asked her opinion of something, or to explain the preparation a little she put a menu in front of us and walked away.  Obviously we had already read the menu (online while we were en route, and again at the table once seated)... I was looking for a better explanation, or an opinion on these items.  The food was great enough, that I would come back again, however, and give it another try!
2	Apps were great. We had the duck rolls, sausage, and oxtail fries. Burger however was raw in the middle. Staff and manager were terrible. The food usually makes up for the terrible service you receive at Bachi burger, but no one I hate to say.
4	Gr8 burgers even if pricey.  My favorite is Kiki's burger w/Kobe beef and mushrooms.  Appetizers are awesome.  Recommend the oxtail Chile fries topped w/an egg.  Service could be better but the ambience, creative Asian fusion menu and beverages make you overlook slowness.  Happy hour deals are good.  Vegi burgers, fish, chicken and pork are also available.  Gr8 buns here and on the burgers.  Desserts are unique too.
1	We were really looking forward to trying this place, however the service was so awful that we never even got seated. We waited to be seated for about ten minutes and there were several empty tables. I made eye contact with several different employees and hostesses, yet were ignored by all of them. After ten minutes of standing there without being acknowledged, we gave up and went to Archi's Thai a few doors down. And what do you know? We were seated right away and had a great meal! Oh well, Bachi Burger lost our business.
5	Wow. Just wow. Bachi Burger really gets it right when it comes to burgers and fries.I have been waiting to go to Bachi for awhile. Just waiting for that perfect moment to spend $10+ on a burger. Yes, it is a tad expensive, but honestly it is worth it when you decide to jump in. Overall the experience was spot-on and the food was pretty much perfect. I had the Miyagi-San Burger, grass-fed Wagyu beef, Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, and Crispy Onion Rings, and I added cheddar cheese for an additional charge. This burger came out perfectly, the bun glistened, the egg oozed, the onion rings were crispy, and the cheese was melted perfectly. The beef is high quality, the grilling to medium-well done very nicely. The flavors all work together to make it truly one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.My friend and I also shared the Grilled Shishito Peppers, which are sweet and tasty, with a bit of char. And the sweet potato fries - long-cut, skinny, deliciously sweet and salty as the same time - not one soggy one in the bunch! I highly recommend these fries if you like sweet potatoes!Also of note - they have a good happy hour, with food and drinks. I had a white wine for only 3 bucks, and it was a decent one at that.Highly recommended - and my personal return factor is a definite YES.
5	Location:  from the Las Vegas Strip it is 15 minutes away on Sahara.   First Impressions/Decor: modern and cleanFood quality:   5  StarsService: 5 StarsFriendly staff, got us what we neededCost of meal:   4.5 StarsMost of the items and burgers cost close to or more than $10.00 but worth it!Cleanliness:  5 StarsIt looks like a new restaurant Overall experience:  4.5 StarsWe visited because we saw Bachi burgers on food network.   It was a drive from the strip, lots of lights but well was worth the drive.   Great dinning experience.   I didn't want a regular Berger and I didn't get one.   I got the spicy Miso Berger and my husband ordered the Ronni burger.   We tried both and they both tasted excellent.   I would come back and would recommend them to others.
5	Love this place! Best burger I have ever had. Highly suggest the burger with an egg, coleslaw and kalbi Bbq sauce! The buns are crazy soft and delicious, meat is always cooked perfectly. No complaints here, this place is legit.
5	Great Food and great ambiance! Got back for my Miyagi Burger!
5	Had a wonderful experience here! First off we got the edamame which we preferred the spicy over the regular, which was very delicious! For my entree I got the custom made burger which was fantastic! I also have to talk about the waitress. She was wonderful and made sure all of our drinks were refilled and the right time. She wasn't annoying also!! Made me feel very comfortable. I will be back soon!
2	Food was great but service was very bad. Waitress made us wait to order and she couldn't figure out how to split the check 3 ways per group.   Oh.. and we asked for extra napkins and we only got 1..  omg! First time here..  but will probably go to the other location next time near the strip.
5	Whole lot of wow! The burgers and fries were amazing, truly a unique burger experience. I had the spicy miso burger, my wife had the kiki burger, and we shared the sweet potato fries. Everything was perfectly prepared, and very tasty! I wasn't a fan of the loud dance music, but the food was delicious, and a great value. We will be back!
4	Come here! Farther from the strip but no wait! And OMG. Best place I ate all vegas weekend. I had the ronin burger medium rare. They have great quality, fresh meat. Beef is ground in house daily,  never frozen making it worth the expensive burger. I also tried the oxtail fries chili cheese fries. I felt there was more chili cheese than oxtail tho. Very good place to eat.
4	I'm not happy about this, but I had to bump one star off of their rating due to our second visit here.Overall I loved the concept of the banh mi burger (plus I'm Vietnamese), but in regards to execution and flavor, it failed for me. The burger wasn't moist like the Kiki's burger. I soon realized that it's not moist or juicy because it's a ground pork and beef mixture for the patty. The ground pork definitely caused the patty to dry out. The patty also was extremely bland, it could of definitely used more time marinating. Lastly, the nuoc cham (fish sauce) dipping sauce for the burger was watery and didn't do the burger any justice. Also, we ordered a side of grilled shishito peppers. The sweet soy seasoning was delicious and enhanced the shishito peppers natural sweetness. We enjoyed the entire bowl until the very end. Out of nowhere, the very last 2 peppers were aggressively spicy! It took us by such shock since we didn't know that shishito peppers could be that spicy. We popped the entire huge pepper in our mouth and we were both soon very irritated and uncomfortable by the spice level of the pepper. Mind you, we are spice eaters and avid fans of spicy food. But this was like a very bad prank. We were not expecting something to burn so bad, it was so intense! Plus we chomped the entire pepper not knowing any better. It ruined my taste buds and my throat was swollen for a good 30 minutes. Yep, it was an episode of punk'd. Be careful you non spice eaters! That one is a doozy!
1	Terrible customer service!!! Had heard positive things about the place and once arrived was treated disrespectfully by management. Hostess had an attitude, when spoke with customers she acted unprofessionally. Servers when taking orders were not patient. Bachi your staff are bad for business and definitely need to be trained about customer service excellence - they were far below subpar. I run a large organization and at least 3 people in the place would've been written up or terminated if they worked for me!
4	Messed it up and then made it right! Another stop on my DDD tour and those of you, or that one of you, that reads my reviews know that I do not just dole out the four stars reviews. We were greeted nicely and ordered some adult beverages and some sausages.  Three stars could go for the sausages alone they were fabulous. Seriously, my partner loves when I give her "sausage" and she seemed equally pleased about the Kurobuta  and Arabiki sausages we received.  I must admit, I was a little jealous. (Just a little jealous, the sausages aren't that big.  Wink Wink)Only two main hiccups.  When we asked what was the difference between the red sangria and the white sangria, we were told that one was red and one was white!? Really!?  Uhmmm....Ok.  Seeing our bewilderment the waitress went into small detail about the differences, but I am still not convinced that she actually knew.  I am sure that she will do better next time. It was good, but I still want to know what the big difference is, especially if they are both made with sake.  I'm quite sure that there is no red sake. The second hiccup was that  my dining partner loathes, simply loathes mushrooms.  She thinks that they taste like dirt.  And according to her palette she order the black and green burger without mushrooms.  And of course it came covered with mushrooms. I don't really get upset about the addition of the mushrooms, mistakes happen, but it throws off the entire pace of the meal when something like that happens.  Luckily the item was taken quickly back to the kitchen and the annoying fungi were removed.A manager came out and did his best to make up the mistake.  The conversation was a little awkward between him and my dining partner but in the end we felt that he was making a solid attempt make up for the earlier error and that's what counts.Oh let me talk about my burger.  I had the "Shogun."  It was as epic as it sounds.  Wagyu beef, unagi and foie gras.  Foie gras!  You had me at Foie!It was delicious, the only thing is that it comes with a sweet sort of chutney that works, but I am not a big fan of sweet with my savory.  When I come back again I will see if I can order it with the non-carne items of the side.We also had the ox-tail fries.  I have red other reviews and would agree that for an entree that they  might need more meat, but as a side they were spectacular and a wonderful addition to our burgers.Dessert was fresh doughnuts and coffee ice cream.  Excellente! Hai!I will be back and you should go.
1	Tried this place out cause my brother  said it was pretty good. The services horrible I ordered one of their specialty drinks and it was too sweet so I asked if I could just change it to coke and they said they couldn't do that because we drank out of it already. The oxtail fries were just okay. I probably won't come back again.
4	i highly suggest oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle parmesan fries, and the kalbi burger. The burger was juicy with tons of flavor!
5	Love this place!   Absolutely great gourmet burgers at a decent price. Even better I don't have to go to the Strip to get here.
5	Gourmet Asian fusion hamburgers.  The burgers are a pretty decent size.  I couldn't finish a whole one; but I also had a lot of fries.  Cute modern decor.  We came for lunch on a Sunday and there was a lot of seating open; no wait whatsoever.Oxtail Fries:  This item is a knockout.  VERY large portion.  It was enough for six of us to share.  Think "chili cheese fries" but with chopped up oxtail chunks.  It also has a fried egg on top.  A perfect combination of both salty and sweet.  This item is a MUST TRY if you come here.  Just be prepared because it is a very large portion.Kiki Burger:  Again, a perfect combo of sweet juicy meat on a buttery bun.  I don't have "sweet" burgers very often, but this tasted just like sweet marinated Korean meat but made into a burger format.Black and Green:  I actually didn't like this as much as the Kiki Burger.  For whatever reason, it had a bit of a bitter aftertaste to it.  Not sure which ingredient caused that.  Not a bad burger, but I preferred the Kiki Burger to this one (and the Kiki was cheaper too).
3	The other location of Bachi Burger is definitely better, but there are a few things about this location that you should know! :) Ambiance: 4 - Organized, Clean. Not too many people during the nighttime. Service: 3 - Our server was funny and really kind, but they were too slow with everything after we were done eating, such as the check and getting boxes. Took way too much time than it should have!! Food: 3 - Some tips! (1) If you're not getting a grass-fed burger, you really should. You can taste the difference, and to me, the regular is just...yuck! I realized I should have payed $16 for the grass-fed beef. (2) The fries are good, and the quickest thing on the menu! I suggest the truffle fries and the regular fries with the pineapple ketchup..I'm gonna start doing that to my ketchup whenever I have fries at home! (3) My burger favorite is Miyagi san's Grass-Fed Wagyu burger. One word: Delish. In all, I suggest the other location of Bachi Burger for a more pleasant experience, but if all you want is Miyagi and fries--this location isn't half bad!!
4	The burgers are delicious, no question. Service is inconsistent as some servers are great, but some are slack and almost rude.
5	Saw this place on Guy Fieri's Triple D and my dad tried it next time he was in Vegas. When I finally got to try it, it was worth the hype. Had the Kiki's Burger and the Truffle Fries. Amazing flavors! You won't leave disappointed.
4	I would give Bachi 5-stars if they ran a tighter front of the house.  It's a bit chaotic when it comes to service.  But the food is unbelievable.  We've dined here about 5-6 times and it's just weird when you first walk in.  There is no hostess to greet you.  No list to sign in.  Eventually a server will walk up and greet you.  Sometimes they verbally tell you how long the wait it.  At times they'll write your names down.  It's so inconsistent.  When you sit down, service is very friendly and informative.  Drinks take forever to come out.  Once I ordered a beer when I sat down but it didn't show up until after our apps.  And that was only after I flagged down another server to inquire about it.  Once my kid ordered a milkshake which took so long that he ended up having it as dessert.  It was amazing, but still...As far as the food....  Unbelievable!!!  The oxtail chili fries are a must order for everybody.  Delicious chili with baked in cheese served on top of a huge bed of perfectly fried fries.  If that's not enough it's topped with a sunny side egg.  Sweet potato fries and garlic fries are delicious also.  Their Miyagi-son Burger and Banh-Mi burgers are perfectly assembled and absolutely delicious.  Each time we come, the burgers are perfect and consistent.  I think if they had a front house manager, the overall experience would be 5-stars.  Back of the house is obviously on point!!
5	O-m-g, this place is just crazy good! I can't even begin to explain how good these burgers are. The unique flavors sound odd but are so tasty. The fries were to die for too! Love love love this place!!h
4	The quality of the food is excellent. The burgers are perfectly cooked. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. Very attentive staff, efficient but not friendly, very few smiles. Everything we had was sweet, not overly sweet, but by the end of the meal I wanted something salty. Looking forward to going back and trying something else. I know I won't be disappointed.
4	Best chili fries I ever ate. Oxtail fries. Ate the Ronin Burger. Cooked well. A tad on the sweet side. Needed a little more brightness to contrast with the grease and heaviness. Would go again.
5	It was the "bomb" of a burger.  I had the one with the unagi and it was worth the price. The bread/bun made it even better. It was a toasted sweet bread like. Im definite going back.
5	Excellent food. I had the Bahn Mi, my friend had the Black and Green and my daughter had the Shogun. A bit pricy, but very, very tasty. I will go back, but next time I won't let her order the Shogun at $26! Haha, unless she's paying the bill. Mind you, she had never had foie gras, so this was her big chance.
1	I ate there Thursday evening 6/12/14 the service was very slow and they had some weird techno music playing. The food was ok but not worth the price you had to pay. They screwed up my order and I had to wait a extra long time for my order while the other people in my party were half way finished with there's. I won't go back.
5	I've been to both locations now, and can say without a doubt these are some of the best burgers I've ever had. The flavors are very rich and creative, and the buns are light and fluffy so as not to distract from the meat/cheese/other goodness. This will always be a stop any time I'm in Vegas; it's just that good. Plus, this location isn't nearly as crowded as the one south of the strip.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Everything I've tried is worthy of having again.  The Ronin burger, the crab cake burger, the truffle fries... dreams are made of this kind of food.  Service is always good, never have had to wait long for a table and if you eat at Bachi for lunch, you're not really hungry for the rest of the day.  The buns are soooo good!  We'll be back!
2	I've always liked to bring my friends and family from out of town here but it's just not worth it anymore. There is always a wait. The food is good and but service is slow. Being there's always a wait I understand. But add the price along with having to wait around. Not worth it. Suggestions if you wait. Go next door to the lions tavern and get a beer while you wait.
5	Just moved here from LA....and the ronin burger was simply one of the best burger I have ever had! The ox tail cheese fries were great too. Can't wait to come back and try their other burgers and streamed buns
4	Great burgers! I love how they allow you customize your burger to your hearts content! And best of all, you can add foie gras to any burger for $9. Unfortunately, my foie was a bit overdone but I am a foie-aholic so I didn't mind it too much. Haha! Bachi burger definitely satisfied my burger craving!
5	Be patient...it takes a while for the burger. But worth the wait. Miyagi-san was awesome...
3	Was super excited to try this after hearing good things. But nothing impressed me much, except the milkshake. FOOD:Crusty Crab (3 stars): They should just offer this as a crab cake. Did not taste that great. Did not remind me of a burger at all and the ingredients just didn't mesh well together. Would have been better just as a crab cake alone. I wouldn't really recommend this. Pretty disappointed when I took my first bite )=Salted Caramel Milkshake (4 stars): Strong yummy caramel flavor! Best thing I tried here. But it's so small!! I finished it so fast. And the marshmallow topping takes up some of the glass filling so you really don't get a whole glass worth. Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries (3 stars): The sauce it was with was okay. Maybe the truffle would have been better. Not very spicy at all.SERVICE (3 stars):Got our food and never saw the server again until we were done. He also told me the chili fries were good if you like spicy food. Um, was not even spicy at all, haha, maybe I just take spice better than he does.Wasn't impressed by this place. My friends really liked the Oxtail Fries so maybe that's what it's all about. My milkshake was good but the Burger Bar milkshakes at Mandalay Bay were better.
4	Travel a few off the beaten path or strip if you will, and you will find burger greatness. I ate many a heart attacks especially when they note grass fed or Kobe and for some reason they just don't measure up. Bachi on the other hand has created magic. The flavors just meld together wonderfully. Most notable were the Kiki burger and the pork belly thingy in the bun, oh wait, and the oxtail fries. The Kiki burger blew away the kalbi burger in terms of transcending flavors bursting in your mouth. People love in n out, fat burgers, smash burgers, but they're just burgers. If you are looking for burger perfection you need to go to bachi.
4	The food is awesome, but the service is a bit slow on a slow late afterb. And why would the waiter give you a glass of iced water immediately as soon as you are seated?  Anyhow, overall great burgers but service would need a bit of an improvement.  I'll still come back!
4	I have been to the Windmill and the Sahara locations of Bachi Burger and love both!Same great menu, same friendly staff, same style and decor.This location does not get as full, if you are in a rush.We stick with what we love here, the chili fried chicken, the onion rings and fries, the burger kids meal, the no meat here for me and my husband usually tries something different every time.The flavors are so unique, there is really nothing else like Bachi Burger and that's why we keep coming back, wish they would expand to SoCal!
3	I have to say the burgers are really good I have tried this place a few times. This time I dined in and I have to say the service really sucks, service is slow, waiter disappeared, no refills on the water granted they were packed but still there should be a set standard. I would only do take out from here.4 stars food1 star service
2	Have been to the bachi on the east side several times and it's usually pretty good. The new one on the west side is terrible, poor service no manager on the floor and the food is not nearly the same quality as the east side.Most likely we won't be back.
5	This place has the best burgers! Service was quick and friendly. Must try the banh mi or the kiki both are super delicious! The boba drinks are alright but a little grainy. All and all it was delicious and worth the price!
5	Their burgers are really really good. They have malasada. Delicious desserts. Vietnamese coffee and boba!! Alcohol of course. Explore the menu because there are a lot of goodies. A LOT.
3	I was in Vegas over the weekend for EDC. Decided to come here after seeing it on the Food Network. It was HOT HOT HOT in Vegas! 105-108 degrees all weekend!Once we arrived, there was a line. Signed up on the waiting list and found a seat in the waiting area. Unfortunately, some people were waiting outside in the heat. Some dude fainted outside...We waited for 45 minutes. It felt like an eternity. Our waiter was super slow. Looks like he just got back from EDC....I had the Miyagi burger (medium rare) and it was pretty damn good! too bad I didn't have an appetite..I am knocking down 2 stars for 3 things:1.) Turn up the A/C. I shouldn't be sweating while sitting down for 45 minutes2.) Serve water to the people that are waiting! 3.) The fries...SUPER HYPE...taste like chili cheese fries.
4	Had the Banh Mi burger here and it was so so good. They put like 8 diff types of meat into 1 patty, (pork, beef, pate, shrimp...I can't remember the rest), add some tasty lettuce, picked dikon and radish, and give you a sweet dipping sauce on the side.  The patty was succulent and a great combination with the fluffy, soft bun...  had the tasty flavors of banh mi with the best parts of a burger (big bun, juicy patty) Everything great fusion should be. Can't wait to come back.
5	Ronin burger and Parmesan truffle fries.  Freakin ridiculously good. Quality of food and fusion of Asian to burgers is unique and executed perfectly. Great food!!!!
2	I wish restaurant reviews would solely be based off of the food itself.  Unfortunately,  customer service quality always overcomes the taste of the food no matter how you look at it. The exact same goes for this place.  Drove off the strip with the gf and her siblings hoping to have a positive experience.  Another couple entered right before us.  Then,  we were seated shortly after. The 4 of us ordered a total of 3 burgers (fries too but that's besides the point).  It must have take them literally 30 minutes for our orders to come out even after asking our server about  the status.  By this time,  there have already been other customers who have come in after us and left before we even got our food.  Is this acceptable?  Certainly not.  Their excuse was that because we requested one of our burgers to be cooked 'well'  instead of 'medium',  that it would delay it.  Really though,  what's the time frame difference between the two?  I'm no chef but I don't think it's 20 minutes.  Anyway,  we finally got our food and honestly,  it tasted good but because of our long wait,  I feel it's fair to give them a 2 star. We almost walked out due to the long wait time.  Although the server apologized and offered a discount,  it does not make up for the experience we had.  Will not return to this location..
5	Seriously the best burger I've ever eaten. I got the miagi burger. Nummm!!! My husband loves it and it's where I take all my guests from out of town.
5	Best burgers in town that I have had. Good prices, good portions, and excellent service, what more can a person ask for?!?!
3	First time trying this Bachi burger location. Came here for lunch with coworkers today (their first time ever at Bachi).I ordered my usual Ronin burger. We all shared an order of fries. Is it me or did they increase their prices? I could've sworn last time I ordered a Ronin burger it was about $9.00. Knocked off one star because of this.No complaints on the wait staff. And the restaurant itself is clean and roomy. I love Bachi so I will definitely come back. I just hope I don't see another price increase when I do =(
3	says on their website they close at 11pm. got there at 9:50 pm and they said they were already closed. another party came after us also thinking they're open til 11.came another time and we were super excited since we saw them featured on food network. burgers seemed overpriced but what the heck! we had to try it since it's on tv...not sure what all the hype is about. their burgers are eeehhh just ok. no "wow" factor. not impressive at all. we ordered 3 different burgers and none stood out as impressive. the buns also felt super buttered and greasy. i think the only thing we liked were the oxtail fries. other than that, we'll go to in and out burger for wayyy tastier burgers.
5	Great quality hamburgers,  I love the chicken/turkey burger it's really good, their fries are delicious specially the ones with porcini sauce. Only thing is if you have a group of 4 or more the wait can be
5	My favorite spot to go for burgers. Once you eat here you can't eat anywhere else for burgers. I truly enjoy the spicy miso burger, but have tried the kalbi burger as well. The kalbi burger was a little on the salty side, but still good. Fries are good side dish. Oxtail chili chest fries are okay, like my fries crunchy, big portion. Also, a good side is the pork belly steam bao. The summerlin location is clean, not loud and never have to wait in line.
2	Westside never again -  server very condescending when asked for condiments "you need to just start eating, you don't need any condiments hereWindmill location off-the hook good and whatever the customer needs including condiments is okay with them Vast difference in the two locations
5	Best food ever!!! We could literally eat here everyday! The service has been great, as well. We have tried a few different items and all have been mouth watering. My favorite is the miyagi san burger! Fries and sauce are great too. Drinks are great. Food is high quality, restaurant is clean, bathrooms are clean, air conditioned, nice ambiance, fair prices. Everything is awesome here. I definitely recommend this place.
5	This place was really good. The atmosphere I loved and the burgers are very unique. I had the crusted crab burger which was delicious. It was fried and had lettuce, tomato, avacado, mango chutney,  and tartar sauce on it. Delicious.
4	My Family from Cali wanted to try this place, we definitely enjoyed it. Our waiter was friendly, food was great!
1	Service wasn't good.. Messed up our order Three times. Staff would argue about the mistakes in front of us. Then we asked to have an item taken off our bill that we didn't order. And the manager came to us with an attitude. We paid left and still tipped but this review is being left behind.
4	This place smells amazing from the parking lot! I've been a few times & everything I try I always enjoy a lot. The burgers are large & juicy with unique twists & they serve Thai ice tea which is probably my favorite beverage ever. The service is ok, wish it was a little better. I say that because every waiter we've had has no personality. With that said the food always delivers so I would recommend it. The environment plays cool music & it's loud & lively which I enjoy. Casual spot & have been several times to both locations.
4	Amazing experience! Came with a large party and had no issues. Server was polite and accommodating to everyone. We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and truffle fries as appetizers. Tried several different burgers and there was not a single disappointed person in our group. Great mix of flavors! Great quality! Cannot wait to go again and try more of the menu. Highly recommended!
5	My boyfriend and I tried Bachi burger a few weeks ago after hearing about how great it is.. Bachi did not disappoint! I wish the restaurant was more spacious but the service was totally on point -as was the food! It has such a unique and delicious taste. I can't remember off hand the burger I had- a mushroom burger of some sort. And the ox tail fries are a must have!! Thank you to all the staff for a fantastic meal and experience.
2	Food is good but the service is horrible. The waitress brought the wrong order and instead of fixing the order she argued with me and said she was right and that's what I had ordered. I had guest with me and we were all amazed at the lack of class and customer service, at the end the customer is the reason why she has a job!
2	I'm from LA. We went last week on Friday ( 3 of us, after we picked our friend who's local) around 2:00 pm. We were seated immediately, put in our order, got the food quickly, good burger( had better and worse ones). I paid and we left. As walking to my car, I realised I don't have my sunglasses. I immediately walked back (within 40 seconds) and told the host I'm back for my glasses and pointed out were we were sitting (2 tables behind his podium). It was all cleaned ( I'm thinking, WOW, fast service). So he goes to the back towards the kitchen( 4-5 tables away) and talks to couple of people and returns with no glasses. So I doubted myself, I went back to the car and searched with no luck. Went back to the restaurant and asked the host to look again. He went back again, asked and returned empty. He then pulled a square plastic container and pulled a woman's glasses but not mine. He said "sorry sir, I don't have it and no one in the back has seen ANY glasses. So I gave him my cell and asked him to call if anyone turns it in,and btw, it's PRADA ... $450. But I was so confused now that even asked my friend to we go back to his house and look there. We did, but, NO glasses. We left to gas station. As pumping, I pulled out the receipt and called the number. A lady picked up the phone and after explaining, she asked me the server's name... Haha, I looked at my receipt... "PHYRON" I said proudly and with high hopes. "SORRY, NO ONE has seen any glasses" she said. By now, frustrated and deeply disappointed,  I got little angry as it was not making sense, so I spoke slightly louder. She immediately said.."Oh wait a second, your glasses are here".... I was "WOW" I'll be there in few. I went back. Asked the host and he directed me to the back ( this back area is not enclosed, it's visible and open to everyone). A lady/waitress??  working on the monitor pulled my glasses from " a square plastic container" and gave me my glasses. I asked to see the manager and me. PEREZ??, I think, young tall guy approached who so happened  to be in the back right next to her. I explained to him the situation and asked him why my glasses we not found shortly after my table was cleaned, since sun glasses do not end up with the utensils , and why did I have to come back twice , call , then come back the third time. Even thought from my seat to the host and to the back is oh 40 feet. He said he doesn't know and it was a miscommunication issue at the LOST AND FOUND DEPARTMENTS. REALLY??? ..... Read that again. Man, were was I , at a department  store?? Wow, I felt lost in their lost and found department. He forgot my table was 30-40 feet from his DEPARTMENT , not 30-40 floors. I told him that was not cool....He said HE WAS SORRY THAT I FELT THAT WAY.... With a careless posture, standing tall, hands behind his back , and looking up then down with no eye contact to me....Amazing!!!!!! He didn't even apologise for their mistake!!!! What an unprofessional manager. And btw, I mentioned my bill with 20% tip. He asked me to come back and he would give us better service . Better service???? Shouldn't the service be at best to begin with???? I didn't know what else to tell him and left. Everyone, I'm not a difficult customer and I tip well.  I think who ever cleaned the table was VERY AWARE of the glass and didn't bring it out till perhaps found out that I was not giving up. I just think managers like him who work in good restaurants MUST be more courteous to their patrons and always remember, there is YELP and other social media reviews. If they care. We are going back this weekend to Vegas again. Wish he was pleasant and professional, i  would've recommended my friends( this time 16 of us) to go back and eat there again. Well, to be even FAIR, I hope the management reads my review and replies. 4 star for food,the chef, and the front host.   1 star for the manager, waiter, and the bus-boy if there was one. For now, I'm glad they didn't get the chance to steal and keep my glasses.
5	Hands down best burger I've ever eaten...I stop here every time I'm in Vegas. Food is fantastic, the Wagyu burger melts in your mouth and I cannot get enough of the pineapple ketchup. Our server, Bobby, was attentive, personable, and gave excellent recommendations....he completed our Bachi experience!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! It's always my first stop when I come to Vegas. There's normally a wait and the staff is not great but the food truly makes up for it. OOOh if only they will come to Houston, I would weigh a few hundred pounds!!!
3	Really like this place. We usually get a few different burgers and split. I'm a fan of the Spicy Miso Burger, although it's not so spicy. Does have a good flavor. Ronin is a close second. Some of the others, Kalbi and Miyagi were ok, some a little on the salty or sweet side. Garlic fries are awesome. My only issue with this place is the service. I've resorted to just ordering for pick up. Thing there is they don't answer their phones so I find I'm working harder than I really should just to place a flippin order. Right now for instance. I have called about 4 times. I'm so desperate to get my burger fix that i called the other location to see if this one was still open. They were very cool about it and said they would contact the manager and see what was up. I waited about 10 minutes and called again... HOORAY they answered!.... then promptly disconnected me ... and now aren't answering. Seriously wth. Give me my Garlic Fries, People!!!
5	Ok, 3 different times and three different burgers. Each and every time and each and every burger was HOT damn perfectly DEELISH!!! Service has been great each time. The condiments for the AMAZING fries!!! I cannot get enough of this place!!!
5	BACHI BURGER, where have you been all my life?????I was so excited to try to this place after hearing so many rants about it. Finally!!The restaurant is located about 20-25 minutes away from the strip. It was worth every minute of the drive. In fact, it was pretty nice to sight see things away from the strip for once.Came in, and was overwhelmed by their menu. Wanted to try EVERYTHING, but my poor tummy can only fit one burger. We were also stuck on deciding which fries to even get.I am a sucker for truffle fries.. but we just HAD to get the oxtail fries. Super delicious!! About $11 and it can probably be shared by 2-3 people.The fries remained crunchy and less soggy, which is a plus in my book. I am not a big fan of the creamy sauce they put on it. The meat was tender and sweet. Did I mention an egg comes on top of it as well?I ordered the Kalbi Burger. I give it 4 stars!The marinade was very similar to your typical korean bulgogi marinade.. but on a burger!! The patty was cooked to perfection and the buns were soft (lol) and not too dry. Kim chi/ pickled cucumbers are plated on the side.Service was excellent. I couldn't be any happier with it. Our server explained everything in great detail. so he made our ordering process a lot easier. I would totally come back if I was ever in Vegas again. This time, to try a different type of burger and maybe a milkshake :P
5	Finally had my first Foie gras and now I know why it's so prized. The menu is just the right size so you it's not overwhelming. Awesome wait staff and service is quick and efficient. The food was a great mix of flavors from Asia mixed with fusion. Must come and experience awesome food and staff. Come hungry cause the portions are kinda on the big size.
5	While the service could be dramatically improved, the food here is hands down the best!! The burgers are amazing!  The homemade onion rings are their best kept secret.  I have been here several times already!
5	Love, love this place. At first we weren't sure which door to open as there was no sign on it.  No worries though because the host (nice, young man) opened their door and welcomed us in. We heard so much about this place and we are so glad we tried the food here. I had the "kiki's burger" which was a burger with caramelized bacon, guyere cheese and enoki and eryngii mushrooms (I've never heard of eryngii mushrooms but they were delicious).  Even before the burgers came out, the sweet potatoe fries and the truffle, Parmesan fries with sun dried tomato aioli and porcini cream sauce were awesome!  You HAVE to try that. My parents joined us and are in their 80's and will usually not eat lunch while in Vegas but my dad cleaned his plate!
1	Gave this places another shot after feeling pretty dissatisfied the first time. Second time I left with same ripped off grossed out feeling. I love gourmet burgers, but there's something about this place that grosses me out. I love all kinds of ethnic food, so it's not the Asian twist on the burgers I'm talking about. If you want a delicious gourmet style burger go to Gordon Ramsay Burgr in planet Hollywood. It's about the same price too!
5	If you want a treat, come here. Food and service was excellent. Oxtail chili cheese fries. And the burgers to die for. I'll be back.
1	Terrible service again... Overpriced average food. Uninterested staff... This was my last time here...
5	I ate here 8/9/2014 and it was my first time there. The place was very clean, workers were friendly, and our waiter knew the menu front to back full of recommendations. I choose the Lonely Bird, I believe that's what it was called. It was a chicken burger and OMG what a burger it was. I've never had a chicken burger where it just melted in my mouth, every bite was amazing. Definitely will go back if I am in the area and will recommend it to people, for sure.
5	Bachi burger is the business, so good that i dropped in twice in one weekend. I went straight at the kalbi burger and ronin burger which are both magnificent creations that contain dope sauce like gochujang mayo and citrus yuzu aioli. The buns were reminiscent of the golden shiny bbq pork buns you get at dim sum. We also ordered up salt and pepper fries topped with garlic and jalapenos and truffle fries covered with black truffle porcini cream, both solid accompaniments. To wash it all down i opted for the hitachino ipa and the hitachino ginger brew which may be one of the greatest beverages ive ever put in my body. My mission in life from this day forth will be to destroy the remaining burgers on the menu.
5	Waygu burger miyagi style is amazing. We're from California so we have the best burgers here. This review is not in vain. Came from SF to get this and it was worth every minute on the tarmac at Mcarren airport! Plus the greatest adult playground in the US doesn't hurt either.
4	Yummy!  I had the Shogun burger and rather enjoyed it...but it's hard to go wrong with foie gras.  The oxtail fries were really yummy.  We also got the salt & pepper fries and the truffle fries...but I think the oxtail fries were the best.  I'd love to go back and try other items on the menu.
5	We used to head down to Henderson from the west side just to hit this original spot. Asian inspired burgers and a complement of great sides (e.g. salt and pepper garlic fries, pork belly stand buns) make this place unique. Sometimes the time from food to table can be a bit long, but it takes time to make great gourmet food from scratch. A must try if you've never been.
3	So we ordered the pork belly buns & they were amazing. We also ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries & those were good I expected them to be a little bit better though especially the way people were talking about it.  My friend & I both ordered the Kiki burger & that was okay nothing spectacular about it. What I likes least about it was the service it sucked ass. They weren't attentive at all & every time we had a question or needed something it felt like we were asking for too much by the way our server responded/looked at us.  Overall it wasn't bad but it wasn't the best hopefully next time it will be better.
1	I don't think I could ever eat burger again, thanks to Bachi Burger.  I ordered the black and green, Wagyu beef, medium rare.  It did go down good, but at 2:30 AM, it then came back up.  I couldn't keep anything down, even water, for 24 hours, and had to cancel a business trip as a result.  I'm trying to figure out what was it that made me so sick?  The beef, the blue cheese, the spinach.Or did someone not wash their hands?   I will never know but this experience was one of those defining moments. If I ever muster the courage to eat a burger again,  no more medium rare burgers for me,
2	Service was extremely slow and sometimes just completely unresponsive (had to ask multiple times for condiments and to-go boxes).  Saw a waitress drop a set of silverware and napkin on the ground and then pick them up and take them into the dining room as if nothing happened.  Hostess never smiled once.  The ambiance inside is a little weird.  The kitchen is awkwardly exposed and cluttered and there was a loop of techno music going the entire time.  Burger was good, but not much better than average and does not come with a side.
3	I would give more stars, but the person that answered the phone for my order (8/19/2014 7:00pm he said his name was Marquee, I believe) HUNG UP THE PHONE after I answered his question.  He answered with the typical greeting and followed with "can you hold please?" Where I answered "no."   He should have just said "please hold" and not have asked me a rhetorical yes or no question.
2	I expected more when I paid 40 dollars for 2 burgers and 2 French fries.Way overpriced and not the best burger I have ever tried.i ordered a burger with purple bun and another one was on wheat bread.mine was terribly gross.my bf complained about his as well.i don't want to describe all things in detail but those burgers didn't make our stomachs feel well later.definitely not going to come back there.
3	I always wanted to come here, after watching the triple D show! We had wagu burger and pork belly steam buns, they were ok. We ordered two fries and one was good enough for two people, Our server could have told us that. It Didn't seem too busy, but the orders did come out slow -_-For a burger, I've had better.Truffle fires were soggy and cold.
5	Ok so Bachi Burger is the way I would want my very own joint. The food is excellent they got a great vibe and their food is excellent if i didnt say that. Pork Belly Steamed BunsOut of control good. I'm pretty snobby when it comes down to pork belly n this is cooked/cut to perfectionOxtail Chili Cheese FriesOne of my favorite meats. Any time it's on the menu you almost have to order it. This place does a great combination of all the flavors in the dish. Oh n baby jesus they put an egg on it. (of course they do)Banh-Mi-BurgerI was pretty much sold before i got to this burger but man their presentation and flavor profile they put in is amazing. Good Angus beef and all the sauces do it justice. A must go if your within a tank of gas!!
4	Not that this place needs any more good reviews, but I was surprised at how good this place really was.  Came here with party of 4 straight from flight into Vegas.  The oxtail fries are everything the reviews say.  I had the Kiki Burger.  Burger was juicy, tasty and all the ingredients tasted fresh.  Why this chain has not yet made it out to No. CA is beyond me.  I also had the peanut butter chocolate shake ($6 and modestly sized), but really good.  I want to come back and try some of their other burger creations.  Service was very good.
5	oMG!!!  Great burgers!! I had the Manga Burger med. rare and the beef was so soft with great flavors. This burger might be the best burger I've had so far.    Service was good but expect a wait...the system they are applying to seat ppl will is weird cuz there would be empty seating but it would not get filled when another table leaves. I guess it's to keep the order load to a certain level. The steam bun sliders are very good, but I prefer the pork ones. The oxtail fries I thought was okay....chili seems to over power the oxtail so it wouldn't have matter if oxtail was in there or not. I would prefer the mushroom truffle fries and those are Delicious. A must for me when I'm in Vegas.
5	Great food and gotta give a shout out to Gem for amazing service, Kalbi burger was phenomenal and so was the Apple Lychee soda.
4	This place is hands down one of the best food products off the strip. That said, they have operational issues. They have amazing shakes on the menu, if you're lucky enough to get one. On my first visit, my shake did not arrive before the check. On my second visit this may have happened of if did not insist three times for my shake. After everyone in our party was finished eating, they began to prepare my shake. Apparently they put an item on the menu that they don't have a clear process for delivering. As well the server did not ask if we wanted fries with our burgers. Considering how often they come as a set, they should remind the customer to order fries if they do not. Do eat here, the food is amazing. But do not be too patient if what you ordered does not arrive - if you don't insist, it may never.
2	Ok so to start the food is actually really good and consistent. The reason i rated them lower is because of the customer service. I have been several times and usually have good service, however there is one waitress that needs to have customer service lessons. Im not sure her what her cultural background is but she is Asian, prob thirties or late twenties. The last time i went there was with a group of seven. On this occasion, there was plenty of seating but there was a sign to wait, so we did. There were two waitresses one was white and one was Asian, both saw us and continued working, one was even clean a table. The  after about 5 minutes the Asian lady came over to us and sat us at a table. The first thing she said to us is "How are you planning to pay?" i thought that was really strange and kinda rude. Im used to waitress telling u about the menu before discussing money, we looked at each other with a puzzled look and answered her and that some of us were paying cash and some were paying credit cards. Right away she responded, "i can't do that. I can only take up to 4 payments." we tried to figure who had cash and if we needed to sit at separate tables in order to have lunch (literally talked about payment stuff for ten minutes before we were allowed to look at the menu) . After we go that worked out, she gave us a minute to look at the menu and came back and stood at the head of the table and requested our orders, requiring us to yell across the table to place our order over the noise. Isn't it a common technique of waiters to walk around the table and the order, unless your at a booth and there is sonly on place to stand? I felt it was rude. To make it easier, i placed my order over the phone as a to go order, that way she didn't have to worry  about splitting the bill and the number of payments she could take. To this day each of us talk about this experience and how we are not planning to go back. I really do like the food and want to go back but I'm tone on supporting that type of customer service. If I go back my order will be to go 100%. No need in staying there, i rather eat at the picnic table by the movie theater than be in there with that customer service and feel obligated to tip someone who isn't doing their job from a customer prospective. Overall I think they could improve their customer service, especially for seating. I typically wait about 5 minutes and every time i have gone it has always been between 2% and 25% full.
5	We had the Oxtail Chili Fries and Pork Belly Steambuns for appetizers
5	Love love love!! Worth the wait, the oxtail fries were superb i nearly inhaled them. I thought I couldn't eat anymore but then the Kim burger came and it was irresistible. Beyond expectation :)
4	This place is burger shop meets Asian flair. The burgers are excellent with higher end ingredients, like gruyere cheese and shiitake mushrooms. The truffle fries are great, enough for sharing with someone. The prices aren't bad for this classier style food, and the service was very good.
5	I am not a hamburger person, so I usually get something other than beef burger. This is alwsys delicious.  I haven't gotten anything bad yet. I am so picky with fries, and they are quality. The burgers are on the pricey side, but totally worth it. And they don't come with fries, but order some to share. Again, pricey when it doesn't come with the fries, but worth it. And I don't say that often....I'm cheap!! And when I say pricey....it really is reasonably priced for the average sit down restaurant.
4	banh mi sandwich is pretty bomb, so were the garlic pepper fries. The service is really good also, only reason I am giving them 4 instead of 5 is because the place is a bit pricey.
5	I've been here a few times now and Bachi has not yet disappointed.  If you wanna come for a premium burger that tastes even more awesome on an egg bun, do come and check out Bachi and try it out.  For me, it's been the Miyagi Wagyu burger for the win each time...but the last time we were there, one of the servers told us that the burger that all the staff has and swears by is the miso wagyu burger...he said to definitely try it the next time we come out there.And as an added bonus, they joined up with the ramen joint a few months ago and now serve both on their menus.  I come here for the burgers, but you know me and my love relationship with ramen; so of course I tried it out too...just the tonkatsu though.  The broth wasn't as tasty as I had expected, but the chasu was prob one of the best I've had...nice and fatty and super tender.  If you can split it amongst your group, I'd definitely go for it.The fries: sweet potato, truffle, oxtail, and regular, are all awesome, and DEFINITELY can feed more than one person, as we learned to our doom the first time we came in and each ordered fries.  The oxtail is quite heavy so you might wanna split the burger...but then again, this is vegas, INDULGE!!!!This place can get absolutely packed, which is a sign of the good food, the popularity of the burger, and just the fact that Bachi rules!  So I would come at non-peak times, which is hard to determine for Vegas, Thursday night at around 10 the wait was 40 minutes, Saturday around 9:30 the wait was 5...so it really does follow along with the vegas theme of just gettin lucky.  PS - there's a new bigger spot also about 15 min away from the strip...but with traffic, can actually take much longer to get to, but if this place is too busy, at least you have a second option.  Staff - Great!  Esp with the recommendations and the good humor.  Thanks Bachi! :)
3	I love their burgers and food BUT service is horrible every time. The place had a lot of tables open and no line and they wouldn't seat us until our full party was there. 4 out of six of us there and kept quoting us that entire party had to be there because it was "policy".  I tried to tell the manager on duty that they were missing out on making $ on not letting us seat because we would order drinks but she kept saying it was their policy. I stated it was about customer service on my part. I don't know if I made the manager mad that this was on purpose, but all of us that ordered a medium burger received well done and 2 in our party that ordered well done got medium?  I asked for manager and she took care of part of the order off the Bill. I love that place but hesitant to return because the manager did not handle our requests in a professional and customer service manner from the beginning.   I was embarrassed about how much I bragged how great their burgers were. Btw I asked for my burger to be wagyu and it didn't taste like It was. Maybe because it was over cooked?
4	We came her for lunch on the last day of our Vegas trip.We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries and the pork belly buns.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas-2?select=C7GAG0sCvr_EBEks-jDX7g&userid=z8ie74vdxx-28KPHA5EVlg#C7GAG0sCvr_EBEks-jDX7gThis along with our burgers was WAY too much food but we wanted to try the oxtail and the pork belly.  The oxtail fries are more than enough for 2 people.  3 people could probably share this along with your burgers and be fine.I had the spicy miso burger.  Honestly the idea of a fried egg on my burger freaked me out a bit but I decided if I didn't like it I would just take it off.  I didn't really notice the egg so it was fine.  The burger was great.  I really liked the sweetness the apple vinagrette added to the meat.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas-2?select=nRqpBNEjZpVtohf46RqYrw&userid=z8ie74vdxx-28KPHA5EVlg#nRqpBNEjZpVtohf46RqYrwThe wife got the Miyagi birger and liked that as well.The service was a bit slow especially since the restaurant wasn't crowded but the food was very good.  If you go do yourself a favor and spend the extra few dollars to get the Wagyu beef.  It's worth it.
3	Truffle fries were very good. I got the peking duck bun and I've had better. The duck was very good but the bun could be better. The chili oxtail fries were very sweet..not getting it again. server didn't refill our drinks. Service could be better.
4	I have to want a burger to order one.  When we came here, I knew I was entering burger central.  I was game, especially because this was one of our little out of town get away foodie adventures. There were 3 of us.  We ordered the chili cheese fries with ox tail.  That was bomb.  The flavors were all so robust!! The flavors could easily all stand on their own, but as a combination, together, all in one bite, WOWZAS!!  I really enjoyed them.  We each ordered different burgers. We ordered these burgers:Shogun BurgerMiyagi BurgerKiki BurgerThe shogun, best ordered deconstructed, was beautiful.  That slice of white peach as amazing.  The color was beuatiful.  It was just ripe enough. The citrus transformed the flavor of the uni, it was amazing.  The wagyu beef was so tender and was really cooked to perfection.  The brioche bun made it great as well.The miyagi burger was great.  It was a bit too much for me to eat, especially after we'd just devoured the fries, but the flavors were also fantastic.  The meat, again, was to die for.  The flavors were full, hearty and so perfectly balanced with the furikake, the bacon, the onions and the mayo.  The Kiki was packed full of mushrooms.  I really loved the onion marmalade that they had on there, accompanied by that fantastic gruyere and garcil chili aioli.  If you love mushrooms, this is definitely the burger for you!! The momotaro, white peach strawberry soda, is so yummy!! It's not every day that you can find a place that makes something like this, and makes it well.  I'd definitely suggest that you try it. Yes, it's non-alcoholic. So, it's great to share with your little one as a treat. But sorry, there are no refills. DARN IT!!! I'd love to eat here again.  In fact, I think I'll bring my husband next month.  Yum!! I'm looking forward to it.
4	A new instant favorite! The Miyagi-san burger and pork belly buns were excellent first impressions..will hafta return to try the rest of the menu!
3	We ordered the seasonal salad, pork buns, and wagyu burger lonely bird style. Pork buns came out first and the first bite was off putting. The steamed bun was dry and the pork was hard. I also did not care for the Chinese black vinaigrette. The tangerine salad dressing sounded refreshing but it ended up being too biter for the ingredients in the salad. The burger was the only skilled dish. Patty was flavorful and I enjoyed the soft bun.After having been to Bachi Burger two times I think where they excel is in their burgers.
4	I like their truffle french fries and crab burger.I give four stars for today, because the fries weren't fresh...
5	We ended up going to Bachi Burger  because our flight was delayed due to a possible Hurricane in Hawaii!!! Talk about making the BEST of a junk situation!  I am so glad we did!  The food was amazing and you could tell that the chef who owns Bachi Burger is one Kamaaina!  There pictures of Hawaii all over the place and many Hawaii flavors on the menu! We had:Truffle Parmesan Fries  - Yum Love the aioli*Miyagi-sans Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger Chili Mayo  Fried Egg  Furikake Caramelized Bacon  Crispy Onion Rings *Kalbi Burger Angus Beef  Kalbi MarinadeGreen Onions  House Made Kim CheeKo Chu Jang MayoDynamite burger Wagyu Beef - Seafood Dynamite - Fried Egg DrinksMandarin Orange Tangerine SodaApple Lychee Soda  Everything was delicious and fresh and with such great balance of flavors!  We will be back next time we are in Vegas because according to the food channel we missed a bunch of signature dishes. (Oxtail fries & Pork buns)
5	AMAZING. . Unique and Delicious!!! I live in Florida and going to make an annual trip just for this place. Juicy burger even the vegan one is delish
5	How much do I love thee, Let me count the ways... You had me at first bite with the oxtail fries. Then fell more in love with the pork belly and it was game over with the shogun burger. Dammnnnnn... So good. All of it... I had been wanting to eat here for a few years now but never could align the stars whenever I was in town. My friends that had tried it, raved about it and I've been kicking myself ever since. I finally went here a few weeks ago and am so glad I did. I saw the light. All the flavors I tasted were delicious.We first had the oxtail chili cheese fries that was topped with an egg and drizzled with garlic aioli. It was delicious. I love oxtail. I love chili cheese fries and this was a perfect marriage of both things. The fries were perfectly fried and the tender oxtail covered in cheese, cilantro & jalapeno slices were great together. The latter two i'm not big on but I ate around them and would probably eat them if it was the only way to sample this great appetizer. I definitely recommend it. It was great. I really enjoyed it.The other thing I had before my burger was the pork belly steamed bun. It was very VERY good. 4 come in one order. Perfectly cooked and tender pork belly (a little crisp on the outside) in a small steamed bun sammich with some slices of hard boiled egg, radish, cilantro (again!), scallions and hoisin sauce. It was perfect. It was so good that I ate the cilantro and i was good. And i HATE cilantro.. I always tell my friends I don't eat weeds. Hahah... But seriously, I dont like the after taste but soldiered through it cause I figured that the chef meant it to be eaten that way and the least I can do is follow suit. That and it looked so good & I was hungry and couldnt wait so I just dug in. Order it... trust me.On to the burger... I ordered the shogun burger because I was on a mission to have foie gras as I miss having it at Los Angeles restaurants such as Animal & Mozza. The shogun burger has a patty that's wagyu beef. It's topped with unagi, yes unagi... pan seared foie gras (YUM), asian pears & peaches and a delicious butter on the bread. It  was all good. All the unique ingredients worked well and it was quite tasty. The wagyu patty was nice & tender. The unagi was soft & tasty. The foie gras was heavenly and I wish there was more. MORE. The asian pear & peach slices helped break up the richness of all the other ingredients. It was really a nice compliment to the burger. I really liked the burger big time. Glad it had foie gras. So glad I ordered it.I had some of the sausage platter. There were 2 types of sausages (kurobuta & arabiki) on this plate. They were tasty. Good flavor. Nice smokey & sweet taste to them. The dipping sauce was honey mustard. But it didnt even really need one. The sausages were that flavorful. The drink I ordered was the plantation style sweet tea. It was good. A different kind of sweet tea. Hard to describe. Also tasty... Service was very good. We had a nice Filipino girl help our party of 7 that quickly became 9. She was friendly, was a good sport and got all our orders right. She also split the bill 3 ways which was nice. Thank you Bachi... Looking forward to eating there again soon. In fact, I'm flying out to Vegas in 36 hours. Wanna guess where I'm having brunch as soon as I land??
1	I was so excited to try this place out after reading all the great reviews. Walked in, stood there for a few minutes. No acknowledgement, sign said "please wait to be seated". A few waiters walked by, still nothing. If I could give the place 0 stars, I would. Not even going to give them a second chance.
3	Need to work on their customer service.  Waited 15 minutes to be seated in a half empty restaurant.  Burgers were a disappointment after after high hopes of this place.  The appetizers were actually better.  Oxtail chili cheese fries are a must.  Pork belly steamed buns were also delicious and the wings were good as well.  The burger meat were not juicy nor flavorful.  The shogun burger did not go well together and the I tried another burger with the Taro bun and it was too sweet for the burger.  I would come back if I rented a car in Vegas.
5	Wow, this place is really good. We tried it for the first time recently and it lived up to the great reviews we've been reading. We started with the grilled shishito peppers which came nicely grilled and placed in a shallow dish with a delicious soy dipping sauce.  My wife tried the grilled pork belly buns and they were also delicious, cooked perfectly and full of flavor. I tried the 7 oz. Angus burger which was perfectly grilled and coated with a tasty soy based sauce. Service was terrific even though the restaurant was quite crowded.  There are many delicious sounding items on the menu, not just burgers, so I am looking forward to our next visit. I highly recommend Bachi Burger.
3	I don't see the appeal in large burgers that slip and slide all over the place. I assume these flavors are to be eaten together, but how can this be executed when size intervenes?The "No Meat Here... Burger" was the biggest target of gravity, and I ate most of it off the plate with a fork. The "Banh-Mi Burger" had good flavor intentions. I tried cutting it in half and squishing it down in order to have all components together, but my hands were a mess afterwards. It was one of the few times I wished for those wet-wipes at Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	I went here about six weeks ago and ordered Kiki's burger. It was prepared well and tasted great. The house made pickles were also good. The service was OK. They definitely keep the servers busy and you pretty much never see them unless you're ordering or paying. I like this location better than the Windmill one. If I had gone to that one first, I would not have tried this one.
5	I had the Oxtail chili cheese fries OUTSTANDING!!! I also like the green tea.  I have no problem recommending this spot for a quick bite.  The ambience is relaxed and so enjoyable.You will be back every time you visit Vegas.
4	Yep, I believe the hype... Bachi (short for Hibachi!) burger is super yums!!I ordered the Ronin (carmelized onions+japanese cole slaw+miso koma dressing+FRIED EGG+bbq katsu) and it was very very good. They cook the beef to your specs, and the runny egg is just perfect! Definitely worth the $12. My friends ordered the Oxtail chili cheese fries....AMAZING, and everyone else in my party seemed to enjoy their respective burgers :) Next time...I'll try the Mr. Ho's :) The servers were all super friendly and helpful. We were there to celebrate a birthday, so they kept the surprise cake in the back for us, and brought it out with extra plates for everyone....and candles!
4	Love this place, when you have no intentions to fire up your own grill, but desire a common taste with a wonderful twist: Bachi Burger is the answer! The burgers are tasty with nice ingredients and the ox tail fries make your mouth water. Highly recommend this place for the taste = price. Make sure the weather is nice if you are going on a weekend night because you will wait and it maybe outside. Keep in mind, the food is worth it and you will hopefully not be disappointed!
4	The burgers are crispy and delicious I try to stray away from tofu and mushrooms but the twist on the classic burger with Asian ingredients is a joy to each one of my taste buds.
5	This is a burger/asian-fusion joint. Lots of great options and things to try! They even had a few beers that were't on the menu (which were also great!).My wife ordered the BBQ burger (which was fantastic) and for the life of me I can't remember the name of what I ordered, but it was a set of 4 small pork belly sandwiches. They were incredible. We also ordered a side of salt & pepper fries and were very impressed.This place is a great place to go for a meal!
5	Very very interesting flavors. Innovative and unique. I enjoyed this spot quite a bit.   Definitely going to be a go-to spot on my next visit to Vegas!
5	This place is so good it hurts. Due to the greatness of this place, I've relegated it to special occasions (birthdays, anniversaries and days that end in Y). I go for the Shogun almost every time (seared pear, unagi and foie gras... ahhhhh). But then add the Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries and forget about it... food coma time. If I could eat here everyday, I would. In fact, my bday is next month... see ya there!
5	Hands down, one of my top 3 burger places ever. I haven't had anything here I haven't liked. The service is always fast and excellent. You definitely get your money's worth. The burgers are fantastic and range from mild to spicy. The beef is juicy and never over cooked. Their sweet potato fries are heavenly and so are the truffle fries. Thankfully, there is a jogging trail close to my home cause running that trail is a must after eating here, but it's soooo worth it. =)
3	OK I have given thus place many chances because all the hype and I have to say I am just not a big fan....  I really want to like it but I just don't...  The ban MI burger I tried and just didn't care for it,  the burger with the egg I believe the ronin was OK,  the chili cheese fries were pretty tasty,  this time I got the fish sandwich and thought it was pretty tasty,  my hubby garbage ho burger and ate half of it and stopped and he can eat anything and said he was done with it,  my daughter got the miyagi burger and said it was OK,  the fries were good with dipping sauce but onion rings were a no Service was OK,  the guy was super slow and not very pleasant??? That will be our last chance trying bachi burger,  that was about the 5th time
4	Great ingredients, innovative dishes and amazing flavors. This place is great.  The burgers are legendary, the oxtail fries should be mandatory. It's simply delicious.
3	Had the Kiki Burger.. It's okay... Service needs to improve. The servers seem to have early stages of Alzheimer's. They forgot the extra plates, knives, coffee... Lol
1	This place is overhyped. While the food is good, I feel  that it's nothing to write home about. Ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, angus burger, kiki's burger and I wasn't wowed by it, the portion is small also. Also ordered an apple lychee soda but they never serve the drink but was charged for it. CHECK YOUR BILL! Also, server was slow and inattentive, took forever to get the check and we probably sat there for 15 mins after the meal, and it wasn't busy when we were there.
5	Went this past Monday night. Food was totally awesome and our server was awesome as well. Definitely will come back again
4	Service is still slow, but the Lonely Bird has been consistently good! So far, my favorite turkey burger in Vegas. Just make sure they don't forget to bring you the Herb Pesto sauce on the side. Come here when it's busy - you'll get served faster. It seems that the less customers they have, the longer it takes for your food to come out.
5	In the never-ending Burger wars here in Las Vegas, Bachi Burger continues to be one of the best for me!They have an Asian Fusion thing going on that is amazing! Don't worry...you traditionalists can still get a basic cheese burger...and it will be amazing too!A few highlights - the fries are really interesting. I like the the S&P Garlic Fries, and my partner likes the truffle fries with drizzle. Check them out. Also the Pork Belly buns are awesome too! They make a great starter!
2	Seriously summerlin bachi burger you are killing me. I just want to order for pick up and your gd phone never works. Will just start going somewhere else.
4	My shogun burger with the foie gras was so yummy! I ate every bit of it.My hubs did not like his bahn mi burger, he felt that the texture and flavors did not go well together. He tried mine and said it was good.The truffle fries were a tad soggy.My friend had the pork belly buns and she said it was good.Next time hubs will have to try the other burgers to see if it's better.
3	I was really looking forward to eating at this restaurant because it's highly rated and everyone was raving about it. My coworkers and I decided to come down for lunch. There was eight of us. I ordered the truffle fries,  kiki's burger, and grilled sausages abs was really disappointed. The burger was average. The truffle fries were okay. The sausages tasted like the kind you'd get at the grocery store.I asked my coworkers and they were equally underwhelmed. The general consensus was we wouldn't be going back for lunch. The food was very mediocre for the price.
5	Place was awesome!  Ox tail fries, sliders and the burgers were off the hook.  Worth the drive before a round of golf.
2	So we decided to give bachi burgers one more try and we were still disappointed. When we arrived , the restaurant was not busy. A couple tables were already eating and one table was having their order taken. We waited at least five minutes before a waiter decided to take our drink orders.  We ordered appetizer fries with the drink order.  We saw our fries sitting on the hot line for awhile before they were brought to us.  And our burgers arrived right after.  So much for an appetizer.  Sadly the service was worse this time and it really doesn't matter how you order your burger temp ...med , med well and well done are all cooked med rare.  The service is slow and inattentive.  If I am paying 15$ for a burger I expect better than 2$ burger service.  I am always shocked when waiters and waitresses expect big tips when you have to practically beg for an order to be taken, drink refills are ignored and the waiter doesn't bother to see how the food is before the bill is left!  It's a shame they aren't reading their reviews, if they were they would know they haven't done a good job training their waiters-- lots of reviews comment on the bad service.
3	The food here was amazing, but the service was very lacking. Not busy but such slow service.
4	The Kiki burger was delicious! High quality angus beef with a selection of three commonly utilized mushrooms in Asian culture, shiitake being among them. Savor garlic aioli and caramelized bacon beautifully balanced with sweet onion marmalade. Cooked to perfection, efficient service and a friend/family conducive ambience made for a wonderful culinary experience. And for only ~ $12/burger! Fries are high quality. Also, they have boba for you fanatics out there. Definitely a 4 star recommendation.
5	The most delicious burger I will ever have in my life!!!! I've only tried the Miyagi Burger and I don't have the guts to steer away and try anything else because it is my absolute favorite! So juicy and mouthwatering, I can't wait to go back again! I would also suggest the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries! Soooo good!!! You will definitely not be disappointed! Overall, awesome food and clean setting with friendly staff! See you soon Bachi!
3	I have been going to eat at Bachi Burger for about four years now and I have always been a fan, going at least once a month and their food is amazing. However, I just went to enjoy dinner with my parents and I had the worst possible customer service experience of any restaurant I have ever been too. The hostess was so rude to my parents and when I tried to communicate nicely to her she became rude to me. I work in customer service and I have never seen such an attitude be administered toward a paying customer. My parents and I ended up leaving and I honestly would not even go back because of how we were treated by the staff and I am by no means a person that complains.
5	Bachi is good stuff! You can custom build your burger, they have good and cold beer, and their truffle fries are simply amazing! In addition, their special mayonnaise taste original and fresh.Tip: Order your burger well done if you like it medium;Order it medium is you like it raw;Order it extra well done if you like it well done.As long as you know this secret to get your burger cooked the right way you should be good to go!Like it so people can see this and get their burger cooked properly because this place is very good! Burger is fresh and yummy btw.
5	What a great experience!The Banh-Mi Burger is incredible tasty, herby and absolutely unexpected, you can taste Asia info@greencornerlv.com every bite!The Truffle Parmesan Fries are tasty and delicious!!!Fully recommended!
5	the. best. burgers. ever.that is all you need to know!
3	I went to Bachi Burger on  Friday evening. It wasn't very busy and we were seated immediately. Service was pretty good, no complaints there. The food tasted good, but the prices are a bit steep. I order a burger that was $12. It was very good, but it was also (almost) the cheapest. There were $18 burgers all over the menu. That's a bit steep for me and it didn't even include a side of fries or anything. The burgers were a decent size, but no one in my party of 4 had any leftovers, including my 9 year old sister. So obviously they weren't huge entrees for the price. And speaking of kids, the kids menu consisted of 2 items: an $8 grilled cheese and a $10 burger. My little sister ended up just ordering an adult $11 burger and added avocado (+$1.50). There were plenty of burger options that sounded amazing, but I just couldn't bring myself to pay $18 for a casual restaurant burger. So overall, the food was very good, but I don't see myself going very often because I personally don't like spending $15-20 for a burger. But if you don't mind the pricing, I have no complaints about the flavor of the food.
5	I HATE it when I eat something so good that I can't stop thinking about it. Every meal for weeks afterwards is just DISAPPOINTING. The oxtail cheese fries, Ronin burger, and salted caramel marshmallow milkshake make all of the other food I eat a LET DOWN.SERIOUSLY, Thank you, Bachi Burger for RUINING Thanksgiving the next day. i guess i will have to eat at your fine establishment again. really, this may have been one of the best things I have ever eaten-that is all.
3	Let me start with the positive. The oxtail chili cheese fries are fantastic. Really great.  They are beyond rich, so plan to share. That being said everything else was kind of eh. I love a good burger, but the ones we had were both just ok. The menu descriptions sounded really fantastic,  and having seen this place on Diners Drive Ins and Dives I had really high hopes.  We were totally underwhelmed.  Also our server was nice but not incredibly friendly or helpful. Also the couple next to us had some questions about the menu and she was of zero help to them. If we could get the fries for take out we might consider it, but otherwise we won't be back.
5	The food here is amazing. I've been disenchanted with burger joints lately but one hit it out of the park. It had great prices for the amount of food you get. The flavors were amazing. The waitress that served us was awesome. Sometimes she was too fast and would just drop something off even though we were trying to get her attention. It's a great place to go
4	7:00am Friday, December 20th. I woke up hungrier than usual. I had frosted wheat for breakfast, not exactly what I had in mind. I fueled up on coffee and was feeling jolly enough to even pick up my co-workers orders. I knew we had food coming in for lunch at work so I wasn't too concerned with that. My main concern was dinner. What to eat for dinner? Bachi Burger. For those of you who are unaware of what this is don't worry; I'm about to drop some knowledge on you like you've never heard before. Actually, it's pretty simple. It Asian fusion brought to the all American favorites. It's as if a cheeseburger has relations with a geisha and they had a child. It's an amazing combo that I need more of in my life. I text my buddy Dave and it was on. Dave and I have a love for food that can only be examined on a neurological level. When I text him, he was already preparing the same text o be sent to me. It's like we have ESPN or something, a 5th sense if you will (that's a Mean Girls reference, I'm well aware ESP is considered the "6th sense"). We made plans to meet at 8 and as I backed into my spot I discovered I had even parked directly next to him without even knowing. It's a food friendship made in heaven. Anyways, we made our way in and did everything in our power to make it non-look like a Grinder meet up (that's the gay Tinder). In his words, it was a "gentlemen's gathering over fine foods." Right off the bat he knew what he was getting as he had spent time on Yelp prior to the meet up. It took me a little more time. When the waiter arrived, we ordered like two kids recently kicked out of fat camp. I ordered the Ronin Burger with a side of Parmesan Truffle Fries. He ordered the Banh Mi Burger with a pickle plate on the side. Now, the Ronin burger was the tits. In fact, it probably will be one of those burger I look back and tell my grand kids about. Dave's First bite of the Banh Mi was also love at first bite. After the first bite he concluded it was the best he's ad n his time in Las Vegas. The Ronin was made with Angus Beef (miso glazed), Asian slaw, caramelized onion, miso goma dressing, Katsu BBQ sauce, a fried egg and a Yuzo Citrus Aioli. Fuck me right? And Fuck me it did, right in the mouth. It was amazeballs right down to the bun it was served on. The best part, it stayed in tact the whole time. This is one of the most over looked concepts of a good cheeseburger. If it falls apart, it could be the best burger in the world but it would get points taken off because it was over topped. The Banh Mi was something only a mad genius could dream up. It also had the Miso glazed Angus but came with Pork-Shrimp Lemon grass Pate, curry aioli, pickled veggies and nuoc nam sauce. It was similar to the scene in Step Brother where Rob Riggle can't stop saying "POW! Right in the Kisser!" The truffle fries were on point. I had the pleasure of having these once before and the second time was no let down at all. Shoestring fried with white truffle oil, porcini cream, Parmesan reggiano and a side of sundried tomato aioli. The pickle plate was also right up my alley. Pickled, beets, cauliflower, garlic, daikon and shallots. The beets took the cake. Dave's a bit of a connoisseur of the pickled arts so I took his word for it and gave my thanks. All in all, it was an awesome meal as per usual. Definitely a good place too eat at a slightly above blue collar pricing. In the words on Nike, if someone asks you to go, "Just Do It." For even better posts, if your interested, give dave a follow on Twitter or Instagram at @davenadkarni
5	One of the best burger joints in Vegas. This spot is better than the other Bachi Burger joints in town. Better atmosphere, nicer employees, etc.My boyfriend and I shared the Shogun Burger and the Oxtail Chili Fries. The Shogun Burger was one of the more expensive burgers ($26), consisting of Wagyu Beef and Unagi, pan seared foie gras, poached Asian pear, miso butter, and a Yamamomo peach. The other burgers ranged about $10. We ordered it medium, but got it medium well. It wasn't really a big deal, but I know many people talking of having miscooked burgers. Other than that, it was amazing! Very flavorful, juicy, and well worth the money.The oxtail chili fries are to die for. It comes with a fried egg on top of it, beans, peppers, etc. It was featured in an old episode of Guy Fieri's Diner's, Drive-In's, and Dive's, and it is well worth the hype.I recommend this place to anyone who wants a nice Asian fusion to a regular American burger place. Have a little extra money to spend and craving a burger? Skip your McDonald's/In 'n' Out! This is the place to go!
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars and only because the food was good. The waitress, Crystal, on the other hand was terribly aloof and snobbish and clearly did not want to be there. She was slow and we had to constantly get up to flag her or someone down. Please keep in mind there were only 2-3 other tables and they had their own servers. I can understand when someone is having a bad day but this girl was ridiculous. If you get annoyed when even taking orders then maybe you need to get a new job.
4	Interesting flavors here, fresh tasting beef and a penchant for the visual flair, these guys can craft a gourmet style burger with the best of them. I'm more of a meat and burger guy, but throw a fried egg on that beef and viola! Something new. Yes, an egg on a burger is new for me. Service was good and the price was right.
3	I saw this place featured on the Food Network so I suggested we come here for an inexpensive dinner. The food was in fact really good but the server we had did not know what she was doing at all. She was nice but totally lost. We shared the bahn mi burger and the pork buns and both were really yummy. It's a good standby place I think but not something that would blow your mind.
4	Food excellent as always but still service problems. They would get 5 if service was ANY good.
4	What a great place! I'm not the biggest fan of burgers but when it's done right, I'm a fan. I saw this chain on Food Network's Triple D so we had to try it. Ambiance is great and plenty of parking (better than the other Windmill Street location). Oxtail chili cheese fries is a must and the burger I got, the Bahn Mi Burger, was amazing. I'm glad that they are opening up a location in Westside Los Angeles.
3	This is probably a 4 star join, but my tastebuds won't let me do it.I went to cautiously Bachi with a friend, who adores this place. She ordered for us: Oxtail chili cheese fries as our appetizer and Spicy Miso burgers.I had never had oxtails in my life, and after finding out what it was several year back I didn't want to. My friend convinced me to try the oxtail fries, and surprisingly they were really good. I just couldn't get over the fact that I was eating cow tails. Yes, I am a wimp.After snacking on the fries, I had high expectations for my burger. The burger wasn't bad, it just wasn't special. You can definitely tell that quality ingredients go into the burger, but the flavor was kind blah. Nothing sets it apart for any other quality burger. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? I only ate half.. that never happens!It's a bit pricey for a burger, but I think walking in you kind of expect it. The service is awesome.. everyone kind of helps you out. I don't think I will return due to my personal preference, but I do recommend checking it out at least once.
