3	Review is for car wash service only.  Decent prices, some of the staff were polite, and on my visit there was no rock chip guy trying to fix my windscreen (not sure if they employ them or not).  Cool aquarium in the waiting area with Blue Tang, eel, and more.  Ample seating.  The lady who wiped down my car disappeared after doing it, and some other guy offered me my keys, so I was put in a bit of a predicament regarding tip.  Where's the lady?  Why do they do that to us?  What the heck?
2	I don't understand why it takes so long when they are not busy at all this morning, but 45 minutes is not acceptable.http://www.yelp.com/
1	Blonde girl at vacuuming station was rude, cussing loudy, completely unfriendly. Steering wheel was still dirty and they destroyed my window decal without an apology. Worst car wash experience ever.
3	Be careful when you buy things in the store. I've picked up a few items that were expired.
1	Let's use the power of FB to inform people about Danny's Carwash at 83rd Ave & W. Bell Road.....Please share my bad experience with your contact list. Bell Road has the worst customer service ever. After forgetting 4 things I paid for and only addressing 1, I was told by the GM Tim B.-H., that he was sure that I put grease on my windshield so I could complain and request a refund. I was there just yesterday with my 20 month old grandson around noon and if you have toddlers I'm sure you know that hanging around a carwash in the heat of the day ...when he just wants to take a nap is not my idea of fun. When I asked him to at least fix the windshield his reply was.... he would but it was going to take him quite a while to get it fixed. When I went to the counter to ask for the phone number to corporate, he advise them not to share any phone numbers or names etc..... with me. I then proceeded to ask one of the workers to please just get the grease ...off my windshield...he tried but was stopped by Mr. Tim B.-H., and instructed not to help me. Danny's car was has had huge financial issue recently and I have still been a faithfull customer for the past 10 yeas, but obviously this will now change. The best part of the story is when I did call corporate this morning I was instructed by Corey who answered the phone... that all issues must be resolved at the location in which you had the problem....He would not let me speak to anyone at the corporate level and told me not to even try cause he would make sure I didn't get to speak with anyone in the corporate office. So anyone out there know a good carwash in the NW Valley? Thanks, April Blair Childs-Brossman--
1	Paid $18 for a "VIP" and they didn't even clean the windshield. And, they took my quarters from the center console, as always!The best part of the experience was watching them lock my keys in my car then take 30 minutes and 9 people to figure out how to use the device to unlock the door. Will not re-visitDo not recommend.
1	Short story:  AVOIDLong story: Went in, filled up with $80+ in gasoline.  Had a fussy baby I was managing and also due to waiting in line for an excessive amount of time found myself needing to use the restroom.   A youngish girl with no customer service skills read me the riot act about needing to stay with my car until I could pull it forward to the vacuum station, then I would be allowed to go inside to pay.  Anyways, it is that type of cold, careless, mean-spirited behavior that drives customers away.  It sure did for me.  NEVER GOING BACK.  So how did it work out?  I walked inside to the bathroom, and they magically found a way to move my car ten feet forward to the next position before driving it through the wash.  As far as the mean little girl with attitude?  I do not really know, but I suspect living in a trailer park is in her future.
1	Done here!  Stop the high-pressure sales tactics.  Telling me that using non- synthetic oil will void my manufacturer warranty is a complete lie!  Never again will I patronize this intentionally dishonest company!
4	Great service, friendly staff. I love going in here when i can. Express lane is great when im in a hurry. They wipe down the whole car, clean the windows and blow off the excess water with an air gunn for 5 dollars.
2	I bought a Groupon and decided to get my car washed before a long trip.  I get there and pull forward right away. I am told by the "customer service" guy that I need to get out of the car to let them know I am ready. A little side note on summers in Arizona.......It is nasty hot outside. Why the heck would I want to get out of my car too early.  After my information was taken and I had the receipt I stood there trying to figure out how to get inside. No one even acknowledged me so I asked. No big deal just annoying. So now I sit and wait. The receipt says 1235 it is now 208 hug hmm this is taking a lot of time that I should be finishing up packing for my fun trip. Oh well I guess it is good I had my cell phone to write this lovely review.  Will finish it once I see my car. Alright soon after I started I was told that maybe I should check out back to see if my car is done. It was....so no one tells you they just expect you to know. Nice. Also I feel pretty sad for those that work there. I heard someone yelling at employees and yelling about employees. Not the kind of entertainment I was wanting. The car looks goodish could have used some more vacuuming. I will be going back since I have 2 more vouchers. At least I now know the routine. Maybe next time it will be better.
1	I've been to other Danny's Family Car Wash locations where the service has been fine.  Not here!  I got the "works", and I don't think they even vacuumed my car.  I have doggy fur and debris all over.  I'm very dissapointed and will never return to this location! They need to hire more people....it is understaffed and they can't keep up with the lunch crowd.  Everyone there complained about the wait and the quality of service, not just me.
1	Worst car wash that I have ever had.  The windows where covered with smears.  Looks like they took a dirty rag to wipe them down.  I had to ask several time to have the bugs wiped off my bumper, the drips wiped off the sides of the car and the rear bumper to be wiped down.  The final straw was when I got home and realized that they hadn't even vacuumed the car at ALL!All this for $13.  I had gone here for years....I will not be returning.After reading the most recent reviews of this place...I guess I should just be glad that I didn't have anything stolen from my vehicle.
1	Why would I pay for wheels to get cleaned and they're not ?  And - they can't get the bugs off the front ?  Geeze. I want a car wash that cleans everything the first time!    Well done Brandon - you made it right & cleaned it right!  Thanks for doing so
1	Lazy ass motherF&$?er here... Shitty ass work waited for hours jus for express wax I won't b returning here I guarantee you that...
1	Horrible - I paid to have my interior vacuumed and wiped down. They did not wipe down the consul or the little cubbies on the door. Everyone that works there is very unprofessional. They all walk around texting on their phones and barely acknowledge you, if at all. I've experienced this at every Danny's I've been too. They charge a pretty hefty fee for sub par work. Guess i'll be looking for a different place to get my car washed!
2	One of these days I'll remember that they are terrible and stop going. I told the guy vacuuming my car that it was recently broken into and there was some left over glass that needed to be vacuumed up. Once they were done I looked in my car and there was glass on my driver seat, floor board, and passenger seat. All if it was in plain view. Once I showed my receipt the guy left (it was a slow day, only 3 other cars there). As I'm looking around someone asked if I needed help. Told the guy about all the glass and he had me pull into the detail station and vacuumed it all up. That 2nd guy is the only reason this is a 2 star review. Without him it'd be 1 star since I can't give it zero stars. Also, there's still plenty of spots that looks like it was never touched.
1	This place has gone downhill fast.  Since the workforce shake down service is terrible and slow which is too bad since my wife is a regular there.  I went with her today and frankly ill be surprised if this location makes it.  As a side not ill be surprised if Danny himself can stay of if jail!   Try a different car wash chain
1	I was in on a Tuesday morning right when Danny's opened and I was going in for an oil change and car wash. I asked about how long it would be to the man I first spoke to. He told me oh less than an hour you're the first one in. I also wanted to get the backseat, just the back seat shampooed. So I thought to myself okay an hour. I went inside and sat down to wait. About 25 minutes later another man called my name and told me the oil change was done but had a couple recommendations for my car. I "needed" a new air filter and my engine fluid to be flushed. Something going to cost over $200. No thank you. So I payed for what I was getting done, then went outside cause all that was left was to get the car wash. I thought to myself wow I'm actually going to get out of here in less than an hour. Great cause I was heading out of town. Well I was wrong. It took over an hour for my car to be washed. Yes, an hour for a car wash. I could see that happening on a Saturday morning when it was busy, but there was only two other cars there! What were they doing?!? Then when I spoke up asking how much longer because I was quoted less than an hour... no one knew what was going on. My car had been sitting! And it hadn't been dried off nor had the seats been shampooed! Awesome! At this point in time I just wanted to take my car and leave because I didn't have the time to wait any longer. I finally get my car "finished" and there's spots everywhere! A five year old could of washed it better... And faster for that matter.  I tried to call and speak with the manager and was put on hold for five minutes. Then was told he's with a customer and would call me back. I'm still waiting for my call back... And I'm never going back to Danny's AGAIN!!!
2	I 've been going to this location for oil changes for the past 10 or so years.  The service has changed within the past couple of years.  The constant upselling is getting annoying and when it takes an hour to just do an oil change and car wash (with no cars in front of mine) why would they think I'd add more services onto that?  This past week was my last time taking my car here.  This was the second time in a row that they've said, "You're hood latch is broken.  It must've been like that before you brought it here." UGHH.  Even though I had no trouble before taking it in and it was clearly in place before they opened it.  I've had to take my car into the dealership 2 times and paid over $350 each time to fix my hood.  I'm not sure these guys know how to handle Volkswagens and I no longer have any trust in them with my car.  Sad that I have to find another place after so many years.
2	I've used this facility twice since it is close to work and both times my car gets put behind two or three cars while cars that come after get put right in and are stayed to be worked on. It always seems to be nice cars that certain "dryers" work on. And average cars wait. Sorry I don't have a range Rover. There needs to be some better management out there or maybe they just don't think people are paying attention. The guys who have worked on my car are OK but there needs to be better supervision.
1	Talk about a cess pool of incompetent people. Took an hour to get my car washed. Every one of their employees I spoke with likely didn't graduate high school and, based on their ability to articulate, it's doubtful that they've spoken to a Human being in years. Embarrassingly poor company.
3	Not the best car wash on Bell road that's for sure. Two times I have brought my car for a wash and the keys were left in my vehicle. This scares me as auto theft is huge in Arizona. Customer service is so-so. I usually bring my vehicle early morning before 9. If you want to get the early bird discount be sure to pay before 9am as I learned from experience. Brought my car in at 7am walked across the street to work, picked it up at lunchtime and paid to find out I can't get my early bird discount because the hand written receipts are not time stamped.
1	I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either. After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property. I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome. Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
1	This is the closest car wash to my house and I've been going to them many times. And this time was the last time i guess and firs time I'm gonna review it. One star is better than this place deserves. Have never been satisfied with their job. Every time i had to point them, show them where to clean, because they don't pay any attention.  Once a while i would met some nice guys, who would redo their mess. But generally you got what you got. One time I have paid almost 100 bucks for interior detail. I bought a car from people who had dogs. You know how it looked like. So after 4 hours car didn't look better. Any way, this is not the worst thing. WORST THING THAT THEY USE DIRTY TOWELS AND SCRACH YOUR PAINT.
4	I like this place. I'm there so often, that I'm on a first-name basis with many of their employees. A lot of times the service can be pretty bad, but I always make sure to point out what I liked and didn't like about my visit. Many of these people were given a second chance and come from a rough background, so they lack customer service skills. BUT, every time I go, they get a little bit better each time. The washes are always pretty good and I've never had anything stolen. That alone makes it great in my book!
1	They tried to break into my car when THEY locked the keys in. Then the manager said it happens all the time. Like that is an excuse. He also told me it was my responsibility to tell them that my doors lock automatically. When I told him that was not acceptable that he did not tell me, HE stormed off. Then I had to wait for a different manager to help me.
1	I'm not a big yelper  but this place has gone so downhill is worth warning the masses.  I use to have faith in this place but no longer.   Horrible job,  long waits.  Go elsewhere
4	These guys usually do a pretty good job for me.  I try not to be to critical of any car washes since I cant figure out how they make money charging what they do.  I usually try to get a free wash with my oil change since it works out well at this location.  I usually go grab breakfast or lunch over at the Cracker Barrel that is right behind this location...its a perfect setup!  Only problem I have ever had here is they forgot to put oil back in the car and my vehicle shut off automatically since it has sensors for this and I had to get on them for this but I am sure they dont hire college grads to do this type of work.  Either way I am happy 95% of the time when I come here so I figured I owed them a fair review.
1	Waited an hour to get my car cleaned. They did a poor job of it, and I will never come back to this place again. Their employees look like they just got out of jail, and were cussing in front of customers.
1	If I could give no stars I would. This is the first time I have been to Danny's in 5-6 years because last time at another location around the corner my iPod was taken from my console. I noticed immediately because there was radio static playing when I got In my car. I call manager, I called police. Everyone said same thing, "sorry sir, there is nothing we can do." Well, this time I go out of desperation and again "they" (anonymous  dirtbag) rife led through found my wife's wallet and removed all the $190 that was inside. I will NEVER go to another Damny's in all my days. I suggest you do the same.
1	I was very disappointed in your business this morning. I had a rock chip in my windshield that I needed repaired. I went to Store #18 in West Valley Phoenix and they said there glass guy was a store 35, 5 minutes away. When I went to Store #35, they said the glass guy was not their. Thank you very much for wasting my time on my morning off. I will not be a customer at any of your locations again.
1	Patronized this location at 83rd and Bell for the last time;3 strikes & they are out! started with the 2min vac job, the employee's drying & doing windows was a joke! When confronted on how poorly they were doing; non responsive has in just not there. I asked for a towel and finished the job along with my 8 yr old grandson. Likewise the customer next to me had to finish off his car for over 32min while I waited for what they called a manager " Richard" to appear. He not only didn't diffuse the situation he validated why I would never come back & go out of my way to pass the word. He lacked total management skills, complained that I was unhappy with cleaning my own car & refused to even offer compensation of a refund. I asked for information in regard to ownership and he hesitantly and reluctantly said " Heather" a daughter of the former owner of Danny's Car washes. Unfortunately business practices ( you can read on line) haven't been on the up and up for the former owner. Presently this location isn't following customer service practices that would ever get any customer coming back.
1	Worst ever and now I am done for ever with Danny's .  My car sits while 3 others behind me get wiped down.  Are you kidding me???  Cobblestone is so much better and faster.  I will never come back here!  Ever!  And as I write this   5 cars after mine have now been completed.   Great service Danny's.  Please forgive my sarcasm !!  And btw,  they never cleaned the inside.
