2	It use to be decent when they first opened, like most places they start to fall off. The wings where awful, taste like they been sitting in old chicken grease and the prices went up, I give them two thumbs down.
4	The ONLY reason I am giving hook 4 stars is because the wings are that good! The restaurant is EXTREMELY gross looking! The only reason why I went there is because of the wings. I stop going because it got to the point where I had force myself not to look at the floor because I was scared I was going to see a "pest" run around. The people working there are just like the restaurant... disgusting! The last time I went there the guy trying (I said trying because I walked out immediately) to take my order was cleaning his nails with a paper clip. ... I'm getting sick just thinking about it. They have the best wings I have ever tasted but its not worth it if you are worried a roach might end up in your food.
4	Had the fried gizzards. Everything is fried to order while you wait. Friendly staff and tasty food. Limited seating for waiting and not eating, so really just a takeout or eat in your car place.
1	I tried this place on a whim and I wish I had not.  I ordered a cod fish-  I was impressed at first because they breaded the fish to order and it looked good.  The oil was very heavy, the bun was stale and even the fries were not worth the swallow bad. The staff sprinkle a mysterious magic white power on everything.  It looks like a cross between dandruff and the white fake cheese power on popcorn.  Even the generic hot sauce was flavorless and to top it all off I decided to try gizzards at the suggestion of the friendly owner.  I choked a couple down only to have them come right back up.  I have an iron stomach and Hook Fish grease. powder and parts brought me to my knees.  Bring your pepto and skip the gizzards.
4	The wings are amazing! Whole wings not little wing dings that you get at the bar. Take them home and watch a movie or they do orders of 100+ if you're having a party. I order from here all the time and I have no complaints.
1	Ate here once before a couple years ago and fried catfish dinner, fried okra, and hush puppies were  5 star great food.  Decided to do it again today and there must have been an owner change or something, because the prices had been jacked way up, the fried okra was tough, the hush puppies were burnt - hard enough to play hand ball with, the three piece catfish dinner however might have been good if not for the 5 pounds of seasoning (salt), or MSG (SALT), or secret white stuff (salt) they 'poured' on everything.  We paid $34 for salt with crappy food underneath it; also they have a sign telling you to keep your receipt but they never gave us one, and naturally we didn't think about it till we got home 15 miles away and discovered the salty crud they called food. Pros - their parking lot is a good place to check your text messages and clip your finger nails.Cons - their food is way too salty and tends to be burnt, and is WAY overpriced for the low quality.I DO NOT RECOMMEND ...... I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN MYSELF !
