5	I did NOT have any problem with them I walked in and told them I found a kirby and that I needed a belt and some bags. He did Not try to sell me anything more then what I asked for. I wish he did because I found out that you could put the newest model brush roll in the G-six that I found and that it improves the vacuum to be very close if not the Same as the newest model kirby diamond and sentria. Now I have to go back and ask for the brush roll.
1	Purchased Vacuum bags an came back to return them they closed the store 10 min early ... Came back the next morning an would not return money. .. Terrible customer service. .. I then found bags on amazon for more than half the price. .. Big Rip off
5	brought in a Dyson... sales person was very helpful!  It just need to be unblocked...apparently very common with Dyson machines.  No charge...I had my sister-in-laws also..same problem...Thanks!!!
5	These guys were great.  Not sure how anybody could rate them with a 1 star, though I understand the frustration of a business closing early.  I took our 6 year old Dyson upright in after it started making a nasty grinding sound which didn't go away when the belt was cleaned, which is what I'd done prior.  They quickly diagnosed it as a clutch and gave me a quote and a day it would be available.  At the time, I also asked about a broken part that we hadn't been able to repair which was used for wrapping the cord up.  They said I'd be better off to order it directly from Dyson since it would be cheaper.  Later, the repair shop called (this store sent it to another location for the actual repairs) and they mentioned that hair had gummed up the bearings on the brush and it also needed to be replaced.  I approved.  A few days later, I got a call the vacuum had been repaired and that I could pick it up.  I'm not kidding when I say the thing looked brand new.  They even went so far as to clean the bottom plate which had some sort of black crusty grime built up on it over the years of use.  Most importantly, the part they told me to get directly from Dyson, was also replaced, and I wasn't charged for it.  These guys ROCK! Take your stuff to them if you need it fixed. I essentially got a new vacuum for just over $130 in repairs, parts and labor included.  A great value in my mind.
5	Friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating.  Had the belt for my Hoover upright  on the peg board behind the counter.
2	I really wanted to like this place but I just wasn't impressed.  I loved the shop that was on Stephanie but closed down a couple of years ago.  Went here instead since it's the same name/company?  The person who helped me said absolutely nothing as I was telling him what the issues were with my vacuum cleaner (that I bought at the Stephanie shop a few years ago), until I was ready to leave.  Then he told me it would be ready over a week later as it had to be sent to Sahara the following Tuesday.  I guess all they do in this store is sell and do nothing else.  Very disappointing.
