4	It's Starbucks, you know what you're going to get: good coffee, and friendly service.As a side note, I happened to walk into this location right when they were cleaning the coffee machine they needed for my drink.  Even though I had to wait an extra 4 - 5 minutes for my coffee, the barista was very apologetic and kind, so I hardly minded the wait.
5	This is a new store.  HUGE, clean, SHINY new, and love the comfortable feel to the place!  Tons of tables, chairs, desk, couch, comfy chairs, etc.  The employees are friendly!
5	The baristas at this Starbucks are the BEST! They are very friendly and make my drink perfectly every time. This location is always clean and organized. This is my favorite Starbucks location in the valley!
1	Worst wifi ever. On its best day it barely works. 3 months of weekly wifi complaints an Google wifi provider can't get it functional
1	WARNING!! WARNING!!  ALL PARENTS BEWARE!!  I should have know it was going to be BAD with the vacant look in Jasmines eyes.  I guess asking for honey with my oatmeal was more than she could handle.  Our 7 year old (yes seven year old boy) ordered a hot chocolate and she verified to temp it for a child.   After receiving our order he complained it didn't taste like hot chocolate.  We both tasted the said hot chocolate and found it to be coffee with mocha added.  WHAT ADULT give coffee to a 7 year old that ordered hot chocolate!!  It took it up to the barista and was told yes it was coffee with mocha as ordered?!?  I informed her that we had in fact ordered hot chocolate!  She was the only one working there that seemed to care about this mistake.   Then Alissa comes into the picture and offered to remake the drink as she rolled her eyes at me.  I explained we were leaving and to just refund our money.   She didn't seem to be happy with this option.   So rather than refund our money promptly she made two more drinks.  I asked for a number and contact person for this Starbucks location and she explained she was busy and it was going to take her a while.   I explained that the longer it took her to get me the information, the more I would complain.  Well here I am starting my complaining!!!  And this is just the start Alissa!   I am not sorry to interrupt your busy morning with my complaints!  And at no time did she apologize for such an error!  Seriously!! Who thinks it's ok to give coffee to a child!! FAIL!!!!  I wish Yelp would allow negative stars for rating!  And when I asked for a corporate number for Starbucks she took over 5 minutes.  At this point I just left and decided to do it my way.
1	The horrible service started when I waited a few minutes to be greeted at the window because the so called baristas are too busy gossiping & when the guy finally comes over he says "let me get your order rang in again, what was it?" I wait for my coffee & a girl hands it to me, I said thank you & she just walked away.. Are you kidding? I've tried many different Starbucks locations and it's just always just bunch of rude kids. Once again I'm reminded why I go out of my way to buy from Dutch Bros, they greet me by name & have awesome service day in & day out. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Starbucks. :p
5	5 star moment when I called out hot and got to the window and you remake my drink anyway. Thanks for that.
2	Not sure how the levels of service vary so drastically between Starbucks, but this location is literally the worst one I've ever been to. And, it is unfortunately the closest one to my house. The service is always extremely slow, so decent personalities behind the register and no noticed care for their customers. I've been at this location several times hoping it wasn't just one bad day, but it's been every time. Why does it take over 10 minutes to make a passion tea? And no "sorry for the wait"? This location really needs to get completely restaffed.
2	Update: went back today for my beloved Passion Tea Lemonade... it took 17 minutes from stepping in line until I finally got my drink. And to make it worse, my tea was luke warm at the bottom if the cup and only cold at top where the ice is.. how did they manage to pull that one off? Not shaking it properly? Who knows..
1	Bathrooms were dirty with no toilet paper. Staff fought about who was to take care of the customers so I waited 5 mins for someone to come to the register to greet me. Egg sandwiches come frozen and are nuked. Staff is not educated about the food or the coffee. Very sad this a new place but service is horrible. Don't ever get food at any Starbucks.
4	A typical Starbucks layout but the baristas are very quick here and it is one Starbucks that has never disapointed for a good pull. The place is always clean and the employees can been found with a smile on their faces.
2	I love starbucks. And this place is within my walking distance so I came here.one thing I noticed before also that the attendants are too busy always. I don't understand why. Coz there are always few customer whenever I go.last time I came here there were 2 boys and 1 boys attending everyone.the boy who took my order was pretty friendly and good attendant.but other two attendants were so busy talking with each other that I had to wait more than 10 mnts (though there were no other customer) and as after she gave me my coffee she had no time to say anything or to give a single reply of thanks.
