3	I stopped by this restaurant for lunch the other day with 2 friends and was very impressed by all that they have on hand.  The menu, in paper and on the wall, is quite large, and with just enough time to eat and run to the next appointment, I quickly skimmed the menu and settled on a half sandwich (roast beef) and the New England clam chowder.  One friend chose the same as me except the potato soup and a 1/2 of aturkey club, and the other friend chose a cheesy baked potato.  If you are familiar with this restaurant, which has many locations throughout the Charlotte area, you will remember that you must order at the counter.  It was a very quick and friendly process at this location.  Also, a nice older gentleman that comes around and ask you how you are doing, if he can be of any help, and asks if he can clear stuff away for you.  Now the food part:  My roast beef sandwich was lacking in thickness of meat, and a bit fatty on the roast beef.  My New England clam chowder was hot...it's hard to please a New Englander when it comes to chowda'...but not hardly any clams, too uniformed cut potatoes and lots of emulsifiers does not a chowder make. Now onto my friends plates.  The potato soup was described as hot and creamy and the 1/2 a turkey club sandwich was quite large and nicely put together.  The baked potato that my other friend had was gi-normous.  I'm telling you, this thing could have been used as a regulation sized football.  Where the heck do they find potatoes that big I wonder?  Really, I had to do a triple take to see whether it was 2 potoatoes cleverly disguised as one, but it wasn't, it was just one big 'tater.  Okay, I know, I'm going to far on the size of the potato, but boy did it look goooooooddd!  It had 2 types of cheese, a nice cheddar cheese for color and a wonderful stringy mozzarella.  The prices for all these items came up to about $25.00.  Really pretty good for 3 people needing a quick lunch.I'll go back to McAlister's again, but I think, next time, I'll be ordering that pig skin of a potato!
3	Sigh...to be honest, there is just no good food option in this shopping center. This Mccalister falls short just like many mccalisters. The lighting in here is kind of dark. The food...it lacks flavor. Don't come here if you want a good sandwich, which is funny because it is a deli. The typical scene you can expect is you come in, order with one of the high schooler staff up front and retrieve your food when it's ready at the counter. So-so food...ok price here for what you get.
3	I came back here today (6/21/2013) to grab a veggie griller sandwich for dinner with a side of potato salad (see picture).  When I walked in I was welcomed by the worker at the order counter. She was very courteous and nice, patient and offered pretty good advice, or at least she tries to. I asked her between the mashed potato and the potato salad, which side was better. She said definitely the potato salad. I never tried the mashed potato here but the potato salad I got was pretty great, at least much better than my sandwich. To proceed with my story, after she took my order, She handed the order over the kitchen counter and gives it to another high school/college student who is making the orders. The cook looked like she was ready to get out and dislikes her job a lot. I picked a table out on the patio to sit, which was quite nice. It has a sun roof, metal tables and chairs, fenced in privacy with the shrubs. My order was brought out to me by the lady who took my order. When she puts my food down she asked if I wanted anything else. The food was OK. I think it definitely reflects that not a lot of attention was put on the making of the food, by the impatience of the cook. My veggie griller was a 3/5 ish...so it was not AMAZING like the girl who took my order had said. But it's alright, at least she was trying to be peppy and encouraging. You cannot refill your own drinks at Mcalister's. You also cannot order fries with your sandwich, which is not an option for the sides. The ambiance is dark on the inside, that is why I chose to sit on the patio. I have tried several of Mcalister's sandwiches and none of them were more than a 3/5. That is the thing, if you are ok with paying an average of $8.50 for a sandwich and a small side made by an inexperienced high schooler cook. I have nothing against Mcalister's hiring the younger population, because I know how it is when you need to make money for the summer or during the school year to have some pocket money. However, this is just something customers need to take into consideration, you can't expect gourmet sandwichs here. I think the next time I go back I'll try one of their spuds(fancy baked potato)...But i have not yet been able to justify paying $8 for a baked potato...
4	Solid 4 stars.  I was visiting family over the hoildays and we stopped in one day for lunch.  5 of us total and the total cost was about $45.  I ordered the "Half and Half" essentially.  For the soup, I got chilli and salad as the other half.  Chilli came out hot and was a good size for being a bowl.  Salad was good too, had pecans, bleu cheese, good dressing and some onion on it.  The rest of the family ordered sandwhiches, which were good sizes for the price.  Most of us got drinks (fountain or Ice Tea) and the drink sizes are pretty much one size and huge.  I wish we would have had the option of choosing drink sizes, because I didn't want as much as I had.  Nice little place to try if you get a chance as they have a lot to choose from
5	This is my usual Mcallister's. The staff is always wonderful, the food is cooked quickly and when I dine in the service is always great.
3	I am not sure if it speaks to the location of the restaurant, or that I am absolutely oblivious to my surroundings, but I visited this shopping center no less than 10 times before I even noticed this McAlister's in the parking lot.  Close to a Teeter, CVS and Starbucks, this makes for a place to eat with slightly healthier options (if you choose) than the Hawthorne's and Lotus II that are in the area.My first visit on a Kids Eat Free Tuesday (I had been at Salon 42 across the street for 2 hours and my stomach was eating through to my spine or I would have kept on moving when I saw that sign) was less than impressive.  My club had bacon pieces instead of strips and the bread was kind of stale.  But there was plenty of meat and the potato salad side was good.My second visit for ultimate nachos was A-OK.  Chips were as good as bagged chips get, smothered with cheese and chili, it made for a decent snack before grocery shopping (don't grocery shop hangry!).At the start of summer 2014, they had some new tea and lemonade concoctions.  I decided to try the strawberry lemonade - which is McAlister's lemonade with strawberry syrup and topped with fresh strawberries.  It was quite refreshing and good.  They also have a mixed berry and a watermelon lemonade.  I shall return to try those.  The staff was pleasant on both of my visits (especially the second on 5/30, late afternoon, there was a brunette gentleman working that was a delight, in case anyone from McAlister's reads this).  Lots of choices ranging from healthy salads to baked potatoes with every protein and dairy product imaginable.  While McAlister's is never my first choice, this location is convenient to where I live and shop so I am sure I will be returning.
4	The people working were really nice and our food was good but could have been more evenly distributed, one side of the sandwich was really loaded with everything then the other side was just bread? But was still a good half sandwich.
