2	Cheap stuff, not so great selection for tall people.  Long lines to check out.  Snotty staff.
1	I have shopped at Old Navy for years. Never again. The store manager Aundrea Turner cost the company my business as well as the business of my friends and family. All over $9. The whole thing started on Saturday when I purchased 3 dresses for my niece during the one day sale. I bought them at Colonnade. The sale was a one day sale on girls tank dresses for $7. The dresses were clearly marked $7 and there were a mix of solids and print. I bought 3 with prints.  The dresses I picked were all from the side of the display rack that had a $7 sign. They weren't just one or two mixed in there were full size runs. The other side of the rack had tunics for $8.50.  I was charged $10 each. Unfortunately, I didn't notice until this morning when I looked at the receipt. I live by Arrowhead and that's the location I went to for a price adjustment receipt and dresses in hand. I waited in line for 10 minutes before someone helped me. The cashier checked with whom I assumed to be an assistant manager or lead. I was told that the Arrowhead location didn't have this style (same style just a print instead of solid) on sale but they would call the location I went to for verification. I waited for nearly 10 minutes and in front of me the cashier told the same lead that the Colonnade location had put them on sale for $7 because they had such little inventory of the ones that were actually on sale. He then asked if he should just refund me the difference. She told him no and went to check with the store manager. After waiting another 5 minutes she came back and said if I wanted the price difference I would have to take it to the Colonnade store for a refund. I asked to speak with the manager. We waited 10 more minutes for her to come out. From the start she was defensive and rude. She told me that she called that store (because apparently she didn't believe the employee that had already called them in front of me) and told me that I was wrong they never had the dresses set up like that and if there was a mistake, it was that store's mistake and they would be the ones that needed to fix it not her. That's right. She said. Multiple times actually. I told her I am not driving 25 min to get a price refund and she said I can keep the dresses or return them. I asked for a refund and she told me to get back in line and walked off.This behavior is completely uncalled for by anyone no matter what store it is or what their position is.The price difference wasn't huge and I probably would have kept them. I was even planning on doing some more shopping. My mom even had several items in her hand and put them back.I won't ever be back.
3	I haven't been to Old Navy in awhile. Maybe the commercials had an effect on me and subconsciously made me want to check the store out and I'm glad I did.I didn't realize until today that the store had undergone an overhaul in restructuring. Everything is well lit now, especially in the dressing rooms and even in the strange "quick change rooms." Navigating through the store is still convoluted, but maybe since I got there close to when the store opened, it wasn't as messy as it usually is with clutter on the floors or shelves. In the past, the clutter had turned me off from even going into the store. I just would get so frustrated and leave. Today, I had a better experience. They had plenty of every size available in shorts and summer tanks/shirts, which is what I came to check out. I got a couple of shorts, a swim cover up dress, and some clearance tops. I was able to get alot considering what I'd spent. Quality wise, I know these clothes may not last a long time, but oh well, I just wanted something cute and affordable. The staff was really friendly when I walked in and when I tried on clothes, so you could tell they are making a good effort to give you an energized, friendly experience when shopping. I'm sure that this energy may die off though as the day goes on, because there is so much stuff to try and keep clutter-free at this store.
2	Creepy Manikin alert!Upon entering the store, you immediately think that some Twilight Zone episode has come to life as their creepy multi-cultural manikins greet you with vacant stares and zombie-like poses.  My wife insisted on picking up some seasonal items here, but if only I had known the horror of this store I would have avoided it. Also, this store had an above average number of annoying type personalities shopping there.
1	The manager there was a piece of work. I told her what was going on with my card and that I needed her help so that I can buy my daughter a dress for tomorrow for her speech. I had all my info plus a picture ID, she tried to tell me this and that and I had to tell her that a manger from another store further was willing to help me. She should know who she is. No class, no tack, no home training, no knowledge of customer service, nasty person. Don't come to this store if you want customer service because she is incompetent and the service there is horrible. Spend your money at a different Old Navy store. She is short, dark hair, heavy set, lousy personality, lacks poor judgment and just lost her store a customer and money to boot. Ooh and yes lady, I have money on my card so. Maybe in the future you will treat your customers with respect and you will get respect in return. The BBB is next on my list. Possible former OLD Navy customer.
3	Really good stuff here but they can't seem never find my size but the people are really helpful if they can't find size someone can  order for you online and you get it right to your house.
2	Great deals today.This Old Navy is probably one of the cleanest stores you'll ever see it's always nice and clean and the staff is very helpful I'm sure if you ask them the may even dress you that's how friendly and helpful they are.
