5	I was in Wickenburg a few weeks ago, it was hot and we decided to stop in at Chaparral for some Ice Cream.  After speaking with the owners we learned they had just taken over ownership and have been working very hard to turn the place around.  They make all of the ice cream in house and have just started serving a variety of sandwiches, pizzas and other homemade treats.  I tried the Hassayampa Mud, (it is a coffee ice cream with some other ingredients I can't remember) and I am still craving another scoop!  My sister had the caramel and nut with yummy homade carmel sauce on top (sorry I can't remember the name)  and loved every lick!  I would definitely tell anyone in the Wickenburg (even if you are just passing by) area that this is a must try!  Oh and I thought the cutest part was the little gift shop they have set up for browsing.
4	Yummy stuff -  good valueThe BF had the warm apple crisp with vanilla ice cream - scarfed it down in no time.  I managed to get a bite before he finished; it was very good, nice slices of apple, good topping.I had two scoops (and they are HUGE).  One was a sugar-free amaretto, with lots of almond bits.  The other scoop was a half-and-half of maple walnut (definitely would order that again, and I bet it would be great on top of that apple crisp), and lemon, which was rich and creamy.They have lunch items on the menu - pizza, salads, sandwiches.  They offer fund-raising events for schools, and have love music during the weekend.  Nice staff....
5	Great Family Owned Business. My 11 yo daughter and I were on a road trip across AZ and we decided to stop in Wickenburg before we left for California. Great Ice Cream, great atmosphere - live country music while we were there. Very personable staff. We decided to stay the night and one of the owners recomended some places in town. Found out the owners were transplanted Californians - I think they are on to something.  Worth stopping for when you are in Wickenburg.
4	Chaparral was a FIND on a long drive to Phoenix. The ambiance, food, and of course, ice cream was worth a detour off the main road. I had the bratwurst with boysenberry caramelized onions, and my wife had the jail break sandwich. They were both unexpectedly delicious (I say that because all the talk was about their ice cream, but the food delivered). There is a nice little touch of cheese and crackers that come with your meal as well. Good for the kiddies. The ice cream was good, but not memorable. We did however, love the live musician who played while we ate. It was one of the few times where the music wasn't so overbearing that you can't hear yourself eat, and just nice enough to complement a good visit. If we pass this way again, we will surely return.
4	Heck yes! This place is what Yelp is all about. I came here a few weeks ago on a sort of vacation in the desert. Depending on the Yelp app alone, I found this ice cream shop but all it had was one 3 year old review! Never the less, it looked great and it was right in the area I happened to be in already. Having had a long week in hot weather, nothing sounded better than an ice cream sundae - for lunch! But it gets better! They actually serve food in addition to sundaes, shakes and ice cream. So while all I had initially wanted was a big ass sundae, I found myself also ordering a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I believe it was locally made peanut butter and then there were at least 5 options of jelly/jams and even honey. WIth a black and white checkered floor, wrought iron tables and chairs, a few booths, and even a stage set up for live music, this is quite the hoppin' spot! Nestled right downtown I imagine it's a real staple for Wickenburg. In fact, in the 5 days I was there I actually went back twice. Definitely a must-see spot in W-burg.
4	Delicious prickly pear and boysenberry although a little too sweet.  Live music.  Comfortable.
5	Delicious homemade vanilla ice cream with spicy cocoa topping. Even had live music in the middle of the Saturday afternoon. Very pleasant.
2	The worst restaurant experience we have had in a long while. We arrived and ordered lunch. There were maybe 20 people in the restaurant. Apparently the party of 6 that ordered ahead of us completely overwhelmed them. We bussed our own table so we would have somewhere to sit and had to wipe ice cream off of it. We waited for a half hour and then had to walk up and ask for the drinks we had ordered. 10 minutes later lunch came. I had ordered my pizza without cheese. A 40 minute wait for lunch with children and then the food came out wrong. She did refund me for the pizza and try to make it right by giving the kids free ice cream but the owner or manager is doing a terrible job of staffing. If you have a ice cream parlor in a tourist area you should have it fully staffed on a Saturday afternoon,and the guy with the big earring is doing nothing but standing around staring. You could probably do without him.
5	We visited here after going to the museum. This is a lunch and ice cream place.Live music was playing as we ate our ice cream. I had the special for the week or month, which contained honey roasted cashews. How can you go wrong with that.We recommend
1	We went into this place for lunch, but promptly left for 2 reasons.   1. It smelled like a sewer and 2; there were NO customers at lunch time.  The place across the street was standing room only.  Place was cold temperature - wise as well as decoration-wise.  Too bad.
5	Great ice cream and sorbet.. friendly staff.  Live music when we were there.  Love the local flavor of this place.  Authentic.
4	First visit so I sampled several flavors; the winners were Hassayampa Mud (chocolate/coffee) and Prickly Pear, which seemed regionally appropriate as well as tasty. Good textures although the Mud was oddly resistant to melting. I also liked the flavor of the Amaretto sugar free ice cream but the server said they don't make that one in-house so I skipped it. A guy played cowboy songs in the front of the shop - nice ambience. Only tried the ice cream but will save room for a sandwich next time because the offerings sound adventurous.
5	Yummy homemade ice cream! Pricey but worth it. PLEASE NOTE: New location as of mid-November - next to McDonald's
5	So we read that Chaparral has the best ice cream around; homemade actually.  We had also read that they were moving but we saw the store so checked it out.  There was a closed sign on the door.  Then we saw it again across the river so we went there......well they were moving all right and were not set up for business.  I walked in and they were sitting around relaxing for a while and I said I was so sorry they were not open for business.  We chatted some and I thanked them and headed back to the car.  Then suddenly out comes one of the guys and tells us to come back in; they said they have some in the freezer that they moved in the morning.   They asked what flavor and we said we didn't care so they brought us each cappuccino.  We sat down on something and ate our ice cream and chatted.  We tried to pay but they wouldn't accept any money.  The owner is so nice and friendly, oh and yes the ice cream was delicious.   Apparently they have food as well but of course we do not know what they have to offer. Thank you Chaparral for a great experience and story.
5	Outstanding. The coffee is excellent and the ice cream is the best in Wickenburg and the breakfasts are really good too. I recommend the milkshakes.
