1	Now, I can't speak for the other clinics, but this place is terrible. First off, the quality of service is mediocre. They also force you to always see the same dentist and hygienist, so they can never schedule an appointment in a reasonable amount of time or when you need it, think 3 month waiting period, like you have some lasting relationship with someone you've only seen for 5 min once every 6 mos. I dread my dentist appointment because it means I'll have to move my whole schedule around to accommodate it and if something comes up, I have to wait weeks (at least) to get another appointment.The only reason I go is because GHC forces you to use them for dental coverage, I think I'm going to drop GHC just because I hate going here for dental.
1	Wow, so I did not end up going to this office because the phone service was terrible.  They were so rude and no helpful at all.The receptionist barked at me about my lack of availability for appointment time.  They left me on hold for nearly twenty minutes.  I can not attest for anything else, but the receptionist has a terrible attitude.
5	Ted Lovcik is a great dentist. Used him for 20 years. Never had a problem.
1	Dentist:Service is very mediocre, you feel as though there is an assembly line and you are just a product that needs to get to the other end.The staff are not pleasant, again pretty much In a rush to get you out the door and the insurance to pay.If you need an appointment you'll have to wait for months ... Really ridiculous all around.  Orthodontist:One of my kids needed orthodontic work (my third kid treated here) yet their prices are higher than most the other clinics, the orthodontist actually said to me they price their cost with benevolence as if to imply they are doing you a favor to get paid over $6k for a total of leas than 10 hours of work I'm glad we changed dentists and orthodontists, we put up with them for far too long; I recommend you seek other options if you can.
1	I would never trust them for more than cleaning my teeth! You walk in to get a service and you are told it costs $, you go home and then you get a $$$ bill. Very unprofessional staff and dentists. It is more of a business place rather than a "care providing" clinic. If you want to go there, count your teeth before and after!
