2	Relatively new restaurant that we tried for the first time last night. The four of us shared their homemade mozarella cheese with red peppers and prosciutto appetizer that was very tasty. I believe all of their pasta is homemade. My wife and I both had the fettucine with peas, pancetta and bread crumbs in a cream sauce. We both really liked the dish, but the portions were huge and we brought home enough for another dinner. I had the roasted beet salad with gorgonzola, which was excellent and was large enough to share. One of our dinner mates had the pork loin that he said was nothing special. His date had the ravioli that must have pretty good since it disappeared from her plate. We shared a lemon tart and a Nutella mousse.....both very good. Stagioni is BYOB, which made the evening's bill quite reasonable! The waitstaff were all very efficient and unobtrusive. Well done!!You're probably wondering why I only gave it 2 stars. I would have given it 3.5 except for two things......the noise level was exceedingly high, over 90 decibels most of the time with a peak of 105 after a noisy group joined the room. Sorry but the dining experience is ruined when it gets this loud. Second problem is the single door entry that let chilly air blow over the every time it was opened. Why can't Pittsburgh restaurants use those temporary exterior vestibules like they do in NYC?We will go back again because of the food and hope for a warm evening and a soft spoken crowd.
5	A few friends and I tried this out when it first opened. Fun BYOB, small and intimate. Excellent food. As it just opened some of the food was outstanding, and some was merely quite good. I'm sure at this point, things have smoothed out a bit. Can't wait to go back!
2	I'd been anxious to try this little place since the night i popped a flat tire at the sunoco across the street from it. they had just opened and it had all the things that draw me in to a new place--it was tiny, filled with people who looked to be enjoying their evening, had minimal but satisfying decor, and it was byob. when my birthday rolled around, my friends asked me where i wanted to dine and i chose stagioni. we piled in and were immediately seated at our reserved table for 10, and were very well and happily taken care of. the rest of the place was filled, and our appetizers were great which led me to believe we were in for a flawless dining experience. then, our meals took a long time to appear, and were all just OK. nothing had any special FLAVOR. my best friend's 'shrimp and grits' entree had fantastic, juicy, giant shrimp floating in a bowl of watery, bland grits. not to mention that my rabbit ragu pasta came out looking totally different from another friend's, a mistake which the waitress attempted to remedy by bringing him a separate bowl of the ingredients the chef had forgotten to add to the dish himself. one friend's dish came out 5 minutes after everyone else's had been brought to the table. they brought us 2 complementary desserts to make up for their errors, and i left the place not unhappy, but pretty disappointed. i'd had high hopes for the place. their seasonal menu is very well thought out and the intention is there. the idea is there. but the execution is off. maybe they just aren't yet equipped to handle such big parties, and i may go back again with just one other person to give it one more shot, but overall i was not impressed. granted, the service was fantastic, but i would much prefer to go somewhere else where i can count on getting a good meal than risk the mediocrity i found at stagioni again.
4	I went here last Spring for my birthday, and if you happened to read my previous review on this place, you might be surprised I even tried going back. That first visit was with a big group, the place was pretty new, and they were very busy which made the fact that they fucked up a few things perhaps slightly excusable. I decided then that I'd only ever go back to give it another go if I went with only one other person and not an entourage, and I met a friend there earlier this week for dinner.  The service was excellent, and even though they were busy, our waiter was the right level of attentive and the food was fab. And by fab, I mean fucking delicious. Neither my friend nor I were starving so we skipped appetizers and went straight to entrees. I had the special---Pan roasted quail with sauteed wild mushrooms, a savory bread pudding featuring leeks and walnuts, and merlot pan sauce. HOLY SHIT was it ever good. It was rich and comforting-the best Winter food I'd had in a long time. I'd never had quail before, so I'm not sure if it's always so small, so my only issue with the plate was that I'd have preferred the ratio of bird to bread to be a bit higher. But that was hardly a complaint, as the mushrooms were sauteed to perfection, still maintaining a sight firmness and their earthy flavor, the bird was juicy and the skin crisp and buttery, and the bread pudding was better than any stuffing my Grandma ever whipped up. My friend's pasta was simple but even better than it looked, and I'd DEFINITELY go back now. Yay for Stagioni and their fun, seasonally influenced menu! It was rad to go in to this place freezing my ass off, to end up totally satiated by my Wintery, hearty meal.
5	I fail to understand why this place does not get more buzz.  The food is outstanding.  I especially love the Fettuccini and Rigatoni which are so rich with flavor.  We just went there for NYE dinner and could not have had a more delicious meal.
5	Outstanding!  Bravo!  Molto bene!Went to Stagioni for a business dinner, and what a treat this little gem was!  The food and service was impeccable.  I love the small "hole-in-the-wall" feel.  You can tell that the chef is likely someone with a genuine Italian heritage who has this cuisine in their blood.  The authentic feel really shines.I recommend everything on the menu.  When bringing wine, don't bring anything too abrasive with the reds.  Keep it balanced and fresh on the palate, as these will match best with the food.
5	Outstanding! Stagioni is a place we must have passed countless times without noticing, on a Sunday morning we were looking for a nice alternative to a greasy-eggs brunch we usually find ourselves eating. We noticed Stagioni's reviews all touting the food, and looking at the menu they serve seasonal, local, and organic food wherever possible. Also, the dinner menu changes daily, it seems, which I think is a great way to tell that you're getting fresh, high quality food. Seeing that this place was near us and served Brunch until 2, we called ahead to put our names in and headed over. Arriving at about 1pm, we felt slightly silly having put our name in - the restaurant was totally empty. The walls were nicely decorated, including some art made out of wine-corks, and a bright yellow ceiling. There are about 10 tables inside and 2 outdoor seats and we took our pick. By the end of the meal, though, the restaurant was totally packed.We ordered a french press($3!), fettucini($11), 'eggs in purgatory' - Eggs cooked in marinara sauce over polenta($9), and the spicy potato hash side($3). Our waitress was friendly, and to echo another reviewer perfectly attentive - She was never intrusive, but even while single-handedly managing every table in the restaurant she was never gone too long.Our food came quickly, perfectly portioned for brunch (My girlfriend decided she liked my fettucini too much to let me eat it, so I wound up eating half the fettucini and a little more than half of the eggs and was stuffed) and the flavors were outrageously good. The pasta was fresh, the polenta smooth, the marinara having a rich tomato flavor with fresh herbs. The potatoes were definitely my favorite thing though - just a hint of spice from red pepper flakes, fried with onions and some strips of red pepper to add a hint of sweetness. I could have eaten them as a meal alone.They are BYOB, but half way through the meal our server came out to us and offered us complimentary mimosas. Absolutely! I'm not sure what prompted this - and as they don't have a license they can only give alcohol, not sell it - but it was an amazing touch on an already amazing meal. I am so excited to have this nearby, I'm already planning when I can go back. And the menu changes so often, I doubt I'll ever get bored of it. For anyone keeping track, we got 2 entrees, a french press, a side, and 2 mimosas for $32 after tip.They were also recently featured in Pittsburgh Magazine's 25 best restaurants. Totally deserved.
5	I've only eaten here once so far, but I know for sure that I will be back. This place is definitely a hidden gem. Typically, I kinda hate places that have super-limited menus, because that often means they also have a pretentious vibe. A vibe that says, "We will only offer you 5 things, and you will eat them, and YOU WILL LIKE IT." However, Stagioni isn't that kinda place. Their menu is small and changes daily, but that's because they source local ingredients, and because the food really is that good. You will find something delectable on any given day. My boyfriend and I went for breakfast. I'd read Yelpers' reviews mentioning the French Press coffee, so naturally, we had to get that. It lived up to the hype. Our waitress pressed it right at our table, and the coffee was utter perfection -- rich, bold, and delicious. Their brunch menu had some items that fit the "unch" part of "brunch", but we went for the stuff that puts the "br" in "brunch", since it was 10am. I had the sausage, spicy potato hash, eggs, and toast, while my boyfriend had the same, only 'bacon' instead of sausage. They do note on the menu that the 'bacon' is actually prosciutto, just FYI. Our meals came out quickly. They don't fill a plate up with a large quantity of food, and that's because it's all such high quality, so there's nothing to make up for, as I quickly discovered after the first bite. The sausage was incredible -- a nice, handformed patty, perfectly spiced. The potato hash, by the way, is only spicy if you happen to put a pepper seed in your mouth, which I was careful not to, because I don't love spicy food. It was perfect potato hash, though -- every tiny cube was perfectly soft, never undercooked, and there was fresh, chiffonade basil ribbons throughout, which added kinda an unexpectedly delish touch, as well as slivers of sauteed red pepper. The eggs were over-easy, and they were delightful. It was obvious they were cooked in high quality olive oil, which lent a great flavor, and they were nicely seasoned with salt and pepper, too. There was a half a piece of thick-cut Italian bread as the 'toast', and it was really, really good. Initially, I was like, "That's it?" but, turns out, this was the perfect amount of food. We didn't leave feeling overly stuffed, or unbuttoning our pants, as often happens at many Pittsburgh eateries (not that I'm knockin' that!). Each element of the meal was just fantastic, and they all worked together to create an extremely satisfying breakfast. I will most definitely be back for dinner. I can't wait to see what else Stagioni has in store!
5	Excellent pastas. Pink snapper was very good.   The stars were the appetizers, esp. the Beans and Greens (deep savory flavor with bitterness from the greens).Was surprised we hadn't heard of this place till very recently.  Will be back, both to try the brunch + again for dinner.  Reasonable prices + BYOB makes this affordable for the best Italian food we've had in Pittsburgh.
5	First rate from start to finish!A small, intimate, restaurant.  I wish we had any of this genre in Houston.A little noisy, but conversation was not troublesome..Started with homemade fresh mozzarella and tomatoe - always a good yardstick for appetizer.   The cheese was served warm, the tomatoes sliced thinly, an the whole result was perfect.Pasta dishes were superb.  We had linguine, gnocchi, and fetucinni, all with tasty but not overpowering sauces. Main entree's were skate and rabbit.  Fish was extremely fresh.  Rabbit was well prepared.Desserts - just fabulous.  Tried the Nutella mouse -the Nutella flavor with incredible lightness.  My favorite was the ricotta cheesecake, taking back to my youth in Brooklyn.  Perfectly done.It's BYOB so the value is excellent.  I can't wait to return on my next visit to Pittsburgh
4	Stagioni has now officially moved from Bloomfield to the South Side. What a great addition to the South Side dining scene. From the sounds of the Bloomfield reviews, things have changed (for the better.)They still have the amazing made-to-order mozzarella. They still have a regularly rotating menu featuring seasonal items. They now have a separate bar area and dining area. You walk directly into the bar area, then you turn into another (quieter) room to reach the dining room. On a Wednesday night, it was lightly crowded, making for a quiet romantic evening. The waitstaff was very attentive - encouraging my husband and I to split a main course along with the mozarella and 2 small pastas - plenty of food for 2. The gnocchi's were delicious little pillows of dough, that I would return for in a heart-beat. A mushroom pasta was equally home-made, but lacked a little excitement. Our main course was the duck breast which was also perfectly cooked. With well-made cocktails and tip, we had a very diverse, filling meal for well under $100. So far, Stagioni doesn't appear to have attracted the crowds it had in Bloomfield. Given the quality of food and relatively reasonable prices, I don't expect the quiet to last long. Here's to hoping they revive their brunch in the South Side location, too!
4	Mallorica or Stagioni....that was my thoughts walking down Carson St with a friend.  Stagioni won because it is new to my neighborhood (and it was closer!)  I was definately impressed!As it was a Birthday dinner, we tried a  number of dishes.  We we served a choice of bread and olive oil as we sat down........bread was good but the olive oil was outstanding.  I was surprised that a good quality was used....that doesn't happen often!  The "made to order" mozzarella was fantasic!  Warm , smooth chewy and deliscious!  (The red peppers served alongside were REALLy good too.)In my opinion you can't eat a proper italian dinner without a pasta course.   The ricotta gnocchi were the best I ever ate.  Different from the potato version, but supremely light, smooth and a good foil to the extremely tasty sauce it was served with!Dinners were a fine Pork Milanese and an extremely flavorful chioppino.We passed on drinks and dessert......total with tip was $95.   It was worth it!I really can't find any faults....service and atmosphere met the high level of the food.  I will be returning!
2	Aw ma-an.  I was really looking forward to coming here.  First of all, it was one of my best boo's birthdays and 2. I was in the mood for what looked to be an awesome menu.  While the company was AH-MAZING (Happy Birthday Rachel!), the service and food were...not.  I was the first to arrive and was cheerfully-enough greeted by the hostess, who I later discovered to be the owner.  Our server-to-be showed me to our lovely table by the window and I was prepped for a delicious experience.  The other guests arrived shortly thereafter and our chatter commenced.  A few things to start - The atmosphere is lovely.  You feel like you're in a parlor setting - very homey and pretty.  The wine took a while to come out, but the hostess/bartender/owner was manning the bar alone so this was completely understandable.  The bread basket was beautiful, but the "can't be bothered" attitude with which it was served by our server was not as delightful.  Our food didn't take long at all, but at first bite I knew it was nothing special.  I ordered Arctic Char (a salmon-like fish as the server correctly informed me).  A note: I ordered the Char without the molasses, so I'm aware that this part of the flavoring was missing.  In any case - and even as someone who prefers their meat to arrive kicking and screaming - the fish was not done as well as it should've been. It walked that line between "is it warm?" or " is it rare;" fine for me usually, though I feel the flavor would've been more complete had it lingered a little longer in the cooking process.  It was complemented by an almost non-existent carrot puree (delicious, but a few more dollops would have sufficed) and a few lentils.  Again - just nothing special.  I'd just as soon taste this type of fish preparation at Eat 'n Park (harsh, I know), and would've paid far less than $21 - a more-than-fair price for fresh fish when prepared correctly.  My fellow birthday partiers ordered pasta; none of which looked (or tasted since I nibbled a couple of bites) like anything special. The bottom line is this: with an inviting atmosphere and the best company one can have, I'm not tough to please in a restaurant...even with less-than-stellar food.  If I throw $30 out the window, I don't really care (don't spread that around).  But, what I'm NOT a fan of at all, is service with an attitude (unless it's the good kind).  Maybe our server was having a bad day. Maybe we were over-friendly (we DID get one marked giggle out of him).  Whatever the case may have been, I really wish he would've taken a deep breath before work that day and gone at it with a smile.  A smile can make all the difference.  I'll try anything twice, so I'm not saying I'll never go back.  I'm just a little burned given that I can never replace a 30th birthday meal for one of my besties.  Here's to 31!
2	I really wanted to like this place after reading so many stellar reviews.  Much to my dismay, it didn't live up to those reviews.  I'm going to hope I just came on an off day.  Did the move from Bloomfield ruin things?  I'll never know since I didn't visit that one...I will say the one plus was the fresh made to order mozzarella plate with heirloom tomatoes, basil, olive oil and balsamic reduction.  For tomatoes being out of season, they weren't too bad.  And the mozz was awesome!  They definitely perfect that dish.For the main dish I ordered the gnocchi in a cream sauce with peas and mushrooms.  I love gnocchi if done right.  Wasn't too into the cream sauce or the actual gnocchi.  It just didn't have much flavor.  And the gnocchi fell flat... or should I say heavy.  I'm so in love with the gnocchi from Il Pizzaiolo in Mt. Lebanon that I can't be fair to anyone else's!  I will also make a note that are service was not to hot.  As I've said many of times, I've served so I know the drill.  Put on the pizzaz to earn your tip.  I know we're not a hard table, we even tried to make the dude laugh, to loosen him up.  didn't work.  He just seemed so over it.  It just makes you feel uncomfortable when you have a server like that.This is the thing though, this place has so many positive reviews that I'm definitely down to try it out again.  Hopefully with a better turnout!
3	It was okay, but not great. Tried both the potato and ricotta gnocchi, the scallops, the duck, and the fresh mozzarella plate. They were all a bit bland.Also, the menu was awfully limited and they actually don't have very many pasta options for an Italian joint. For the price, I'd pass.
5	We bought beers, two appetizers, dinners, and two desserts, thus $40/person. Everything was super delicious, and the portions weren't ridiculous large like most restaurants. It was very cozy, friendly, and classy. They didn't try to rush you out of the restaurant either. Definitely a great find and will definitely go back if given the chance!
4	I decided to visit Stagioni on a recent Friday evening.  The restaurant was buzzing and had a lovely candle-lit glow.  Our appetizer of Made-to-Order Mozzarella was wonderful.  The cheese arrived warm, accompanied by roasted red peppers and prosciutto.  Grilled flat bread was another hit.  The dough was grilled to perfection; crispy on the outside and chewy inside, topped with peppery arugula salad, tangy gorgonzola, and sweet pecans. The ricotta gnocchi was light and cooked perfectly.  The cavatelli was a wonderful paired with asparagus, peas, leeks, mint and prosciutto, but lacked in salt.
2	I had never been to the Bloomfield Stagioni, but when the new one opened on Carson Street, I went with a small group of friends to give it a try.  We went on a Wednesday evening without needing a reservation. However, I highly recommend making one if you plan to dine Thus-Sat. We ordered the mozzarella plate and mussels to start. While I've seen people rave about the former, I found it rather underwhelming for the price.  First of all, the mozzarella doesn't come with tomatoes, but instead with red peppers and olives (sorry, hate em'). The prosciutto was an interesting touch, but not enough to warrant this dish being the most expensive appetizer when it's just a glorified cheese plate. The mussels were good, but I've had better elsewhere. On to the main course. I chose the ricotta gnocchi (which at the time was served with sausage in a red sauce with parmesan. These heavy balls of dough don't come close to my beloved Dish "gnocchi-pillows."What I do like about Stagioni is in all of their pasta entrees, you can choose a dinner or lunch portion. I always find this helpful. Nevertheless, even with the lunch option, most dishes have generous portions. I've been back a few times to try other dishes and unfortunately I've seen their menu shrink in size. Not a good thing, especially during the summer months when so many things are in season! The service varies between friendly bartenders and apathetic waiters. To sum up, Stagioni pales in comparison to many of Pittsburgh's other small Italian restaurants.
4	I returned as promised and still love Stagioni!  I was concerned about some recent reviews, but can tell you that dinner for 5 last night was fantastic.  The food and the service was flawless.  The other 4 dinners called me today to go over the dinner second by second and tell me how much they liked it.  (one is a chef....the  other 2 are grandmothers with a heavy 50's/60's food sensibility!)We had the mozzarella and terrine.  Beet, spinach and brussel sprout salads, and beans and greens.   All were delisious and perfectly made.  The mozzarella plate was fantastic!We had gnocchi and agniolotti as pasta courses...It was nice to have the option for 1/2 size portions!MAins were Strip Steak, Boar, and sausage meetballs.  Each was great!I would have given a 5 star, but I was baffled by the lack of a chicken and shell fish main course on the menu.  The decor is very nice in the restaraunt, but felt dinging because the light were too bright.  Very soft music would have been nice too.Yes, I will be going back!
5	Went to Stagioni last night, my first time , though it is literally right around the corner from my home. WOW!  This was a fabulous culinary experience, from beginning to end. All the naysayers who opine about the "entertainment district" problems of the SoSide don't realize that it's places just like this that make residents resolute in their love for this true walkaround, urban neighborhood.We began with a marvelous home made mozzarella appetizer, accompanied by wafer thin prosciutto and some sort of wonderful pickled peppers. Creamy and slightly sweet, this mozzarella was simply perfect.I chose a half order of the gnocchi with duck ragout as my second course. Savory with meltaway duck, this pasta dish is one of the best I've ever had...anywhere. A hearty dish, but not heavy in any way. How someone could refer to this gnocchi as heavy defies explanation.I could have stopped there and been completely content and my hunger sated, but as it was my first visit, I was compelled to order on! I chose the wild boar, plated over a bed of kale and polenta. Rich and fork tender, this was the perfect comfort food to counter the cold, snowy evening. The kale was a genius touch, it's mild crunch and pleasant bitterness was the perfect foil for the savory boar and dreamy/creamy polenta. I asked for the remainder in a to go bag, and this morning I'll enjoy it with runny eggs and cheesy grits for a fabulous breakfast.No dessert was had, so I can't comment there, but the superb food, more than adequate wine list, and efficient, but never interfering, service all came together for a simply remarkable meal. I love Stagioni, can't wait to return, and feel so lucky to be able to walk around the corner and feast on such sublime food.
5	I checked out their menu before going and wasn't sure what to expect as they have limited choices on their menu but didn't leave disappointed!Service was absolutely amazing. Our waitress explained the menu, how they made their house mozzarella & helped make accommodations for those who were gluten free at the table. We started with homemade mozzarella (a must!!) & greens and beans. Both were spectacular. I got the fluke which was served in a mild broth over wild rice and shrimp. Absolutely delicious. Also, shared an array of desserts (butterscotch pudding, pana cotta).Waitress explained they switch up menu quite frequently and try to bring in as much local produce and game as possible. I will definitely be going back the next time they change up the menu.
4	Though I generally steer clear of the South Side (since I'm not pledging or having a bachelorette party), my family and I headed there on Thursday for our first visit to Stagioni. Though there were a few notable missteps, the lovely atmosphere and a few top-notch dishes ensured I'll be back for more.The Good: Fried squash blossoms with ricotta mousse (not terribly creative but so tasty it didn't matter), my cocktail (managed to make Aperol and Fernet work in one glass), the quail (nicely charred but still juicy through and through), all of the desserts (the olive oil cake with a lemon-bay leaf ice cream in particular)The Not So Good: The made-to-order mozzarella (the accompaniments were nice but the cheese was bland and rubbery), the duck (the fat was barely rendered, making for some tough eating), our server (high-strung and clearly trying to leave, he dropped our check when we were just starting dessert)Though it wasn't the most consistent meal, the high points were high indeed. With an accessible wine list and excellent desserts, this would also be a great after-dinner spot.
5	We were able to get day-of reservations for a Friday night at 8:30pm.  The restaurant was small, tastefully decorated and brighter than your average evening fine dining restaurant.We got:-two glasses of Cabernet- great wine -fresh mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes.  Delicious with a little coarse salt and balsamic-chopped salad with a little cheese, salami and a very tasty vinaigrette.  Even though I am not much of a salad person, it was great and tasted very fresh-salad with balsamic dressing - wasn't as good as the chopped salad, but still quite good-half order of fresh pasta with Parmesan, zucchini and tomatoes -the perfect size for a lighter meal- I ate all of it.  I worried the pasta would be too heavy for a late dinner, but it was perfect in the smaller portion-skirt steak- this was my boyfriend's third dish with balsamic.  Perhaps by that time he had had enough balsamic, but it wasn't stellar.  The meat was cooked perfectly and the portion was generous-tiramisu- tasty!-French press coffee and cappuccino- very good as well, fresh Overall, it was an excellent meal and the smaller portions allowed us to try many different things on the menu.  Without a doubt, we will be back as the menu changes seasonally/weekly.  The menu was smaller so you could tell how the chefs spent time curating each dish and picking items in season.
4	Went to Stagioni after a long wait since reading about it in Pittsburgh Magazine as one of the top restaurants in the city.  I made a reservation for four (my wife, daughter of 13 , son of 14, and me) at 6:00pm. I'll start by saying the food and service were excellent. The atmosphere was surprisingly subdued for a Saturday night at 6 on the Southside the night before a home Steelers game. It was like a funeral home in there when we first walked in and didn't liven up at all by around 7 when we left.  I wasn't expecting DisneyWorld but I was expecting more tables to be full and a little more "restaurant noise".  It was very quiet so our dinner conversation was very quiet too to match the ambiance. A little uncomfortable for a kid from an Irish-Italian family from "Jersey", if you know what I mean.  The food, like I said, was excellent. We started with the fresh mozzarella and heirloom tomato dish (apparently so does almost everybody) and it was fantastic. The cheese is served warm (but not melted) over the tomatoes and enhanced by a balsamic reduction and a touch of sea salt.  For dinner, my wife and daughter are not as adventurous as my son and me, so they got the linguine and the gnocchi, respectively, with a house made tomato sauce they have at the ready for just such customers. A great idea and they both loved the fresh made pasta.  My son also had the gnocchi but had it the way the chef planned on serving it, crumbled Italian sausage and bitter greens in an olive oil based white wine sauce. He loved it and actually said the greens were the best part for him! What!?!  I had the fettuccini in a brown butter sauce with lobster meat. The fresh pasta was outstanding, the sauce had a TON of flavor and complimented the lobster really well.  I forgot to mention the gnocchi was a ricotta based and not potato, great move and done perfectly.Our server was very nice and attentive. She got us what we wanted in a timely fashion, water, bread (Italian, sourdough or ciabatta), wine for us and soda for the kids. All things considered, I would go back for the food and service but not the atmosphere.  The chef seems bold and adventurous and changes the menu often, so we were told. I'll have to go back to find out...
4	Enjoyed a good meal late on a Saturday PM.   Surprisingly not crowded, given the reviews, but traffic picked up a bit later in the evening.   Service was outstanding - the waiter explained dishes well, inquired in-depth about food allergies in response to a question about a specific ingredient, and paced the meal perfectly.   Appetizer of the fresh mozzarella with tomatoes was great.   Food was well-prepared, portions were adequate if not a bit on the small side.    Worth a trip.
4	First off, this is not a BYOB restaurant as mentioned by another reviewer.  The dining area is small but was not crowded so that was okay.  We started off with the mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes - wonderful!  We were served a small dish of rosemary infused olive oil and a choice of three different breads (ciabata, Italian and one other).  Oddly they are somewhat stingy with the bread, giving you only one half slice of your choice.  They will give you more if you ask but they don't offer.  We had a lot of olive oil left in the dish - however, it was really good!   Hubby had the Lobster Fettucine and I had the green tomato Linguine.  We both ordered the half portion and there was plenty.  Both were to our liking.  I should mention that the pasta is made there and was very good.  We opted out of dessert but now I'm regretting it.  We shared a bottle of Pinot Noir and overall had a delicious experience.  One other odd note, the owner or manager (not sure his role) spent his time hovering in the doorway wathcing people eat.  He didn't seem to have anything to do other than listen in on coversations and watch people.  It was a little unnerving.
4	EXCELLENT!Very cute new building in South Side, service was fantastic, and the food is delicious. The homemade mozzarella and chop salad were some of the best I've ever had. Will definitely return!
1	The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice.  Unfortunately, that is all.  Our server was a disappointment.  Did not explain dishes correctly, did not ask how any of our plates tasted.  When my wife pointed out something on her plate which didn't taste good, his words were, "oh, ok".  After a while we decided to relate or communication with the host.  The food was a big disappointment, which seems to be normal for Pittsburgh.  Appetizer of Mozzarella and Prosciutto was way too large.  The cheese was bland, and the prosciutto sub par in taste.  Nothing creative on the plate, just slices of meat, a big ball of cheese, some vinegar, and a roasted yellow pepper compote (which actually tasted nice).  The other appetizer was Polenta which was smothered in what we believe to be a ragout which used canned mushrooms.  If they were not canned then they were made far too early for this service, or quite possibly the day before.  This plate was a major crash - terrible.After this we shared a salad of endive and radicchio which had way too much Pecorino, not enough acid in the vinaigrette, and was chopped very sloppy in the kitchen.  The plate was boring and not tasty.  I asked for a lemon to add some vibrancy and acidity to the dish, this was the only way to give it life.On to the mains:My wife had duck.  First let me say the duck on the plate was cooked outstanding, but everything else on the plate was terrible and didn't make sense.  I think the duck was cooked sous vide, as it was perfectly moist.  This led me to think, "how can this chef have so many bland and imperfect dishes, but nail the duck".  Quite possibly this technique of cooking duck came from another restaurant chef in town?  hmmm, Salt of The Earth?I ordered what they called a lamb steak.  Very tough and chewy, over salted, and way too large.  It was paired with crispy gnocchi which had no chance of being crispy because they laid the steak on top of the gnocchi.  Also, the gnocchi was flat....in terms of prep this basically means that whoever made it overworked the dough.  We shared a bottle of cheap Italian wine, which had the typical American triple mark up in price.  No dessert, and all this for only $130enjoy!
4	We ordered the homemade mozzarella plate as an appetizer and it was soooo good and I'm not even a huge fan of fresh mozzarella.  They sprinkled some salt on top which I think balanced the flavor of the cheese and the balsamic drizzle.  For the entree, I ordered the scallops with roasted cauliflower, pine nuts, golden raisins and parsley.  The scallops were fresh and delish!  I would highly recommend.  Most of the friends I was with ordered the gnocchi and really enjoyed it.  All in all, everyone was really satisfied with their meal and we didn't feel rushed to finish so were able to enjoy a relaxed meal together.
2	Because we went here with great friends, I think I'm ranking the experience better than I would have otherwise.  Our waitress was pretty much nonexistent and we were dying to order our wine!  We waited 15 minutes prior to anyone even greeting us.  We ordered two appetizers, the carpacio and their homemade mozzarella--both were delish!!  Hubby ordered the seafood brodetto, but was disappointed because the scallops were not on the dish.  It took forever for the waitress to check on us, so by the time she did hubby was already done with the dish.  When I told her about the scallops she just offered an apology.  I honestly expected her to offer him some then, or a dessert on the house.  Nothing.  I had a 1/2 portion of the green tomato pasta.  The sauce was good, but nothing that I couldn't make myself at home.  The homemade pasta was excellent!  The couple we were with said they loved their food:  duck breast and the daily fish dish.  We ordered their olive oil cake for dessert.  It was a couple crumbs on the plate, literally.  I think we had two pieces, the size of a 50 cent piece, with 4 little meringues, each the size of a quarter, and some limoncello gelato--tiny as well.  That, though, was a delight in the mouth!!So, I couldn't wait to get here--wanted to go since they were in Bloomfield--but I have to say I was disappointed.  For $125 each couple, I wanted it to be a better experience.
5	Full disclosure. I adore Stagioni's, but I've never actually eaten in the restaurant. Each time I've been there, I've eaten at the intimate, granite-topped, 4-seater bar as you enter. If you're lucky enough to snag a barstool at said bar, you've hit the jackpot!The bartenders are skilled, friendly and knowledgeable about the both wares behind them and the menu of fine, very approachable Italian cuisine. Trust their recommendations on both food and drink...they know their stuff.Our recent visit started with cocktails...a Salty Italian for me, a classic Gibson for my dining companion. Both were perfection. Being New Year's Eve, instead of a big meal, we made dinner of several appetizers and dessert...and another cocktail each! If you try nothing else at Stagioni's, do NOT miss the Brussels Sprouts Slaw! Shaved, crisp and lacy sprouts, salty pecorino, bits of sweet dates, crunchy toasted hazelnuts and a dressing of browned butter and damned good sherry vinegar was the delight of the night! I easily could have ordered a second heaping bowl for dessert!We also shared tender sweet shrimp atop a bed of crushed, olive oil dressed and seasoned chickpeas and a tart, snappy giardinare of fresh fennel, carrots, onion and radishes. The dishes complemented each other beautifully! To finish the evening, we shared a pistachio semi freddo crowned with a healthy sprinkling of cocoa nibs, nestled in a pool of orange creme...cold and creamy and crunchy...nice ending! Oh, to accompany desert I sipped a classic Manhattan while my companion enjoyed a Smokey Snap...Art In The Age Snap with lemon syrup, a touch of scotch and an orange twist. Yum!I'm sure my experience would have been just as wonderful seated in the cozy dining room...it always looks so warm and inviting from my perch at the bar...but why buck what is tradition by now?!
5	Stagioni is definitely a refreshing step up from most other South Side restaurants. We enjoyed a few glasses of wine while sampling a few of the smaller plates and the gnocchi. We ordered one of the bruschetta options and had mixed feelings about it, but everything else was wonderful. I would have been perfectly happy with several orders of the meatballs for my entire meal, but the gnocchi was great as well. And on top of it, we had the best service that I've had in a long time (from both the hostess and waiter). I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Italian cooking.
2	I'm disappointingly going to have to go with just two stars on this one. Not to say the food wasn't good - but the overall experience - not so good.The couple next to us said it perfectly: "I feel like we're in someones living room".  We sat upstairs and there was only faint, very faint, music playing and everyone was just - whispering. Dining to me is talking, laughing, drinking, eating - sharing stories and enjoying each others company. The stuffy six-inch-voice atmosphere might be appealing to some, but definitely not my cup of tea. But, as per usual, we did our best to make the most of it. Everything on the menu looked appetizing, so it was hard to decide. We decided to share some appetizers so that we could try a few different things. We went with light fare, ordered the salumi and cheese plate, as well as a beet salad to share. We also got a radicchio and endive salad - which was dressed with a very flavorful and tasty vinaigrette. We were happy with our dishes.The service however, was...well...not so great. I wasn't drinking this evening, so I asked the waitress if the bartender could make me some sort of 'mocktail' - she said she would check - I thought she would come back with some options - instead she came back with a very tall glass of fruit juice...not what I was looking for. I then just asked for a sparkling water in a wine glass. We told her we were going to be taking our time and not to hurry, but when we were clearly waiting on another plate, we had to ask her when our salads were coming. My friend also had to order, and then remind after 10 minutes, about her second glass of wine. So, after reading such great reviews, my experience wasn't exactly what I had hoped for or expected...
3	Recently had dinner here celebrating  a friend's birthday with a group of 8 on a Saturday night.  The last time I was in this building it was Le Pommier and the current space still retains the charm that of the now-departed French restaurant.  Overall our dinner was good.  I started off with a nice cocktail, the "Smokey Snap" made with Art in the Ages Snap, a spirit so cool you can't even figure out what it is on it's website.  Another diner at the table liked her Salty Italian (vodka, Aperol, grapefruit bitters, blood orange soda) which has also been complimented in other Yelp reviews.The dinner menu's split into 6 sections (2 different Antipasti sections, Brushcette, salad, pasta, and entrees).  You might be tempted to get one of each.  Unless you have a stomach like one of those hotdog eating champions, don't.  The portions are HUGE.  For example, one of the made to order mozzarella could feed a family of 6.  Likewise, the chicken liver mousse, while although tasty was also monstrous and we would have needed a lot more crostini if we were so inclined to gluttonously attempt to each the entire thing.For an entree I had the wild boar which is always kind of a fun thing to see on menus.  Served with polenta, braised greens, and horseradish, it was pretty good, but nothing special and also huge.The wine selection was mainly Italian and reasonably priced.  I was excited to find a delicious powerful Sangratino (about as tannic as you can get) on the menu.There were a few service missteps.  One of our diners ordered a Jack Daniels with a side of Diet Coke.  They brought him a shot of Jack with a glass of Diet Coke on the side without any ice.  That was a strange occurrence that I hadn't seen before.  Who ever wants a Diet Coke without ice unless they specifically ask for it?  The main problem was that overall our service was extremely slow.  It took forever for the waitress to take our order and for things to come out of the kitchen.  Our dinner of only 2 courses took 3.5 hours, which meant that we were cutting it close with our babysitter.  As this was my only visit to Stagioni, I'm not sure if they're always this slow or not, but it didn't seem very crowded on the night we were there.Overall, Stagioni serves good (but not great)  Italian food with very slow service.  The portions are unnecessarily gigantic.  This limits how much of the menu you can try (unless you want to waste a lot of food).  I definitely would have liked it more if the service was faster and the portions were smaller, allowing diners to put together a multi-course menu.
4	sunday brunch is grand. the food's always good, waitresses and such are lovely... the menu changes often.
4	I went here to celebrate with my family, and this isn't a place that you'd go every weekend. The food is very different, but in an excellent way. It was very delicious, and the wine selection was vast. The waiter was always making sure that our food was up to par, and answered any question we had. The ambiance is very trendy and cozy, and the music playing was very good as well. I'll definitely be coming here again! Yum!
4	I dined at Stagioni last night and had a fantastic experience. I won't go into my expectations prior to arriving, but I did make reservations and would recommend doing so if you dine here. The atmosphere was great (I sat downstairs) and it was small, but intimate and cozy. The kudos continue with the food as well. I had a bottle of wine to start. Then, I proceeded to ask our server a lot of questions. I do this because I am sometimes clueless as to what is on the menu, but I also like to hear how servers describe things and if they get excited/are passionate when describing the menu to me. I enjoyed the menu of Stagioni. Fairly large and diverse, but you can also share pasta meals if you do not want a meat entree. I ordered the risotto balls antipasto, shrimp and salsa verde polenta, mushroom gnocchi, and peppers as a side (I forget their name). I ordered all of this and shared it with my guest. The food was fantastic. Rich in flavor, but simple and delicious. I then proceeded to have a night out at various bars and restaurants where I told everyone how great my experience at Stagioni was. I'll be going again, and I know I convinced others to try it out as well!
5	Let's play a word association game.  When I say East Carson Street, what's the first thing you think of?  Bars? Yeah, sure.  There are so many bars and so little time that many have been known to awaken next to the porcelain throne in a fetal position.  Noise disturbances and fistfights you say? Hmm...perhaps I should just cut to the chase.  Yes, it's definitely true that East Carson Street has a reputation for excessive libation and poor decisions, but there's a diamond shining among the rough.  It's time to ignore the ruckus and treat yourself to the food and atmosphere that Stagioni has waiting for you. Stagioni resides in the once Le Pommier, after relocating from their smaller locale in Bloomfield.  I rather adore the residential feel you get when opening the door.  A staircase, with a lovely wooden railing, will greet you before entering the cozy bar area.  You could dine there and enjoy watching the creation of an elegant cocktail, or you may have reserved one of the granite, tabletops in the dining room.   Once seated, you'll anticipate laying your eyes on the ever-changing, seasonal menu.  Some staple items consistently appear, like their delicate ricotta gnocchi.  But I prefer to take the road less traveled.  One dish that stood out recently was the...To read my full review and check out delicious food pics, please visit:http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2014/04/stagioni-bringing-class-to-east-carson.html
5	This is a small south side restaurant. Chef make simple Italian food. Try the white anchovies with preserved lemons appetizer.  Their handmade pasta is yummy too.
2	Ok, went here for our anniversary dinner. We essentially like Italian food when we go out. Our favs are Davios and Alla Famiglia. This place doesn't compare. It has ok food. Nothing to write home about. We sampled the stuffed peppers beet salad, seafood soup and bolognese pepperdelle. Go some place else. Too many college kids and pompous patrons.
4	First off, I had never heard of this restaurant until a friend suggested we have our quarterly double dinner date here.   With no hype and limited expectations, I wasn't sure what I was in for.  The good news?   What I was in for was a good thing.First off, our waiter was attentive and fabulous.  He was more of a foodie than we were!  I ordered the made to order mozzarella app which was a healthy size with very fresh, ripe heirloom tomatoes and the mozzarella was served warm.  We followed that up with their signature polenta and opted for the version with marinated roasted red peppers.  It wasn't out of this world but it was tasty.   The polenta was hot and was poured on a wooden board with the whole roasted red pepper which was cold.  I would have preferred the roasted red peppers warm/hot.   For dinner, I had the seasonal special, a cheese-filled ravioli type pasta in an apple and brown butter sauce.  Fabulous!   What I didn't love was the dessert menu.  Not a great selection.I'll also note that they have a full wine list but  you can bring your own and pay a $15 corkage fee.   The restaurant is worth a try but it is on the pricier side.
2	I was expecting a lot and was very disappointed. I ordered soup and my friend a salad besides the main course. Both salad/soup and main course arrived at the same time, but I got my food 5/10 minutes after my friend got his. The papardele was mediocre. The gnocchi, which was actually very light and real good, came on a ragout that was so dry looked like what I serve my dog. When the server asked how the food was, I answered "It's ok". There was no reply from her after that, and no inquiry as to why I left 2/3rd on my plate and didn't want to go box. It was a poor experience altogether. The wine was good. I'm sure it wasn't made there.
5	I could never say enough good things about Stagioni! Truly a gem in Pittsburgh's South Side.I have been here several times and each time I go, I try something more wonderful than the visit before. You could go and order all the appetizers for a light and interesting meal (of course, with a fabulous cocktail or glass of wine from their menu). Or, just a simple pasta dish (I love that they have half sizes) will fill you up perfectly! Of course, I never leave without Tiramisu or, the impossibly perfect Nutella Mousse. The atmosphere is casual, yet classy and I've gone dressed to the nines or just in jeans. Bar area is cozy and makes you feel like you comfortable and special in this warm,cozy space.Last note: The homemade Mozzarella? Oh my word. I dream about it. Best thing there, in my opinion! I cannot wait for another visit--so so tasty!
3	Brunch review: On a recent weekend, we made reservations at Stagioni for brunch with the girls. We were seated at a table in the bar section. The restaurant seems to be broken up into several rooms, most likely due To being located in what used to be someone's house. We were instructed to go upstairs to use a bathroom. After reviewing the brunch menu, I noticed it was a quite heavy on egg/savory dishes. In fact, there was only one sweet brunch option, a pistachio waffle with a cherry sauce and whipped cream. I ordered an OJ and the waffle. We then had plenty of time to catch up as our order took over half an hour. In total, we were there for over a hour and a half. Translation: service was very slow. As for the waffle, I enjoyed the slight pistachio flavor and the cherry sauce was great but, it was not heavy enough to sit on top of the waffle. It was easy absorbed into the waffle leaving a mushy center. All in all, I was not impressed with the food or service. I also would like to see more sweet brunch options.
