5	Almost everything in the shop is homemade- the Pear and Ginger jam is absolutely marvelous especially on the home-baked peasant bread. The triple berry tart is an all-time favorite.  Very friendly and pleasant experience!
4	After unsuccessfully trying to find this place first time round I decided I would give it another go....... once I have an idea/place in my head there's no giving up! So.... I managed to find it this time, it is a little out the way, and not particularly well advertised, but that is a good thing! This place is a quiet little haven in a big bustling city like this. There were 2 other ladies there when I sat down for my cappuccino with a toffee and chantilly cream tart (you know just by the name that it is going straight to the hips...... but hey I can deal with that!) and by the time it had arrived I was all alone.... and I loved it. Sometimes I do enjoy the bustle of a good coffee shop, but I could be tempted to go back here with my uni work.... it's just lovely. The frenchy music in the background made a good setting, and the lady who I assume runs the place is so friendly and welcoming... so I would recommend this to anyone who likes a nice peaceful coffee now and again.... oh and a good bit of indulgent cake!!
4	This place is a wee gem, hidden in plain sight. The place has a great feel, and the range of delightful looking sweet and savoury treats is a sight to behold. Their soup was great and the baguette I had was just tremendous. Overall, we said: "French Fancies, whilst not cheap compared with neighbouring takeaway options, offers extremely high quality. I have a feeling that their sit-in prices compare very favourably, something I will certainly be testing, as I can imagine myself popping back here on many occasions in the future. I'd recommend you pay it a visit soon, too, as I have a feeling you'll find it as richly rewarding as I did."
5	A lovely spot hidden away from the hustle and bustle of the busy weekend streets. Lovely homemade food, I especially recommend the Lemon Tarte and the mint tea. The cafe is much larger and lighter than you would expect, with a spacious backroom, mini library to browse and kids area. Also a great place to get thoughtful foodie gifts and treats.
5	If your opinion of 'French' is anything but adoration, this place will change your mind.The staff are so friendly and you really can relax and feel like home there. If nothing else, come for the divine hocolate tarts! PS: They do have wifi but no signs up for it ,so just ask!
