4	I've been going here for about 3 years now and never had a problem with them. Along the same lines, I've been attended to by everyone there, I believe.I've had them give me everything from a buzz cut to a faux hawk to a beard shave.Their prices are pretty reasonable at $17 for a normal cut (but +$3 on Sundays). About the only thing I can say "bad" is that if you are looking for a big chat fest, this isn't the place. Everyone there is pretty quiet and just watches the TVs that are along the wall. But then again... this is a barber shop, not a beauty salon!
4	I'm A FAN, because i got a great hair cut here. But... i got charged extra for sunday service. Since most barber shops are closed sundays, they reap the reward. This was the case for me. I called and searched most barber shops were closed, and i only had time to get a cut on sunday. I knew about this place in the chandler mall. And i knew they only deal with CASH ONLY.  i would go again.
5	Went in for a straight razor shave, best of the best.  Not even a nick, smooth as a baby's butt!I will definitely return here for another shave!Must mention, after calling several other "Barber" shops in the EV, this is the only one that still offers straight razor shaves.The shop is inside Chandler Fashion Square, upstairs next to Sears.
5	I came here for the first time about 4 months ago.  Juan cut my hair and did a fantastic job.  Everyone I know likes the hair cuts I get from here.  The only thing I wonder is what took me so long to go.Ask for Juan.  He's the one to go to here.
5	Excellent and affordable haircut from Juan. I highly recommend him to anyone in the Chandler area. Very interesting that mall customer service and the other busy haircut shops did not mention or refer me to them while I was at the mall. I stumbled on to them later when I was walking.
5	Best haircut and beardtrim I've had in a long time.She really took her time to make it look good and the service was friendly!Would definitely recommend  to anyone!
