1	since high school, I had completed my own taxes but in the spring of 2010 I had Metz & Assoc. complete my 2009 return and although the final price was significantly higher than what was quoted to me at my consultation, I returned again this year to have them prepare my 2010 taxes.After I had paid the bill of $690, I was provided with a copy of my return on which I found several errors.  After the exchange of several emails, I received this from Mr. John Metz "In the interest of getting this finished, we will give you draft copies of your tax return...and complete the return for an additional $200 as long as you don't come back..."I agreed to those terms and the very next day I received my final bill...for $300.
5	I have been bringing both my personal and business tax needs to John Metz for 2 years now.The staff here is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else.
5	Wonderful service! They actually found errors with past filings on my sales taxes and saved me money! They were fast, efficient and not complicated. Worth every penny!Sarah MathesonMatheson Sports Nutrition
1	I was referred here by a Lawyer I was using last year for some matters. Even though he had never used this firm himself he had said this per John Mertz came highly recommended. He had experience in the situation I was dealing with.Wonderful! I made an appt. Gathered all my papers together and went in for an Appt.Everything seemed fine at first, I gave me all my information and he seemed as if he understood my type of job and how we were paid.However, he did not complete my taxes on that day. He said it would take a week.Alright then, worse things could happen.The worst part was, Mr.Mertz did not do my taxes. A new hire assistant did them.He called me a week in to it and wanted me to explain to him how I was paid. I said you have the W2 form there, I have been assured that Mr. Mertz knew how to do it all.Well, Alas Mr. Mertz is far too busy to complete my taxes for a mere $200.00.So 2and a half weeks later when I went back to pick up my Taxes and pay the $200.00 I had told them on the phone they were not to file them until I got there and reviewed it.Well the girl working the desk kept pushing me to sign it. I reminded her that I had spoken to her not more than 30 min. prior with instructions not to file them.Bottom line is , I paid the $200.00, it was done incorrectly and I would tell everyone never to go there again. Unless you want your taxes to be incorrect and have to pay far more than you should.THEY ARE NOT WORTHY OF YOU TIME OR MONEY!
5	If you're looking for a reputable firm to do your taxes then look no further. Having worked with several firms across the valley I hold no reservations when referring clients and friends to Metz & Associates. Not only will they impress you with their honesty and integrity, but they'll also keep you informed throughout the process and answer any questions you may have.
