5	If you're in a band and you're heading to Madison on your next tour, please book a show at the High Noon instead of the Annex.  A far superior venue. Perfect size with a balcony if you want to avoid the riff-raff.  Various bar games (extra points for foosball and various table-top arcade games) to play during band changes.  Also, fine beer on tap and everyone has a crush on the owner.
5	Friendly, cheap, and plenty of room to avoid that arch-nemesis of yours that occasionally turns up (hey, it's inevitable in a town this size!). Great happy hour, Glass Nickel pizza, comfortable patio for the warmer months, and plenty o' stalls in the ladies' room (refreshing, no?). Outside of great live shows they occasionally host craft markets, rummage sales, Boggle tournaments, bingo, and other community entertainment. I like to think of it as the livingroom of the Isthmus, sans couches (and pet hair).
4	Great venue to see live acts, the only way to make it a little better would be to staff the second bar more often.  Way too many times I've been to busy shows, with 300 plus people, and had to fight at the main bar to get a drink.  Use your resources and open up that second bar, dammit!  Anyways, a great venue, and good for smokers in the winter, they have the nice heaters outside always running so you won't get cold enjoying that Lucky Strike if your a hipster, or a nice stogie if you're a power player like me :-)
5	One really has to appreciate this awesome venue in Madison.  In fact, I cannot imagine this town without it. This establishment features reasonable covers, amiable bartenders, almost always clean bathrooms, and a lovely outdoor smoking area in which patrons from all 3 of the bars congregate making for interesting people watching.
5	Best music venue in Madison without a doubt.  No one else even compares.  Great setup, excellent staff, and cheap drinks to boot! Even during shows! And the talent that is brought in is wonderfully varied. Country, bluegrass, indie, occasional hip hop, stoner rock, metal, songwriters, reggae, Gomeroke. You name the genre and the High Noon will probably have a show for you that week.I was just there for a sold out show a couple weeks ago and the place never felt claustrophobic.  There's plenty of room to mill about and enjoy the show in your own way and still be able to pretty easily see the stage. The only downside I saw was the doors not opening until immediately before the first band started. I was hoping to get a few more PBRs in me before then.
4	Nice music venue. I now understand why this place is a lot of people's favorite  place. It's not a huge place, but big enough to host a good size party event. The open floor and the high ceiling give the very spacious feeling. I also adore the balcony level seating. My date and I went bit early for the evening's performance, so we decided to have some drinks and chill at the outside seating area. We didn't know anything about the bands that were performing, and unfortunately, their music was not quite my taste. But that's not High Noon's fault. I'd definitely check the schedule and come back for something that would suit my mood.
4	The High Noon Saloon is the undisputed champion of music venues in Madison due to the excellent mix of national and local acts, excellent bartenders and great acoustics.  I have never had a bad time at the High Noon, even on the nights where I didn't quite like the band.  Definitely 4.5 stars, and I would rate this place a complete 5 if only they had a coat check or at least someplace safe to dump your jacket.  The place is not huge, but a good number of people can fit in making the site attractive for a lot of up-and-coming national acts.  Even when the crowd is well below capacity the place doesn't feel all that empty, and it retains a lot of this atmosphere for the weeknight shows.  Most of my favorite shows over the last four and a half years have been at the High Noon.  A good part of the charm of the place has to do with the legendary owner, Cathy, and the story of O'Cayz Corral.  When I was a young freshman and sophomore at UW I treasured the tiny space that was O'Cayz for their occasional all-ages shows and support of the local music scene, which included several of my close friends and roommates.  I even got to attend a few shows there for free since I was part of the "road crew" - moving amps from our basement to the bar using the old Blazer I borrowed from my father.  It was a terrible loss when O'Cayz burned down.  However, the High Noon rose out of the ashes and Madison is better for it.  I love the small balcony at the back of the bar, above the pool tables and where the roadies set up the merch table.  It's hard to get a table up there if the place is packed, but I love to sit up there and look out over the crowd.  The sound is always very good at the High Noon.  I personally have never felt it to be excessively loud, like the Annex can be, but some of my friends regularly bring earplugs.  The sightlines on the floor are usually clear, although there are a couple of support beams further back that block a bit of the stage.  The bar is always well-stocked, and it usually isn't too hard to get a drink.  The bartenders have always been very friendly, and over the years I've gotten to know several just because I've seen them so many times.  During busier shows a second bar opens on the other side, but they don't have the tap selection on this side so I usually don't bother.  I especially like how the bar carries an unbeatable selection of local micros and cheap bottles of PBR.  I love to have a few Lake Louie's or Bells before the show, but if I drink them throughout I tend to get into trouble.  Show prices are always reasonable, and I've even had will-call tickets transferred on the day-of-show without problem.    There is a nice outdoor patio area with tables and chairs, and you can bring your glasses or bottles out for a smoke break between sets.  There is even waitservice out there during shows, and heaters during the winter for smoking.  Parking can be a challenge, since there is just a small onsite lot that is shared with the Brass Ring and the Brink Lounge.  I always park across the street in the MG&E lots, which are open at night.  There have been a few times when the doors didn't open all that early, but in these situations just head on over the Brass Ring for a drink.  All in all I can't even imagine the last few years of my life without the High Noon Saloon.
2	I attended the day 2 of the Reverence festival at High Noon. I'm not sure what possessed them to host the event, because it was near terrible. Whoever is responsible for the lighting and creating the correct ambiance needs to wake up. Not every show is the bluegrass type, and with bit more effort in creating the appropriate vibe, this place could be so much better. I think they are reasonably equipped to do better production. Otherwise it's just a waste of the space. And if the cover is $16, don't give me the iTune music for 2 hours followed by some lame openers.
3	Good place for live music, and a nice outdoor patio when you actually want to HEAR your friend/date/own thoughts. I enjoy the balcony seats during shows(get there EARLY to snatch one) because I get really cranky when stupid drunk people keep ramming into me. But, that's just me.
3	Meh.My problems with the High Noon are these:1. The cover charge tends to be pretty high.2. There are not many places to sit.3. They have a tendency to start shows pretty late (I just went to one that started at 10pm, and there were *3* bands before the headliner), so, the no-place-to-sit-thing really is an issue.4. The drinks have a tendency to be on the pricey side, too.That aside, I like the High Noon well enough.  It has a nice balcony to sit in (if you're there early enough to get a seat), good bands go there, it's home to Gomeroke (live band karaoke!), the bathrooms aren't terrifying, and the acoustics are good.  But when I find out a band will play the High Noon, my first thought is, "Aw, man..."
5	I saw my first show here last Friday and fell in love with the Saloon instantly.  It was one of the better sounding venues I've been to in recent memory. And drinks were cheap.  I mean, really cheap.  Four beers cost us only $9 which, coming from the Metro in Chicago the night before, where one beer costs about five bucks, this was a really nice treat.  Definitely am looking forward to making the journey up to Madison and the High Noon Saloon sometime in the future.
5	i really like this small venue/bar.  i have traveled here twice (both times for the same act), and have been pretty impressed both times.  i think that the drink prices are reasonable (though i do hail from the west coast, where *everything* is more expensive than in the midwest), and the selection is really good!   i have also found that everyone who works here, from the bartenders to the door people, is friendly and professional.  and the sound is fairly good, even from right in front of the stage (i'd imagine it's great up in the balcony).  the venue is also really clean and well maintained.five stars.  the perfect place to catch medium-sized/up and coming touring acts!
4	This is a great place to see a band, and they get a pretty good variety of national and local musicians in here. The sound is good, as well as the beer selection/prices. I've never ordered food here. They did a nice job with the inside of the place, it looks really cool.I've heard complaints about shows being too expensive, but I'm originally from the Chicago area, where seeing the same band in a much larger venue would be about $10 more. So ticket prices seem reasonable to me.They loose a star because all of their shows start too late (10-11)! By the time the headliner is done, it's 1 or 2 o'clock.
4	Nice (relatively) new venue. Two bars on each sides of the floor, large selection of beer. Strong mixed drinks. It manages to bring in a diverse line-up and I've seen some really good shows here. There's a couple of pool tables although this place is essentially just a music venue. There's an upstairs with tables overlooking the floor.I've been here a couple of times for 2-for-1 Happy Hours. Apparently a well-kept secret even though they advertise for it. Nice patio to have a smoke/drink.Overall a solid place to catch a show and have some drinks.
4	Nice atmosphere for a good show. It was a little rough up on the balcony, due to the terrible sound echoing off the ceiling and having the top of the bar block the stage. But due to the loud obnoxious drunk group behind us, we decided to watch half of the show downstairs, and it was a much better experience. We're going to another show in November, and I'm already looking forward to it.
5	My other favorite place to play/see shows in Madison. The sound is always near perfect. The double bar thing really helps.The only thing that slightly makes shows there not so good is the size of the place. When you go to see a rock show you expect the space to be a little tight. This creates a vibe where everyone feels like they should be moving around together, slamming beers, and having a rowdy time. The High Noon is so big that it's hard to get enough Madisonians to venture a few blocks away from the square to fill it. That's one reason it's better to see national acts there than local ones. Usually you'll see locals opening for the nationals anyway.Also, as a local musician who also tours I'd like to let people know that, $10-$15 is not a lot to pay for a decent show. Many people think they should only be paying about $5 to see a show no matter what size the venue is. Well that would be great if you want bands and sound techs to make no money. I would actually applaud Cathy and the High Noon staff for doing their part to adjust cover prices for inflation. Something that really hasn't been done since the '80s.By the way I think I paid about $12 to see Th' Legendary Shack Shakers with The Paybacks play there a year or two ago and it was one of the best shows I've ever seen.
5	Two bars facing eachother... brilliant.  Good atmosphere, great open venue for shows.  Gomaroake is pretty awesome too.#1 music venue for me.
5	My favorite music spot in Madison, kind of a modern version of Slim's (my favorite venue in San Francisco). Gorgeous architecture, plenty of different spaces to see the band from. You can usually squeeze right up to the front of the stage, or hang a bit back with elbow room, or lounge up on the balcony.  Wide variety of acts, big enough to attract national talent, small enough to have an intimate experience with the band.
5	A bar with good sound!and a good beer selection!why'd they hide the door?
4	This place is GREAT! It was really cool. I was here for a friends company shin-dig where it was a $10 cover for a movie and live band! The drink prices were cheap and if you bought a mixed drink it wasn't a drop of alcohol and the rest coke or something. IT WAS STRONG! It has great decorations like the wild west or something which was really cool! It made you really feel like you were in a Saloon! as ttam f. said, yeah they did kind of hide the door and you wouldn't notice it unless you were looking for it. When you walk in you are greeted by an open area with the main bar to your left and a secondary bar to your right.They have an upper "balcony" or terrace type thing looking down onto the main floor which was really cool. It was almost like a little getaway area. Beer selection? Extensive with some of the most interesting types of beers i have tasted in a while. They also have 1 pool table along with a dart board and some sort of video game... There was also some type of game in the right corner as you walk in but I cannot remember what. They have a jukebox there but from the looks of it, it seems to be a decoration but who knows.This place was a lot of fun, relatively small compared to other places like it but great acoustics and oh, kind of a weird thing to add but extremely clean bathrooms! For some reason it was like entering a different world walking into the bathroom like it was part of a very nice restaurant or something but that is a good thing! The one bad thing about this place as far as my experience went, were some very... Distinguished people who really weren't concerned with your personal space or whether they bump into you or not but they were quick to spin around and say excuse me. To sum it all up? Yippy-ki-aye!
5	Possibly my favorite bar in Madison..because it's so much more than a bar. It can really be whatever you'd like it to be. Want to get trashed? Go for it. Want to meet new people? Go for it. Want to bring a group of friends? Go for it. It has great events all the time from karaoke to live music! It's not a dive bar so you're not going to find super cheap drinks here but its worth paying a little more to actually have fun with live music and usually friendly staff and customers. Noise level REALLY varies here depending on what is going on but because the venue is so big, you can even go upstairs and hear someone talk in most situations. It even has pool and darts.
5	my favorite place in madison to see a band. Good sound, not too big, and friendly staff...
5	Best place to see a show in Madison.  Good bartenders.  Enough room to sit comfortably (assuming you are in early) and also to dance.I have been everywhere in town from bars where the band plays next to the pool table to the Colosseum and if I could have my favorite band play anywhere, it would be The High Noon.
4	Great space, helpful staff, stiff drinks. The food isn't fantastic, but the shows are good enough to distract from that fact. And they *do* have great shows, from local bands to nationally recognized names. The sound set-up is sufficient to handle the bands (which is more than can be said for some other area venues).
4	My favorite place to  see a show in madison.  Bartenders are so nice and I like the overall aesthetic. Sometimes they are a bit overpriced on their shows, but that is life. I especially enjoy the pizza they sell after i've had a couple of beers and need a snack.
5	This is the best larger venue to see shows in Madison!!  Really great staff and great sound quality no matter where you are in the venue!
5	Great venue. Good beer selection.  Easy access and friendly staff.
5	I heart the High Noon Saloon! This is the best place in Madison to see a show. Big names. Up and comers. Local heroes. Even the occasional kids show or charity event. Intimate space, but never feels overcrowded. Well run, and it shows!
4	A coworker of mine coerced me to attend a Sunday night concert at the High Noon Saloon, and in my delirious, sleep-deprived-state-of-mind, I agreed to join him.I say "coerced" because we had been working on a project that was going live that same weekend... our small team arrived to work on Friday morning at 7:00am, and when he made the suggestion at sometime around 4:00pm on Saturday afternoon, it sounded like an excellent idea.  I mean, we'd been up for 33 hours straight, so why not?Fast forward to Sunday at about 5:30pm, and the thought of hitting a concert sounded less than ideal.  But, I made the drive over to HNS and am I glad that I did.  As others have shared, there isn't any real parking to speak of.  Your best bet will be to park in the MG&E lots as Bruce K noted.  It's a short walk (maybe a block) and it beats trying to find street parking, or worse yet, having your car towed.  On our way out of the show, I saw two vehicles being towed for being illegally parked near the venue.Finding the entrance is a bit tricky... it's on the far east side of the building, and it's located on the back side (away from East Wash Ave).  Don't try to enter through the double glass doors near the main parking lot entry.And while I'm not a fan of cover charges, I understand why the HNS has to rely on them.  We paid $10 each to see three bands, so that's more than fair.Once inside, I was pleased to find a large, well maintained venue, complete with hardwood floors, a balcony, and dual bars.  The raised stage was the perfect height; attendees had a clear view of the stage regardless of where they stood.As others have noted, seating is almost non-existent.  Nor were there coat-racks that we could find.  The bars were packed, but the barkeeps did a good job of serving folks in a fairly timely manner.  I think our first round took about 8-10 minutes to receive, but after that, things were much more speedy.  They serve pizza by the slice at the venue; I'm not sure how good it was, nor am I sure of how much it cost.  If you're hoping to eat dinner here, you'll probably want to dine elsewhere.I'm somewhat of an audiophile, so I over-examine sound equipment, the mix, and general quality.  IMHO, the saloon would benefit from a bit more bass, or perhaps from setting a slightly higher cross-over point.  Generally speaking, the sound was good, but it lacked some fullness, and despite having 8 18" subs, the bass was light.  Could've also been a phasing issue... but, with as crowded as it was, I didn't feel like walking around to see if there were peaks and valleys with the sound curve.Overall, a very solid venue.  I'll definitely visit here again.
5	IMHO the best music venue in Madison... Be sure to checkout Gomerokee (every Tues. evening and 1st and 3rd Friday of each month for happy hour) and they have a great happy hour, great 2 for 1 tap beer.
4	Every time I go to the High Noon, I always have a blast! Fairly large space with seating downstairs and upstairs. Decent size stage, bars on both sides of the room (convenient), pretty good beer selection at reasonable prices for this type of venue.  A wide range of events occur at the High Noon, which makes it a pretty cool and versatile establishment. Nerd Nite, bands of all shapes and sounds, Gomerokee (which I still need to check out!). Parking can be a challenge (they have a small lot with about 30 spaces that services three bars), but usually you can find street parking or park in a lot a couple blocks away.
3	The High Noon Saloon is a very nice bar/music venue. I attended a local metal show there a month or so ago and it was an enjoyable time.The High Noon Saloon is a large bar and has a very nice stage for small scaled shows. On the downside, there is very little parking, and the location is slightly out of the downtown area so it isn't convenient to just "drop in" while you're out on the town. I will need to go a few more times to get a better feel for the atmosphere and see if I like the place as a whole.I always appreciate a venue that makes such a consistent effort to put events on their schedule. I'm sure I will be back in the near future.
3	High Noon is a very clean music venue/bar. Lots of space with a good stage area. In front of the stage is plenty of room for dancing, and there is a little seating area downstairs (pub style) and an upstairs area for us old lazy people who want to sit down.Food choice is "limited" to pizza only - so dietary restrictions, eat before you arrive and/or sneak something in.Beer and Liquor selection is average. Liquor drinks ranged 4.50-6.00.However, the night I went (to see 3 bands), I had one major complaint: the sound quality was horrible! I'm not sure who you use as the sound man - is he yours or the bands? Whoever, his "ear" was way off. I had to go home and listen on youtube to actually understand the mumbling from all three bands! I thought I was crazy so I moved around a bit: upstairs center, upstairs stage left, downstairs at the center back, and downstairs center upfront - all bad. I overheard other people commenting about the sound quality as well. The last group I heard was a little better - I could hear the singer and make out some of his words, but this groups' music was a little more geared to the singer solo's.I don't know the excuse: he had the flu, the place is too big, he's been blasted by loud speakers all his life, it was a new guy, it's the style of music, etcI really hope the sound man was with the group(s) and not with High Noon. Although, in speaking with an acquaintance (about a week later), he had the same complaint "Go for the experience, not the best sound." I really want to love this place, but there's really not much point to going to a music joint and not hearing the music. If I wanted death metal from a 70's style pop group, I'd go somewhere else and listen to death metal.I will have to think hard about the loss of $20 to bad sound quality before I return.
5	High Noon Saloon is my favorite music venue on Earth.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
5	NERD NITE IS WHERE IT'S AT! Informal presentation on wacky, nerdy, cool subjects!Last night I learned more than I knew about Derby, Number Stations (look it up) and particle generators in Antarctica. Oh, and it was FREE! I'm told there is always a good crowd for these monthly-ish colloquials and folks seem to dig the fact that drinking is encouraged. There were some decent taps last night including a really tasty porter (the name of which escapes me but you won't be able to get porter for long, let's be honest, it's warming up) and the bottle selection surprised me... MANY to choose from. I dig the layout. There's ample places to be, but it still felt warm and cozy. Staff was super nice and if I didn't have some work to get to I probably would have closed the place down. PRO TIP: if you're on East Wash... walk around. Took me a while to figure that out, but I'm directionally challenged so maybe you'll have an easier time.
4	The High Noon is one of my two favorite venues in Madison to see a show (the other being the Majestic).First, the space. It is clean and well-maintained (kind of the opposite of the Orpheum in the last few years). I love being able to get there an hour before the show and find a spot in the balcony from which to watch; since my "must be in the front row screaming along" days are behind me, a person of relatively short stature like myself really benefits from a balcony view. The stage itself isn't huge, but it's proportional to the rest of the space and it is raised somewhat for better viewing from the ground. The bathrooms are always well-stocked and clean, and there are a LOT of stalls in the women's room, two beautiful things to see at a music venue. I recently attended Paulie Fest there, an excellent concert/benefit for local music education, and they did a beautiful job remembering Paul, honoring his family, and raising money for a wonderful cause. The decor was breathtaking - fresh white roses and candles on the balcony tables, white Christmas lights, and lilacs filling the air.The bartenders are very nice and patient. For example, they were well-stocked for the Kentucky Derby party, and if I were a bartender I would have lost my mind every time someone ordered a mint julep (so much muddling!). The bars tend to get really crowded during more popular shows, though, making it frustrating trying to get to the counter to get a bartender's attention. Getting rid of the stools at the bar for more popular events would probably fix this problem, though I doubt that will happen. The beer menu is long, and the taps are seasonal, featuring a lot of local microbreweries. This isn't exactly rare in Madison, but it's nice. The drinks are fair-priced and the mixed drinks aren't lacking for booze. Food is limited to a few kinds of pizza (ho-hum, out-of-the-box stuff), but since they're part of the same complex with the Brass Ring, you're welcome to bring in take-out from there, which I've done a few times.The acts the High Noon brings in are usually fantastic. The tickets are often a great deal, and there are usually several bands on each bill. I've discovered a few new favorite local acts through the opening bands. Their theme parties are fun, often with appropriate drink specials and costumes/dressing up encouraged for a festive atmosphere. Nerd Nite is also a major highlight; the speakers are often engaging, the electronics work without struggle, and the fellow patrons are great to talk to. The only major downside, besides the difficulty with getting to the bar, is the enormous cloud of cigarette smoke that is ALWAYS outside the front door, though I suppose they have limited power in being able to change that.ETA: The High Noon also has a special place in my heart because you can buy earplugs for a buck at the bar. This has saved my ears on countless occasions; I wish all live music venues in Madison did this.
5	7/26/13 Biked over to the High Noon Saloon and took in The Skintones (Madison's metal legends), The Hussy (punk), and the Bon Squad (an AC/DC Bon Scott cover band).  My ears bled and I liked it!  This is a great music venue with full bar and pizza from Glass Nickel.  They book all genres.  Thanks to the High Noon I discovered Cory Chisel, Brett Dennen, and the legend Mark Olson.  Thank you!
5	Still the best music venue in town for smaller, less expensive shows, in my opinion. Drinks are still reasonably priced and parking still sucks...but you can street park or park in the lot a couple blocks away. Outdoor patio area in great when the weather is nice! I'll give it another star since my last review because I've always had a good time at the High Noon.
4	I've been back to HNS countless times and can offer a few (brief) updates:- Barkeeps are stellar. Even when it's packed, you won't wait long for a drink/refill.- Great restrooms - clean & well stocked- Best sound can be found upstairs - if you're looking for the best mix, with rich/full bass and smoothed-out mid/highs, venture upstairs. I suspect it is those 18" subs that are the culprit for the flat sound downstairs.Whether you're there for Nerd Night, a benefit, or to see a bunch of bands, this is one of the best venues in the area to do so.
5	Just hosted a private event at the High Noon with a group of about 70 people. Very reasonable prices to rent out the location. The staff was very accommodating and the venue, as always, stellar. Book the High Noon for your next event!
5	I've seen every type of show at the High Noon, and I can conclude that it's definitely my favorite place to see music in Madison.  There's several reasons why nearly every experience i've had there has been positive.  It all starts with the staff.  Every night I've gone there, the doormen have been very polite, the bar(s) never take too long to serve you, and the bartenders sometimes strike up great conversation on slower nights.  The High Noon also consistently features a solid lineup of acts that you will want to see.  They feature all genres from indie rock to hip-hop to metal to punk to bluegrass and everything in between.  Some of the names they get are small, but others are legendary or breakout acts that you'll otherwise never see in such an intimate space.  The space itself is good, whether you like to get up close and personal with your favorite artist, or want to sit at a table from the second level.  Either way, every spot  (except behind the pillar in the middle of the venue) gets you a good view of the artist and sounds stellar.  And while we're discussing space:  The bathrooms are very clean, which is refreshing to see when the standard for a music venue is just barely usable.As for prices, the High Noon is more than reasonable.  There's plenty of good microbrews to choose from, and none of them are ever over $5.  The tickets are almost always worth the price of admission for the caliber of acts they bring, especially since Chicago and Milwaukee both would charge higher ticket prices.  Sometimes there's shows that don't charge any cover or only cost $5, so they're sometimes worth checking out on nights where there's not much going on.Overall:  The High Noon Saloon is awesome.  You'll initially come to see your favorite act, but you'll keep coming back for the great atmosphere and service.
5	High Noon Saloon is a great concert venue and all-around hangout bar. The acoustics are great. The acts are ever varying. The beer is cheap. The atmosphere is intimate. I could rave about this place indefinitely. In my mind, it does no wrong.They have events (all based on music) basically every night, so pick your favorite kind of event and enjoy the evening. They have pool tables for fun, a second bar that opens up on more crowded nights, and a deck/loft area that has seating for intimate gatherings. My friends and I personally love to go to the second floor and hang out. Here, you won't bother the more gung-ho concert goers, and you can also share some beers. On the other hand, if you want to get up-close and personal with an artist, the front row is beckoning, and the artists normally stay around afterwards to converse with their fans.Happy hour is a great deal, BOGO for select beers, and the selection isn't too shabby. The music trivia is also a blast.I am constantly keeping tabs on which artists go through the Saloon. They bring a nice assortment of local and non-local acts, and their acoustics are perfect for singer-songwriters trying to get intimate with the crowd. The cover/ticket prices are very reasonable, and a lot of talent definitely comes through their establishment.
5	OMG!  What a room!  I had never visited until a kid's show brought me on a Sunday morning, of all times.  Blew me away!  I don't get out for a lot of live shows now that I'm a parent, but when I do you better believe I'll be checking the schedule at high noon - everything a small concert venue should be: fantastic sound, decent lighting, the room is treated to make the acoustics just right, great sightlines, good bar.  What more could you want?  Best place to see a band in town.
5	Great concert venue! Good beer selection! Atmosphere for carbon, oxygen, nitrogen, and a bit of CO2 pinch of argon! Very nice intimate venue! Friendly staff! And hand knit cozies available for sale! Neato place!
5	Heavy contender for best place to catch a good band in Madison. Simple stage, simple sound, reasonably priced beer. Get there before the opener starts and chances are that you can stand front row to see whoever you like. They bring in a lot of great acts too.
5	Intimate venue, can see and hear the bands great from everywhere in the room. Excellent bar with friendly bartenders.
5	I have come here several time to see a few bands.  It is a great music venue with a good beer selection & is my favorite place to see music in WI.
5	Great Packers game day at The High Noon Saloon. Tatum makes the best old fashioneds on planet earth!
4	Great entertainment comes through High Noon.  Seating is a bit of a pain...try to go upstairs unless you're into the crowd that swamps the stage on the floor.
