5	This is the place to take your alterations!!! I've been looking for a little mom & pop kind of place that's affordable and does good work. By word of mouth, I came across this GEM in Las Vegas.Located in the indoor "Fantastic Swapmeet" on Decatur and Oakey, you have to pay $1 to get into the building. But not far f rom the entrance down Hall B to the left, you'll find their little booth. Don't expect these people to chatty chat chat. Their sparse booth let's you know, they're just here to work.A had a couple of suit jackets that needed the sleeves shortened and the vents recut. All of the jackets were lined. $10 each. 10 BUCKS. I've had to pay 3x this in drycleaners close to my house.I had a lined jacket where the sleeves needed to be shortened and 5 decorative buttons on each sleeve moved up accordingly. $15! That's all! WOW.I had a a lined crepe skirt taken in, $10. I've paid $50 for similar work elsewhere.An unlined cotton dress taken in. $8.A pair of slacks hemmed/ shortened. $5.And all done within 1 week.The swapmeet is only open Friday - Sunday. 10 to 6pm. So if there's a downside, this would be the only thing. I live cross town and am happy to recommend a drive to this little hole in the wall rather than the places around me!
5	After reading the review about this place, I went to get my husband's coat altered (sleeves & width). Overall, we were very satisfied with the results.  It is a small place inside the Fantastik swapmeet, but they do a great job! We were also able to get a really good deal and I'm definitely taking all my clothes here in the future.  The husband & wife that work here are nice and seem to have a lot of experience.  I would highly recommend this place! Don't go anywhere else! (You do have to pay $1 per person to enter the swapmeet, but you can go in for free if you show them the receipt when you go for pick-up.)
5	Unbeatable!! This lady and this place are fantastic!! They are in the SwapMeat place near Decatur and Oakey, so they are only open Fri-sunday till 6pm but try to find an alteration place open on sunday.  If you need a one week turnaround, this is it, great prices too.  I actually came on a sunday (today) and needed my boys baseball pants by Wed... i thought i was out of luck, but she said, come back in an hour!! we walked around for 30 min and decided to stop by to see how they were doing and they were DONE!!  I realize we were probably lucky and she probably does not offer that type of service every time, but overall, would highly reccommend this place.  Very nice people, very nice prices and great service.  Jon and son KJ
