5	About a year and a half ago Yelp hosted a Non-Profit "Yelp Helps" evening downtown in Phoenix.  It was an incredible event that in some ways changed my family's life.  You see, after putting on my name tag and riding the elevator up to the event, I was greeted by our Yelp Community Manager Lindsey, who in short order handed me the cutest Chihuahua named Christian.Christian was so small and clearly very frightened by all the noise.  I walked around the various organization booths, stopping at the Lost Our Home area while hold Christian.  At some point Lindsey asked for him back; and sadly, I said my goodbyes to the little guy.  The next day, I found myself searching on-line for the Lost Our Home website.  Looking over their requirements and of course, the pups.  Don't get me wrong, I call all dogs pups.  And guess what?  I found a cute little Morkie  named "Chloe" on their Adoptions page.  See photos.A Morkie, I learned, is a Maltese and Yorkie mix.  I made a few phone calls and arranged for one of the Volunteers to stop by my home with Chloe to see if she would feel comfortable with our other dog, Oliver and our two cats.That Sunday, Chloe arrived and she seemed to fit in really well. After the volunteer left we had our family discussion and it was a go!  Later that week we adopted Chloe and she was dropped off at my office soon after.What you need to know, is how straight forward and easy a process adopting a "foreclosure" animal is from Lost Our Home.  They have many Veterinarian who offer their services on a per diem/pay as you can basis.  It will change your life.  trust me!BTW, they are looking for Volunteers.  Hint. Hint.
5	What a great shelter. The people here really care. The pets they help rescue have rooms that are divided by size, so the pets do not have to sit in a cage or kennel. I visited here four times prior to our family adopting Violet. They care about truly placing the pet in a forever home, rather than just getting the pet out of the facility. They even socialize their pets- my daughters (4 and 7) just volunteered for the "Book Club" where the kids read to animals to help socialize them. The shelter also offers pet food for those in need as well as spaying. I have been a dog owner for 40+ years, and have had many pets from many shelters during those four decades. This by far is the nicest, most caring program I have been. And it isn't just about rescuing pets, it's about helping families keep their pets, and really making sure these are animals that are loved and well cared for not just in their shelter, but in their new homes too. You will not be disappointed with an adoption, volunteering or charitable donations to this awesome facility.
5	I found LOH about 4 years ago dealing with what they created this wonderful organization for, abandoned pets. They were great to work with and helped me place 2 wonderful kittens (momma stayed with me). I've been a volunteer with them ever since. I have seen these folks work more hours in a week than most work in a month. I've seen them stretch a dollar until it cried out. I've seen them deal with so much heartbreak, lack of funds, too many animals, even the strip mall they were in getting foreclosed on and day after day and they keep going. They have a food bank to help keep pets with their people through hard times. They are some of the most amazing people I've had the pleasure of meeting. These folks care about every single furry baby that comes through those doors. They will not place a furrbaby in a home that isn't right for that pet, they will not adopt out just to hit numbers, they truly care about making a furever match between a 2-legger and a 4-legger. I am so grateful that this organization is around, they have made a huge difference in so many people's and pet's lives. THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
