4	Great job.  Met us right when we got of the plane, the car was clean, the driver professional and courteous.  Had waters for us, etc.  Reasonably priced.
5	Scott was our driver for an evening on the town with my wife. He was extremely professional. We had the stretched lincoln limo. It was very professional inside. Nothing crazy like flashing lights or strobes going on. It was the perfect ride for a lovely evening with my wife.What was also nice was that the driver wasnt chatty at all. He allowed us to enjoy the ride, as he took us to our destinations. He was a complete gentleman the entire time. He put the divider up the minute we told him where we were off too. Too many times drivers leave this down and start being chatty. Just do what your supposed to do and drive us! :) I would definately use them again or recommend them. They did have a few other cars as well including a Chrystler 300 with all the stroby lights and neon for proms and such, a fleet of town cars and buses all for rental.I am glad I chose Accent Limos. They made the night perfect!
4	I used Accent for my wedding, they provided a 33 passenger bus shuttle service to/from my wedding.  They were very reasonably priced, close to $200 cheaper than the nearest quote.  The driver arrived on time, and was very pleasant.  They did get lost on one of the return trips, but wasn't a big deal.  Would use them again.
5	Used Accent to get a ride from my wedding to the hotel for the night. The wife and I didn't want her goony brother or some other relative driving us so we found Accent online. Rather than the cost of a full blown limo we decided on an Escalade. The driver was right on time and the price was right. He respected our privacy and did his job while we sat in the back an talked about how awesome the wedding had been. I was even able to arrange for paying the gratuity ahead of time so that we didn't have to mess with it. Not sure of any way they could have done a better job!
5	Celebrated my little girls birthday with 10 friends with Accent Limo! Everything smooth from booking to drop off! Drive James was as kind and courteous as they come! Absolutely would use and recommend them!
5	My wife and I needed some wheels from our wedding to our hotel that night, so I did a Yelp search and found Accent. After talking with them a couple of times I decided to use them to pick us up. I rented a town car for us for that night. When our reception was over, I was happy to walk out to the parking lot and find we not only had our ride waiting at the end of the sidewalk, we had an upgrade (it was either an escalade or a suburban)! The driver was very pleasant and professional, and he had jazz music on lightly, which I thought was a nice touch. The ride was smooth. Most importantly, they were on time and got us to our hotel safely. It was also nice to get 2 different email notifications through the process letting me know they were on top of things. I'd definitely use Accent in the future.
5	What a great experience I had with Accent.  I was on a business trip & it was my first time to Phoenix.  The driver picked me up at the airport on time, with a clean car and he was so polite & professional.  He gave me a lot of information about the area & waited at the hotel to make sure I had a reservation there (as I wasn't sure which hotel I was booked at). It was a pleasure dealing with their office staff as well.  I travel a lot for business and use car services across the country.  Accent is on top of my list for being the most customer service oriented.
5	Have been a customer for years using their service to and from airport as well as in city needs... All my out of town guests and colleagues use the service and i have not even considered another service.   Rates are very reasonable and service, drivers, quality of vehicles are superior to any other company.
5	Amazing service!!! Rosa was Courteous and punctual. When I called, they arranged payment/gratuity in advance which was a major plus( I never carry cash) and I loved that they tracked my flight and called the moment I landed to ensure I knew where to meet the driver. The car was clean and the ride was smooth( I get severe motion sickness so this was a big deal to me) so I would certainly use this service again if ever in the Phoenix area!
5	I arrived at the airport and was met by Rhonda.  She was the only chauffeur that was using an iPad as a sign and it looked great.  She was very helpful and kind.  She carried my bags and escorted me out to the beautiful black shiny town car.  She offered a five minute tour of the city on the way to the hotel.Highly recommend this company!
4	We used Accent for our daughters wedding.  They provided a mini coach for the rehearsal dinner, a mini coach and 2 limos for the day of the wedding.  It was difficult to plan and times and locations changed several times before the actual day.Accent was a pleasure to work with.  They arrived on time, the vehicles were exactly what we reserved.  Charges were exactly what was quoted.  They were accommodating and professional and I would not hesitate recommend them.
5	Efficent, affordable, excellent service and beautiful cars. That about sums up Accent Transportation Services. For our recent wedding, we were in need of several limos to take us from the venue to the church and back again. We did extensive research on Yelp and relied on the good rating of Accent's listing. After taking a look at their vehicles and speaking with the reps, we decided they were the transportation service to go with! Accent arrived to our pick-up location on-time and nicely waited at the church until the ceremony was over. The cars are very nice, clean and have water inside. We ordered two stretch limos (one white, one black) and one escalate stretch limo. Each limo was in perfect condition and fitting for a wedding celebration! There isn't much more that I can say, other than that Accent is a great choice for any of your transportation needs.
5	Overall, a great experience.  Misgana worked with me to stay within my budget - definetly one of the more affordable services in the Phoenix area (and I called all over!!)  Scott the driver was great also.  They helped make my wife's 40th bday a day she will never forget.
5	Accent Limo provided very professional service and everything was perfect for my wedding day.  The specific limo I reserved was exactly what showed up at my door, on time and ready to go.  They are very professional and great with communication via phone or email.
