5	First time at the new Polished Nail Bar. Super excited and proud of Haley & Sonny. Love you guys!!!
4	Super glad they put a new Polished in by my house!  I love going with friends to chat, get our nails done and enjoy free wine.  I will definitely be a regular!
1	I should have reached out to my FB and YELP friends first, but the teenage daughter wanted to do some nail time with mommy and I was in a rush.  First thoughts, why don't they have more nail colors to choose from (especially OPI).  They have a lot more OPI colors for sale then they have for customers who are getting services.  I sit down and realize that the young guy is going to do my pedicure...hmmm, strange, I've only had one guy do my pedicure and I really liked his, but that was years ago.  Unfortunately, I was busy answering emails and getting caught up on my phone..but I was thinking that this isn't like my normal pedicures...it's a little less intense and going kind of quickly..within 15  minutes I was done..huh??? how did that happened - did he do two coats of polish? was their a top coat?  dam, I wish I had paid attention..so he takes me over to the nail bar because my daughter still has to get her manicure...there are no nail dryers and you are going to sit me at a high top chair with no place to put my feet on a low bar?  that's a nail polish disaster waiting to happen...I also noticed that the place is run by mostly very young employees - there also doesn't seem to be anyone in charge and they aren't overly friendly.  As I"m waiting for my daughter to get done, I realize that I still have some calluses on my toes and then realize he only did the bottom of my feet.  I'm very sensitive and my leg usually goes up and down while they are whisking away the calluses - yep, I should have paid attention. I ask if he can do anything about it  - he tries an attempt at it but no real effort.  My daughter is getting the french manicure and I see that there is white tip polish all over the top portion of her nail.  The girl then takes an "eraser" and makes the nice line.  She at leasts puts the nice top coat over it.  Before she started the girl did say this will only last a couple of days - well this morning (less than 24 hours) my daughter had to touch up..Then I went to pay and the girl was too busy going through all of the other paid receipts to give me the time of day..not very customer oriented..I posted on my FB and these were the comments from my friends:I agree  - horribleexpensive and not very goodnot a good selection of colorsfriend had hers done and they looked horriblewent and won't go backI would give them a second try, but based on the comments from my friends - enough research has been done..We won't be going back either and when I'm on my way to Target and see someone going in - I'll be neighborly and warn them.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY! Was on vacation and family took us here. Worst pedicure of my life. Was over in 30 minutes and they missed several areas of rough patches.  The wine does not make up for the lack of attention given to massage or the actual pedicure. The workers spent more time talking to each other than doing the pedicure.  Very dissapointed and wish I could get my $30 back! NEVER SHOULD HAVE TIPPED FOR CRAPPY SERVICE!
1	Save your money and go to the many other nearby salons that offer more service for the price this salon charges. The decor is nice but that's pretty much it. Terrible service!
4	It makes me so sad that this place got such poor reviews!!  I love going here.  It's close to my house, it's always clean, and they know what they're doing.  The people are not always friendly or chatty, but I prefer to keep to myself (or the person that I'm with) while getting a pedi anyway.  Massage chairs for pedicures, waterfall wall, they offer you something to drink (including wine!), and they're quick and easy.  I've never been a huge fan of the "all out" pedicure, as the parrafin wax dip at the end always takes a long time.  But this place is perfect for a quick pedicure to pamper yourself in the afternoon!  I'll be back time and time again.
3	I am still a bit on the fence about Polished.  On my first visit, I was only offered water or coke...  So, I took some water and settled in for my pedi.  The nail tech did an adequate job, but unfortunately, they don't have a dryer for your toenails, so you just have to sit in your pedi chair for a bit before you leave if you don't want to mess up your new polish before it properly dries.  The pedi was $25 before tip. So, I recently went back to give them another try.  On this visit, I asked for white wine and got a nice pour. So, I turned on my massage chair and settled in for the pedi.  I think the nail tech did a slightly better job than the one had I had on my previous visit. He definitely did a much better job in terms of the foot/leg massage. But again, with no dryer, I decided to stay in the pedi chair & take my time finishing my wine before leaving. So, what I like about Polished is that it is large, with lots of chairs and always plenty of nail techs on duty.  I like the open floor plan -it's nice and bright.  They have big screen TVs, comfy pedi chairs, and offering a glass of wine with your mani or pedi is a nice touch. However, as others have noted in their reviews, the selection of nail colors is not quite as good as it is at some of the other area salons. Unfortunately, after both visits, because the nails were not properly dried I ended up messing up the polish on a toe or two, which is disappointing. That never happens when I go to one of the other places in Ballantyne.  I may give them one more try, but if I have the same problem with my nails when I leave, it may be their third strike.
1	Poor Service, Poor Color Selection, Poor Attitude... !!!!!My manicure done, today at Polished at Stonecrest, will have to be redone elsewhere tomorrow, prior to an afternoon wedding. The male staff doing our nails were unprofessional, giggling at other customers and making crass comments.  My daughter was infuriated!! My french manicure does not line up properly, showing half of the white nail area as clear and my toes are not smooth or even. Their pedicure  tubs are not whirlpools and they neither used nor offered paraffin or scrubs. As others have stated they have no fans for drying! The manicure area consists of a high top bar. (No comfort, and as others mentioned, a recipe for messy pedicures!) Two ladies refused to go to Polished, due to poor past experiences. We gladly referred them to Solar Nails. They were thrilled!
2	I just recently moved back to Charlotte and haven't tried any nail places yet but I visit Stonecrest often and always saw Polished. It looked like a nice, modern place so I gave it a shot. I went around 5:00 pm Monday evening for a full-set. It was dead, dead, deadsky. My first impression of Polished at Stonecrest was not a good one. I walked in, smiled, said hello and only received stares from each and every employee. I honestly thought I had just interrupted a staff meeting and was about to turn around and walk out. After about ten seconds, a young lady finally asked what I wanted and a gentleman led me to a counter at the back. He asked me to sit at a seat that was directly across from two gentleman employees, both of whom were playing on their phones, and neither of which acknowledged my existence. I take that back... they both looked at me when I sat down, then looked at the gentleman that led me back there, said something and then I was asked to sit in another seat in front of a young lady. She was nice enough, offered a drink (I got white wine, it was decent), didn't talk much, (I'm fine with that), and gave me a mediocre set of acrylic nails. There are lots of air bubbles, some of which are large enough to look like chips in the acrylic. I won't be going back and will not suggest it to my friends. I think I'll stick with smaller, quaint nail salons. They've always provided the best customer service, in my opinion.
5	Good service deserve a good review! Its make me mad that this place have so many bad reviews! Because I always have a GREAT  experience everytime I come to this location.This place have so many colors selection both Essie and opi. Also a big selection in gel colors which I love!!!! The techs are friendly and nice, they always give me the best gel manicure and pedicure. Wine are complimentary ladies!!! The place is very clean a modern. Awesome for a girls night out.
1	Wow, avoid this place like the plague. I received the worst basic mani pedi I have ever had. I just got home and couldn't wait to post a review, it was that bad. I will be attending a black tie gala tomorrow and I will have to have my color redone because my manicure color is so uneven. I didn't complain because the lighting in the place was horrible and I had difficulty assessing the quality of her work. They had limited selection of colors, most of which were Essie (I like Essie, though, but that wasn't the issue). As another reviewer pointed out, they had more colors for sale then they had available for choosing for a service. The place is stark and they have limited supplies and tools. no dryers that I noticed or was offered. no frills and the service was minimal. I was given a pedicure(neither good nor bad) and then was told to get up and go to a bar for my manicure. I wasn't helped or assisted in any way over to the counter and it was just so strange. The bar used for the manicure was just a counter and they laid out a ratty wash cloth and set down a cereal-like bowl filled with a warm, orange liquid for soaking one hand while the other hand was being worked on. I don't know how to explain it other than to say it was so awkward. She told me, at one point to take off my watch after which she put a blob of pink lotion on my arm for the massage portion of the manicure but didn't tell me to remove my bracelets or rings. Hahaha, it was just so strange! After finishing she mumbled something to me and then said thank you and disappeared. I was left at the counter I guess to wait for my nails to dry. Their were employee sitting across from me chatting and giggling and it was just the oddest environment that I waited briefly, and decided i wanted to leave. I messed up one of my nails, didn't ask for them to fix it and just left. I won't be returning.
5	I came here for the first time, and was recommended to ask for Kent by a friend of mine. The atmosphere is amazing! You get complimentary wine and everyone is so friendly and accommodating. I got the "all out pedicure", which includes a scrub, mask, hot towel, and hot wax. Kent was very friendly, and very nice. He catered to my every whim and desire. When everything was said and done I went up to go pay and was asked if I enjoyed my service, and I answered enthusiastically yes! I love this place and would recommend this place to anyone.
3	Good service, unique decor, and decent prices! Having been disappointed at another Polished location, this changed my mind. Upon arriving I was greeted and asked what service I would like. I chose my color and was seated at a wrap around bar. A bar style setup where you sit and the manicurist does your nails, from the other side. Seems cool, however the space is very tight and no real option to put your feet. Mila was so friendly and after talking I chose to try gel nails out, and love them. Although others complained about the dryers, I chose the gel option, which dries immediately, so I did not experience that. I was more satisfied with this location and would return if I was in the area.
1	Truly a horrible experience. Everything was rushed with very little professionalism. Never coming back here again with my gf. :(
4	I'm fan of Polished at Stonecrest. I'm at a loss to see negative reviews. I've visited several times and I've always had great service.I tend to go when it's not so busy, that may make a difference. They have a ton of pedicure chairs and two very large bars for manicures. I will say that the "bar" concept for manicures had to grow on me. The seating isn't exactly conducive to hanging out a relaxing for a while.  But that's not my goal, I tend to want to get my nails done and finish whatever I need to get done that day.They carry Entity gel colors and I think that brand is the easiest to remove - no hard scraping needed when it comes time to change colors. I also like that they are skilled in nail art and because of that, my extreme girlie-ness is happy!The service I've received from several of their technicians have always been good and thorough.  They are meticulous and I appreciate that. I will continue to visit Polished to get my nail art fix!
5	Yelp is definitely funny it seems all the good reviews for this place seems to get filtered even by real reviewers and the bad reviews seem to stick even though they are not true. I have been coming to this nail bar since it opened in May and have never encountered bad experiences true there is variety in skill in who you get but that is at all nail salons. You have to continue trying out all the people until you find a person that suits your manicure pedicure needs. I have encountered some that can't communicate but that does not mean that they cannot perform their duties. I have also tried out their spa services from waxing to eyelashes and they haven't failed. Vincent usually does my pedicures and Kate is the one I trust for my full body waxes. I haven't tried their nail designs as I'm pretty plain when it comes to my nails. I come for the ambiance and that free glass of wine of course as I wind down from a stressful day of work I mean who would be upset over free wine that alone deserves an extra star anyway if this review get filtered you know it's only cuz polished didn't advertise that's y it got filtered because this is a real review from a real person
5	I love this nail spa idea !! Having to relocate back to Charlotte from San Diego this totally hit the spot for me !!I have enjoyed having a glass of red wine to my favorite blue moon Belgium beer .. While having great conversation inspiring atmosphere !!! I highly recommend this to be the top place for 2014!!.. Can't wait to go back
4	Been here a few times... Gets the job done quickly for good price and no conversation, holla!
2	The job is basic the price is high, chair  at bar is very uncomfortable if you just want manicure. I went here for manicure  and relax but the chairs ...
1	Worse pedicure ever!   This place is nothing but a factory.  I had been there once and swore I would never go back. Went to my regular salon and they were closed for remodeling so needed one fast for an occasion.  Polish at Stonecrest is close by so I thought I would give it another try.   Mistake.  The male that did my pedicure talked to the girls working there and paid no attention to what he was doing. Clipped a little on my toes, "massaged" my legs for about 1/2 minute each and moved on.   My feet looked no better than when I arrived!  The whole process took about 20 minutes! That is my last visit there.   A waste of money.
5	Really enjoy my bi-weekly fill ins.  I usually go on a Saturday around 1:30 and, even though they're busy, I rarely have to wait despite not having an appointment.  I've had my nails done by different people and everyone of them are very good and professional.  Prices are fair and reasonable.The place is always pristine and the modern atmosphere suggests uber expensive, but the prices are fair and reasonable.  They have just about any nail service you can imagine along with waxing, eyelash extensions, and probably other services I'm not aware of.  And they have complimentary wine and beer.  So, go here.Oh, and bring cash for tip.  You can't leave the tip on a card.
1	Spontaneous decision to get pedicure. First time at ballantyne locale, had been unimpressed with South Blvd location but figured I'd give them another for. 15 minute wait in chair for nail guy. No offer of beverage or magazine. Guy came over, didnt tell me his name and only spoke to complain about how tired he was. Feet went into cold water that had been sitting since before my arrival.  Nail guy did cursory grooming of my toes, fast, half-assed and not a good job. The only equipment cleani g between customers is dipping device in dirty footwater. He did give a good foot and calf massage. He neglected to put my flip flops on until after polish applied. No pampering at all.Highly unimpressed with Polish.  Won't be back.
2	I have visited quite a few nail salons in the Charlotte area and I typically get a manicure or pedicure every few weeks. My friend comes here and recommended it so I came in. Similar to other experiences we went to the nail bar and I had a gentleman ask what service I wanted and like usual, I asked for a gel manicure. He filed the top of my nails then quickly asked another woman to come over and do them. My friend even joked with him that he must hate doing gel nails to which he laughed. She was nice and conversational. They offered me wine which was a nice perk after work. After some talk with the nail technicians and choosing a color, we discussed why it was so difficult to get my last polish off (had them done somewhere else). She commented that some gel polish is better than others and held up the color I choose and said mine was easier to remove than say...OPI. She wasn't kidding. I got a chip in my thumb polish the day after and now, one week after, three of my nails have size-able chips in them (she did 3 coats). I've never had gel chip so easily and have so many tiny air bubbles. Would recommend for a quick, basic manicure or polish change because they are efficient and polite. There were a few hiccups in customer service. They didn't mention until after services and while I was paying that they take cash tips only which I don't remember seeing posted anywhere and definitely wasn't mentioned before or during service. Luckily, I had enough for my friend and I. Cute atmosphere and quick service is what got this place two stars.
4	First time for everything. I'm a guy in a nail salon. This place is huge I had a young lady help me her name is Hong gave me a awesome pedicure she ask me if I wanted anything to drink. She massage and kept me entertained. After she was done I proceeded to sit there watching espn. She offered another beer it's the little things that make me happy. I will be coming back.
4	I've been in quite a few times. I'm happy with the service and I'll be back. Very affordable.
1	I had gotten my eyebrows waxed here before and was not 100% happy as I had to go home and pluck them myself to clean them up. But I decided to give them another try. A different woman did them this time. I checked them out in the mirror in the salon to check for symmetry but I obviously didn't look close enough. I have never had so much hair left on my brows after a wax! This is terrible. I can't believe I spent $12 to have to go home and re-wax and pluck them myself. I will not be giving Polished a third chance...
2	If you want your nails done, with a glass of vino, go here.  But if you want customer service, a better massage, warmth and a little consversation? Don't. I got a pedicure and a nail change of color...and they were done in 20 min. I kid you not. And I SWEAR the girl was talking about me in their language. I only come here when I'm short on time.
