4	Good homebrew store. They have a pretty decent selection and the employees are very helpful. They also have 4-8 samples on tap of kits they sell there, which is cool. I would reccomend.
4	I like to check out local hbs whenever I'm in a new city so I checked this joint out. It was pretty small but they did pack a lot of good stuff into the space. They only carry wyeast for liquid yeast ( I'm a white labs Guy) not that Thats a bad thing , they do carry dry yeasts too... though they keep them on a shelf on the showroom floor ( not refrigerated). They had a few brews for tasting which was super Rad. The hop selection was very good, Lots of esoteric types. The staff there was great.... well it was great for me because they just let me roam around and didn't breath down my neck which I really dig. Less informed brewers may not like having to come to them for questions. When you're  new the veterans can seem a little intimidating.  All and all I would say check this joint out if your in Madison.  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL HBS!
5	This store is first-rate.  These people really know their stuff, and you can tell that they are passionate about wine and beer making, and that they truly believe in their products.  I could spend an hour in here just looking...and looking.
4	While I don't know how to brew beer, I know a thing or two about drinking it. ;-)In all seriousness, however, I do have a few friends that are talented home brewers, and have been asked on a few occasions to swing-in and pick-up various items on their behalf. My most recent trip included a stop for bottle caps, rubber stoppers, and some one-step cleaner.The staff is friendly, almost to a fault. I stood in line and listened to a lengthy (like 5+ minutes) conversation between the checkout guy and a customer; they were discussing hop differences as a small line of customers waited for their turn to check out (myself included in that line).It took more than 20 minutes for me to get through the checkout line; I know because I plugged the meter for 30-minutes, and when I got to the car, it was flashing "0:00". That said, it still seems like a great store, and it's hard to fault employees for being friendly and interested in what their customers are doing.
4	I purchased a beer kit and noticed when I got home that I had been overcharged on my receipt.  At first, I was troubled when I called the shop to reconcile the mistake.  Though, in the end they made up for it and then some.  I will definitely shop there again.
