5	This place is clean and my cashier  was so nice and accurate.
2	For what it is it's expensive. Not that it's not good. Just over price. Not to mention there is a KFC right down the street. The place is clean and it's a great location to have a chicken place. The service is what you would expect from a fast food. Also I think the portion size could be a little bigger (once again overpriced). So with out being more repetitive I'm done.
2	Bad salty greasy chicken... But the staff is nice!
2	I like Popeye 's Chicken. I'd like it a whole lot better if the prices were more inline with what you receive. Spendy for what you get,  in essence. If I drop $10for a quick lunch, I shouldn't still be hungry after I eat it, just sayin '. Got somethingto say to Popeye 's - Pollo Mobile 2 - because That's  where I'm going next timeI have a chicken craving. Popeye 's is a big fat burn.
4	Any time you eat at Popeye's and have the spicy chicken you better have to blow your nose as soon as you're done.This place qualified. Just wished I would have brought a mountain dew with me as they proudly serve coke products :(
3	So, I ended up here at the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, located at 6121 Vegas Drive after going to the location on Rancho.  They were busy.  On Tuesday, they run a .99 cent special which includes the leg and thigh pieces of chicken.  This is a Great Deal.  So here we are in line, waiting.  Despite the overwhelming crowd of customers, they are rockin.  The wait wasn't very long, for me maybe five minutes.  I ordered 3 specials, red beans and rice and green beans.  The food was hot, fresh and taste the same as always, just plain ol good.  I didn't give them  4 or 5 stars for one reason.  Because they were so busy, they began skimping on the portion sizes, as my order of red beans and rice was about thee quarters of the way full.  Also, upon ordering the red beans and rice, we received mash potatoes and gravy, which I had to brave the masses at the front counter to trade in.  We also ordered the spicy chicken and received regular.  So in their rushed state, they made a couple of vital mistakes... Overall the food was awesome, and they where handling the rush pretty well.  I would say tighten up just a little.  Pay a little more attention to detail...
1	Dude this is the worst popeyes I've been to.  Chicken was salty and had no other flavors.  Kinda pricey for what you got and the service (not bad) cant make up for the piss-poor food quality.  Wish there was a Churches nearby because this chicken SUCKS.  If I can cook better at home without even trying, its not worth coming here to eat salty tasteless chicken.
