3	I've only been here for lunch so I can't speak to the bar aspect of the place. Saying "biker bar" might scare some people away, but during the lunch hours, it really is your average crowd with some good food.I probably would have never gone here if it wasn't for my boss knowing of the place; I would have been thrown off by the biker bar aspect. But I was really surprised at the place, especially with the food. They have a great menu, filled with your traditional American choices, but everything we ordered at the table was better than I expected. I hear the wings are pretty good too, so I'd give those a try.As for the atmosphere, this place gives off the vibe they want, considering the large bar area & skimpy waitress outfits. I think they only hire attractive females to wait on you, which also adds to the "biker" theme of the place. With plenty of tvs around the place, it wouldn't be a bad place to catch a game either.If you're in the area shopping at Concord Mills, then you could grab some good lunch here for a pretty good price.
3	We checked this place out for dinner during race weeks. It was alllright. Ordered the "thunder thighs" - which sounded like buffalo wings made w chicken thighs, but ended up w regular wings. Not sure if we got the wrong order or if they are just called thighs when they are wings. Either way I was disappointed, but the wings were pretty decent after I got over the sadness.At our table we had a chicken sandwich, a sausage and pepper hoagie, and a pork chop. The chicken was reported as good (wasn't mine), the pork was Ok but not out of this world, and the sausage was messy but good - had marinara sauce on it which was unexpected. The mac and cheese was a little greasy but pretty good.As for the "biker bar" label.. I saw about 2 bikers and the rest of the crowd was regular peeps. The girls wear skimpy outfits so its not a family place for sure. It was ok, but I'm not dying to go back right away.
3	Great guy hangout; waitresses are scantily-clad and friendly.
4	Great place with a lot of room in and out. Fine ladies as waitstaff. Usually a food or beer special, Thursday Bike Night,$1/beer
5	I wish we lived closer to this restaurant it is awesome. My wife and I drive an hour to get here and it has always been worth the drive. I love the buffalo chicken sandwich but you better be hungry or plan to take some home. My wife gets the chicken philly and it is worthy. The girls are always attentive to both of us. They have theme nights and dress accordingly. They have a biker night, a school girl night,and a pajamma jam night making it very fun place. The girls dress provocatively but hey were all adults here and its not as bad as it sounds.
4	Anyone out in Yelp world know why I cannot check in at this establishment?  Very frustrating, but from this location, I can check into Quaker Steak and Lube?????  errrrr....Anyways, my wife and I visit about every Wednesday night for bike night.  The wings are awesome and my wife says they have the best quesadillas.  Also, if you wanna try something different, get the Buffalo Chicken breast sandwich, the breast is big as hell.  I mix buffalo sauce and terriyaki for something different.  The bleu cheese dressing is friggin' awesome.  Not that running crap Quaker has......My only bitch is, make sure you ask them to send out some fresh fries, seems like the fries are cold if I do not ask for a new drop......There is usually 10-25 bikes, good crowd and they always have a great band.  Sometimes the band sets up on the patio.  Recently, Speedway Harley started have their Wed bike night, so you can walk back and forth.  About 50-100 bikes up at Pat's.  It is gonna be interesting when Suk Bang Blow opens in the next parking lot!!!!
2	A few of us went here on Tuesday night to check things out. We had heard Ok things about the place and decided it couldn't be too bad. When you arrive, there is a hostess stand but it wasn't being used. We stood around for about 5 minutes and was finally told, to sit wherever we wanted - we searched for a clean table for four and eventually one was 'cleaned' for us. The drink specials, 1.50 PBR and 2.00 High Life made me laugh. They had 10cent peel-n-eat shrimp also. We ordered a round and some shrimp as well as nachos. The nachos were inedible, soaked with sour cream and some sort of chili. We were here about 2 hours, not because we wanted to be, but it took that long to get our drinks, food, and pay. ps - the wait staff attire can be intriguing.
4	If you want a ridiculously large buffalo chicken sandwich, then here you go.  It's like $8 or so, and it's HUGE, we can split it and still not be able to finish it all.
1	The service was extremely poor and the staff and management was rude.  I wouldn't go back.  Also, the place was almost dead.
4	if you can get passed all the girls in short skirts and big boobs !!!!the hamburger and buffalo chicken sandwich are good. but you can sit there all day and they won't buy you one drink. ;(
2	From a general standpoint, the business is very comparable to a Hooters. If you're a guy, you'd probably enjoy the scenery for obvious reasons. As per my first trial run, I quickly began to develop the ideal that the business is a hole-in-the-wall biker hangout, which for me, also has its appeal. Unfortunately, it has a service attitude that parallels such. The service is very below par. Even with some only serving 1-3 tables, servers still manage to delay and/ or screw up orders. This includes soft drinks or alcohol AND has occurred every time, out of four trips out there.As far as the food is concerned, I haven't had a complaint yet. Decent menu for the given atmosphere. They have a chicken sandwich there that I always need a box for and can literally use for one, or sometimes two additional meals. Yes, the chicken is like a whole chicken in a giant bun. The bun does not do this breast justice. It is huge! If you are looking for a nice low key hang out where you can get together with a few buds and shoot some pool (4, 9ft tables here in a separate room), have a few beers, and have time to wait for food to go along with that beer, this place can be ok. -Do not go at lunch (especially if you only have an hour break). -Place order at bar.
4	nice place...it is what it is a sport/biker theme bar/restaurant.. and it doesn't strive to be anything else...that's why I like it.  My wife and I go every week or so for the wings, which are consistently good; my favorite the cajun, wife likes the honey habenero.  Nightly beer specials, etc.  Looking for a challenge, try the buffalo chicken sandwich.  It's huge, I'm a big boy, big appetite, and I can't usually finish it.  As for the servers outfits (they have themes every night...) sure they're "skimpy" and reveling, but nothing you've never seen at the beach, or the mall for that matter.  If you are easily offended, don't bring the kiddies.  Bottom line, I like the place and my friends do also.
1	Do not come here, especially if you are a female! Both bartenders looked over at me but ignored me for 5 minutes then one of them came over and took my order but never came back. The other bartender finally came over and took my order and also never came back. I finally walked out. Twin Peaks was much better!
1	Looking over my credit card statement, I see they charged me more than I signed for. Guess I didn't leave a big enough tip.
1	If your not a local dont come here.  From wgat I could see if the bartender or waitress new you they would hang out and talk to you, but we were new to the area and the bar looked interesting. To start the night we sat outside. Asked that the tv channel be changed. Waitress said ok we'll see if we can get that changed.  After an additional 3 times asking she doesn say they can change the channel she says the bartender has been " backed up". I go inside and the bartender is  talking to the ame group she had been talking to for a while. Later we went in to watch the fight which was on the tvs inside.  I ordered a drink and the bartender told me she was going to make it on the other end of the bar. Expecting me to move to the other end to get it.  Just a sub par place. Has a lot of potential but not going to draw in any new businesses with this type of service.
4	IT wins the award for the best price for lunch.  You absolutely can not beat the food and the prices here.  I usually get what is on special for the day, but anything from the menu is great too (and priced reasonble).  As far as the scenery with the waitresses, it varies from day to day but usually its pretty good eye candy. Never had a problem with service or experienced any problem with quality of food.
2	Has had the "N" word etched in the men's room for about a year now, appears if someone has made a flaccid attempt at covering it... Un sat.
4	Not sure why the negative reviews for service. My wife and I walked in and was greeted immediately. We were offered drinks within a few minutes and the food came out quick and tasty. Yes the outfits were nice as well. I am a stickler for customer service. We were well taken care of. I would return if we pass back through the area and would be a regular if we lived here. It is a fun clean place with fair prices and nice environment. Looks like several locals go there which is what we always look for when traveling.
4	Great service, don't think I sat in my seat longer then 20 seconds before I was asked what can I get you. Great food!!!!!!!
4	Been a regular here for lunch and post work drinks for over a decade. Menu is good, portions are huge, and they have the best wings around Concord Mills. If Mindy or Megan are working the bar, you will be taken care of, just don't be easily offended.
5	This review is based on the restaurant portion of Iron Thunder, not the bar. I don't drink and neither does my husband, but we do enjoy a good meal regardless of the setting.The place is loud and is definitely geared towards a male clientele. The servers are all attractive women showing off their assets in a Hooters-type of way. With that said, they've all been very professional and do an excellent job. As a female, I don't feel like I'm treated any less attentively than my husband. The food is excellent! Any and all of it. Try the chicken wings...you will not be disappointed. There are many sauces to choose from, my favorite is the Parmesan sauce. The fried oysters are large and really good. We've tried all sorts of sandwiches, pasta and steak there. All have been delicious and worth the price.They run different specials throughout the week. Check out their website to see what's what. But whatever you do, GO! This is one of Concord's best and most consistent places for tasty food.
