5	Upstairs Downstairs Catering exceeded any and all expectations that I had. My guests all raved about how delicious the food was. Up/down was happy to work with us to create a unique menu. We didn't want a sit down meal, but still wanted our guests to feel full on 'just' appetizers. Mission accomplished. They made numerous hearty dinner options,like brisket,bite sized. Up/Down also provided butler pass, replenished the table when food ran low, and was constantly cycling to clear dirty dishes. And all at a completely reasonable service fee. The real gem from Upstairs Downstairs, though, is Megan . She is in charge of wedding food planning and she blew me away. Not only was she readily available by phone or email, she met with us just enough times to make us feel completely comfortable with all the food plans. She was honest about menu options that did and didn't make sense, and worked hard to make our ideas a reality. She also went above and beyond the day of the wedding. She and her team helped with set up that was outside of their duties, in order to expedite my ceremony to reception room changeover, which was amazing. The catering, in my humble opinion, could not have been better.
5	We used Upstairs Downstairs Catering for our wedding and it was amazing. Megan was great to work with and they were SUPER flexible in accommodating several changes we wanted to our menu. And they also let us use our own recipe for a late night snack (poutine! which our Canadians guests were very happy about, and was a big hit with everyone). I would recommend them to anyone without hesitation.Recommended food: Cream sherry meatballs, buffalo chicken wonton cups, prosciutto and apple stuffed pork tenderloin. My cousin said that the mac and cheese may have been the best he's ever had. I also got a ton of compliments on the s'more parfait, although I was (very regrettably) not able to try it.
5	This added an amazing experience to our wedding planning and the entire event itself. Meghan was a complete joy to work with and completely handled everything we threw at her and she did with professionalism and more importantly passion. The food was phenomenal! The ravioli was to die for!Their service was neat, efficient and very professional, you hardly knew they were there. I recommend them to everyone I know and heck if we renew our vows they will get our business again, same with graduations and any other party we are having. Great job!
