4	I must admit I was a bit worried when I heard that Edinburgh was going to get an Urban Outfitters in 2009. If you know anything about Edinburgh, you'll know that there is a distinct style, that of the 'yah'. Hence why my heart sank a bit at the thought of Urban Outfitters - Edinburgh would get an entirely new species of yah - the cool one. But you know what? It's not so bad.Urban Outfitters has always been known for its edgy fashion and quirky bits n bobs. Rather than feel out of place in this ultra-cool shop, I felt quite at home! The layout is a bit difficult to navigate - the ground floor is ALWAYS busy yet the first floor, which is also womenswear, is never busy and all the dressing rooms are up here. Helpful hint - don't go here on a Saturday, there's just no point. The tills are also not in a great place, the queue clogs up the shop-floor and it's difficult to move around. But overall it's a great new arrival to the Princes St brigade.
4	Dragging the somewhat staid Princes Street into the 21st century, the recent arrival of Urban Outfitters brings both positive and negatives to the city's shopping scene.Positive - The city centre will soon be overrun with trendy arsehole indie art-school irony peddlers, just like Glasgow.Negative - The city centre will soon be overrun with trendy arsehole indie art-school irony peddlers, just like Glasgow.It's a win win, or lose lose, situation.
4	I am not a huge fan of Urban Outfitters. I think the huge range of fake spectacles they sell pretty much sums up the type of person who shops here. Seriously, someone please explain to me this trend of wearing super geeky glasses when you have 20/20 vision? Maybe I am just bitter because I can't afford to spend 30 pounds (my computer died so I am using my boyfriend's... why doesn't his keyboard have a pound sign??) on a t-shirt. Or maybe I just don't want to spend 30 pounds on a t-shirt, I don't know.But I do like the stylish interior of this store. And the trendy books about Audrey Hepburn and the Olsen Twins full of pretty pictures with plenty seating that allow you to read and not buy the books. I enjoy the home section too, some fun bits that I really don't need but buy anyway.
4	Ugh. I have to four star it, even though I know it's contrived!My feet always decide for me that I'm coming in for a look, but this branch in Edinburgh isn't too painful. They have a huge floorspace to work with, including a massive sales section at the back. The staff are friendly, it's well laid out and has the new, cool vibe of Urban Outfitters in America. Believe it or not, the Americans sell different stock to us.I always say I'm not a fan of Urban Outfitters, but what you need to learn about me, boys and girls, is that I am a huge hypocrite. I'll be warning my kids about this awful trait. I say one thing - with conviction, no less! - but do another. So yes, I genuinely wish I never shopped in here because it's so gloriously self-conscious, but they do sell some gorgeous clothes. Edinburgh's outlet is no exception, and if you can afford to spend some pennies in here at least their stuff lasts. And since Urban Outfitters cash in on older, "retro" trends, you can keep the stuff for years and bring it out of mothballs in 2030 when you're having a midlife crisis. That is, if you still fit into the tiny, tiny skirts and skinny jeans.I for one intend to become a complete pie after 40 and embrace the middle age spread, so I am enjoying their gorgeous wares now. By the way, is the early 90s now retro? I missed the memo. Feck, I'm getting old.
3	Full of trendy mantle piece items, old-school gimmicky gadgets and a plethora of clothing it seems Urban outfitters has their sights well set on the modern demographic. I can't help feeling the girls get the best deal with regards to clothing though, a mere smattering of 'T's' and quirky cardigans is all that seems to be found in the men's dept. I nice place to look around, but more often than not I never actually buy anything from such 'image' conscious shops.
4	I rarely head down to Urban Outfitters, because it's almost at the tail end of Princes Street. Too far.However, I was in desperate need of some sunglasses (in Edinburgh I know!) and decided they were bound to have something passably cool enough. Sadly the only pickings left in the women's section were quite pathetic; it made me wonder why the female section of a store can sometimes resemble a looted shop whereas there's usually a little more calm in the men's. Let's think about that.I emerged 30 minutes later very happy with my purchase of men's aviators (though I was told they're unisex anyway) and a bit glad I didn't waste any money on needless shopping. Because the clothes there, as bizarre as they may seem at times, are pretty fabulous. A tad more expensive than some of the stores at the beginning of Princes Street, but worth it in my opinion. You see, Urban Outfitters have successfully convinced me that they're "cool" and I'll forever think so. Maybe minus the "Eat Less" t-shirt they came up with. Someone high up must have had a brain fart.
