5	The Royal College of Surgeons was founded in 1505 to promote the highest standards of surgical practice, and remains one of the world's leading institutions for the establishment of standards, and the teaching and development of surgical medicine. It has had a long and fascinating history as an institution, but what most people will know it for is its wonderful architecture, and the adjacent museum. First the building: built in the first half of the 19th century, it was designed by William Henry Playfair (1790-1857), the foremost Scottish architect of the period. He delivered them the confident, classical Greek temple design we see today, with a bold Doric pediment forming the main street frontage. The two gates have impressive classical stone arches to the street, flanking the main facade. The complex originally contained a meeting hall, Museum, Lecture Room and Library and, although the complex has since expanded, the original buildings are well preserved and even contain some of the furniture, purpose designed for the College by Playfair himself. The interiors are equally splendid, with the feel of a comfortable Stately Home. The Museum, as others have described, is fascinating both to the student of medicine and to the public: and whilst it covers the development of surgery, from surgical instruments to anaesthesia and antiseptic practice, what most visitors remember is the Museum of Pathology, which contains examples of human anatomy and specimens from the 18th century to the present. The largest such museum in the UK, some may find the specimens a little gruesome (but fascinating). But the section on Burke and Hare, and the development of the character of Sherlock Holmes (based on a real surgeon), are equally fascinating and less chilling. Overall, a great alternative to your average museum. Just don't go before lunch.
5	This museum is BEYOND fascinating....... if you are into this kind of thing that some people may find gruesome and offensive.Just to explain I went here on a class trip with my University so we didn't really spend much time in the actual public part of the museum. We were given a little history about the museum and their role in helping support scientific research with I think is of great credit to them. They have some exhibits here that are hundreds of years old, and they have a vast catalogue of samples most of which are mainly used for teaching and the public don't get to see which is a shame.So we were allowed, as we are anthropology students, access to the upper floors where they have all the medical specimens. I can see why they are not on public display as some are a little gory even for me! After seeing all these intriguing samples they have I would love to come back here when I properly have time to go round all of the actual museum. At the moment they have a temporary exhibit on the importance of antiseptic in surgery which I would love to learn about. I would well recommend it to anyone.
