2	So I would give this place a three star due to their heath bar and maple bacon yogurt flavors, BUT their tart is not good at all-- and c'mon you judge a froyo place based on their tart yogurt. My fiance and I went there today and sampled the tart yogurt before indulging into our cravings, and all I can say is THANK GOD. The tart tasted rancide, like bad sour milk. We notified the owner and she said that is what "European tart" tasted and that she tasted it that morning and everything was fine.  Well... that would be a good enough explanation, except that all tart yogurts are European tart yogurts so try again. I don't think I will be going back.
4	I have been to this place multiple times and I think that it is very good!  I try some different flavors and load mine up with as many things I want.  Some of the yogurt flavors they have are a little odd, so I haven't tried every one.  I haven't noticed a sour milk taste to any of the flavors I have had.  Skinni girl or now-city girl is comparable to Cocomero.  I think that they need to change their name once again to something that doesn't have the word "girl" in it. I think that the name limits it's customer base. My boyfriend feels awkward going into a place called city girl that's all decked out in pink, but he enjoys it enough to deal with it, but would never go without me. I like that Skinni girl is not on campus, but it is still pretty far from where I live.  It's pretty pricey (and in order to use a debit/credit card you have to spend at least $5) and a distance from my house, but if I'm out that way, I definitely stop by to treat myself!
4	I 100% disagree with Shantel M. that there's something wrong with the plain tart frozen yogurt at City Girl. In fact, I think their plain tart is better than Cocomero, and possibly better than Pink Berry too. I strongly suggest sampling it before getting it if you're concerned, but neither I nor anyone else I know has complained about the plain tart tasting bad or 'rancid.' Perhaps this was a one time anomaly?It does seem a tad short sighted of City Girl Yogurt to use 'girl' in the title. I'm all for girl only spaces but I'm not sure they're in a position to do so, considering they're competing with Cocomero which is already fairly well established in the Champaign Urbana area. I thought having to change the name would be a blessing, but unfortunately they didn't want to make a big change and I think it's going to hold them back.Edit: My bad on the fruit comment. I know for sure the strawberries are fresh, but haven't been in the shop for some time and may have made a mistake in my original post. I do stand by the 'girl' in the title thing even though, as Amanda Y points out, it's not meant to encourage a girl only space. Sorry Amanda, I've had to drive self conscious males all the way to Cocomero in spite of my very close to proximity to City Girl. = \ Maybe now that it's City Girl rather than Skinni Girl fewer males will avoid it. I certainly hope so.
4	You walk in, grab a cup, pick a flavor, serve yourself, weigh it and pay. It was very good frozen creamy yogurt.
5	Great treat for whole family. Ever changing flavor list. Owner is a sweetheart.
5	City Girl Yogurt was the first ever frozen yogurt shop I have been to and I don't think I will be going to any others. A couple weeks ago I walked into a different one in town and I was so confused by their set-up, it didn't seem like a frozen yogurt shop at all. City Girl is a pretty basic place and I love that - it's frozen yogurt - nothing super fancy about that. You just grab a cup, pick any flavor, add as much or as little toppings as you would like, weigh and pay! After a couple of weeks going to City Girl, the owner knew me by name! It made me feel like a special customer to walk in and hear the owner call me by name - she is the sweetest and friendliest person I have met since I moved to the area about 3 years ago!!!I LOVE City Girl Yogurt!!!
5	Hands down BEST frozen yogurt I have ever had!!!!!  Very clean facility too!!We love to come here and see what new yummy flavors are available.  Fancy French vanilla is my favorite and the variety of toppings are amazing!!
4	I liked the texture and flavor of the yogurt. It was simple, creamy, and good.
4	City Girl has great flavors that are unique and fun like root beer float and cotton candy. They always seem to have something new and fresh and you can take pints to go. My only complaint is that the fumes from the nail shop next door come through the vents and it can be nauseating. They need to get this checked out. Also, the blonde girl working the counter needs to be more friendly.
3	At CGY, you first select your cup. J/K. They only have one to choose from and it could actually be considered a bucket due to it's monstrous size. Choose your flavor of fro-yo. I stole some swirl and chocolate from my little ones. Blech. Maybe I just don't like fro-yo? It's a fun place for kids because they can add all sorts of weird toppings and make their own scary concoction. Two small servings was about $8 which is to be expected, so no problem there. The best part? The location has fake grass outside.
1	I've been to City Girl twice now with two different friends. The first time we went we had never been to a self serve place like this before so when we walked in we didn't really know what to do. So looking slightly confused we asked the teenage girl at the counter. She looked at us annoyed pointed and said "get a cup, fill it, top it, pay for it". Ok. We reluctantly picked our yogurt (we spent a few minutes choosing the yogurt and toppings) and went to pay. The girl was so rude and boring and we didn't even get a thank you. She was really quick to get back on her cellphone though. Luckily the first time the yogurt was great. The second time..not so much. We walked in where we were giggled at by the old lady and the younger girl working. Really? Ok. Needless to say I felt uncomfortable. We chose our yogurt and went to pay. This time we received a forced thank you from the old hag. The yogurt tasted like crap that time around and I got the same as last time! I will never be back and anytime any of my friends suggest it I suggest another place instead. What a shame. It tasted good the first time. Not to mention the toppings had the flavor of the scent of the room...CLEANER! Nasty. Thanks for your teasing and crap yogurt. I hope you people go out of business soon and a worthy business can take over. The owner of this place is a joke. Look who she hired. Wow.
