3	Small easy access airport.  Friends flying their own up from Tucson tell me they prefer it because they can avoid the Phoenix Sky Harbor airspace.For those of us who don't fly, it is easy to park when meeting friends.  The restaurant is clean and serves adequate food.  There are plenty of things nearby if you have friends stopping in, and I don't remember any security hassles as all the traffic in and out is private.
4	From a pilot's perspective, this airport is one of the better ones in the valley for training.  The separate runways normally provide adequate spacing for those doing touch 'n go's vs. those who are coming in for business or to eat, whatever.  New tower on the north side provides better visibility for them compared to years past with the old tower.  Good proximity to practice areas for maneuvers without having to navigate dangerously close to other airspace.Facilities in the lobby are clean and adequate, including a fenced in area for kids to look at planes.  Restaurant ought to be avoided though.
4	Great place for breakfast and to watch the airplanes land and take off - service has been mixed depending on day of week.  Obviously Sat & Sun am are very busy.
4	NOT A PILOTS REVIEW!!! But as a lay person who just likes airplanes, this is a great place. My daughter and I like to go get Subway and sit in the sun on the Observation Deck. You can listen to the Tower on the speaker and see the planes come and go. Mornings are great because it is still cool outside but sunset is beautiful too. Parking is super easyBring the kids and burn an hour or two of free entertainment!
4	If I ever own a private jet, now I know where to land my plane! Who would have thought this cute little airport existed in Phoenix! I recently visited the Deer Valley airport for an evening event and while I wasn't lucky enough to fly away in the private jet to Sonoma, I was able to catch a glimpse of the airport from the ground. First up, I love the corporate air carrier area! The planes are really cool and I like the classic ones that you can view while you visit. The airport is extremely intimate and only houses relatively small planes, but it's similar to an old school airport and one where you can almost feel like 1960's celebrities will get off the private jet. This would be a cool place to bring children and let them watch the planes fly in and out. Finally, this is also an excellent location choice for an event! It gives attendees a very unique setting and you feel excited just thinking about jetting off somewhere in the night!
1	This is mainly a rant on the City of Phoenix aviation department and PanAm Flight Academy, not ATC.If you're a pilot, you're going to love this. Actual conversation while attempting to land at Deer Valley AirportTower: 3juliet bravo, make left downwind for two-five-right, you're second behind the Piper twin, he's short-fielding on two-five-left.Me: Uh, DV Tower, I think you might have a problem with the piper...he seems to be extending. Tower to Piper: PanAm23, why are you extending?PanAm23: Deal Va..rrey Tow.ell... uh,  prease..leepeet. After putting down, I ask the guys at the Atlantic FBO what's with all the Asian pilots, since this seems to be an everyday event.They tell me PanAm, the other flight academy at DV, in a shameless quest to improve enrollment, imported a few dozen students directly from China.It's like this every day.So now, instead of the tower conducting normal instructions, they're now busy teaching English to kids from China.Tower: PanAm23, please do not extend, REPEAT, DO NOT EXTEND! please begin your turn, you're approved for short field on two-five-left. DO YOU COPY???PanAm: ok..ten foal.As he continues to extend....Tower to me: JulietBravo, you wanna make short field on two-five-right?Me: Lodger that [giggling into open mic]Thanks PanAm
5	Great little airport. It has a nice restaurant inside with neat model airplanes hanging from the ceiling. Nice little lobby too.
5	No water in the hangar. Nice and dry after a day of rain. Great airport.
