4	Wow, grab a bunch of veggies in their pressed juices to start your day.  Folks are very friendly; at 2nd visit, staff putting in ponytail while behind the counter. Just a bit more diligence with the hair hygiene may be appropriate. I did enjoy the juices regardless & love this option in Arcadia.
4	First visit today! They just opened next door to Pita Jungle and I wanted a smoothie for lunch. Had the tropical cooler and it was fantastic. Prices are pretty comparable to other juice bars. $7.80 for a 24 oz smoothie. They also have acai bowls. Will def be back.
5	So I walked into the very cheerful cashier and ordered the Banana Berry Acai Bowl, made from freshness in front of you, awesome. This frozen treat is topped with granola and fresh sweet fruit. Recommend to anyone looking to try something new and delicious.
4	Three simple words: Pumpkin. Pie. Smoothie.Now, before you dismiss me as just another wild-eyed white girl inexplicably obsessed with all things pumpkin, allow me to reassure you that I am not that girl. Pumpkin and coffee are a combination as appealing as blueberries and cat vomit. Just... no. I will never photograph, post, or tweet about anything involving a PSL, unless I am making fun of someone. But pumpkin PIE? Let's talk. I had just finished returning an embarrassing stack of regrettable internet purchases to UPS when I saw the sign. First, a real live juice bar in my hood? On the way to work? Open when I drive by? No rush hour left hand turns required for ingress and egress? Boom. I hustled on in to be delighted by a nice big menu with juices, smoothies, acai bowls, and snacks. The green juices looked amazing but at this point I was like a dude in old town Scottsdale on Saturday night: on a Mission For Pie. I ordered one up from the marginally friendly girl behind the counter -- a little over five dolla. Not bad for a fancy ass smoothie. After the usual few minutes, the guy from the back (significantly friendlier than the girl) popped out with my glass of magic. It's a good thing I waited till I was in the car until I tried it because it was like a LOL cat came to life as the NOM NOM NOM sounds reflexively escaped my body. I have no idea how they do it. It is spot on pumpkin pie, minus a buttery crust and animal-derived ingredients. Perfect rich pumpkin flavor, heavy on the spices, and super creamy. AH-mazing. I got to the very bottom and there was one last small solid nugget so I scooped it up. Banana. BANANA? That shit IS bananas because I seriously did not detect a banana flavor at all. This trickery just added to the wizardry mystique of this glass of magic.I am super stoked to have this place so close to home and I look forward to sampling every stinking item on the menu.
4	I got the pb bowl as a blended smoothie! The girl working was so nice and made it special for me. I highly recommend it. Watch out for the blonde guy though - he can be moody! Lol
