4	Awesome Carne Asada. Great homemade refried beans. Very good service. OK fish tacos. Way, WAY out in Sun Lakes...
4	Ramiros used to be open 24 hours, so you know this was my spot when it was 2:45AM and me and my friends are hammered and we all decided that we are hungry, and everyone knows mexican food is the best drunk munchies. Sadly, they changed their hours... maybe because my friends and I weren't getting drunk enough, so they figured to close shop a couple hours earlier. Sad day. I still go there time to time for their carne asada fries, or menudo for my hangover.
4	One of the best fish burritos in town! Servings are generous. Atmosphere is clean and prices are reasonable. Staff is courteous with quick service.
3	Love this place for a quick Mexican fix. Their "Rami burrito" is really good! Carne asada burrito is really salty. Hubby loves their menudo.
5	We went again last night and I ordered the chimi plate. We got home and I opened the box and my eyes almost popped out of my skull at how ginormous it was! I got the shredded beef and it tasted as good as it looked. I think the whole plate was something like $6.25 or so, which is an awesome deal for the portion. Plus they put sour cream, cheese, lettuce, pico, and guac on it which is usually extra at other places. I definitely recommend it!
5	We use yelp.com anytime we are out of town and want a great place to eat. We weren't disappointed again...Ramiro's is great...generous portions, great prices, huge selection...you can even get most everything ala carte. We were visiting my parents and told them about Ramiro's. They said they have driven by many, many times...not any more! I had the biggest, best carnitas chimichanga I have ever seen. Can't wait to come back and have the taco salad. Don't drive by this place!
1	After the 1st time eating their, I would give it a second chance, and then the third time I decided not to get food at this place again, Taco Bell, Taco Johns a much better choice in this catagory
5	I love this place.  This is exactly what I expect from a taco shop.  Good food, nice friendly staff and a decent price.  The burritos are huge and so flavorful.  I love the Rami Burrito; Carne Asada, Shrimp, Bacon with cheese, pico and fries!
