3	Obviously Salsaritas is a chain but I love this location because everyone is so friendly!!  There is almost always a door-greeter person at lunch that helps keep the dining area clean and pokey-eaters alert.  This is great for group breakfasts and great lunches too!  It is the one place most of my team likes and we always leave super happy and full!  The best seat at lunch is at the counter to people watch.  Skip the boring chicken (it is much better at Chipotle anyways) and get the el pastor, you wont regret it!  :-D
3	Middle of the road Mexican fare served VERY quickly.  At least at this Uptown location where the lunch line blazes along.  Middle of the road isn't a bad thing in this case, just exactly what you would expect from a semi-fast food Mexican place with these prices.I generally stick to two things when ordering.  Crispy Tacos with shredded pork or the Nachos with seasoned ground beef.  With the tacos, eat them quickly or the crispy shells get un-crispy quickly.  For the nachos, whatever you do, don't look up the nutritional info on the website or they will be difficult to enjoy.  if you're into pain/guilt  though, go and just plug in "chips", no other ingredients, and see what the calorie counter shows. For basically any dish, you get choices of salsa (go hot!), beans, rice, queso, cilantro, sour cream, guacamole, etc, etc...End of the day if you want to leave cube-ville Uptown, don't have much time and want to get filled up with some vaguely Mexican flavored food, Salsarita's is your go to.
4	First let me say that there are two Salsaritas in uptown Charlotte that are less that a half mile apart. One sits in the Overstreet mall and the other sits in the Latta Arcade by The French Quarter. This review is for the Overstreet Mall location. Please note that someone has mistakenly included an exterior picture of the Latta Arcade location on here. On to the review... This was my first time visiting Salsaritas so I was not entirely sure what to expect since I usually avoid most chain restaurants. Located in the Overstreet Mall, it is convenient to get to if you work uptown like me or if you happen to be visiting for the day. Admittedly, the long line almost made me move on to see what else I could find but since I had some extra time, I decided to wait it out. I discovered that despite the long line, the service is lightning fast so I ended up waiting less than five minutes to get to the counter. I got a taco salad since that was the special for the day. Although I am not sure if this is the case with the whole menu, I was able to pick whether I wanted chicken, ground beef or steak and then I had a massive amount of toppings to choose from. Everything looked very fresh which is a must for me. There was no brown lettuce, soggy tomato, or sour cheddar cheese. The taco salad was pretty good and I think I would have it again. There was plenty of seating and I wouldn't have minded eating my lunch there if I was not by myself. Still, since I was on my own for lunch I got everything to go. I was really surprised that they packed my taco salad in a huge box specially made for my meal. The box probably cost more than my entree! lol... Anyway, I was in and out with decent food. If you are in a hurry and want a more substantial lunch, I would recommend Salsaritas. I think that the wait to get my food was quicker than if I had gone to the Chickfilet that sits right across the hallway.
4	right across the street from my building and i really like this place. the service is super nice. i had the nachos with the grilled fajita beef. so good. also when im in a hurry or want something "healthy" ill just get a side of black beans and rice...add some of their pico and salsa and boom its a fiesta
3	Very average, very fast, always consistent, BUT they offer a rewards card that tallies up points decently fast, so that's a +1.  I'm always impressed at how consistent the food is and how fast the line moves.  2 locations right across the street from each other, and both are packed and both are good.You can't go wrong with either, but don't expect it to blow your face off.
3	what can i stay?  in the mexican/southwestern semi-fast food heirarchy, you will find salsaritas somewhere in the middle.  not as bad as taco hell, but not as good as moe's or chipotle.  about on par with q'doba.i usually go with the small steak or burrito bowl to go.  when they make the regular burritos, i think they could stand to drain the scoop of meat a second or two longer so as not to create a mushy mess three minutes into your dining experience.  the combo isn't too bad with a small cup of queso (seriously, i once said cheese instead of queso and got the most quizzical look from the guy) and a drink for about nine bucks.its not a huge place, nor is it built for comfort, so i tend not to linger.  they have another location in the overstreet mall, and the traffic at this location is much easier to deal with.
3	This is not a bad place for lunch. I ordered a burrito in a bowl topped with chicken, cheese, salsa, onions, sour cream and parsley. It is very similar to Chipotle, however I still like Chipotle better. They have a couple windows seats that has a god street view, making it an ideal spot to people watch.
4	I haven't been there in sometime but this was my staple lunch go-to for many many months. It can get crowded and hectic during the lunch hour and when it's cold outside the end of the line will be by the door for sure.This is the best fast food Mexican I've ever had. So much that when I moved to Chicago I went to the Salsarita's website to ask for one to come to Chicago. Not one here yet. This is so much better than Qdoba and Burrito Beach.For starters you can eat somewhat healthy here. I used to order 3 hard tacos with shrimp, lettuce, tomato, cilantro, and onion (do this instead of the pico to avoid the added salt) and it was so good. If I had room to splurge in my diet I would add guacamole. When I was having a really crappy day I would get nachos loaded with everything and they would taste amazing.I don't get to the Queen City much anymore, but when I fly through Charlotte I make sure to go to the one at Douglas airport. Tip: the one in the E concourse has hard shell tacos, the one in the main concourse does not!
5	Quick service even when they are lined out to the door - which happens frequently around noon every day of the week. Food is good and servers aim to please by fixing everything according to order. Only thing I'd change is the drink station. It's located in a corner and it's difficult for more than one person to be there at one time.
2	Got a 5.00 small burrito bowl. 1.50 extra for 'grilled' vegetables that were practically fresh and FAR from grilled that I threw out since I specifically asked for NO green peppers and none of it was cooked. An extra 1.50 for shrimp...got 6 of them in total. A little less than thrilled overall. Wish I'd just braved the line at Johnny Burrito...there is a reason there is a line there an not here.
