5	Fresh and great variety! Good coffee
5	Holy Cow! I haven't had a donut this good since I was in high school and the debate coach would send us to the little spudnut shop on main street in Bountiful, UT for a donut run. Golden Donuts is big, fluffy deliciousness!!!
4	Awesome .... They have the Ham and Swiss baked Croissant, which Paradise Bakery discontinued!! Will be stopping by a couple times a week..If its morning I will try the coffee..Good Luck to this business to stay !!
5	Freshest donuts, good coffee, boba teas. Fresh made bagel sandwiches, toaster sandwiches, crosiants.
5	Yum... great service, great hours, clean  as a whistle, great selection, and yum yum donuts!  Can't wait to try the sammiches and smoothies.  Love it!
5	I have no complaints at all about Golden Donuts.  I've eaten food from here a few times and have visited the location once.The donuts are really good.  I've had the Pastrami and Egg Breakfast Croissant, and it is EXCELLENT!The facility is clean.  The customer service is top-notch.  Bye bye Bosa Donuts for me!  I can now have fresh made, delicious donuts from a privately owned bakery minus the 'tude.  (All you Bosa Donut customers know what I'm talking about..)  All smiles from here on out!
5	5 Star customer service!!!  Awesome and friendly.  Super accommodating.  They really give Bosa a run for their money, especially since Bosa's quality experienced a downturn.My wife loves their glazed blueberry cake, and I like their strawberry iced with sprinkles.  My daughter loves their sandwiches.  Hope you stay around for a long time, Golden
5	Bosa, you've been dethroned. I don't know what miraculous alternate dimension Golden Donuts warped out of, and frankly, I don't care. What I do care about is a quality donut, and on that, Golden totally delivers. Perfect old fashioneds. French crullers without that all-too-common weird grittiness. Amazingly light, perfectly glazed raised donuts. Cinnamon swirls that actually taste like--get this!--cinnamon.The stamp on the box boastingly proclaims them to be "The Best Donuts in Arizona," and I can't disagree. The only donut I can even begin to criticize is the long john, and it's not even bad, it's just that I prefer mine a little taller than Golden's flatter (but still quite delicious) version.
5	This place reminds me of the little donut places in NYC. The donuts are fresh no matter what time you go, and they're open 24 hours a day/7 days a week! Who does that in AZ! Yay!
5	Best donuts ever. Hands down. The people that work there are very nice and on the ball, the throw in free donuts every time we buy some! So consequently we've gotten to try donuts we wouldn't have ordered in the first place otherwise. I will only go here from now on for my donut needs. And now, I need their donuts. It's symbiotic.
5	Awesome donuts! The quality is definitely comparable to Dunkin & KK, but you get a lot more for your money.  Love, love, love the donuts here.  I rather support a local business owner over corporate chain any day.  Try them for yourself, it's only around $7 for a dozen!
2	Checking out hot new businesses on Yelp and I was thrilled to find this place as it happens to be very close to my home. Read the stellar reviews and was happy to give it a try. So I really (really) hate to be the one give it a less than stellar review...Stopped in this morning for donuts and coffee. They advertise cappuccino so I was really disappointed to see one of those automatic machines you see in a gas station. Cappuccino was no good obviously.Speaking of cappuccino, the lady serving me didn't understand that cappuccino is not a flavor. I ordered a hazelnut cappuccino (which I threw away after one sip), and the lady brought out 2 drinks. I said I only wanted the hazelnut and she said I ordered the hazelnut and cappuccino. NO. Cappuccino is not a flavor! Anyway, the miscommunication was a little annoying.As for the donuts, pretty great. I ordered 1/2 dozen - glazed, sugar, toasted coconut, original, and 2 pink sprinkled (for the kids).The toasted coconut was PHENOMENAL! I will return just for that donut. The original was hard and stale, and the others were good but not mind blowing. I've had better at Bosa consistently.Customer service was icy. The cappuccino thing aside, the lady was not friendly or helpful. I was not greeted, she didn't say thanks or have a nice day. Nothing. And seemed annoyed that it was taking me awhile to decide which donuts I wanted (it was my 1st time there!)Anyway, I'll probably return if I have a craving for that toasted coconut donut, but I'll probably drop my 79 cents on the counter (no tip) and get out. Given the great reviews, I was pretty disappointed with my experience today. Hopefully it was just a fluke.
5	For those of you that have been Bosa-Goers for years its time to step outside of the box and try this place out!  Now I know how difficult for you this might be but I think you will be pleasantly surprised with what is in store for you.I cannot tell you how much more I love the service here, I have only been twice and haven't felt uncomfortable or unwelcome once.  Not only is it a good deal for mouth watering donuts compared to grocery store donuts I'd pay the extra couple dollars for decadent fried goodness in my mouth then donuts that aren't as amazing as this.  I still need to try the rest of the donuts I got today and more from golden donuts I didn't select today. I wish that we could get samples of donuts that way you know what is going to be your favorite.  I mean bosa and golden donuts are both amazing quality donuts and much better of a deal than krispy kreme is, but one of these days ill have to get the same donuts from Bosa and Golden donuts and try bite for bite to taste the huge difference.  One donut I did notice a difference was the old fashioned tasted like it was made that day and not stale like Bosas can be at times.  Golden donuts needs to start expanding and having drive thru's too!
5	The place is great. For those reviewers that are hard trained Bosa lovers its purely loyalty that keeps you saying they are the best. Golden Donut blows them out of the water. Also its MUCH cleaner inside than Bosa ever thought of being. Its a mom and pop which is great and they prices are wonderful.Give it a try and you will love it. Oh and the reviewer that was upset that they were not Cappuccino experts.....lol! Go to starbucks if you are looking for that. The coffee is hot and fresh and goes great with the donuts. Its not by any means fancy.
5	I will start out by saying that up until now, I have always been a Bosa fan. I still like them, but this place is far better in everyway. As far as customer service goes, they are the top of the heap, always treating my family as welcome guests in their shop. They often give the kids free donut holes, much to the delight of my four year old. And talk about great donuts! Wow. These bad boys are incredibly light, fluffy, and delicious. They are always spot on, and I always know what I am going to get. Particular favorites in my house are the glazed blueberry cake donuts, and the lemon filled. Of course, the fritters go a long way as well. And who can dismiss the perfection that is the classic glazed donut? No one, that's who. The breakfast sandwiches are AWESOME! And the coffee is great for that early morning pick me up. Fresh brewed and hot. Just the way I like it. Thank you Golden Donuts for bringing the joy of fresh donuty goodness right into the neighborhood. You have my family and me as customers for life!
4	Good place to come in the morning. Good Donuts and they will always make fresh coffee as needed.
4	I've been thinking about this joint for a few months since I started yelping and read the reviews.  Thank you thank you thank you to the reviewer who mentioned the toasted coconut donut.  Holy moley that is good.  I also tried a twist with sugar.  Very good and fresh donuts.  I stopped in around 3 p.m. on a weekday and I was the only one in the store and was impressed with how clean it was.  I won't be back often because these things aren't good for me and if I'm going to have excess calories, I'd rather they be alcohol-related, but the next time I'm craving a donut, Golden Donuts is what I'm going to hit.
4	Let's get the most important piece of information out of the way first- the buttermilk donuts are outstanding! Order those, and you can't go wrong. It's the only donut I've had that can come close to reaching the upper echelon of donutdom, Donut Plant in NYC.Big props too for being open 24 hours. As an AZ native, I'm astounded by this concept. I'm actually thankful this place wasn't open when I worked across the street at Osco because I would have to mainline Lipitor.I was happy with the service because the lady behind the counter gave us some good suggestions. The other donuts we had (apple fritter, chocolate glazed, cinnamon crunch) were all solid. Great prices too.Buttermilk buttermilk buttermilk. Just repeat this and remember it when you walk through the door.
5	I have been here two times so far and I will be going back soon. I have yet to try a doughnut, I know who goes to golden doughnut and not have a doughnut. There are many more things here than doughnuts. On my first trip I had a plain croissant toasted and a watermelon smoothie. The croissant tatsted fresh and was flaky, warm and delicious. The watermelon smoothie actually tasted like real watermelon in my drink. They also have lunch sandwiches here, so my 2nd visit I had a turkey croissant sandwhich. It was so good, everything tasted fresh, I also got one for my friend and she said the best sandwhich ever. I love that they are 24 hours and have a variety of a selection for breakfast and lunch. I
5	This place is fantastic! I drive by Golden Donuts every day on my way home from work. I decided to take my son here one day before going to the park, to finally try it out. I was not at all disappointed. These donuts are FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC. I admit, the only donuts I ever eat are DD and that is only when people bring them in to work. I am not a fan of DD at all. They are seriously on par with a QT or other gas station donut. I have had Bosa before, and while they're better than DD, I don't think they're great. Golden Donuts has the freshest, softest, moistest (is that a word?), most delicious donuts ever! I've been back several times since. The glazed twists are fantastic. The cake donuts are perfection.... a nice crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. The cruellers, the fritters, the Boston Creme! Yum! Definitely stop by here if you are in the area. Donuts are only $.75 each, $3.98 for a half dozen and $6.98 for a dozen.
5	Move over Bosa, there's a new champ in town!This place is super good, and the one area where they crush Bosa, is in customer service. Bosa is nice, don't get me wrong, but Golden has the friendliest, warmest staff around. The donuts are close to Bosa, but just edge it out by a hair. It is very safe to say if you like Bosa, you will love Golden. It's great that the valley has so many non-chain options, and I encourage you to skip Dunkin, and the corporate crap, and support locally owned spots.This is where something funny and witty would go, but I got nothing. So maybe think of a good joke during this time. Ready, go: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Ha ha! That was a good one! Now go get some donuts!
4	Just moved from Utah and was looking for a new donut shop.  I drove over from Gilbert to this donut shop because of the reviews on Yelp.  First of all, it is open 24/7, so that is a plus.  The service was very good, with a pleasant attitude and a very polite approach.  I ordered a dozen donuts and the man who waited on us gave us 2 extra, just because he was so nice!  The donuts were actually not the best I have every had (for those, you will need to go to Banbury Cross Donuts in Salt Lake City), but they were very delicious and worth the trip.  I was a little disappointed in the chocolate on chocolate cake donuts, as they were not nearly as chocolatey as I am used to.  I would have given this donut shop 3 stars, but the kindness and generosity of the counter person was exceptional...so 4 stars from me.They also have sandwiches and smoothies, but I have a thing about buying sandwiches or smoothies from a donut shop...they just do not go together for me, so I have no idea if they are any good.
4	Donuts supreme. Yummy!Very friendly service.Lousy coffee. Best thing to do is to get your coffee across the street, then buy the donuts.
3	We were first time customers this morning and I've got to say the donuts were fantastic! The mini apple fritters had lots of apple, the crullers had that wonderful crisp to them, and the donut holes we found out were additive as well as extremely light and fluffy. My BF says the coffee was pretty good, not anything to write home about, but it was good. The prices are great, cheaper than Dunkin by far. Also another nice plus is that they weren't out of anything at 8:00am! All the times I have gone to Dunkin I know if I don't get there by 6:00am all the good choices will be gone. Also Dunkin's quality is much lower then Golden's. The staff was...okay. They weren't rude but they weren't really friendly either. Also they didn't have decaf coffee, which my BF has switched to so that was a bummer. Also their menu goes past donuts into breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches, which all are created on your choice of either a bagel, toast, or croissant. They also carry an assortment of smoothies. Overall we absolutely loved it so we'll definitely be going back!
4	Yummy.... Very close to Bosa but I am still bosa's die hard fan. The Apple fritter was slightly greasy for my taste and I like bosa's butter milk better as well but overall great quality and delicious donuts.
4	Pretty much the best doughnut I've eaten, ever.I am no connoisseur, despite the overly descriptive detail that will follow, but have had my fair share of donuts over the years and was admittedly impressed to find that it is in fact possible to make a version that tastes noticeably different than any other.We ordered a sugar twist, a buttermilk, a seemingly simple glaze, and Thai tea. I bit into the sugar twist first as it tends to be a fave and noticed immediately that there was a slight crisp to it that I had never experienced. The buttermilk was pretty much just a delicious warm biscuit that had been fried twice over in sugar. So bad, yet so very good. The glaze, which is usually my least favorite kind, ended up the real show stopper.  It was like a flaky layered croissant consistency, but with that same oh-so- slight outer crisp that accompanied the rest. Just pure evil really. The Thai tea wasn't my favorite (a little too syrup-y), but the outdoor seating was a bonus, the service was good, and at just under $5 the price was right.  I'm a fan and will be trying my hardest not to come back soon.
5	They have a huge variety of items, which really surprised me. I didn't expect there to be boba tea, or coffee for that matter. I think I'll need to incorporate these guys into my morning routine.
5	Bosa donuts now has some real competition. Golden donuts is a small donut shop with a very friendly owner. On my first trip I ordered the buttermilk donut and the original glazed donut. Both were amazing!!! Another reviewer said that the donuts had a slight tasty crunch to them and I would have to agree. Less than a week later I came back in to order my first dozen was definitely pleased with my order as well as the others that I shared them with. Golden donuts is an awesome place and I highly recommend going there......Like now!!
4	I've been here a couple of times. Their donuts are delicious, ham and cheese croissants are good and their tea infused drinks look delicious. I would recommend this place and plan to continue to patronize this establishment when ever I find the need for a fat pill or croissant.
3	Folks in the east valley are deprived as the true greatest donut place of all time (Lamar's Donut's) is all the way up on Bell Rd and is not really within driving distance for breakfast.  So, we press on making due with Bosa and now Golden Donuts as well.  If you've been to Bosa, you've been to Golden Donuts.  The types of donuts are nearly identical, the way they prepare them is pretty much the same, they both serve similar drinks.  I think the deciding factor for me would be which one is closer to where I happen to be at the moment.  They are that interchangeable.
4	Good selection of great tasting donuts and sandwiches. They have plenty of different drinks. The taro smoothie was decent but the coffee was pretty terrible. I don't think I've ever had worse coffee but I guess you can't really expect much more since it was $1.
4	I don't have a biased opinion on donut shops here in AZ (aka Bosa), I just know a good donut when I eat one. The standout's at this little gem open 24/7 are the Apple Fritter, Toasted Coconut and JUST PLAIN GLAZED! Each donut had a delicious bite with a fluffy center and the perfect amount of sweetness.  IF you're in the area craving a donut, this place will not disappoint!
5	I haven't tried anything else but their donuts were the BEST!!!
3	I've had donuts from Golden Donut at a friend's house previously, and I recently visited the shop to try it out myself.. I will say that "take out" is definitely the way to go with this place. We headed over with a group of 3 adults and 1 baby. Points to Golden Donut for actually having a high chair (many places don't and it makes managing a little one vastly more difficult) The rest of the experience, with the exception of the actual donuts, was exremely lacking. The restaurant has two little fast food restaurant booths, one of which was overtaken by half eaten food that appeared to have been sitting out for awhile, and continued to sit out the entire time that we were there (gross) The highchairs were both pretty sticky, which I guess is understandable considering that the product for sale is a sugar coated confection. Outside of these items, the store was otherwise clean, particularly the case where the donuts are displayed, the register, etc. We ordered out donuts, which is always a laborious process ... the people taking the order always seem to struggle with the idea that you don't have the correct names for every donut memorized, and as the orderer, I always forget that it is difficult for them to see me pointing at the donuts THROUGH the case. Even so, it would've gone much better if the woman helping us was a) friendly b) patient ... instead she impatiently asked in a rude tone "is that all?" after each donut ordered.  The drink selection is a bit weird - lots of bottled drinks in a large case to the side, but no fountain drinks, iced tea, etc. At $2ish each, drinks for 4 people made up about half the cost of our order. Now, the piece de resistance of our visit: napkins. After being handed the box containing our donuts, I turned to collect the necessary accoutrements so that we could sit down to enjoy them: napkins, for example. I stepped to the countertop near the doorway, which was littered with creamers, sweeteners, stir sticks, etc etc etc - everything you could possibly need for your coffee, but no napkins. So, I head back to the register and nicely ask for some napkins - I am handed three, yes THREE narrow, thin napkins, and had to beg her for a few more (she grudgingly handed me two more napkins) Ri-di-cu-lous. Aside from all of that, the donuts were fresh, tasty, and way larger than I usually expect. They were also heavier than typical, which could be a good or bad thing. We had the coconut glazed (they used fresh coconut and it was delicious), chocolate iced, maple bar, buttermilk (a bit stale tasting), glazed twist and raspberry filled. They were all what you'd expect, but fresher and bigger - yum. So, place = ok, service = bad, donuts = good. If you're planning to stop in to pick donuts up for the office or a morning vegging out at home, its a good choice.
4	The donuts are still great, but the shop is no longer 24/7. They close at 10pm on weekdays and midnight on weekends.
5	My kid has been asking me to go get donuts before school but I'm not really a fan of the selection or quality of donuts at Dunkin. Courtesy of yelp I realized this place was right around the corner from her school so I stopped there today for half a dozen. It was totally worth it! This place is such a find! I would definitely recommend the coconut cream donut and the sugar twist. All the donuts were extremely fresh and tasted amazing. Also while there I got a taro boba tea. If you have never tried boba tea it is definitely worth it. They are one of my favorite frozen drinks to get anywhere.
2	I decided to go here one morning with my son. He liked it bc there was a lot to choose from. For me offer hand ehhh.....first the owner was very grumpy that morning. I tried to order some type of coffee drink, since there are posters everywhere for different types of coffee drinks. Nope only thing he has is a coffee "smoothie" Uhhh no thanks! Then he asked me the most random invasive question...."are you Chinese?" I don't care about races but why ask that? The tables were filthy. Sitting there watching my son eat with nothing to drink he seemed to enjoy it. I took a bite; it was good and fresh. Undecided if I will be back.
5	I'm basing my 5 stars on what I went in for...donuts and coffee on my way to work. Was thrilled that they have the blueberry filled donuts with the powdered sugar on top. This was my go to at Dunkin but they do not make it anymore! It was a yummy donut. I also ordered a twist with sugar...this was really perfect. I was surprised by the hand full of extra glazed donut holes that were also put in the bag. YUM! I got a small coffee and was off to work...eating my donuts on the way! If you come here to eat in the shop you may be dissapointed...it is small and there is an annoying bell that says "welcome" everytime the door is opened so I would think if you stayed there to eat that would be super annoying!
5	The doughnuts are deeee-lish-ous!! And the owner is so nice! I have been in several times and he remembers me.. I can't say enough great things about this place!!
2	Save $ get your doughnuts at Fry's. The doughnut I got tasted like it may have been at least a day old. The shop isn't very clean or fun to look at. I was hoping it would be a fun little shop to take my daughter to.
1	I had been going to Golden Donuts as a tradition with my kids most Sunday mornings Until the staff one day were having some sort of argument... The owner behind the counter was obviously upset and lashed out at me saying we are closed no donuts. Not a way to run a business! Especially to a regular customer! I decided to take my business elsewhere until my wife on her birthday wanted a buttermilk donut from them...I reluctantly agreed and asked the owner behind the counter about our last encounter and he did not offer any apology for his rude and unprofessional behavior but instead made excuses. Looks like I will have to go to Bosa or Frys. Sorry Golden Donut you get a FAIL for customer service!
2	Nice, friendly, and a decent deal. I wouldn't say they're extraordinary, but they aren't horrible. Some of my donuts didn't seem as fresh either. Don't expect any goodness from anything creme or jelly filled. I gotta say I was disappointed in those. The dough was some what stale and I barely got filling to help with the dryness of the donut. Open 24/7 is a plus, but I think I shall give me allegiance to the double Ks of Krispy Kreme.Prices raised and it doesn't seem worth it to come here anymore.
5	Super fresh.  Super service.  And super fuel for holiday shopping.  Delicious donuts!  And as a bonus they threw in about a half doz donut holes for free.  These plus a cup of coffee and I'm invincible!!!
1	Just went here tonight and they had the worst donuts I've had in my life. That includes Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme too. I love donuts and when I move to a new area I always like to check out ALL the highly reviewed donut shops. I had a boston creme donut that was filled with maybe a tablespoon of creme and was really small. The donuts were dried out (that's my fault because I went at 9PM) so I won't judge them too harshly on that part but it's still not enjoyable. The cake donuts with sprinkles were tiny and undersized. I ordered a chocolate covered buttermilk donut (normally really good if you get them at Rainbow) and the bread of the donut tasted like it was deep fried in oil that was a week old or something. Seriously, the donut tasted like old grease, to the point that it was a more prominent flavor than the chocolate frosting itself. I committed the ultimate sin and threw away the other donuts I ordered and that's a first in my life.I don't know what other people are talking about when they give these donuts great reviews but I'm guessing that these people have never eaten a real donut or a donut outside of Arizona. I don't get why all the donut shops here (golden,bosa,rainbow,etc) are copies of each other. I drove 45 minutes to Lamars Donut Shop to get some real donuts and that's BY FAR the best donut shop I've found since I moved here. Don't waste your money at Golden, you might as well go to QT and pick up a donut if you're that desperate. Even Rainbow is head and shoulders above this place.
5	This is a super small shop but they have delicious donuts. They were super fresh, soft and sooo tasty. My mouth is watering as I type this. They have great flavors like cinnamond sugar and coconut cream which were amazing. The owner was so kind. She even threw in a free donut since they were out of the raspberry filled. I dont live anywhere closr to this shop but I would make the drive again. Yum!!
4	Good and cheap (buy one dozen get 6 free). Donut types very similar to bosa donuts. However, they could work on the customer service. I do realize it's a family business but they don't have to blast their conversations on speaker.
1	Went in this morning to pick up some donuts for my co-workers. As I entered, the doorbell rang and I waited a solid three minutes for service, I heard them talking in the back but no one ever came out to greet me...
4	Love this place. Support local. The donuts are fabulous and the lovely owners, from Cambodia are just lovely. In addition to their donuts, I had an everything bagel sandwich. DELISH!!!
5	This place has wonderful doughnuts and amazing breakfast sandwiches.  We usually go here twice a month.  Of all the doughnut places in the area, this one takes the cake.
4	Chandler's Best Donuts - A local business worth supporting. The best donuts anywhere. So why on God's Green Earth would you hit up Dunkin Donuts after savoring the goodness that's Golden Donuts & Smoothies? I've only been in once; however, I've had donuts twice.The first time was when Dude had to break a twenty, so he brought home two Old Fashioned Krullers.Super fresh; crunch to the outside but melt in your mouth in the middle. Simple and delicious. Today, I dropped by after a few errands. Picked up an Old Fashioned Kruller for Dude, a Vanilla Frosted for me, and a Thai Iced Tea.Vanilla Frosted was your typical standard donut, but still good. What really stood out was the Thai Iced Tea. Absolutely phenom! Put this in my Top 3 Best Thai Iced Teas list. All this for just a little over $5. And Keep in mind, if your purchase is under $3 . . . cash only. The customer service was a little on the brusk side; however, I will continue to visit GD when that occasional craving for donuts strikes. Matter of fact, think I'll swing by tomorrow morning to pick up a box for a Monday Meeting. With the Yelp check in of buy a dozen get six free, how could you go wrong?!
5	Wow! Where have these donuts been hiding. When the sign out front says best donuts in town you think that is a pretty big claim but they ain't lying. These are really good donuts. Just a tiny bit crispy on the outside and so warm and nice on the inside. They fry them up just right.They have breakfast sandwiches and smoothies which I have not tried yet. But the donuts are reason enough to come back again and again. The prices is pretty good too. Plus if you buy a dozen you get another half dozen free.They really are better than that other local donut place that everybody raves about. Get other here and give them a try. You will not be disappointed. Mmmmmmm....... donuts. Homer would approve. Thanks to Meagan B for telling me about this place. What a find.
5	This is a nice, small family owned business that treats their customers very well. Great donuts, great smoothies, great fresh veggies on their sandwiches. I go here often.
5	All my life.. People, doctors, teachers and counselors told me id never have a good donut. Well look at me now.
4	Great fresh donuts at a great price! And the buy a doz get 6 free is a great deal. Place is slightly dirty out front which leads me to believe its dirty in the back otherwise I would have given 5 stars.
4	These are the best donuts I have had in years!  They are perfectly sweet and very fluffy. Check this store out! Other pastries available, smoothies - nice find!
5	Thee serve a variety of coffees, bobas, smoothies, doughnuts, breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches. I absolutely love their soon third and doughnuts. Much better than Krisy Kreme and The Dunkin! Definitely recommend this place!
3	Eh, it was just alright. The donuts are about on par with Bosa, but they do have the added benefit of offering ice cream in addition to smoothies and coffee drinks. I had a buttermilk donut and a Thai iced tea. The buttermilk donut tasted fresh and had a sweet sugary glaze and soft tender cake. The Thai iced tea was more like Thai iced diabetes (Dia-be-teas?) since it's the most sugar infused version I've ever had! I could only finish about half of the donut and the drink before deciding it wasn't worth the need for metformin in the future.Service was brusque and I had to repeat my order a few times to the cashier, despite only ordering 3 things (2 donuts and the tea).Prices are decent, but this isn't a place I'll be going out of my way for if I want donuts or a refreshing drink.
5	These were brought into work today and I was stunned by how good they were.  I'm a big fan of Bosa Donuts but what I just ate was better than any I've had from Bosa.  I'm going to need to go back about 6-7 times to make sure there is consistency!
1	UPDATE! So I received a harassing message from the owner accusing me of working for Yelp, that I should not say anything and not to come back if I don't like them. My original review was 3 stars, but as a result, they've been downgraded. Just a few thoughts:1. OK, I will never come back. Done!2. If you are really that thin-skinned about a 3 star review where I do say the donuts are decent, but the Thai iced tea was too sweet, maybe you shouldn't be in the business of serving the masses. Hmm? Perhaps the time you have spent sending nasty messages to people that have a differing opinion could be used in adjusting your recipes, improving your marketing techniques, training your staff to be excellent at customer service, or maybe doing some relaxing breathing exercises to soothe your troubled soul instead?3. Check out the owner's reviews. http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=4F3oa1_gQec7itBLW_9oVg It's very classy to give one stars to your competitors! And, may I assume that this person owns Boston Donuts, given the first (And only) to review, and the 5 star rating?And last but not least,Yes, I am the Yelpy evil donut fairy, traipsing around with my magic wand of misfortune cursing those poor, unfortunate donut shop owners with my 3 star reviews! Muhahaha!But really folks, if you don't want to get harassed, go to Bosa or Welcome Chicken + Donuts instead. You will thank me, the evil donut fairy!
1	These donuts were awfully unpleasant. I had high expectations coming into this business and was utterly disappointed the moment a Golden Donut had entered my mouth. I would not recommend this establishment to anyone. It was horrible.
5	I Wanna Give a Shout Out to all the other Smoothie Shops for being closed today. The boys and I craving a smoothie, stumbled across this AMAZING donut,smoothie,shake and ice cream shop. Thai Family Owned and the window says it all THE BEST DONUTS IN CHANDLER!!!! For real. Holy Crap are they good. Worth the drive from anywhere in Phx!
4	These are serious donuts.Hot, fresh, fluffy, delicious...and cheap. I'd recommend any doughnut lover to hit up Golden Donuts. Get a dozen and try a bunch of different stuff.
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. This is NOT how business should ever be done. I thought the point of Yelp was to give honest feedback so that a business can use it in order to improve, but I guess I was incorrect in this case. My other reviews of other establishments are very positive. As others have stated, I was also harassed by the owner of this establishment for my negative review. They sent me a threatening private message through Yelp but I never replied to it and I went about my business. I saw the message in my inbox again and it bothered me all over again so I figured I would pass it along. I was sent this message on 1/23/14. I will copy and paste it below. It reads:For your review of: Golden Donuts & SmoothiesJonathan,i think we're need to sit down about donut in my shop why so bad like that?  Is it real? Come now talk to me. Don't just wrote bad review and scare to come back and show me. If you are a man come back and show me which one is s week old donuts.
