1	Stopped in for a quick breakfast Friday morning while my wife and I were running errands. It was a lot more crowded than I thought it would be. No problem, we were in no hurry. We were told about a 15 min wait. It took 30.Once we were seated, we were greeted by our waitress quickly. She was very nice, and definitely knew what she was doing. The positive for this visit stops there.We both had quick 2 egg, with bacon, hash browns, and toast. Also a carafe of OJ. The OJ was great! Both our eggs came out way undercooked. The bacon was way, way, overcooked. "Hashbrowns" were raw. Our toast had some sort of nasty spray oil/butter on it that just ruined plain white toast. (didn't know you could do that)Then while waiting to pay with our credit card on the table, we sat for almost 20 minutes before our waitress returned for the check. Again it was busy, she was double sat, no big deal. Except that the "manager" walked by our table 3 times and couldn't be bothered to pick up our check and run it. He instead was sitting with what looked like some old buddies BS'ing while everyone else ran around like chickens with their heads cut off.No thanks, I won't be back.
2	Horrible parking. If you need to have breakfast? Plan to wait for a long time.
4	I have been going to this particular IHOP location for years now, and one thing I have learned, is to get there early on the weekends if you want to avoid a wait.  So that is exactly what my gf and I did today, Sunday 12/11/11.  We arrived around 9:30am, we able to find parking without difficulty, and did not have to wait at all for a table!After going through the standard preliminaries, being seated, placing drink orders, ordering our meals, etc, my gf and I were relieved when our food finally arrived due to our mutual hunger.  I ordered  the 3 egg breakfast, which included, four pieces of bacon, and three pancakes (I ordered the blueberry pancakes).  In addition, I ordered a side of hash browns, just to be certain that my hunger pain would be satisfied.FOOD:  My gf and I ordered our eggs scrambled with cheese and they arrived to our mutual liking -hot and with plenty of cheese (see pics).  I thought my bacon was a bit under-cooked however.  2 of the pieces were cooked perfectly and two were definitely semi-raw.  I left one of my slices because I did not feel safe eating it.  The hash browns were standard.  They were good, but def not great, and in need of some salt and pepper.  The best part of our breakfast was the pancakes.  I ordered the blueberry pancakes, which were  "REAL and SPECTACULAR!" (see pics)  They were full of soft, juicy blueberries and the warm maple syrup set everything right off!SERVICE:Our service was great.  Our server was polite, efficient and to the point.  She refiled our waters twice and all of our food arrived exactly as we had ordered it. We were able to get in and out within 40-50min.  I will say that when we left around 10:30, there was that line of people waiting in the door and standing outside in the cold waiting to be seated!If you are thinking of going to this IHOP location, I recommend getting the bacon cooked well, as well as arriving early and to try one of their flavored pancakes.  I mean this place isn't called the International House of Pancakes for NOTHING!
3	A good solid breakfast. Service is always on the spot and food is pretty good but not spectacular. They have Cholula hot sauce, which is a necessity with this type of food.This place jams on Sundays; it seems that if you are not here by 8:30 you are waiting outside with the crowds. I would eat here more; but can't eat gluten and everything here comes with pancakes. Yes, I know it the IHOP, but is it too much to ask for more than one option with out the flapjacks? They even add batter to the omelets. Pity too; there are more options for me at Denny's,  but the food here is better.
2	Waited 19 minutes for takeout order of bacon, pancakes, eggs and cup of juice. The juice was not added to my ticket. Was told to pay for juice if I wanted it and was forced to wait an additional 9 minutes for it. Not the best customer service. No sense of urgency or empathy for the inconvenience.
4	Ok, I'm going to give this 4 stars only because the service is usually pretty good here, a notch or 2 above Denny's at Concord Mills and actually better than the IHOP in Matthews, so kudos to the managers at this location as well as the staff. This is what it is, a breakfast place, not the Taj Mahal. I try to base my reviews on what a store or restaurant actually is , and not compare an IHOP to the Brown Derby. The food is consist ant and is my mothers fave place to meet my wife and I for breakfast. I only wish they offered omelet without the added pancake batter, it does make for a fluffy omelets, but my wife has gluten issues, and this severely limits her menu choices.  Try to arrive no later than about 8:30 unless you like waiting on a table.Also the last few visits the Wi-Fi was down for some reason
2	Beware the syrup! Stopped in here because I had a hankering for some french toast early one sunday morning. The service was fast, sometimes too fast. (My waitress asked me if I was ready to order about 15 seconds after I was seated and brought the bill with my feel which made me feel rushed.) For some bizarre reason they have implemented a system where the chef calls out over the loudspeaker to let the waitresses know when the food is ready which does not make for a pleasant environment to enjoy breakfast. At all. So finally my french toast arrives and I prepare to dig in. I read the top of the syrup closest to me which says "old fashioned" oh yea that's how I like it. I notice that this syrup has a purple tint to it. Definitely not old fashioned. I called the waitress over to let her know that I don't eat that kind of syrup and now my french toast is ruined bug assured her I at least tried to do the right thing by reading the top where it said old fashioned. She said "oh they all usually say the same thing." um...what is the point of that? She brought me out some new french toast likety split and I tested out the syrup before I went in for the big pour this time. Overall food was good, this guy yelling in my ear the duration of my breakfast was not.
1	I've been to this IHOP many many times with pretty good service. The most recent visit (tonight) literally left a bad taste in my mouth.It started with a less than attentive waitress, progressed to a dirty teaspoon, and ended with batter-filled undercooked pancakes (that arrived about 10 minutes after the other part of my meal).I asked for a manager. The woman who came over asked the problem, I told her and asked her to comp the pancakes. (They were part of the double blueberry pancake combo.)She apologized several times then left the table.When our waitress brought the bill, she said the manager had taken $5 off the bill. We were comped our drinks (one cup of hot tea and the all-you-can-drink soda). I wasn't aware those two drinks were $5, but okay...Kudos to the seasoned waitress, Iris, who tried her best to rectify our situation.Actually I happen to be a French toast fan but c'mon IHOP! If you can't do pancakes, well, what CAN ya do?
3	Service was decent for an IHOP. Meal was delivered quickly and was pretty tasty. What more can you ask for from an IHOP?
3	It's IHOP, breakfast food fast and cheap...open 24 hours a day how can youo wrong?!?I chose the Colorado omelet which really is a meat lovers dream! It's loaded with ham, bacon, sausage and pot roast! It comes with salsa on the side which adds a very nice flavor! My food came out hot, and prepared just the way I ordered, these omelets are pretty big so be prepared to take half of it home! The pancakes were fluffy and hot...I always ask for the hot syrup to go with them! Just a note....Parking is horrible...the lot is always full! Other than that it was a good meal at a good price, so you will see me again IHOP!!!
3	IHOP is the place for my unusual loaded baked potato soup fix of the day. It is my favorite item on their menu. But that aside it's not a particularly unique experience to go here. Yeah it's the International House of Pancakes but I have to say it's a name we spent lots more time pondering over hot Lipton's tea while waiting for our food to come out. Like, why is it international? Because the food isn't exactly international fare and I'm not aware of them being popular in foreign countries. In fact the most international thing about this IHOP is the multicultural staff and the university area patrons.Yeah, they have some standard menu items I like but I can get a steak omelet at at least 100 other unique joints just in this city. Breakfast food is breakfast pretty much anywhere you go. It's impossible to screw up eggs. And they don't. Just like delicious pancakes with different toppings. The one thing you can rely on is boring consistency with a chain like IHOP so boring that you almost want them to burn your bacon to a crisp so that you have to complain to get some excitement with your meal. When I'm depressed and want to indulge in the comforts of a warm bowl of pureed potato soup I know I can always find IHOP there for me.
2	It was a long wait for breakfast and club sandwich....but when the food did come out the hashbrowns looked like they had not been on the grill at all?  They fixed it slowly upon request.
1	If i could give them a half star i would.I will never return here..it was awful.server was rude. Manager was avoding me the only person that acted like they wanted to work was the bust boy.I spilled my juice it took someone 30mins to wipe up and that's only because the bust boy saw it walkn by I translated in spanishb to get manager and he did nothing about the waitress .didn't comp me a drink or anything.I ased for syrup and hot sauce by time I got it I was ready to go
1	Went there for lunch today.  Awful, awful service, we were seated and watched for 45 minutes while everyone that was seated after us got their food.  Our waiter was missing the entire 45 minutes, at one point asking another wait staff to get our waiter since we did not have any coffee, he never came out, just sent a message saying that someone else took our order.  We even had to track him down to get our bill.  Will not return to this place.
1	I will never return to the place. Service was very slow. My sons food was under cooked, coffee sucked and on top the that the place smelled like BO/toilet.
3	Fast friendly service. Food is ok. But the pancakes are to die for. My kids love them. Sunday is very busy. Got to get in early!
1	Very slow. Ordered a mushroom cheese omelet and it had no mushrooms! Waitress says, "we're out of mushrooms." What? Don't tell me, just deliver it WITHOUT A MAJOR INGREDIENT. Coworker had chocolate chip pancakes; same thing; delivered even though out of chocolate sauce. How about checking with us first? Idiots.
3	We were greeted and seated as soon as we walked in. We must have beat the Saturday morning rush. My son had a ham and cheese omelet with 3 pancakes he said it was good. I had a T-bone steak, scrambled eggs and cheese, 3 pancakes, milk, and grapefruit juice. My steak was really good and cooked just how I asked for it. Everything was good. Our waitress was very attentive, courteous, professional, and great.
3	It is an IHOP. the food is fast, hot and great for a hangover. The day I went they were packed but everything was still good.
3	Nice staff but I feel like I'm being squeezed  into a little box very small restaurant for the amount of traffic
1	Very short staffed which creates bad service. Very long waits after you order, especially waiting for order to be taken. Food is below average despite low prices. Our server did the best she could despite being a very busy day. Management is not very involved except to check out every woman that walked in.
1	Server was not very friendly, seemed like a lot of staff was hanging around but not doing much. No one was even @ the register.  Will not be going to this location again. Huntersville has much friendlier staff.
4	Our servicer Marika (sp) was fantastic. Wonderful service, great food.  We were all very hungry after an exciting day. Every plate was clean when we were ready to leave. We'll come back here for Breakfast.
