5	After a terrible experience with another spray tanning company here in the valley not booking my appointment properly, I was freaking out because I was on a plane to Hawaii the following day and was in serious need of a tan.I found Mandy online and I definitely lucked out! I called her and she got back to me within 5 minutes and made me an appointment for just a few hours later! I went into her business and was quickly greeted! She was so nice and polite I loved it! Especially after the stress of preparing for a trip, and the terrible customer service I received from the other company (Designer Shades). Mandy made me feel completely comfortable, especially considering it was my first spray tan and I was standing in front of her almost completely naked! LOL - She made sure I liked the color before I left and even made my arms a little darker when I told her Id like that! :) She has some amazing specials going on right now which I loved! The custom spray tan was less than half of what her competitors are charging with the same, if not BETTER product! I would absolutely recommend Maximum Airbrush Tan to anyone looking for a great experience and even better tan! Thank you, Mandy!!
5	Always 5 stars. Great color, even application, excellent customer service, product doesn't dry out your skin and she is always available for appointments! Highly, highly recommend!
5	BEST SPRAY TAN EVER!!!   Mandy is a guru.  She takes pride in every step of the process.  Very natural tan.  She aims to please.  She has great people skills too!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
5	This is the best place to tan in town. I have gone to over 20 spray tanning facilities and nothing compares to the attention and work that Mandy produces. Mandy knows her business very well and spends the time explaining to me how I can best achieve the results I want...and she uses the highest quality in products! I have a very crazy work schedule and Mandy always accommodates to that (and with patience :) I will never ever tan anywhere else. I always come out with a beautiful natural looking tan, at a great price. Best tans ever!
4	Mandy was incredibly kind, helpful, accommodating and suggestive throughout the entire process - from the booking to the actual tan and through the follow up. She truly loves what she does and it shows in her performance and the way she works with her clients. She makes you feel comfortable and ensures that you are getting the tan that works best for YOUR needs. I would recommend her for anyone looking for a natural looking airbrush tan!
5	Just moved to the Phoenix area from California & got my first Arizona spray tan by Mandy! Hands down best spray tan! I've been getting custom spray tanned for years & Mandy's solution & technique is perfection! Extremely natural color with zero streaking and/or splotchyness. Her pricing is very very affordable as well. Highly recommended! :)
5	I purchased a package of three on groupon about a year ago. It was my first time having an airbrush tan (had many spray tans), so I was a little nervous. She was so sweet, made me feel at easy and the tan was great. It was an even, natural spray (and I didn't have any of that funky dark areas around my hands and feet that I hate). I would definitely recommend her!
5	Mandy is wonderful! Had my first (of many to come) today. Her care during application is excellent. The product is fabulous.
5	I was trying to find a custom airbrush tan in scottsdale area before I went on my honeymoon I found Mandy and she did a  fantastic job, the tan was amazing exactly like she said, it went on nicely and lasted. It wasn't orange and didn't go streaky. I would recommend Mandy and her tans they are great. Will certainly be going back thanks!
