1	Ghetto. This is the best way to describe rent a center and their thug like staff. I was in a pinch and decided to purchase a refrigerator, dryer & washer, knowing that the interest rate alone is ridiculous I still proceeded with my purchase. Like I mentioned earlier I was in a pinch. Just bought a house and money was right. I'm the type of person who not only pays bills on time but when possible I pay them early as well. I notified RAC that I was going to be 5 days late on my payment and when I paid them I would pay 2 weeks at the minimum. Thought everything was squared away until the show up at my home this morning harassing my husband for money! They refused to leave until he gave them whatever bit of cash he happened to have on him. He gave them his money and called me. ( They're lucky I wasn't home is all I'm going to say ) I called them immediately and spoke to their manager 'Raul', who by the way has the speaking capacity of a 6 year old.  I let him know what happened and refused to rectify the situation. Claiming that RAC employees don't "shake down" clients.  LIES! I am now going to be giving the property back to these thugs and do what I should've done and go to RC Wiley for my appliances. I suggest you do the same. If your in a pinch they accept payments. I wish I would've known this 9 months ago! Avoid this and all RAC's if at all possible!
5	I am very grateful to this store as well as their staff. I have purchased from RAC in the past, in PA, and they proved to help: My moving company screwed me and this RAC saved the day! Since I had just moved here n hadn't received my first pay check yet, this store called the store in PA that I had dealt with and set me up with my furniture based upon the PA stores recommendation. The furniture was delivered and set up the next day. My daughters bedroom set that we ordered was broken and so they delivered a "loaner" to get us through them finding her set without any issues. All of their furniture is quality as well as their appliances. I cannot say enough about this store as well as this company. Where else would have sold me furniture without pay stubs and a credit check? Their interest rates are insane- however, when your credit is low (such as mine), you are going to pay more regardless of where you go or what you're purchasing (assuming that you'll even get financed).
1	You would think I owed this place $800 or something! I've never been late for a payment but yet everytime my payment date is coming up they call me and my father who lives in Connecticut by the way! Then the day the payment is due they are calling me and him again! It's stupid!! Not only that but they don't communicate with each other I had auto payment set up so I was wondering why they were calling me about a payment that I wasn't late for.. The lady said I didn't have auto payment set up so I told her this was an inconvenience and I would pay before the end of the day... 20 mins later I get a email from RAC saying my auto pay has been removed and a second email saying my payment was denied!!!! So after I sorted all that out and made my payment I thought I wouldn't be hearing from them again until my next payment but NOPE!! They call again a week later saying I owe! I put down on my paperwork that I was paying every two weeks on payday! Supposedly the person that helped me make my last payment only charged me for one week and now they expect me to come outta pocket and pay the rest! Uh no! So anyways just buy your own washer and dryer if you don't feel like being harassed all day and dealing with a bunch of dummies... Washer and dryer works great though
