5	So excited that Verizon opened a corporate store so close to where I work! The store is very open and laid out nicely ensuring you aren't elbow to elbow fighting your way to the merchandise like in other stores.I interacted with a few different employees and was impresses with all of them. Vernon C. Does deserve a special mentioned as he assisted me with a company cell phone and my companies horrible policies on transferring data to a new phone. For the management staff: Vernon deserves a raise/promotion we put him through torture and he kept his composure and professionalism the entire time.I will definitely be back the next time one of my employees damages their phone!
5	Vernon....enough said. This young man took care of an emergency situation for my wife and I. Everyone was nice but Vernon was beyond nice. Just ask for Vernon.
5	I have been to this store twice for two different service requests.  All I can say is 10+.  Vernon is the greatest Verizon employee I have ever dealt with.  He assisted the first rep helping me on the first visit.  On my second visit, I asked to have him help me directly.  He is awesome.  He really knows what he is doing.  He is worth the wait.  He takes his time with his customers and makes sure that they don't have any unanswered questions.  I know that when he gets to me, that he will do everything in his power to make my experience a great one.  This store is known as a "smart" store.  They have a huge selection of products.  It's bright, cheery and well organized.  It is evident that the management staff of this location have everything under control.  You can feel the positive energy when you walk in.  That's more than I can say for other Verizon locations.  I'm so happy that this location is here to help.  Bravo for them and for Vernon as well.
1	I wish I had read these reviews and talked to Vernon instead of Nathan. Nathan promised to help me move my ITunes to my new Galaxy. The ITunes were only on the phone I traded in, so when he sent me home to transfer the data myself over some program he sent me (that stupid program downloaded a bunch of crap on to my desktop,) it was all lost. That wasn't entirely his fault.  I can suck that up and spend a week downloading all my cd's again, but Nathan refuses to return phone calls and emails. To add insult to injury, when I went back to retrieve the $80.00 case that I left on my trade-in phone, it was gone. Thanks, Nathan.
4	Well, it looks like Nathan is gone and the staff now is awesome! Sean was more than helpful, patient, personable, and professional. He handled all my issues with kindness and courtesy. Sean took the time to make sure my files were transferred properly and made sure I was happy. I think I like this place!
