5	I rent from National in Charlotte about once a month, and I'm consistently happy.  With Emerald Club, no lines at all, and there is always a good selection of cars (including hybrids).  Fast, friendly and efficient.
1	Showed up in NC for a business meeting.  The National shuttle driver was very nice and helpful.  As soon as we got off the shuttle things turned unorganized.  People wondering around the lot to pick out their cars.....and many employees standing around smiling ....okay fine.  We picked out our car, which I admit is a nice feature of national.  We drove to the exit where there are 3 lanes....all three open....NONE of them moving.  Two lanes sat idle for 5 minutes......idle as in standing still.  Employees still standing around the lot smiling got to be a bit annoying when it was not clear what was going on.When we finally arrived at the booth to get checked out the lady seemed a bit delirious and confused.  She would ask us questions that were what we should be asking her.I rent a car roughly once-per-month and have never run into a facility as poorly run as this....
3	Was treated kindly and quickly. Saw some others mischarged, and yet others bogusly arguing charges that seemed legit. The place didn't seem to have a protocol for what to do when customers go ape-$h!+ over fuel charges. It's just annoying overall to witness as a customer who is already mildly stressed about flights, etc.
1	DO NOT BOOK A RENTAL CAR THROUGH NATIONAL. Our shuttle driver Terry was fantastic & friendly, then we arrived at the lot!Our reservation was made through the employer. I would never have chosed National Car Rental. THE worst I have ever experienced. I normally book with Enterprise, Hertz, and Avis. Or just reserve a town car. The counter personnel assured my husband it was no problem to change the reservation. Then handed him the contract stating our daily rate was $68! For three days in a compact car, going 5 miles? Why on earth would anyone pay that kind of money? Let's try this again...back at the counter--Could not get a straight answer from Rehab (really, her name was Rehab??) Asked to cancel the original reservation (since the staff wouldn't dare suggest this) and start over with a new reservation with the lowest rate possible. Rehab was impossible to work with, didn't make eye contact, and refused to ask the questions she should to get us out of there fast. She actually stood there staring at the computer screen until I asked her a question or made a statement. If you don't like your job, quit. Maybe there's a data entry job you can do somewhere that doesn't require dealing with customers. That would be well-suited to you.With the DNC in town, the lot was almost empty so even with the compact price, we had to choose a larger car. Score, but the hour we took to get there was not worth it. NEVER AGAIN, NATIONAL.
4	I live here in Charlotte, so it's unusual that I would rent a car from the airport. But for a Charleston trip where the airfare was off the charts ($850 for a 40 minute flight??), I opted to put the miles on someone else's car instead of my own.After I parked my car and took one of the parking shuttles back to the terminal, I waited a brief time for a National shuttle to come by (Hertz was by twice in the meanwhile) before I boarded the bus for the brief ride to the rental area. As I am Executive Emerald with National, mine was the first stop in the Emerald aisle where I got to choose any car that I wanted. Tough choice - almost all of them were Chevy "Impalibu" but down at the end was a Chrysler 300 with working satellite radio (hooray!).Returning the car at the end of the week was a cinch. Withing a moment of parking on the line, an attendant did a quick inspection of the car and printed my receipt. It was still a 5 minute wait for the shuttle bus back to the terminal (where I had to wait for ANOTHER shuttle bus back to the parking lot).WARNING WARNING WARNING!!! While it didn't happen to me at this location, I strongly recommend that you A) carefully inspect your car and get a sign off on ANY damage or you will be expected to pay for it when you return it, and B) take digital pictures of every angle of your car when you return it to document that there was no damage.
3	No complaints here. The workers at the desk are informative, shuttle drivers are helpful (outside of Door C), choosing a car is fast/convenient and the drop-off process is easy. I've only had a rental car through work so it's nice not having to fit the bill, but I guess I'd look for a cheaper option if I were paying out of my own pocket.
4	Great car - ChallengerCar rental return - easy to get to with two gas stations right before the car return. Shuttle bus was right there and the driver was friendly and social - explaining the issue with drop off in the arrival area!Car was clean, full of gas, had no cigarette smell and had the power I enjoy! When I picked my car there was a nice selection and when I dropped off my car - they knew to just e-mail the receipt and off I went. National at THIS airport has it all figured out!
3	Ordinarily I have good service from National and even great in some locations, especially given that I'm executive aisle and can also choose from emerald aisle cars.  However, not only did they not have any cars for executive and emerald aisle, they had several people waiting in line for cars.  So, I had to go to the counter and then get directed to the regular cars, which I had a few to choose from but nothing too special.
1	After 8 hours of travel arrive in CLT go to nationalAlamo to pick up rental car. Nice man at desk rents us our car. Take shuttle to lot where there are 25 ppl in line waiting for their cars. Driver casually says " oh there's a wait for your car". I've never seen this before. Ppl have been waiting 30 minutes. They say they're cleaning the cars as fast as they can. However it's unclear if there are enough cars for all in line.... No more national/Alamo For me
4	***The rates at this National Car Rental were good and their selection in the Emerald Aisle was decent; there were some old and not so great vehicles, but there were great options too like a gas friendly and roomy Toyota Prius; picking up and returning a car at this shuttle was easy and this rental car agency is a very quick shuttle ride to the terminal***I believe parking is available if you just need to pick up something at this car rental agency; while I would not suggest parking at the Cell Phone Lot as an alternative if no parking is available, that parking lot is right next to Charlotte International Airport's car rental agencies.
5	I appreciate very much the service i got from the National representative in  Charlotte. I was connecting there for a flight to NYC when I got a message about a family emergency. Rather than wait several hours and spend several hundred dollars on a return flight home, I rented a car from National and drove. I had no reservation; they were out of one way rentals. But because of my Emerald club status a family emergency, he accomodated my needs very quickly and professionally. Thanks very much!
4	I rent from this location probably once a month.  Cars are readily available, staff is always nice.  The one time I did show up and there were no cars available that second, it took like 2 minutes for the next one to arrive, and they gave me an upgrade for 'waiting'.  Lots of construction at CLT right now, the bus driver gave us tips and the person at the gate gave super-easy directions to I85 since my normal route was diverted.
5	If you are an Emerald Club Member National is the best--bypass counter and just get into a car and go.  Wouldn't rent from anyone else.
5	National - Charlotte airport. missed conection and no other flights with open seats. Short notice was able to get a nice car at a reasonable price and drive to my destination. I allways rent from National and will continue. If I would hve rented from Hertz I would have got a big piece of junk!  Thanks National !
5	Great cars, nice people, shuttle service can be a bit slow - Overall, National is really the best car rental choice at any major US airport, and CLT is no exception.
4	Good Service and good cars. Some times the lines at the Shuttle pickup area could get very long and National Shuttles are less frequent than other companies even though they have more customers than others.
5	10+ years with National. Always a smooth, friendly, helpful and fast process.
5	Become an Emerald Member, it's worth it. No wait and a great selection of vehicles. Reserve an intermediate or mid-size car and get a small SUV! No hassle, no wait, you walk right up to a car and drive away.
5	Quick & Easy check out/in process with the Emerald Club.  Courteous shuttle driver.  Will definitely rent again, when in the area.
5	Always good service service and plenty of car choices . This location has a emerald isle and which makes traveling easy
4	There were plenty of choices in the Emerald Isle when I arrived, after midnight.  The staff was polite and helpful.  My only complaint is National is doing what others do, putting both key fobs on one ring.  I know this is so both sets of keys go with the car, on one-way rentals, but for the rest of us customers it's a great inconvenience.
4	The staff at the National Car Rental Charlotte International Airport location are friendly and helpful, particularly the shuttle drivers.  I always try to ensure I have adequate cash on hand to provide them with a tip as they consistently load/unload my suitcase on the shuttle bus.  The pick up and drop off are efficient, I'm often dropping off in the early hours of the a.m. and the ease of the return makes the morning start off smoothly.  I would agree that the vehicles always seem to have dirty windshields, particularly on the inside.  That's not always something you see immediately when selecting a vehicle.  Please take more time to ensure the windshields are clean, inside and out and I'll be able to provide a higher rating.
4	I like this location. There are plenty of SUVS available (including Tahoes!!), which, to me, makes a large difference. Service is always fast, and the employees are friendly.
5	This was my 1st time using national & I was very impressed.   I had signed up for their "emerald club" & when I arrived I had a great selection of vehicles to choose from.  It was quick & easy and I will definitely use National for all my future car rentals.
4	I always rent from this location due to proximity of work and our contract. I have rented from other locations in the near area, but always come back to National. I like their rates, rewards and the fact that I always have a full tank of gas when I pick up the car. The staff is very friendly and professional and the choice of cars regarding quality are tops. Always clean. The only downside is the location at the airport and having to pay for parking, take the shuttle. I  sometimes cheat and walk from the parking garage, although it is not safe.
5	Extremely quick and easy to deal with. It pays to use them because you can pick your own vehicle style at no extra charge. Much better than Hertz!
2	At the CLT location counter we were offered an upgrade (we had reserved a premium car, which was going to be a Ford Taurus, not sure that this is considered "premium")however, we took the upgrade for a week rental to an Infiniti SUV (there were 4 of us).  My rental costs were almost $1000 for the week and the car was the biggest disappointment piece of junk for the price.  The interior was dirty, there were knobs broken off for accessories (such as heated seats that didn't work) and the vehicle itself had no power and was awful (not National's fault, it's the Manufacturer).  I always rent from this location and spend quite a bit however this time I was very disappointed and may rethink where we get our rentals.
1	Nice selection of cars, pretty good pick-up/ drop-off and some great staff but BEWARE of one of the ladies on front desk which can take away all the good in a sec. She will try to squeeze as much money to give you a car of your choice. If you are using corporate rate, she will try her hardest not to honor any of the decent upgrade options or even make it impossible by dis-allowing certain cars from the category you are trying to upgrade! With what authority I don't know!!!Again it is only one & I won't hesitate to steer clear next time after the 3rd consecutive experience. And sorry won't take the name so can't help much there but here is some advice: Do not hesitate to call the manager if you encounter similar experience.  She might even lie that the manager just left for the day but obviously somebody is in charge every time and mostly more responsible so highly likely you will be heard. No other reason this facility will deserve anything less than 4 stars.
5	After using Hertz for 10+ years in Charlotte, I noticed the service and cars decline tremendously.  The last time I rented there, had a flight tire 10 minutes after leaving the lot and they claimed I hit a curb, which was impossible on the curb less highway I was on. After talking with the manager to work things out and getting nowhere, I gave them up for good.  I'd used National in Charlotte a couple times before and they were excellent.  The service is always over the top, cars are in tip top shape.  Love that I'm able to choose my own car.  The shuttle drivers jump to grab my bags before I even get a chance.  They could not be nicer.  Even during the crazy Thanksgiving crowds, National pulled through. I'll be back!
5	Great selection, great service. Reccommended...
5	The staff was very nice and helpful because I signed up for the Emerald program which made the return of the car so easy.  The rental location is very close to the airport through shuttle.  Recommended.
5	I've always had a great experience at this National Car Rental location (and I use them about once a month). Staff is friendly, car selection in the Emerald Aisle is decent. I would recommend this location (as well as National, as a company) to anyone.
5	As a frequent business traveler, I feel that National Car offers the best value compared to the other rental agencies. I love the ability to pick your own car at the emerald isle. Another recent added benefit was the drive alliance, where I can rent from Enterprise or Alamo and still get credit at National. I just wished that the car choices had other makes such as Subaru other than Chevy's.
5	We love being part of the Emerald club. Debbie was great. Our goto car rental location.
