5	Walking down the opulence of consumerism mecca in Vegas and thinking that in all of this there has to be at least ONE dress that I like. I hate shopping.  I hate the layer of fat that lies around my belly. I went to all the stores practically....Marciano's boutique had an amazingly atrocious dress that made me feel like a hooker.  Where's my corner....I'm ready for you Richard Gere!!!In my last wave of desperation I saw Betsey Johnson across the way.   The heavens opened and light shone down on the garishly bright pink store.  I immediately walked in and found two dresses to try on.  The store chick found three more...The first dress was perfect....red 50's style halter fitted dress that hugged my curves and hid the pudge.  I couldn't stop looking at myself in the mirror!! Damn I look good!  I love me!!!  In this dress I can stop traffic.  Shit...I wouldn't kick me out of bed.
5	I love this store!The staff is always ready to help you with dress selections!The dresses are unique and fit to your figure wonderfully!It is a bit pricey, but well worth the money if you are looking for that "it" dress!
5	We caught a cab two hours before our flight ws to leave just so we can check out what the other betsey store had.....they have a bigger selection the the dessert passage which i now called planet hollywood......go here first if you can.......they had the size 8 that i neededxoxoxo betsey!!!!!!
5	besides the great selection of both clothing and accessories, the staff here is rad.
5	Just as awesome as the locations in California! I love that the staff at Betsey Johnson stores are never stuck up. At all the BJ stores I've been to they've been exceptionally friendly, possibly the best customer service I've ever gotten. They're always quick to compliment you, assist you, and make genuine conversation with you. If I could, I'd buy everything in this damn store. I found the CUTEST ring here on sale. I didn't look at the price cause I didn't care, and it rung up with tax as only 21 bucks! My cousin pointed out that the sale price said 28...whatever I'm not complaining!
4	I LOOOOOOVEEE the purses and accessories, but as for the clothes ehhh not so much. You definitely have to possess a somewhat creative type of style to wear most of her clothing line. It doesn't really interest me, but I'm a big fan of her purses, especially the big ones!! If u go to a department store like Ross, Macys, etc.. u can find some of her purses, bags, accessories, and even clothing at very good discounted prices!
5	Always fun to shop here. Have been going to this location since I was twelve. The SAs are always friendly, funny, outgoing, and sweet! Of course they need to be, but they really do a swell job. They make it so that you don't leave empty handed :) A pit stop for anyone looking for fun and individual pieces.
4	Cute clothes....most of the time. It sucks though cuz every time i find something, they won't have my size, double zero... :(  Service was good, didn't harass me the whole time i was there...
2	Huge sale signs were all over the front "Store Closing" and "20-50% off Entire store!" Wel who loves a sale ? Oh yes, that would be me! I was greeted soon after I arrived, I asked why it was closing down "She is bankrupt"Poor Betsy ! But her loss is my gain ?? Not quite....I didn't find anything worth buying - well I mean nothing on for a good price. 50% off ? Where ? I didn't see it . Nope. I have bought more for less in Vancouver (It is a larger store in Van as well)So I left , empty handed. Sorry Betsy.
5	This was one of my most favorite Betsey stores of all time. They always had the best selection of dresses even in the discount rack. I bought the majority of my Betsey dresses from this store location. It breaks my heart to learn that this store has closed. I had so many fond memories of this place.
