5	I spent $40 on materials here to re-cover and create a seat cushion for a two seater couch here. The fabric is really great quality and so far is holding up great. Our visit was simple, I picked out a few colors (read: wandered for at least 30 minutes), an associate grabbed our fabric and cut it, and done. We didn't need any project help or advice, and the guys who helped us didn't seem like the type to give any anyway. Head to JoAnnes to find the crazy hobby lady to talk to and buy your fabric here: the quality is great and the prices are fair. The clearance section is pretty large for the size of the store, I will return for some project inspirations!
4	This store still has a lot of drapery and upholstery fabrics but is not as stocked as it once was.  The prices are decent and the quality of the fabrics are good.  There are plenty of color choices and the staff are friendly.  A Good home fabrics store.
4	I'm learning to use my sewing machine and wanted some fabric to practice on.....this place is rather overwhelming to a total newbie, as there are reams and reams of fabric in all shades and styles.  Even though I know less than nothing about sewing, I had fun looking at all the pretty textiles; I can see how one can get sucked into the home arts.  Prices are pretty reasonable: regular price fabrics are $7-15/yard while the clearance fabrics are somewhere between $3-6/yard.  (The bolts of fabric here measure 54", if that means anything to those with sewing knowledge.)I spent about $15 (including tax) for fabric to make a tablecloth.  The saleslady wasn't the most personable, but maybe it was an off day....
1	My husband and I just left this store. The two ladies who worked there seemed like they would have rather been doing anything other than helping us. It seemed like we we were annoying them. Incredibly unhelpful and short with us. Why even be in business if your customer service is that horrible. On to the next fabric store!
5	OH MY GOSH....I think I've found my new addiction in life.  This place is a SEA of fabric.  I've never seen so many spools; Row after sweet row!  And, it's all sorted by color, so it's very easy to compare fabrics to each other to see how they will work together.  Let me be clear...I don't sew.  I am, however, in the process of getting a couple items in my home reupholstered.  This place came highly recommended by the guy that's going to reupholster my furniture for me.  And, what a great recommendation it was.  Amy was extremely helpful.  I got enough fabric and trim for a 7ft x 3ft couch, 4 large pillows, and a small round pillow that I picked up there for under $300.00  WOWZA!!  I was impressed with that.  Needless to say, I'm already planning out my next trip after my couch is complete.  Did I mention I was excited about this place?  LOVE IT!!!
1	Please be warned! Do not patronize Home Fabrics online!!! They are not trustworthy.I placed a large order online, received a confirmation the same day, and then the following day received a second confirmation that my order was being processed, would ship in 3-5 days and be received in 7-12 days. After receiving the confirmation, I ordered multiple custom items to coordinate with the purchased fabric. Imagine my surprise when I received a call a full 7 days later stating that they didn't have the fabric I ordered, hadn't had it for a long time, and weren't going to get any more of it. The customer service person I spoke to first accused me of yelling (I wasn't, she was), then of being disrespectful (well, ya, you got me there) and hung up on me. I called back and spoke to her again. When she asked me if I would like a refund, I started laughing and said, "Ya think?" Well, she then yelled at me some more about disrespecting her and hung up a second time. I mean, really, they weren't sure if they could keep my money or if I wanted it back since I got a big fat nothing-burger from them? We'll see if I ever get my money back.I've shopped Home Fabrics stores for years, but this was my first experience ordering online. I will never again order online from them, and I urge everyone reading this to beware. They are liars and scammers, plain and simple.
