3	Edinburgh's profile as a city has increased dramatically over the past couple of decades. Twenty years ago it would be the last place on Earth you'd expect to find designer shops, trendy bars and boutique hotels, and while it may lose some of it's charm in the transformation, there's no denying that the city has very much moved with the times. Pick up a copy of the Evening News however, and you really wouldn't know it. Surely the last bastion of Edinburgh's old fashioned curtain-twitching mentality, it really is a small-town read at it's worst. Actual news, such as the recent discovery of dismembered human remains in someone's fridge, is shunted in favour of "cat stuck up tree" stories and pictures of local businessmen holding up oversized charity cheques. Worst of all however, is the opinion column, which day in day out, regardless of subject, descends into the usual favourite hobby of the city's more militant types, venting ill-informed hatred at Glasgow and it's residents. Showcasing a peculiar mix of anger, snobbery, and oddly enough jealousy, it's an attitude that tellingly isn't replicated in the West where in general they show little interest in the capital city. In fairness the sports coverage isn't too bad, and gives better coverage of the Edinburgh teams than most of the Old Firm dominated Scottish national media. That's about as good as it gets, but the comedy right-wing opinions of suburban Neighbourhood Watch members on the letters pages is also not bad for a laugh.
3	As with every major city, Edinburgh to, has its own local city newspaper. The Edinburgh Evening News isn't a paper I always buy but when I do the quality throughout the paper is always mixed! The best part of the paper has consistently always been the sport pages. If you want the gossip of the city's two main football clubs, Hearts and Hibs, then the Edinburgh Evening News is a must. No other paper can match the reporting of these two clubs! On top of the sport pages, this paper also provides surprisingly good coverage of the on goings at the Scottish Parliament for a local paper. However, with the rest of the paper a flick through is all that is required. The local news is presented in a more professional manner than other local papers but at times can be quite mundane. However, its local coverage of the tram debacle has been first class! Better than most local papers, the Edinburgh Evening News is a decent buy every so often to keep on contact with Edinburgh news.
4	I like the evening news as it's my local paper and tells things as they are. the only problem I have with it is it is an edinburgh paper and gets printed in glasgow. Hence why I'm giving it 4/5 instead of 5/5.
