5	Every time I walk through the doors I am greated in a plesant voice. Everyone who works there are so nice.I love the fitness area, I find my body craves workouts and their fitness area is perfect for me. Personal trainers are always around. Not long ago the Accounting office worked with me, I was having a hard time financially, such nice people.Oh and I love the Ceasar Wrap from the Snack Bar. The mid-day menu in the Grill is tasty as well.
4	I've been a member of MVCC since I was 7 years old (over 20 years).  This country club has become a staple in the Moon Valley community.  Unlike other "country clubs" Moon Valley is a reflection of the community that supports it.  There are members from all walks of life that come together to enjoy swimming, tennis, basketball, golf, dining, etc.  Ego is checked at the door as plumbers, accountants, contractors, and doctors all sit at the same table to share in what the club has to offer.  The championship golf course was redesigned in the 90's by golf architect Bob Cup.  At over 7,000 yds it is a true test of golf.  The layout itself can compete with any country club course in the valley.  On any given day there are 3-4 different groups playing at the club with a set game and tee times.  It's one of the few places I have been where new members can assimilate quickly in to a group that fits their social and gambling needs on the golf course.The club has recently restructured it's monthly dues schedule.  Monthly dues for a full golf member are down to $495 a month.  This is $200-$500 below other country clubs around the valley.  For the price and product I could not think of a better club for a young family.
4	My family has had a membership at MVCC for several years now and I'm always thrilled to visit. The club has great service, beautiful facilities and convenient-but-tucked-away location. Absolutely beautiful and challenging* course.Course: Gorgeous, super fun, well keptGym: Great gym, never too busy to use the equipment you'd like. Lots of space and high-quality equipment. Frankly, I'm surprised it's not busier.Pool: Large, fun outdoor pool. Great for swimming laps, hanging out, or grabbing some rays.Food: Great food at the clubhouse. Exactly what I'm looking for after a long round. Big TVs and great view of the course with lots of light (but not too bright).Overall: Strong 4 stars. I'm very happy with MVCC and look forward to my next visit -- even if I score over 100 by the 16th hole!*Footnote: I use basketball scoring when I play golf (aka more=better), so my definition of "challenging" may be different than someone who actually plays golf.
5	My sister just got married at Moon Valley Country Club last weekend.....and I want to say that everything was AMAZING.  The staff was truly wonderful, and so extremely accommodating, and especially calm.  To a bride you cannot ask for more.  The food was truly delicious, the setup was beautiful, the views were spectacular, and the customer service was of the highest caliber.  I highly recommend them for anyone who wants to through a classy, well done, stress free event.
2	Was so looking forward to the golf experience....What we experienced was a course during prime seaon that evidently cut off water to their majestic trees (now dead or dying). Hit off so many dead patches it reminded me of some of the cheapest munis I've ever played. Will not ever play here again! Of the hundred or so courses I've played in the Phoenix area would rate this course experience amongst the worst.
5	I have been coming to Mvcc for nearly 10 years now. I had my wedding here and recently moved into moon valley just around the corner from the club. This place was great when I first came here but with the new owners group on board and membership climbing it is only getting better.   I have never seen Mvcc look better and it makes me proud to be a member. Finding a neighborhood like moon valley is hard enough, but when you add a central hub like Mvcc it really makes it special. With a restaurant, bar, workout facilities, pools, and don't forget the golf how does it get any better. If more neighborhoods in arizona were built this way it would only help the quality of life for all of us.
5	I've been coming to the club for years & love coming. It is a wonderful family place & menu that changes frequently so lots of variety.  I had the fish & chips, it was wonderful. Prices are reasonable & great views of the golf course.
3	Of all the private country clubs in the phoenix area, this was my least favorite.  It is older and not as well maintained as the rest of the country clubs.  Still had a blast, and the customer service at private clubs is always top-notch.
