2	I've been here a few times and I dont feel that guilty b/c of the sinless sweet cream. I ordered the cookie overload last week and it was about 100 tiny little chocolate chips. yuck. I thought htis was supposed to be oreos?? Nxt time I will ask for OREOS in my Oreo overload.. not chocolate chips. She was so busy complaining about having to do homework when she got out that she wasnt paying any attn. to what she was doing really. Her lil brother was talking to her and relaying messages from their mother who was outside in the car and let's just say learned way more about this lil gir's family life that I needed to.CAKES:My previous experience here was with their cakes. I'd never purchased a cake here so I was super pumped. I even had a coupon for $3 off a cake. Well ... those cakes are huge and it was for Valentines day - choclate strawberry cake. Yum. Looked devine right? Wrong. I ended up buying the lil cake which I couldnt use the coupon for. The lil one was only $5.00 cheaper than the huge one which served about 10x more people than the lil one..But I can;t have that much cake in my freezer, or in my possession.It was gross, It was more chocolate frosting than cake, which was about 1/2'' thick. The regular size cake is like 2" cake. just not worth it. It was all frosting and no sustanance. I recommend the BR cakes over this place anyday!note: you're better off going to yogurt rocks in the galleria, if its w/in hours. if not try making it to u-swirl inside GVR!. They have red velvet cake flavored yogurt in their possession. OMG so good!
4	Yumm good variety of toppings great flavors of ice cream but needs more variety of sorbets.
5	Great store, great ife xream. My wife and i go here and its always worth the cost. Its also geat that they let me call in an order then pick it up for those quick stops on lunch break.
1	i ordered a 2 to mango smoothie that has 0grams of fat but she added premade juice and pink lemonade sorbet... kind of ruins my diet plan... it took me 10 minutes to get a smoothie which i dont even think was made correctly!
4	Blueberry Muffin Batter is TO DIE FOR . . . I mixed in blueberries and graham crackers.  Awesome, awesome treat.(I am always a sinless sweet cream girl all the way with a fruit mixer - but the last 2 times I've been was specifically for the Blueberry Muffin Batter - I'm addicted!)
5	I find it disturbing that someone gave this location one star simply because she didnt read the menu. All of the menu items are described in detail on the walls of every cold stone creamery. Ive been coming to this location for two years and I've always had good service and top- rate ice cream. If i had any complaints itd be that there isnt enough seating. But i wouldnt complain about that cuz im not a whiner ;)
5	Best ice cream ever..worth every penny and they are very nice!!
4	Cold Stone's sizes make me want to sing...."I like it, I love it, I want some more of it!". Heck yeah I want some more of it. Ice cream made how I want it? I'm down. The concept here is simple- pick your ice cream, pick your toppings and watch the talented staff slap it down on a slab and mix it up. They'll put it in a cup, stab a spoon in it and call it a day. If you tip them, they'll even sing you a song :) sweet!Cold Stone also has a freezer full of ice creams cakes and treats so if you're in a hurry you can grab something on the fly. A plus: I always receive good, attentive customer service at this location from the staff. Also this is a clean, well-maintained location as well.
5	We love going here for a treat once in a while. The kids love the choices and really love watching them mix it all up on that marble slab.The staff I always friendly and smiling even when the kids make them sing when they put a dollar in the tip jar..lol
5	Amazing! The girl who helped us was delightful and knew exactly what we wanted! Will definitely be back and recommend to others! :)
1	We went in to this location last week.  We left.  The air conditioner filters in the ceiling above the staff were nasty.  Then we looked in the freezer and the coils were just as gross.  A cleaning might be a good idea.
1	My husband and I love ice cream, who doesn't? And Cold Stone is our go-to place. It's conveniently placed right next to Chipotle and Jimmy John's. The ice cream is great, as usual. Lots of goodies within the ice cream.Our biggest problem was the customer service. The last time we went it took SO LONG for them to ask what we wanted. There was only one person in front of us in line. The place was also dirty as can be. There was stuff all over the floor and we couldn't find one clean table to sit at. It was disgusting. We almost decided to go sit in the car in the parking lot and enjoy it! Not the best Cold Stone I've ever been to. It's a shame - we love their ice cream.
4	I have to admit I used to hate on Cold Stone Creamery bc I'm a bit of a germ-a-phobe and I just couldn't understand why someone would allow their ice cream to be poked, prodded, smashed, tossed, and mixed on a sticky iced slab that's wiped down with the same disinfected rag. I'd always get mint ice cream and made sure I told the creamery artist in a paranoid tone, "Just in the cup. Don't mix it!"  It wasn't until I had a strange craving for CHEESECAKE ICE CREAM & PEANUT BUTTER CUPS on a chocolate waffle cone that I allowed a creamery artist to beg me to let them mix it up. As I gave in I watched as my "virgin" ice cream was manhandled, stroked, and eventually raped by that wet metal spatula that sits idly in that soppy water cup. After much cringing and regret she handed me my "love it" size cone with an accomplished smile. I took one taste with my plastic spoon and it was pure delight! Mmmm! Not only was is heaven, but I survived! Maybe a little bit of germs wasn't so bad! Ever since that day I allow them to do as they wish with my ice cream and I never think twice about it!
4	Who doesn't love ice cream!?!?I do enjoy Cold Stone Creamery, there is always way to many choices and everything always sounds so good.  Why does it have to be so overwhelming.... in a good way!I enjoy their special creation "Mud Pie Mojo" which is coffee ice cream with oreo cookies, peanut butter, roasted almonds and fudge. But I am one of those people that do not love oreo's- so I swap out the oreo's for cherry pie filling..... sooooooooo yummy!I also like the flavors as if I am a five year old lil girl- so I love to choose the cotton candy or bubble gum flavor and mix in marshmallows!You will always find something here to make your taste buds happy!
4	I had given up on cold stone years ago because they started serving the ice-cream so soft.  I really liked it when they first came to town because the ice cream was hard.  I talked to a guy I know that used to work there and he told me the reason it is so soft now is that it was to hard to mix it all up when the ice cream was hard.  He was a big guy and he said his forearms killed him during and after work...... Long--short, we went in the other night the young lady was very pleasant and the ice cream was really good.  It was softer than I would have liked but I looked at it in a different light.  I figured I could put up with some tasty, but soft ice cream to save a very nice teenager some sore tired forearms.
2	Tuesday night at 8pm and only one person working? Ugh, this is taking forever... long wait times for expensive ice cream!
1	Usually I really like this place but, on a Monday night with ONLY 1 person making the ice cream and 6 people in line..  Not good customer service Stone Cold..
