2	Was in a jam got there at closing and was given sorry can't help, it is closing time. Just needed a replacement battery so I could use my service. Tried all day to get help at 3 different stores.
2	I waited 15 min to be helped.when I was assisted the rep seemed nice.My upset sits with the store they needed a older connection to transfer contacts from one phone to another.But the one and only transfer connection was broken.this was my experience your might be a bit better.
1	To whom It May Concern:I pre-ordered 2 iPhone 5's for my business and was promissed on the 14th that they would be delivered to me no later than 9-21-2012 by the phone representative that took my order.  I subsequently received an email stating that they would not be delivered until 9-26.  I called and spoke with a representative regarding this who assured me that I would be receiving the phones on Friday the 21st.  Yesterday evening I received an email stating that it would be the 26th or later and that you could not guarantee when I was recieving them. Today I called, spoke to one rep who could not verify anything other than that the phones had not shipped and would not be shipped today.  I asked to speak to his supervisor who's only solution was to cancel the order.  I asked to speak to his supervisior and was told he would take my number and someone would get back to me in 24-48 hours.  I explained that this was not acceptable and to please transfer me to his supervisor.  After 15 minutes of me asking to be transferred, him stating that he was not refusing to transfer but only offering to take my number and have someone contact me back, he said to hold he would transfer me.  So far, I have been on hold for 43 minutes and 15 seconds as of the time that I am writing this.  This is not acceptable.  As a business custormer with Verizon Wireless for many years, I would think that you would have better customer service than this.  This is the quickest way to loose a customer.  So glad that you have more than you need so that you do not have to treat them courteously or honor your promisses.  Had I known you were not going to honor your delivery promise, I would have simply gone through Apple's Business division.
4	As a former Alltel employee, I understand how things work. Stores don't control pricing of plans or phones. So its about customer service. We came in to buy ourselves some new phones. Every staff member we interacted with was kind and professional. They did try to upsell some accessories, which I guess I don't blame them. Overall it was fairly a pleasant experience.
1	This store is always too busy. Be sure to bring your favorite pillow because it will be a  hour before someone can help you.
3	I was getting tired of the marginal battery life in my RazrM which had gotten worse with the latest operating system upgrade.  I don't mind saving some money and getting last years model.  I was looking at two phones that had been reduced to $0 because their replacements were due out soon.When I entered the store after work on Friday my first impression was with that many people I should have brought a sleeping bag.  Turns out half of them were employees.  I was greeted quickly and within 5 minutes I made it to the top of the list and had a trainee and a trainer waiting on me.  Told them what I was looking at and why.  They unlocked one of each so I could hold the phones, both were much larger than my old phone.  We talked about each one's strong points and I ended up with another Motorola so I would have a short learning curve.  They did not try to talk me into spending a bunch of money on the latest and greatest.  They did talk me in to a couple of accessories.I've been with Verizon (Airtouch) for 16 years and overall this was one of the more pleasant and least confusing upgrades I have had.  I still think the $30 upgrade fee sucks.
4	Went in to get a screen protector for my Galaxy S3 - yes, I'm slow to move to the latest and greatest.  It was a Friday evening and the place was packed.  I looked on their display to see only S4 and S5 protectors were available.  Expecting a long wait to be helped, I was about to leave when an employee, Victor, came up to me to ask if I'd been helped.  He said only S4 and above protectors were available, but he would cut it to fit my S3, which he did.  He did a great job and offered to help again next time I needed help cutting and applying a screen protector.  Victor was friendly and very helpful.
5	after having the worst experience over at Digitell in the mall, this place couldn't have been more helpful.  James was able to help me right away, hardly a wait at all. I told him my woes, of not being able to return my defective iPhone 5c at Digitell in the mall (where I bought the phone). James helped me right away, ordered me a new phone  and when the new phone wasn't in stock he was able to upgrade me to a 16gb from a 8gb.  I went from the worst experience to the one of the nicest ever!  James is a top-notch guy, the world needs more people like him. Super respectful, helpful and overall nice person.
1	Buyer be aware, the following are applicable to this Verizon store.1. No heat, cold as a refrigerator.2. Will not honor Verizon online prices.3. Sells defective accessories.4. Charges more the the store posted price.5. Employees are nice, but they are fighting a losing battle, due to district representative lack of business ethics.
1	Not sure who your salesperson was today but we just left the same location and had a horrible experience too.1.  Tried to push us into a different phone because the one we wanted was out of stock.  Turns out it will ship Tuesday, not a big deal to wait for what you really want.2.  Price at store was more and required you to wait for a rebate on top of that.  Price kept going up and salesperson could not explain the detail breakdown.3.  Walked out of there frustrated and was not going to be taken advantage of especially after being a LONG time customer.4.  Went online and was able to order the phone I wanted for a total of $87.43 shipped to my door by Thursday versus paying over $200 for the exact same thing.Skip the store, you will be able to provide yourself better service and information using their website.  Check retail me not for additional discount codes.
