5	Beautiful facility, caring teachers, and happy kids!My husband and I are lucky enough to have mothers that have been willing to care for our two-year-old since she was a baby. We didn't "need" day care necessarily, but we wanted to give our daughter the opportunity to interact with kids her own age. (We take her to the park sometimes, but it's not the same as daily structured interaction.)We toured four different daycares in the area with our daughter. Tutor Time had the best facility by far, and during the tour our daughter played with the other kids in her would-be class. The teacher even took time out to get to know her before we made our decision to enroll.Because we already had "free" daycare from our family, we only wanted to enroll her a couple days a week. Our daughter currently attends two half days a week. She loves circle time, playing on the playground, and snack time and naptime. The first few days she was there, I was able to call and they'd patch me directly through to her teacher for updates on how she was holding up. For the first month when she'd get there each morning the teacher would let her sit on a chair and get settled in before interacting with the other kids. Now that she's more comfortable, she marches right in and starts her day playing. I appreciate that the teachers took the time to get to know her enough to know what she needed in order to really thrive in the class. Now our daughter always gushes about what she did each day when we pick her up. As a bonus, they also give daily reports of how many times they went potty/had a diaper change, what their activities were for the day, and what they ate for lunch.I highly recommend Tutor Time! :)
1	*I would not be writing this review if the director and district manager would not have disregarded my request for a meeting. I would NOT recommend this or any tutor time. They had a hard time with our daughter's transition and decided to let another parent (not an employee or a Dr...a complete stranger) "observe our child for an extended period of time" WITHOUT OUR KNOWLEDGE (we found out this happened by an employee's comment on Swip Swap months after we pulled her from tutor time...I have the screenshots still).  They told me she was showing signs for autism when she was 6 months old and told me to take her to a child behavioral psychologist for evaluation. My Dr (and 2 others) told me nothing was wrong with her and the director told me to get another opinion. Every time I popped in to check on her, she was screaming in the corner crib by herself. We only lasted there a few weeks before pulling her out. They caused a lot of heartache to me as a new mom and had me halfway convinced I had an autistic baby that was "showing signs of Rhett's disorder" when in reality we were dealing with extreme separation anxiety. Valley childcare is worth every penny and she loves it there. It took her a week to transition and now she reaches out for her teacher to take her when I drop her off. No more crying. She loves her teachers and they love her. We are very happy there. Not to mention, the employees always smile and greet us when we come in.
