5	Had them print some high quality resumes from a flash drive. The service was fast and hassle free.
3	The service here is fast and friendly, and they offer lots of services.The major downside is their pricing. I had two copies made (~10 pages total) and got one item notarized. This cost me over $11. The notary fee was $.50, the copies a few cents, and then there was a $10 facility fee. What does that mean? Because I walked in I had to pay $10? Is it their way of charging more for notary fees? I'm not sure, but I was a bit disappointed.Still, it was convenient, especially as it was 8 am and most banks or other locations that could have done notary services for me were not open yet.
4	Went in to get fingerprinted for a job and discovered that they can offer most of the same services that FedEx does.  They are not a true copy center but it is pretty close and I was impressed by their customer service.  For simple stuff going here will be much more convenient that driving to a FedEx store.
2	A nice place but a major rip off.I was shipping some large boxes. Here is the trick this store played and I presume major UPS Stores play.If the LxWxH of the box is greater than 5184, then the billable weight is computed by the formula shown at this link.http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/ship/packaging/dim_weight.html?WT.mc_id=VAN701060The trick is to make sloppy measurements on the upside and charge extra.Also, I had one a letter to mail and the lady charged me $3.95 to mail it. Yes, it was less than 2oz and it was a small envelope. That extra money I paid was just for convinece. It's a UPS store. These stores have no standards for prices. They charge whatever they feel like.
2	Tried to ship a package here via UPS.  Payment was via receiver through their UPS account number.  I was told that UPS stores can't handle this simple type of transaction and that I need to go to the UPS Depot across town.What can brown do for you?  I continually have issues with UPS and any sort of convenience.  If available for your shipment, I highly recommend the convenience and ease of FedEx.2 stars for nice staff.
2	Holy hole in a doughnut, Batman! This dude seriously wanted 13+$ for a 10x10x48 box that you can get 20 of online for under 40 bucks (that was just the first price I found online while I was standing there). Thats over 5x profit.  Asked for owner to request  a more reasonable price. Owner was a dingy-butt about it. When my customer asks for a more reasonable price, they are giving me a chance to serve them. This guy made me feel like if I wanna box I needed to bring gloves. 13 dollars!? Good grief.
