2	I'm just convinced nobody cares about customer service anymore. They only have a job for one reason, so they can survive. They don't care if they rip you off, talk down to you, are rude, or mess up your phone. The first time we were in here, it was hilarious! A guy walked in was never greeted by anybody, left then came back in and yelled at everybody stating he would be going to Verizon, well good luck with that because this is why we are at Sprint. ( but thats another yelp) Back to Sprint....We did feel like we got our questions answered and they didn't seem all that bad. So we came back the next week to try them out and get one phone... the lies!!!!! and more lies!!!!! and more lies on top of that. There is no good cell phone carrier out there. The only thing I give Verizon, the cell phone service is the BEST, never a dropped call, I always have 2 or more "bars" and I have never had any problems with surfing the internet or doing things on my apps ----unlike sprint, problems, problems, problems...
5	The Manager, Kyle, and sales rep, Marco, were awesome! They helped us with all our problems and needs. This is our new Sprint store for sure! Kyle went above and beyond with our needs and even furthermore by getting my boss on the phone to explain how our company as a whole could save money and that he would email my boss with details! Customer Service was in Kyle's best interest for sure... Watching him bounce from one situation to another really showed us that he actually cared and made sure everyone in that store was happy (and it was a busy day that we saw while we were there.)
1	11/29/14 our family upgraded phones, in the process, sales person offered free samsung tablets only needed to pay tax on it-$19.08. We asked a few questions because it sounded too good to be true but he assured us that no fee will be added onto our account, cause it runs on wifi. So we purchased 4 tablets for each of us in our family share plan. Few day later I called sprint billing dept. for non related questions and found out that sales person totally misled us, also found out sprint charged 3 tablets $720.00 on our acct as past due, pay now. With multiple phone calls to sprint billing dept and visit 3 times to store, finally i was able to get 720.00 off my acct on 12/9/14 with billing dept with Christina -best customer service person.4th Tablet returned by my son 12/10/14 well within return period policy, same day my on line bill shows 240.00 as charge, also in red ink warning pay past due now or will be subject to collection activities and service interruption. Today is 12/17/14, after multiple phone calls to billing dept , i was passed around to different depts and a couple of reps gave me an absurd reason for not getting the refund i.e. takes 3-5day, 3-5 billing cycles??? for need to check warehouse for return merchandise, on and on.I probably have to pay $240.00 tablet we don't have in order to prevent "collection activities or service interruption". I have been very patient to try to understand through this ordeal but I am very disappointed at the sprint system. Such a big corporation can't even take care of a refund??? i had sprint service for over four years and never had a late payment. Be aware of sales people's special promotions!  my experience with most of them are very helpful but need to watch out for some.... My complaints are more to corporate refund system, original sales person and billing dept. other sales people were trying to help me get 4th tablet refund but they couldn't resolve.
5	The tech Chris is extremely helpful. He is the main reason why I come back to the store. He is very knowledgeable and takes time to explain issues.  Wish there were more helpful people like Chris
