5	This "hidden" Starbucks is located at the Elara Hilton Grand Vacations hotel. However, I stumbled on it by finding an entrance in a far corner of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops (to find it in Miracle Mile, look for and follow the Elara signs).From first glance this Starbucks caught me eye; it's visually stunning.  The walls on both sides are all glass, floor to ceiling, it just grabs you and makes you want to take a closer look.  Inside, the other all glass wall faces the beautiful Elara pool environs, a calming sight for caffeine contemplation.  The glass front and rear walls make for an arresting see-through effect.Another bonus: this site shares a contiguous space with an Elara bar.  When I was there on a weekday morning, the bar was closed, but all the bar seating was available for spillover Starbucks seating!  Also, according to the Starbucks website, this Starbucks is open 24 hours.Hard to beat an attractive, always open Starbucks - it's worth the extra effort tracking it down.
1	What a bunch of pretentious coffee snobs. If they are going to charge almost double the normal price of non-casino Starbucks, at least give good service
5	Excellent service, quick coffeeaking, and our coffees/pastries were perfectly made.  For our first morning in Vegas (and the Elara), we will be making this our ritual while here!
1	Most expensive Starbucks in the nation?? Store is located inside Elara Hilton Grand Vacations hotel and by the Miracle Mile Shops.I normally don't complain about costs if I get mediocre service. I just don't come back.  I believe this store is capturing all the tourists who is vacationing so they are willing to spend the extra costs.I'm a huge Starbucks fan however this was about my experience at this store.  Starbucks should be wise to see who should be in front of their registers.  I understand some of these stores can get very busy and stressed.  This time though very easy late morning, no lines, (hmm I wonder why) my wife and I decided to stop by to get a cup of coffee.  I paid $10 for a tall decaf coffee and a skinny latte.  I thought it was a little high however the very young girl in front of the register seemed agitated when I asked about the price.  I then promptly took out my phone to scan my starbucks card and all of a sudden she sarcastically puts a smile on her face and says 'We don't accept those here'.  I said oh ok how about my rewards coupon I received from starbucks?  Again, she gives this big smile bobbin her head and said, ' We don't accept that either'!  She was very happy to say NO to us.  A little more respect for your customers goes a long way.  I never thought Starbucks hired 12 year old's.  Maybe this is a new trend? Maybe it's because they didn't have decaf and she knew she had to do a pour-over (which requires manual labor)?  Which I know many store employee's sulk when I ask for a pour-over.  Not sure why when I do tip them every time... some say thank you.. some just... "Whatever"!I think some of these stores seriously need to look into adding iPad's at the registers so that we can order ourselves without the sarcasm's or any frustrations.  I believe Starbucks customers who spends the extra dough for a cup a joe deserves a better experience.  As for me, this is a store I'm not interested in coming back to pay the extra dough.
4	i still like to refer to this location as the PH Westgate Towers, but this place is one of the new additions since the Hilton changing of the guards that i really enjoyed. i absolutely must start every morning with coffee. an iced coffee. from Starbucks. call it marketing, call it conditioning, whatever. many times before, whenever i'd come to vegas, i'd always stay at the Westgate Towers (see pending review as to why) and unfortunately i would have to get my morning started with a very below-average iced coffee prepared at one of the side bars near the front desk, close to where this Starbucks location now stands. it was severely over-priced, and was basically just front loaded with a gang of creamer and vanilla syrup.the location of this Starbucks is perfect. whether you're staying at the hotel or just cruising through the Miracle Mile shops, this shop is sitting in prime real estate. it's floor-to-ceiling windows on both sides make it look very inviting, and the inside is laid out like a people watcher's dream: you can sip your morning latte or cappuccino while sitting at one of their desks which are adorned with modern (and comfy) chairs or relax on one of their faux-leather armchairs off to the side. that plot of land transitions seamlessly from hotel front desk and lobby area, to hotel bar, to Starbucks. and the automatic sliding window-doors is the outlet onto the Miracle Mile shops.it's a serene feeling to be able to sit and enjoy your drink inside while looking at the hustle and bustle of shoppers passing through the shops outside, and then to look through the facing ceiling-to-floor windows which look at the Westgate's mini beach club: a sea of poolside beach chairs, large swimming pool, jacuzzis, and bar areas, and canopied day beds.-civilities.
2	Located in the Elara Hilton Grand Vacations hotel where I was staying, I decided to grab my normal cup of fancy coffee that I usually get.  The line was pretty long and it did take a while to get my drink b/c of that but I am an addict so I will wait!  As someone else mentioned, this Starbucks is extremely pricey!  Boy was there some sticker shock for me!  What normally costs me about $4 at another hotel near where I live was now $5.41.    If this was the price I had to pay every morning, I think my addiction may just go away.   I had no problems with the customer service and found them friendly.  I just wish my coffee was not so expensive!
4	I really hate to give any Starbucks lower than 5 stars but this gets a 4 for the high prices and the fact that they gave the person in line in front of me a discount because he was staying at the hotel. Also I am ultra sensitive to the taste of soy or bad milk for that matter, and my grande caramel macchiato, that I drink daily, was slightly off. However, my hubby's whole milk vanilla latte was perfect, and this is probably one of the best places to people watch (and I don't mean facing out to the pool, although you might enjoy that too).There are so many Starbucks near here, I think this will be my last time at this one unless I find myself in need of a quick fix.
1	Ordered the trenta iced coffee, paid over $6 compared to a $3.50! The worst part about it is that it is really, really watered down. It does not taste like the other Starbucks iced coffee which has that nice strong flavor without the burnt taste. If you are a fan of nice and strong Starbucks iced coffee, don't bother ordering it here.
4	Oh yeah!  In the Elara and twenty four-seven! Wooooot.  Great people watching spot.  Right now, the rodeo is in town....gotta lllloooovvvveeee cowboys!  Sip and take in the views...pool too.  Would be a 5 star if the offered drink here cups.
