4	Good lunch. Supreme Sandwich or a Bowl of Chili are always rocken!! Breakfast on the other hand go with the Croissant Sandwich.
3	OK. So I've only had a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese. I'm not a New Yorker. I'm not a bagel expert. I know the yelp debate on this culinary disc can get more heated than a black leather seat in Phoenix in July. But each time, it's perfect. Cream cheese is spread evenly on the bagel. Bagel is cut in half and wrapped in white paper. I hate the places that serve you cream cheese in a little squeeze packet. UGH! I never get all the cream cheese out and end up cutting it open and licking it out. Like the lady in the commercial squeezing ketchup packets at home into her ketchup bottle to save money.The gentleman behind the counter is friendly and remembers my name even when I don't. The menu has pastries, hot breakfast and hot lunches. You can also grab fruit, yogurt and Snapple. There's plenty of reading material and the decor is simple yet comfortable. It's tucked away at City Square Plaza (gee, thus the name)...next to the Light (De)Railed Cafe. Yep. It's 86'd. Thanks City Square Cafe...for allowing me to make a pit stop on my way to work. Those three blocks can be grueling in the summer and it's refreshing to cool down a bit before walking 200 yards to my job.
5	Always friendly and the food is really good.
5	5 stars for the value at this joint. 50 things under 7$ several under 5$. Breakfast here rules. If your on a budget this is the spot, and the food's good either way.
5	Great place to get a bite whether you are on your lunch time or just want to get some good food at a decent price!I have been to this place since 2010 and have never been disappointed!  There are daily specials displayed on an outside board and the staff is very friendly.  Jim, the owner, is usually working at the joint and will flash a smile and chat you up a bit.  It is amazing to see an owner that is very involved and remembers just about every customers name that walks through the door.  Personally, the breakfast burrito is my favorite and will leave you full!  Can't go wrong with this joint!
4	I was at a training session across the street and stopped in for lunch.  The owner was serving and it was great.
3	been here several times. every time, the tables were not wiped between customers, the portions were too small, the taste was just ok, and it too way too long to come out. if the plan is to run a small restaurant in a corporate plaza, you gotta be faster, cleaner, & more pleasant, or at least have better price point. I'm pretty much done with this place, it's just not worth the effort/price.
4	Food options around my workplace are plentiful. Some are awesome, some are meh. Thanks to yelp I found this hidden gem and I am extremely happy about it. So far I have had a rueben sandwich, an asian chicken salad and a burger here.The rueben was really good and so was the burger. The salads here are meh, I had a Greek salad that had 4 pieces of tomato and 4 cucumber slices, stay away from the greens and stick to the sandwiches. The owners are nice and no nonsense. They have a great little place here.
