4	This location is smaller than the usual locations (has room for 2 people to sit down), but perhaps people rather sit outside in the Place des Festivals. If you've never been to a Sushi Shop before, don't limit yourself to what you see in the refrigerated display. Mark up on the menu what you want to order, takes about 5-10 minutes (during the off hours). Excellent sushi, great for take out. But if you're looking for fancier ambiance, try Place des Festivals, a bit further downtown.
1	Across the street from Place Des Arts. Service is not so fast. Takes them quite a while to prepare an order when I was the only one there. I never buy the "pre-packaged" meals, I always order fresh. However when I was eating it, it really wasn't fresh. I was so bad, I had to ask for my money back, how unpleased I was. The place is really small, you can hardly move around properly. Really not a good place for sushi.
2	I don't know what it is about Sushi Shop... I still go, I don't dislike the food, but I always leave wondering why I hadn't gone somewhere else.  Maybe it's because everything is so rectangular (why is the sushi rectangular?!?) and packaged?  Maybe it's the sparse seating and the abrupt service?  Or maybe it's both: everything seems so... manufactured.  Regardless, Sushi Shop is alright if you just want some sushi and then you want to go do something else.  It's like McDonalds with raw salmon instead of grease, guilt, and the horrible suspicion that you've eaten something that's not actually food.
1	I usually like so much Sushi Shop but this one is awefull! I dirty and people somnot friendly! Dont go there!
3	Blink and you'll miss it. There are at least 3 other locations within walking distance, one within the same complex if you want to eat in, only one small table and 2 chairs here.This location is good for summer as they setup a few tables outside or you can sushi away during the festivals. As for all sushi shops, they are a bit pricey, and this location seems to make mostly pre-made sushi and some items from their main menu are not always available.
