3	The reason this is the first review of this Quiznos is because it's Quiznos. Pretty consistent quality sandwich shop...toasted subs and junk. Honestly the sponge monkeys give the best Quiznos review so I'll leave it to them.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PdsS01iUZs
3	Quiznos has had a rough time the last couple of years. But this location seems unaffected by the problems at corporate and a soft economy which closed one of their stores on nearby Scottsdale Road.If you are unfamiliar with Quiznos, they make some good toasted sub sandwiches, prepared with better quality meats, cheeses and bread. Yes you'll pay a little extra, in my case $7.19 for a large Turkey Club, but generally they're very good.. Another positive are the folks who work here, seem happy and eager. I have always found that as a good gage on how the employees are treated and if they enjoy coming to work.So Three Stars, "A-OK".  As I mentioned in my Tip, consider joining their eClub for a $2.00 Off coupon and other promotional emails before coming here.
3	l eat here weekly the place is clean and people are  friendly  food is absolutly delicious but i just dont know why everytime the price is different.i got exactly same Sandwich everytime but different employees charges different,  the prices have gradually increased from $7 toal most$10 i wish everytime they charge the same Price.
1	I purchased an online coupon for Quiznos by mistake, thinking it was for another sub shop located a couple minutes from my house.  It turns out this location is the closest, but further away than I'd usually be willing to travel for a sub.  However, since I now had the coupon I thought it a good opportunity to try my first ever Quiznos sub.  So I went to Yelp to read reviews for this and other locations.I was having friends stop by to swim in my pool this past Sunday afternoon (2014.0727), so decided I'd go pick-up a couple subs.  Before I did I checked their hours on both their corporate and Yelp's sites; both said it was open Sunday from 11:00 am - 8:00 pm, and Yelp even had "Open now" in green letters to the right of their Sunday hours.I arrived at their front door at 3:20 pm and the place was closed with a note taped on their door "Open 11:00 am - 3:00 pm."  Thus a 45-minute round-trip wasted.I'd love to provide my feedback about their food, but to-date I've never had any.What I can comment on is this location and their corporation.  Once back home I rechecked both Quiznos Corporate and Yelp's sites, and again they both indicated this location should have been open at this time.Not very pleased with this waste of time, I decided that rather than give this location a bad review on Yelp, I'd simply provide feedback direct to Quiznos Corporate, so I clicked on their "Contact" link at the bottom, which presented another page for a few seconds than immediately returned to their opening page.  I tried this several times using two different browsers, and then tried using a different computer, but all with the same result.Frustrated, I searched for Quiznos Corporate contact info.  What I discovered from various links was even more disturbing.  Not only did I find a plethora of complaints from very dissatisfied customers on their own site (www.corporateofficehq.com/quiznos-corporate-office/), I found many other sites with negative customer feedback.  No wonder they don't want any more contact from their website.Then I learned that Quiznos Corporate filed for bankruptcy protection in March 2014 "due to a rash of (store) closings nationwide."  It appears this company has problems from top to bottom.  I'm going to attempt to use my coupon (which I already paid for) before they go belly-up.
1	Wowza- called to ask a question about menu and location- Joe said " hey I'm really busy right now can you call back in 15?" Ummm really? Mind you it was 3pm....
1	this location is closed. no longer in business. im adding more info because this program wants me to write a certain number of characters. just letting everyone that you can drive there but it is no longer a quiznos. there yelp, is that enough info for ya!by the way...i love quiznos sandwiches!
