5	I have been going here for a few years, and love how my hair turns out every time. Both Nicky and Angie do an awesome job -- I've had dramatic cuts, very undramatic trims, and highlights. They translate my ramblings about what I might want -- lighter... or maybe darker... or maybe some bangs... -- into something that looks great.
5	Still wonderful, but just a tip -- you can't put tips on a credit card, so be sure to bring cash or a check.
2	I purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure. My experience was terrible although the woman doing my nails was very friendly. First, she did not do anything except buff the tops of my nails, and minor cuticle cutting. She didn't even file my nails. Second, she only covered the middle of my nails, leaving the sides and tips unpainted. Two days later, one nail had chipped halfway off and today, 4 days later, every single nail is chipped. Shellac is supposed to last two weeks at least, so I am very disappointed with the results.
4	I don't know if a girl's first manicure is supposed to be a transcendental moment or what, but I've been told that it is one of those rites of passages to womanhood. In that case, I guess I'm a late bloomer.Anyway, I found myself a good deal on Groupon and decided to give it a go.  The $40 per shellac manicure at Hair Studio is quite steep (apparently there is a nail salon on Tokay that charges $25/manicure full price) and really, if it wasn't for the 50% off Groupon deal, I would have never tried it out.  It is also a little inconvenient that you can't just walk in with the Groupon deal, but instead have to make an appointment well in advance. Good thing it wasn't too big of a hassle.My first impression of Hair Studio was that it is a very well maintained and managed salon/spa. The space within is thoughtfully designed and arranged - it definitely put me right at ease. Also, I was super stoked when I discovered that they carried higher-end salon products like Moroccanoil and Paul Mitchell. I've been running low on Moraccanoil hair serum and I've been meaning to try Paul Mitchell's tea tree shampoo and conditioner for ages (i've read some rave reviews). I just kept putting off purchasing the products on Amazon and hoping that I would be able to pick them up in person, but I haven't found any place in Madison that carried them until now. YAY! For that alone, Hair Studio deserves a solid 4 stars.  (:The stylist who did my nails was extremely sweet and a wonderful conversationalist. She explained every step of the process and was patient with my questions. I didn't particularly like how she cut my cuticles, but other than that, my nails look better than they've ever looked before. So far, my manicure is holding up very well even though I came straight home and did a load of laundry, hand-washed all of my dishes, and scrubbed up my kitchen. I'm pretty pleased. (:All in all, Hair Studio is a wonderful place, although quite a bit out of my budget. I think I'm going to try out a few more places, but I'll keep my eye out for you, Hair Studio!
3	Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but similar to Mia H., I am already starting to see chipping in the shellac polish and it's only been two days since I got the manicure. I'm knocking my previous review down one star because the quality of the manicure is definitely not worth the full price I would've paid. Good thing I had a coupon - but even then, I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon to get my nails redone.
5	I love this place! Got my nails done...gel overlay...and perfect after a week and a half! No chipping whatsoever. Other ladies must be using their nails as tools. A big no-no. One stop shop for haircut, nails and skin. Five stars PLUS! And nothing out there  beats Moroccanoil!
5	I started going to this salon because my mom has been a client for the past 20 years. The owner, Kate, has been my mom's hair stylist for the entire 20 years and does a wonderful job. She hires quality staff and runs a great spa and salon. I have been going to Hair Studio for over ten years now and am a loyal customer. Nikki is a fabulous hair stylist and colorist who makes sure you get the style you want and are happy with it. I enjoy everything from the hair wash (including a relaxing head massage) to the ideas Nikki comes up with for my hair. I'm known to like changing my hairstyle, length and color and she is very encouraging, but also sensible about the changes I make, which I appreciate. The salon also provides nail services, waxing services, massage services, and skin care treatments. One thing I particularly like is that there's never any pressure to purchase products. They will suggest products, but never push you to buy them as I've experienced at other spas and salons. I had a bad experience once when I was unable to get an appointment with my stylist and made the decision to try another salon. Bad choice. The cut was horrible and very poorly done. I called Hair Studio and spoke to my stylist and she was more than willing to see what had happened and try to fix it. It took two appointments to get my hair back to normal and I was so appreciative for the work she did to help me!Stylists, mine included, stay up-to-date on their education. Nikki is always sharing new techniques with me! They also are very knowledgable about what hairstyles will look best on you.I believe with hair, you get what you pay for. The pricing is fair for the quality of work. As long as I live in Madison, I will be going to Hair Studio. You should check it out too!
4	I found myself needing an emergency color appointment, did some research on Yelp and decided to give Hair Studio a try since they had an opening. The receptionist was pleasant on the phone and in person and made me feel comfortable right away. The salon is bright and clean and much larger than it looks. I was offered coffee or water while waiting. I had a 1:00 appointment with Julie and she was right on time. She explained that she was new and building her business, at first this made me a little uneasy, but she did an excellent job! I love the color of my hair, and she really took time with me. She added a few foils because I complained that my hair was all one color. She then gave me a $25 off her service for myself and four more to give to others. My total after the coupon was $70. I thought that was quite reasonable and couldn't be happier with my hair. The place was busy the whole time I was there and everyone seemed to really enjoy what they were doing. I moved between several rooms, waiting room, coloring room, shampoo area and Julie's station. I could not help noticing each area was spotless. Impressive. Also, no pressuring to buy a lot of product. One thing to be aware of, they take credit cards for your service, but tips need to be paid in cash. This is a little cumbersome since I am one of those people that never have cash! Definitely give them a try...help Julie build her business!
5	I am new to the area and desperately needed my hair cut and highlighted. I found a groupon for this hair studio and thought I would try it out! I read reviews on yelp and it seemed promising. I received THE BEST cut and highlights EVER! Julie Naggs was my dresser. She is so creative and really listened to what I wanted. I showed her a picture of what I liked and she made it happen perfectly! I feel I look even BETTER than the model! I could'nt be more happy and I will keep recommending this salon and stylist to my friends.
