5	I have been attending this school via the on-line program and absolutely love it.  At first I was going to pursue and will graduate with my Associates degree in April but have now decided to stay in for my Bachelors.Convienence:     Very convienent.  I am married with three kids and one on the way.  Between family and work, I couldn't attend a traditional campus.  I chose Phoenix because of there good reputation for the on-line environment.  I simply do my work before and/or afterwork, usually after becasue the kids and wife are usually asleep.Expenses:     About $1,000 per class.  You can take two classes per session of which are 9 weeks in length.  The cost includes everything to include books of which are in PDF format.  No need for "physical" books.Admissions/Financial Aid:     Have been very helpful so far.  Excellent service and no worries in the finacial aid aspect of things.     Overall, fanatastic experience thus far and would highly recommend to those who want to pursue or finish there degree.
1	I would never recommend anyone to go this school. There online program sucks. There financial service sucks even more and the counselor will harass you, call and email you crazy. Very annoying. The first online class is an intro class to the school to get you to know the online program and the charge you for that, $1000 just to walk you through the online school site, that's bullshit it should be free or cheaper. $1000 is to much for a get to know the school class.Yes they charge $1000 a class, in my case i did not pass a class, they put me into the next then they take me out of the class and I get charged $500 for attending the class half the time, another bullshit move by them. So know i would have to take the same class later and get billed for it again. That would be $1500 for the class.  So if you don't pass a class you will have to pay out of pocket for that class, you will know be able to continue until you pay for it, even if you have financial aid. Yes i messed up, but it should not be this difficult to go to school, the school bills you for everything. Bullshit school, after many complaints I have talk to people that also hate this school. I should have done more research, which is my fault. So this is warning to others, this school will rob you. This place gets no stars, that one is just to post this.
2	I just finished my BSIT degree.  I would not recommend U of P to anyone looking at learning something.  If you already have the experience and just need the degree like I did it is ok.  I still was frustrated spending $1200 a class for not learning anything.  The best classes I had were the general education classes.  My IT classes were poorly thought up and had horrible content.  One example is that a teacher was showing us the inside of a computer and didn't even know where the CMOS battery was.  I know I'm a geek for knowing where to non IT people but this is a major problem.  I have had a few friends go here as well and all have the same problems.  Many of the team learning assignments are challenging because the other group members are just looking to take up space and get your good grade.  You will fail based on your other members if you don't do their work.  So it's just a mess.I am glad to be able to have a degree though which is why they have 2 stars not 1.  Just do yourself a favor go to a real school get a real education and be happy.  :)
1	just awful, listening to their sales pitch over and over by telemarketers felt more like I was dealing with AT&T than an actual school. And it took forever to get them to tell me how much the school costs, important to know for most people. Anyway this is not a real school.
1	u of phoenix is a fucking rip off!!!!!!! when i signed up with the program, i was unemployed at the time and they told me that if i fill out my "fafsa" information that i would get  financial aid so i was expecting my loans to be covered... well that was a lie.  it has been a year since i finished my aa program. which i think is pretty much worthless considering i am doing the same exact job that i have been doing for the past 13 years, making no more money then i have been making.  now i am getting statements from fed loan demanding these "loans" to be paid...i call fed loan yesterday to find out exactly how much i owe... ohhh geeze only $25,000!!!!!! yah like really have that laying around..complete chump change right?  well fed loan also informed me that interest on this loan is accruing everyday at $4.43 a day!!! so basically they want me to make payments of $350.00 a month for god knows how long!!! wtf???? i have other bills to pay..like a car payment and i am basically trying to make ends meet as it is.. go ahead fed loan - report me to the credit agencies.. hopefully in a few years i can go bankrupt again and write this rediculousness off!!thanks u of phoenix for painting such a pretty picture that was all lies!! and your customer service does suck rats ass too!!
3	I took two courses at University of Phoenix to transfer over to a state school. My state school were not offering these courses for another semester and I didn't want to wait to graduate so I took them at UOP.I had to pay for the classes cash because you can't take single courses and use financial aid. The classes were pretty easy online and I had no issues with the instructors or classmates.I highly recommend UOP if you are looking to take a few classes and tranfer them over to a state school. Make sure you ask you university if they will accept the courses before you take them. If they don't accept them then you will be out a few thousand dollars.I DO NOT recommend UOP for getting any type of degree because they are "for profit" and many employees do not like to hire candidates who received a degree at a "for profit" university. Feel free to send me a personal message and I can explain why.
