4	Great spot for a summer-time brunch along Jacques-Cartier Place.  Restaurant A L'aventure has a small breakfast menu with croissants (I think our waiter said they were made on the premises), omelettes (delicious), and crepes (yummy!).  Our waiter was excellent and the food was very good, though a little on the pricey side.  For the location though, the price seemed fairly reasonable.  I ordered the crepes, which came with a fruit kebab.  The strawberry on the kebab stick was a bit bruised, but overall, I was happy with my meal.
2	Getting, old and slow and tired-looking on the inside. But most seem to come here for the great patio with a superb view of Old Montreal.  Painfully, we had to sit inside and thus experienced no view and sluggish service from 3-4 waiters who paid no interest in getting anything right.  The food was average and prices were high for what you get. We failed to see all the bad Yelp and Google reviews of this place or we would have kept walking.  Expensive and SLOW.  Bar area looked old-world and the whole place needs a face lift.  The owners are miking the location for all they can.  If you like the location of the patio--but be forewarned--service is slow and food is average to fair.
3	Walked in here on a whim and chose to sit inside - bad choice. Apart from the dreary decor, this restaurant had slow, slow, slooooow service and a very indifferent staff. We considered asking for the check after eating our appetizers because we figured they had forgotten about our entrees. Fortunately, the food was decent and rather tasty, especially the fried potatoes that came with our sandwich - would have given two stars if the food had been anything short of what it was. Still, after the bad service and the expensive tab (quite overpriced for lunch fare) we were pretty relieved to get out of there.
4	Sure it's touristy like mad. It's right off the main square in old town but I had a pretty good Croque Monsieur. If you get it, you have to get the optional egg on top.Despite being touristy - The entire Old Town matches that - it was a good, relaxing afternoon there with some cocktails and great people watching.
4	Vieux Montreal is an exceptional historic locale, settled in the 17th Century and reborn in the 20th as a beautiful, super pedestrian friendly urban living museum, chock full of sidewalk cafes, cobblestone streets, repurposed old buildings, and a wonderful sense of holding sweetly to the past while offering a glimpse of how the future can be married to it for the benefit of its people.  It really works!After cruising around first by car(the cobblestones really do a number on the spine and suspension), and then on foot, we ventured up and down, in and out of the hilly streets to really get a feel for what was going on here.  It was very rewarding, despite the 90+ heat on a crystal clear blue sky day with low humidity. When we reached Place Jacques Cartier, and checked all the cafes lining the square, as well as the street entertainers, we opted for the shady side, as did most other folks.  We were seated at a deuce toward the back of the large front outdoor green canopied deck, where we could resuscitate from the heat with a drink, watch all the other people watchers, and have a bite of French cuisine.   The traditional Soupe Onione a la Grantinee was all I needed, along with a hydrating tall glass of water, and a local pilsner.  My friends had a variety of fresh salads, croissant sandwiches, and an awesome looking burger.  75 minutes later we were sated and looking for a place to nap.  L'Adventure was exactly what we wanted, and it did not disappoint.  Service was fine.  I love that everyone is bilingual, but greet in French and easily slip into English as we reply to the "Bonjour, Bonjour."Next stop: Chinatown.
3	It's all about the patio, the people/tourist-watching, and the cold beer. Wonderful Chambly Blanc on a perfect August afternoon...
4	Had dinner here with my wife and 3 kids. We were all very pleased with the food and the service. There isn't much available for younger kids, but mine were able to share a drumstick appetizer which was really well done and included 6 drumsticks, so it was more than enough for a young child or 2.  A large, juicy burger was very good and a steak that was just ok round out the standard fare. The nachos appetizer was not great, but it was just an appetizer.  The real star was the pizza. The dough is buttery and flakey yet chewy which made for one of the best pizza crusts that I have ever had. The sauce and cheese were well balanced to make this a wonderful personal pizza. I would definitely order it again if I was dining here. But I would also dine outside as the interior needs some updating.
