4	Ok so this place was right up the street from our hotel, so we went a couple time :s lol They make a MEAN burger, like this bad boy is large and just rude hahah the first time we went they were super busy and the girl never asked me if i wanted everything on it, so i got all the fixings including thsoe i didnt like.... Theres somethigna bout montreal and everything coming with coleslaw...its strange. The one complaint is that there coleslaw sucks (and i think its saurkraut but they said slaw..) I pulled it right off my burger, but they thing is juicy and made to order! frikken delish. The poutine isnt half bad either, the gravy could use some work lol. The have alot of shit on the menu but the best is the burger. Second time around it wasnt busy and the guy let us eat before we paid which was nice. They have a good dine in and patio area going on which is nice. Im for sure down for a brochette burger anytime!
4	I've gone here twice.   First time I ordered the steak, and it was super mediocre.   However, just went there today and had their burger, and was completely blown away.    Totally awesome.  They have all kinds of ingredients (and it is for sure sauerkraut not slaw) which I love.   Very sloppy burger but extremely tasty.  I will definitely be going here again and getting the burger.   Next time I'll  try a poutine too.
2	Contrary to popular belief, this place is NOT open 24 hours.  I tried to go several times in the morning, afternoon, and night and the doors were locked.  One time I went in at 4:30am (I was working the 5am shift that day) and the guy wouldn't take my order.  He said "we're closed, we're cleaning".. He was walking around talking on his cell phone.The food is blah.. The burgers are frozen processed meat.  Not high grade for the prices you pay.  The toppings sit out for more than a week.  None of it is fresh.  The sauces (garlic sauce) often accumulate a layer of skin over it from sitting out so long.They NEVER cook their chicken brochettes properly.  If you like pink, bleeding chicken meat, then Brochette.ca is the place for you.   And they made half chickens in bulk, so it won't be uncommon to go to the restaurant and see a pile of half chickens sitting out in the open, drying out, gathering bacteria/dust.  They don't cook their half chickens to order.   They cool piles of them and leave them sit out all week.  When you order one, they pick it up and just throw it on their dirty grill to heat it up, which also dries it out even more.They recently stopped cooking their food over their charcoal grill.  Instead they use the dirty little grill on the corner, and scrub it with a wire brush WHILE YOUR FOOD IS COOKING.   My last and final time there the guy was cooking my meat on one side of the grill, and wire scrubbing the other side.  Thick black soot was picking up as he was scraping, and that soot was landing on my meat cooking right next to it.I told the guy to please replace my meat as I didn't want meat that just had black soot scraped off of the grill all over it, and he wanted to charge me an extra 5 dollars.  I told him now way, that he just contaminated my food.  I asked for my money back but he said once he starts cooking I can't have my money back.  I simply left, and sucked up my 12$ loss and went to one of the restaurants in the food court of the E-Commerce building next door instead (this Mexican place there has a KILLER club sandwich made with garlic mayo).  I have since advised all my friends of this incident and none of them plan on eating there again.  They lost at least 10-15 potential customers simply because they didn't want to replace my food THEY contaminated during cooking.  Contrary to popular belief, black soot scraped off the grill does not equal extra flavor.  It's disgusting.The style of the place is really nice.  I like the wood/stainless steel atmosphere.  Makes it feel like a real steak house.  Unfortunately the food is extremely bland, and their now signature items (the burgers) are frozen processed, unseasoned meat, topped with stuff that has been sitting out all week.   When I first went there, they cooked my meat on their charcoal grill and it was great.  The taste was like a home style BBQ.  But the place has taken a nose dive since they shifted their signature dishes from freshly cooked meats over a BBQ grill, to just another processed, frozen patty burger joint.It's not really a good place to eat (anymore).  If they go back to using their charcoal grills, and hire cooks who know how to properly cook meat (bloody chicken isn't appetizing), and start cooking their half chickens to order, and stop leaving their sides and toppings out to dry out and crust over for a week, I may reconsider, but until then I am staying as far away from that place as possible.  There's plenty of other restaurants downtown in the same price range with MUCH better quality food.I'm giving this 2 stars for their atmosphere, and the potential of being a good restaurant, but for now, it's way below what it could potentially be.
1	Late night spot....hole in the wall.....burgers were "meh"....stale buns....over priced....drunkies everywhere.We were out-of-towners and just wanted to grub after insane amounts of beer.  This was the closest 24hr spot to our hotel.  Eat here if you dont care about taste and food quality.
2	UPDATE:  So they finally started seasoning their meats, which was a good start, but their cook staff changes literally every other week.  Every time I go in, it's someone different cooking my food, to the point where I just stopped going again.  They are not consistent.  Their ingredients are still staying out uncovered all day, collecting bacteria, and depending on who is cooking that day, you may get well cooked food, burned food, or raw food.  It's hit or miss.  I give up on this place.  Not giving it another chance.  Especially at their insanely high prices.  And their rice is like eating bullets.  It's ALWAYS undercooked and tasteless.  Yuck.
5	After seeing the sign from about 15 blocks away ,and as that burger got bigger and bigger I knew that this was going to be the best place for me to go to cheat on my diet.Walking into this place you realize that this is an awesome hang out , after checking out the menu of some wild burgers i made my choice the friendly chef grilled our burgers to Perfection you can really see the passion this dude has creating a mouth watering master piece. Now I've checked out everyone else reviews and there may have been some issues there in the past but I'll tell you HOLY !@#$% the burger was @$$#$$  delicious flavorful moist juicy and freaking #@%%^ fantastic i had no guilt at all putting down a burger and a 1/2 1/2 a poutine witch was excellent 1/2 a pack of fries ..Yea that's what i did and SO what I'd do it again but i didn't wear spandex pants just sitting here typing this is reminding me of how good it was and i am really considering to take the 1/12 hour drive just to go back and eat another 4 burgers .. passing this place and not stopping in for a burger is not only a mistake it should be illegal . i will be back again as soon as i can find pants with a bungy cord waistband ...
