5	Wow, finally a good sandwich in the valley!!!!!
5	I was introduced to Togo's by my boyfriend, orginially from California. I love sandwiches so of course, I was excited to try a new place. It's about a 10 minute drive from his house (about 20 minutes from mine) so we decide to head over from his place on a sunday afternoon. To my delight, it just happens to be my favorite sandwich as the daily special (turkey and avocado). How awesome!! We decide to order two sandwiches each, one for now and then one for later since the prices are great for the daily special. The sourdough bread is great but a little hard to eat so if you're looking for a softer bread, I'd go with the parmesean. Similar to subway, you are able to add your own toppings but cheese is extra. Sandwiches are stuffed full of goodies and just thinking about it makes me want to eat one now!!The only negative (for me at least) is that it seems to take a long time for them to make the sandwiches. So, if you're in a hurry, I'd call ahead to order or just plan to be there a little while. My boyfriend and I now dub "Togos" as our sunday afternoon treat spot and have been several times since it opened. Staff is extremely friendly and the place is spotless. Totally love and will keep coming back!!
5	I am so excited to FINALLY find Togo's!  I have not been able to find a decent sandwich shop since moving here from So Cal so imagine my surprise to stumble upon my favorite place from back home.  They have great portions and prices to match.  Needless to say I will be heading back to Togo's again very soon.
1	This is the second time I have left disappointed here. The first is when they just opened. I will let that one go.... My boyfriend ordered first and this is where the problems started. He ordered the meatball sub.  The girl making the sandwich asked what type of bread he wanted (sourdough) and  confirmed he wanted provolone cheese then started throwing on the meatballs. The thing is, sourdough doesn't taste very good when cold and the warm meatballs were on top of cold cheese... She didn't even offer to toast the sandwich that is typically served hot! When he asked her to toast the sandwich to be toasted after she had made it, it was apparently an inconvenience to her and she just made a mess and STILL gave it to us. When I ordered my sand which she was already over it, apparently. If I asked a question, I got a one word response.... I also wanted my sand which toasted, but again wasn't offered. I just dealt with the gross cold sourdough.... There are better options in the area... doubt i will be returning.
5	OK....let me start with...I have never been to this Togos but I have NEVER been to a Togos that I didn't like!!  Truly...my mouth is watering for the #16...my fav, the #9 my next fav and then the classic #24.  This place ROCKS!!  I grew up on Togos in California and have missed it since living here in the desert but now I have found one  and it'll be worth the 45 MILE drive!!!  Really...you should all try it!  Yummy!!!  :)
4	Yes I agree, the girl didn't offer to toast my sub, however, they still pack a big punch with a list of 30 different sandwiches. Great selection, amazing watermelon tea, and an employee that really knew the menu.
4	On my way to an appointment and couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the sign for Togo's!! I thought they were all closed in the valley. I was so sad when the one by me was closed...and have not found a good chicken salad sandwich since! To my great pleasure, I stopped in and got the #29 (still the same!) fabulous chicken salad sandwich. The mix includes sliced almonds and celery and onions too. Yum! I don't know when I will get back to that neck of the woods again, but I will be sure to stop in at Togo's!
5	While driving around Chandler the other day, I happened to notice a Togo's delivery vehicle.  I thought, what?  Is Togo's back?  Well, yes it is - yea!  I have been eating at Togo's since 1979, and my favorites are the 21 (avocado and cheese) and 9 (hot pastrami).  In my opinion, none of the other sub shops - Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Subway, Firehouse, etc. - come close to the quality and taste of a genuine Togo's sub.  I shall return soon!
4	I found this location by accident one day when leaving my satellite office and dreading having to order another sandwich from the napkin tyrants at a competitor. I had seen advertisements for Togo's, but had never tried them, so I gave it a shot. What a difference! Great food, napkins a-plenty, friendly staff.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they still seem a little overwhelmed during the busy times, but my orders (whether hot or cold) have always been right (and good).
3	Being a northern Cali guy. You know it's not going to be what you think from the old town. I ordered the # 9...OK CA you know the # 9 . I hate to scale weight, I'm paying $ 8.00 for a foot long, bring on the meat. The staff were great. put up with my old story's of the original story me and my wife went too. Problem: bad location, had to look to find in a strip mall. But still good place to get a sandwich.
5	TOGO's is about as good as it gets for a "franchise" sandwich, and this location in particular is the best one I've ever been to. It's huge, well-run, with very friendly service, fast when busy, and consistent in quality & quantity. About a million times better than Subway, and a far better value as you actually get a reasonable amount of meat in your sandwich, unlike the other guys, where you get about a metric ton of lettuce and other fluff ingredients, hiding some wafer-thin slices of generic grocery case cold cuts. Give it a try if you've never been, you won't be disappointed.
4	I have been a Togos fan for many years and when they disappeared from the valley I was very disappointed.  So when I found they were opening around the corner from my house you could well image my delight.  When we first walked into the new one I was a little worried because I remember the decor of my previous visits to the old shops being much more lunch counter and this one was more like the run of the mill fast food style. I recalled one of my favorite sandwiches was a cucumber and avocado but did not snow it on the menu but when I asked they said I could order off menu.  The sandwich was good - a lot less ingredients than they used to serve but it was still delicious.
4	Delicious sandwiches, had to take off a star for service. The person making my sandwich kept messing up, but other than that great quality sandwiches.
3	Ahhh..good old Togo's. This was my first visit in years since living in NoCal, where the chain started. The turkey quality doesn't look as good, but the chunky chicken salad is usually a safe choice along with pastrami. The salad on this day needed alot of help from the salt and pepper packets, but it was still a filling 6 inch sandwich. It's good that they put almonds in the chicken salad. Check in on YELP and get a free drink.
2	Togos has the best sandwiches ever but the employees at this location act like they hate their job. The energy level was in the tank- no smiles and super slow service.
2	Not as good as the togos in California, staff was not very friendly music was too loud and dining area was dirty. Will not be back
4	ToGo isn't quite the new kid in town, but they are trying hard to make a go of it in the Valley.  ToGo's origins are NorCal, with a huge following there.  Here, they've met with mixed results so far, closing some locations including one in Scottsdale. Their choice of locations have been somewhat puzzling, with no natural customer base like a school or large office park nearby. The other nearby Togo's location (Chandler/Tempe border) is tiny and shoehorned next to a Fry's.  I've driven past it many times not knowing it was there, but this one is much larger. My two co-worker and I made a trip here for a late 1:30 lunch one Friday. There was only five or six other here. So it gave us time to chat with the Manager and have him give us a nice introduction and overview to Togo's.The subs were very good. But the bomb is their Pastrami. It's a killer. Expect to pay $8 including a drink for a small sub, or $10 for the large waist buster. LOLThere's also a frequent diners card and an email club you can join to get online specials. Don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free drink, see photo. So the three of us are now Fans and enjoyed our Four Star meal.
5	Love this place. The sandwiches are awesome, taste fresh and they pile the stuff on. The employees are always friendly and the place is always clean. Just a good sandwich place that's a better option than Subway.
2	So-so. It didn't stand out from other sub places. I wasn't impressed. I might return if there is absolutely no where else to go.
4	Awesome food, attentive staff, clean atmosphere.  A welcome addition to the army of sandwich restaurants in my area & perhaps the best quality of them all.
1	After being a Togos fan for many years I think our relationship has come to an end.  The last two visits to get 2 sandwiches to go were beyond terrible.    My husband's pastrami was so bad it ended up in the garbage.   It smelled rancid and there were really no pieces of meat, just crumbs.    My turkey/cranberry was also bad.   The "turkey" had no resemblance to the taste of turkey and the parmesan bread was so stale it was crumbly.  The price of the sandwiches do not reflect the quality of years gone by.  Might as well go to Subway.
