4	Owned by the same stylish people who put together My Sisters Closet ...My Sister's Attic is focused on furniture and anything you would decorate your house with. It may be hard to find furniture here because the shop is very small, but you can get great steals on frames, pictures, lamps, and dish ware. I found a ton of awesome glass sets when I was there. From fun margarita glasses, elegant wine glasses, and even some shot sets. They were all entire sets in great condition for awesome prices. It just seems silly to buy dishes at full price when you see what they have here!
4	Fun shop. Lots of baubles and wacky odds-and-ends. A step above thrift shop and not too orderly, as it should be.I found the prices to be generally unrealistic. $300.00 for a chair with stains. $300.00 for a Japanese screen, heavily worn and faded. $40.00 for a lamp. In an eBay world, people know market value and aren't going to be paying these prices at a thrift-type shop such as this.The men's shop next door was well put together with quality clothes and decent prices.
4	Grade A shopping experience if you enjoy the thrill of a hunt but are looking for nicer furniture than a Goodwill has to offer.This locations the best because it's the largest!
4	Having only lived here since August '08, I wasn't one to go out and furnish my apartment in one day or even one weekend cuz it's not my style to come home to a completely ikea'd house - which is why I come here every couple of weeks. I really like all the funky furniature and I have found lots of classic pieces for really decent prices. If you can go there semi-regularly you could score some major furniture finds (still regretting that I didn't buy this pair of red chairs cuz I'll never find those again!). There is course some junk thrown in the mix, but that is the appeal of consignment shopping. I really dig their decorative collection as well  - place settings, vases, platters, lamps, etc...The staff has always been friendly and helpful versus the Scottsdale location in which I've never been greeted or spoken to, not that I expect a best friend out my shopping experience. Definitely worth a quick peruse if you're in the neighborhood, you never know what you'll find!
4	I recently moved and true to all moves, aside from the torture and pain of moving boxes up and down and up and down again, I always seem to come out with pieces of furniture that somehow don't make any sense in my new place. Normally, Goodwill will take my foster furniture under their wing to find them a new home, but this time, the furniture had selling potential so I set out on a mission. As I was driving to my neighborhood Trader Joes, I spotted the grand reopening sign for My Sister's Closet AND My Sister's Attic. I'd always wondered what those stores were about and boy was I in for a treat when I parked and went inside! Imagine high quality items in perfect condition. Beautiful furniture, high gorgeous chandeliers oil paintings and even the occasional oriental rug -- and ALL for a much lower price. The street sign dancers are not lying when they advertise up to 70% off! On the flip side, I was able to sell my furniture! I had a couple of large items in nice condition and not only did they sell in record timing, I also received a decent amount of money for them. Needless to say, I was pretty darn impressed with My Sister's Attic. The staff is friendly, the store is clean and clutter free and it's pretty hard to leave without a new treasure in your hand. So, the next time you have some free time on your hands, stop by My Sister's Attic or Closet. My Sister's Closet has all the designer brands you can think of, including St. John, Chanel and Louis Vuiton. Yes, please. :)
5	Can't wait to buy a wonderful treasure for our home, BB!  Always fun to shop with you!
4	A few great pieces and very reasonable prices. There is a lot of stuff that I walked right by, but a few things that just jumped out at me. I found myself saying...Where could I put that? Do I really need this? What a great deal? This is the type of place where if you are looking for something special, you might be disappointed. But if you just happen to stroll by, you might be pleasantly surprised.
5	This review is for the location in the Desert Village Shopping center at Pinnacle Peak. My family and I were visiting my relatives in AZ for xmas vacation and after my sisters closet, went over to check this place out.Like its other store, which is consignment, this one has furniture. It is pretty organized and everything looks pretty new and barely used. It is a little over crowded and you have to be careful not to turn around and bump things.  I bought this ceramic canister for utensils, very nice and it was $5. My mom bought a candle snuffer and my dad bought her a candle holder thing. The people here weren't too friendly but I didn't really pay much attention to them after we were not greeted so whatever.Overall, nice for gently used furniture and other household items.
3	"Why wasn't this called My Parent's Attic?"Although this is a consignment furniture store, this store left me hanging.  After venturing into My Sister's Closet and Well Suited and finding bargains there, I was expecting to find the same type of selection of brand name furniture, however what I found to be was a more antique shopping experience. There are some nice quality items, but perhaps my experience have always been okay.  That being said, I never miss a chance to come in to pass the time since my wife is still shopping at My Sister's Closet.  I would suggest to corporate to open a small deli and call it My Sister's pantry or kitchen and then we can get a bite while shopping.  Although consigning food items would be frowned upon.  If you think this was useful, cool, or funny, please check below.
4	This place is great.  They have so many higher end clothing items at reasonable, sometimes huge, discounts.Like a Ralph Lauren gently worn long sleeve button down, $12???  Designer suit jackets for $10?  Pants that Dillards sells for over $50, marked down to (DRUMROLL PLEASE) $3?And for the ladies, Louis and Coach purses for up to 90% off regular price, The clothing selection comes in many sizes and styles.Clean store - a little cramped but I'm not gonna complain.HERE'S A SHOCK FOR ALL OF YOU WHO LOOK FOR MY PATENTED RANTS:   My twins were acting up.  One of them in particular kept knocking down ties.  I asked multiple times for them to behave.  One of the employees asked multiple times directly to my son to behave.   The final straw, when my son dropped some suspenders, the employee delicately grabbed my son and sternly - but eloquently - asked him to stop touching the merchandise.  Ready for the rant?   WE NEED MORE OF THIS IN OUR COUNTRY!!!  I wasn't offended or bothered in the least.  I know some people who would get in that employees face and up in arms over this action.  Not me - good for them.  I don't like being anywhere that children are misbehaving, especially when they are my kids, and I felt that the employee was well within their rights.  I wish more employees and more parents handled matters this way, because it is effective as long as it is delicately handled (which it most certainly was).  Kudos to that employee.
2	Paid $75 for them to pick-up my burgundy sofa in very good condition and sell it on consignment in March of 2013. Sure wish they would send me an alert email when it sold, but you have to go to their store to check. I checked back in March of 2014 to discover that it sold for a price they didn't disclose to me, but they offered me either $87 cash or $130 store credit. I took the cash, but in the end I only netted $12 so I could have sold it on Craig's list for at least $100 or donated it. Big bummer!
4	Like the one on 44th street, excellent prices and service, carry high end brands at reasonable prices.  it is a little cramped, but for the great prices and designer Furniture , i can look over this.
