3	I was in Charlotte for an industry conference last summer.  My colleague, John, flew in from Toronto and I flew down from Boston.  We arrived late in the day and roamed around downtown looking for dinner on the Company's dime.  John suggested Uno's--he wanted something he couldn't get in Toronto.  I pointed out that if I wanted to eat at Uno's, I'd have stayed in Boston.  So we meandered some more on that stultifying evening but couldn't agree on anything until I saw the sign for the Graduate and said, "That looks sort divey!  Let's check it out, eh!"  (John's Canadian so I thought I'd make him feel at home by speaking like a McKenzie Brother.) "Right on!" John exclaimed.The Graduate amply filled our gustatory and cultural needs.  The place was clean if self-consciously dingy; the barmaids were hot.  A college cover band performed a passable rendition of a Green Day anthem before segueing into a more challenging Sublime ballad.  The buffalo tenders were hot, spicy and cheap, and the beer was even cheaper.John asked me to recommend an "American" beer and once I ascertained that Rolling Rock, Brubaker, and 'Gansett were not on the menu, and being kind of a jerk, I suggested Pabst Blue Ribbon: An American favorite if you happen to spend eight hours a day at General Motors, stamping pieces of metal with a drill press and need a refreshing pick-me-up before smacking around your wife and kids.The cute little waitress gave John a look bordering on horror, "You want PBR?" she asked incredulously.  "What's wrong with her?" John asked.  I murmured something about his choice offending her collegiate aesthetic.  "She's probably not used to real men ordering real beer," said I.As it turned out, John developed a liking for good old American PBR and asked for it wherever he went.  Boy was he pissed when someone explained where Pabst fell on the beer chain!What does this story have to do with the Graduate?  Not a hell of a lot but it was a good evening.  We got pretty smashed, ended up with something like a fifty dollar bill--including the tip--and were in fine shape for the start of our conference the next morning, where the evening cocktail reception contained a NASCAR theme and an open bar.  And who says insurance guys don't know how to have a good time, eh?
4	Great buffalo chichen sandwich, and a great beer selection.  Attentive staff and sportsbar-meets-college bar ambience.
4	Don't think this place is more than it is, it is supposed to be a 'college' bar in the middle of a banking heavy city. It is supposed to be sophomoric, fun, and well, a throw back to a time some people may miss. So throw off the tie/scarf and leave the day job behind and just enjoy some beers and wings or nachos and have a little fun, without over doing it.
2	Thinking about Matthew Broderick perhaps?  Erase that thought; this bar didn't really remind me of my college experience at all either.  There were too many meatheads, pompous jocks that I don't miss leaving behind in my old high school days.  Don't get your undies in a wad, I have plenty of friends that play sports and I like competitive sports as much as the next guy, but a lot of these regulars are stereotypical steroid freaks.  I am getting myself in trouble here, it very well could have been some kind of football after game outing.  I managed to meet an older brother that was into the Pistons, this was the highlight of the evening.  Either way, I am not taking the chance again with this place.
