5	I called Colburn Enterprises over 10 years ago to install a water softner for me.  Since then, I have been a loyal customer and have never ONCE thought I was over charged or taken advantage of.  They provide quality plumbing services and always leave the area they are working on in a very clean order.  I appreciate the honesty and top notch workmenship that Colburn has always provided.  If you need a plumber, this is a great choice.
5	My dishwasher hasn't been draining for months. I finally had enough money to get a new one. I decided to buy a dishwasher from my friend, as her mother had just passed and they were selling all the belongings in the house. I called Colburn to have them do the install. I originally set up my appointment for a Monday evening after I got off of work. A couple days later I realized that I had made a critical error! I had set up an appointment for install but not one for dismantling from my friends Moms place. So I then did when any tech savvy person does and youtubed how to uninstall a dishwasher. Within 30 to 60 seconds I realized that there was no way I would be able to uninstall the new dishwasher. I called up Colburn and explained what had happened and they were super nice. I rescheduled for a Sunday uninstall, install. They were so nice and on time, clean and efficient. They guy who came out even unclogged my sink for free. They are great! I will use they again and have already referred my friend to them. I recommend everyone to use these guys. In total for it cost me $230. There was no headache, the whole process went smoothly.
5	I have used Colburn a few times for routine plumbing repair. John is honest and does a great job. I continue to use them over and over when I need their services. We have 4 bathrooms and two water heaters a water softener and an RO system, I need to use them at least once a year now that our house is 15 years old. A++++
5	Really have to rate them top notch.  Wanted a water softner so gave them a call, a few days later John came out and helped me figure out what I needed.  Installed the soft water conditioner and discovered my plumming was screwed up was getting soft water everywhere, sprinkler, pool, kitchen sink.  Had to reschedule to get my plumming done right.   few dats later and after a few hours of replumming John gogt it right.  Everytime they came to the house they ensured I was more than satisfied.  I am happy with the work and will use them again if needed, they have my recommendation if anyone asks.
5	We needed a plumber to replace our pressure reducing valveA friend told me about Colburn Enterprise - best thing that could happen to usJohn came out check the valve - replaced it - asked use if we had any question on anythingGreat Guy - Great Service - Great priceI will be recommending Colburn Enterprises to all my friends and neighbors who might need a plumber!They are the best in my book by far!!
5	If you need a plumber make sure you call these guys. Jason was on time and did a great job. Gave there number to some friends of mine same kind of service. It is good to know that there are still company's that can fix the problems with no headaches.
5	Wow!  In a time during which I am all too often disappointed in customer service, I was pleasantly surprised with dealing with this company. I called to have my water softener repaired. The service rep, son of the owner, came out the very next day, on time, diagnosed and repaired the problem in less than an hour, answered all my questions, made sure everything else was in order, and charged a very reasonable price, especially with the 40 for 80 dollar deal that was running on Yelp. I'm so glad I cancelled the repair appointment with Sears. Last time they came out, we paid $75 to have the man tell ME how to fix it, which took two days of me breaking up salt chunks.  I will call Colburn again in a second if we have further issues. Oh, they specialize in water treatment, even work on the big casinos, so his knowledge level was encouraging to say the least.
3	Paid for the yelp coupon to have someone tell me that I needed a new water softener.  Glad that didn't cost me the normal $80.  The service person was ok.  He was nice but like I said, it wasn't worth the cost.
5	This is hands down the best plumbers in town, superior customer service and very good pricing. We use them for both our home and office and it's always fixed right the first time. If I could have given them 10 stars I would have!
5	Got home found water softner leaking. Called a few places and looked online. Saw the yelp reviews and decided to give a try since there's only good things about this place. Also. They had the $40 voucher .. What a deal since majority of all the places I called had around that a high cost to come by and check it out. Although Jeremy was backed up in prior appts the secretary updated me on what time he was able to come! I reAlly thought that was awesome! Great customer service! Jeremy was very helpful and explained what happened to my water softner. Very polite and friendly. Definitely will keep their # in hand for future reference/recommendations! Good prices!
5	If I could give more stars to this company I would!!!I needed a new kitchen faucet to replace my old one that was older, outdated, and breaking off pieces of metal on the inside of it .I called Colburn yesterday 11/20 and they said that they could come by in the morning. The lady who answered the phone was knowledgeable and answered all of my questions thoroughly.Today, 11/21 John came by my house right at the estimated time. He was knowledgeable and efficient. Right away I noticed he had on shoe covers! As a family with kids we do not wear shoes in our house. So when John showed up already respecting the home we live in by wearing shoe covers I was really won over. The whole thing took approximately 30 minutes. He answered all of my questions. And showed me how to operate my new faucet as well as gave me helpful advice to keep my other related appliances in tip top shape.Also HUGE POINTS for leaving everything clean afterwards and no mess. I was really impressed that he left the area he was working on as clean as before he came in.I highly recommend John and Colburn Enterprises and will be calling them again in the future with any other plumbing / contracting needs I may have!
5	The best, most honest, and nicest company ever. I called them and the woman on the phone was so kind, I explained my issue (shower handle broke, couldn't turn shower off) and she sent John right out to us, he was there within 30 minutes. He fixed us right up, we were back in business in less than an hour. They advised me to get the Yelp coupon, which I did. Their prices were fair and affordable, there service was excellent, and they are real professionals. Hopefully I won't need a plumber again, but if I do, I know who to call!
5	I just bought a house and moved to Las Vegas in December. I had high water bills and not knowing who to contact I decided to get several estimates. The first two companies wanted to replace the main water line without doing much to find the leak. The estimates were staggering. I saw the reviews for Colburn Enterprises on Yelp and called to see if they could come out for an estimate. John came within a few hours of my call. I expected him to do what the others had done, but he immediately looked for and located the leak. Within two hours he had fixed the leak. The cost was very reasonable and John was amazing both in his work and his professionalism. Thanks, John, for your great work. The five stars is well deserved for Colburn Enterprises.
5	We just moved into a new house three weeks ago and our hot water heater decided to spring a leak on a Sunday morning.  This company got good reviews on Yelp so we decided to give them a call.  Since it was a Sunday we were afraid we wouldn't be able to get anyone.  Amber called me right back and said she could have someone respond with half an hour.  The plumber that came over was extremely professional and knowledgeable.  He gave us suggestions on what we could do but we just wanted a new hot water heater so we could be confident that we wouldn't have another problem for a few years.  Of course he stopped the leak, drained the old heater and took it away.  The next day they arrived with a new heater much earlier than originally anticipated (yay).    The guy that installed the heater did the neatest and cleanest work that we've ever seen!  These were truly the most professional, efficient, and nicest plumbing company we've ever dealt with.  Needless to say we wouldn't think of calling anyone else in the future.
5	Outstanding and timely service. Reasonable prices and great work ethic.
5	I read the great reviews on this company and am glad I called them to take a look at my water softener that uses potassium tablets. I am very impressed!  Amber answered the call and was very patient as I tried to find a time that worked well for us on the weekend (even patiently waiting as I called my husband to check his schedule).  She was even kind enough to call when the guard in our gated community wouldn't let John the serviceman in on Sunday.  Most companies would have left without a call, leaving us wondering what happened. John was also very friendly and honest, letting us know the problem was simply the timer being off by 2 hours and that this type of water softener only needed to be serviced every 10 years (unlike the company that sold it to us who said it had to be serviced yearly). I really appreciate the great service by Colburn, which is often hard to find, and highly recommend this company!
5	My garbage disposal simply stopped working. I had no idea who to call but based on yelp reviews, called Colburn. John was amazing! On time, professional, courteous, very honest. He didn't try to sell me anything extra, no crazy rates, very fair and reliable. I would highly recommend!
5	Colburn Enterprises is great. Completely predictable pricing. Worked efficiently, and gets the job done right the first time. Amber in the office is awesome and very kind. We will use them in the future.
5	I can't say enough good things about Colburn. My kitchen sink broke over the weekend, I called Colburn first thing Monday morning. Judy was so sweet, she told me they could have someone out by the end of the day! John was able to fix my sink in under an hour. I was so grateful that he extended his hours and came out to help me. Come to find out they are a family owned and operated company!  Their customer service from start to finish was top notch. I found them on Yelp, read the reviews and was so happy I called them. John even put those little bootie covers on his shoes when he came into my house, which had nothing to do with my sink, but was a huge plus in my book. Highly recommended! Thank you again John and Judy. :o)
5	Colburn was the second water heater repair servicewe called . We had no hot water. The first one we called was Highly recommended on Yelp . They advised us without a comprehensive inspection that we should   replace the water heater. The cost  was. $2,200 .We were suspicious of this being the best solution. We then called Colburn a family  owned company. The tech John came the same day. He did a thorough diagnosis and found the problem.  He installed the part the next day as promised. The cost $127 including part  vs $2,200. The damaged part only cost $45. I highly recommend Colburn.
5	Colburn is awesome!  John just finished a service call at our house -- honest, reliable and truly cares about the homeowner.  Was able to fix our water softener and other plumbing issues -- and spent the time showing us how to operating everything.  Would highly recommend them to other homeowners.   We tried other plumbers and they simply wanted to replace items without taking the time to repair them -- John at Colburn saved us at least $1,500 in un-necessary replacements.   We will definitely use them in the future --- Betsy V
5	I called to have my water softener repair from damage caused by another company. John arrived on time and was very professional about repairing someone else's mistakes, even with me upset and watching over him. What a great experience, he had me feeling better about getting it fixed and he found the issue was not the part the other company was trying to sell me for a coupe hundred dollars. Thank you for your honesty and doing quality work!
5	Colburn enterprises is truly a company your can trust!! Called to have my water soft system looked at. It was leaking and not turning on. Spoke to Amber on the phone with in a couple of hours was able to send someone out between 4 and 6. John showed up at 3:45. John was great. Respectful, professional and extremely knowledgeable on the water system. He shared his knowledge with me to better understand the system. There was a crack in the value. John replaced it set up the system for a cleaning. No more leak!!! I also had a instant hot water value that was not working. John took it apart to see if it could be repaired. Going above and beyond. It needed to be replaced. John was able to order the part and will be back next week to replace it. I would suggest anyone who is in need of a professional, well priced, honest, knowledge and stands by there work to use Colburn enterprises!! Thanks again John and Amber!!
5	Awesome service, just had John here at my house. I called this morning expecting that I would have to wait a day or two, but they got me in today. John worked hard for 3 hours and I was very happy in the end. I will be calling them again when I need a plumber again, and have already given their info to my parents and brother.Give them a call, John will win you over.
5	John, the owner and his wife Amber are fantastic. They are a small family owned business and focus on quality and making sure customers are more than satisfied. I had a water softener which was not too old, stop working, and John came out to look through the system. Initially I was told that it might need a Re-Bed, which would have been a quite costly endeavor, but when JOhn looked over the stamps and dates on the system, he realized that wouldn't be the issue at all. He finally realized that there was a broken seal in one of the valves, and replaced this one. The real value of the service came in when he finished. He asked if there were any questions I would like to know about the system and he took the time to walk me through everything important on the system. He answered any questions I had and let me know about the expectations for the full cycle. What a great resource, since there isn't much you can find online to read about to educate the homeowner about their systems. I have another home in Vegas as a rental and would definitely call them back or use them at my other home if there are any issue. Thank you Colburn Enterprises.
5	John is so attentive to our needs and has come out to help us numerous times.  He has spent loads of time answering my same questions over and over again - he never gets frustrated at my lack of understanding he just keeps on helping me to understand our water issues and remedies available.  I love his no-sell approach which keeps him honest and lets me know I can trust him.  Thanks for everything, John!
5	Jeremy with Colburn came out today to fix a leaky pipe. He did great work and was a great guy. As a single female, I'm always hesitant to let anyone come to my house because I'm always afraid they'll try to rip me off. The exact opposite was true of this company. The price was lower than I thought and the work exemplary. Thanks, Colburn!
5	We are very pleased with our service received from Colburn Enterprises. We did not know any plumbers or who to call, so I read the great reviews online. They are all accurate, and we also had a positive experience as well. We had them come out to change a shutoff valve in garage, a faucet bib with copper line, and a bad faucet line inside bathroom under sink. John was fast, thorough, knowledable, and he is a true professional. I appreciate his honesty, and taking the time to explain and answers all the questions I had. I highly recommend this company. Very reasonable prices and done the right way. Thank you, we will use your company for future issues. Don M.
5	Services are reasonable priced and they are HONEST. They did not try to sell us unnecessary parts or services and they back up their work as well. Before Colburn, we had another plumber company (they advertise on the fwy billboards ("Yes, they can rip you off") come in to give an estimate.. What they quoted was 200% more expensive then what Colburn worked on for us. I called the office and asked why they are so expensive. The person on the phone told us that, "We are the best".... Well, I have to respond, "Best at ripping us off!" and hung up the phone up.Let's just say we will definitely use Colburn Enterprises again and again.
5	If buying a new water heater isn't a sign of adulthood, it should be. Luckily, Colburn Enterprises made the process so much easier. I woke up and had water coming from under my garage door. Further investigation found a leaking water heater. I called Colburn Enterprises in the early afternoon and Amber was helpful with trying to figure out type and size of my leaky heater. By 6pm, John had installed a brand spanking new water heater with a 6 year warranty and 1 year labor warranty to boot! John also repaired the crappy job the home builders did and was kind enough to explain to process to my husband. I would definitely recommend them.
5	Just had a water softener and reverse osmosis system installed by Jeremy.  He was friendly and professional. He explained what he was doing during the installation process and gave me some good pointers of what to expect as a homeowner. I like to ask questions and Jeremy was more than happy to answer them. The office staff was very nice as well,  Amber set me up with an appointment and Jeremy was here to install the next day. I am very satisfied with their work and would recommend them to anyone looking for similar services in the future.
5	Another successful service done by Colburn ent. Toilets were fixed. I no longer have to hear them running. Appointment was quick and easy to make. And service was inexpensive.
5	This review is long overdue.  My mother passed away in September and I have been back and forth to the house in Las Vegas.  Twice I had plumbing issues and John came promptly and fixed the problems.  I am at the house about every three weeks for a couple of days each time so when I need a plumber or other service, I can't wait several days for repair.  Excellent customer service!
5	I am extremely happy that I was able to find such a great plumbing company through Yelp! John came over on December 31, 2014 to fix my kitchen sink and water softener. I had been without running water in my kitchen for over a month and I was tired of dealing with the company that I have a warranty with. They just kept giving me the run around. I called the day before and his wife said they could get me in the very next day, I was so relieved to hear that, she gave me a time slot of 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m., he arrived around 2:40 p.m the next day. When I got home from work he had already fixed the problem in under 45 minutes, he still stuck around a little bit longer to make sure everything was running smoothly. John was able to fix our water softener issue, we bought a system through someone else a few months back and we were never able to get a pitcher of drinking water filled up, as the months went by we were getting less and less water until we completely stopped getting water. Then our faucet stopped working as well. It was a total nightmare but Colburn came to the rescue! We now have running water! I could wash dishes by hand again, no more pesky dishwasher to deal with. My water softener tank is also filled to it's capacity, I've never had that much water in the tank, only half or less.I highly recommend John and his company, they are reasonably priced, honest, friendly, and offer excellent service! Hopefully I never have any plumbing or water softener issues again but in case I do, I have his card on my fridge!
