5	We had breakfast, wow was it good. I had charizo and eggs very good, tried the french toast and it was like candy, out of this world good.  We were a big group and the sevice was good, the place is not that big but very good food.
2	Hmmm I'm gonna trrrrrry and be nice with this one.  You know those Grease Pit diners of the 60s n 70s?  Ya those one's with decent tasing food only because every single item on the menu was drenched in grease or butter.  Its kinda like that here.  The food was okay tasting, I had the Chorizo and Eggs, but I can't help but wonder how many morning runs its going to take in order to lose the fat ass I surely got after that breakfast.  Service on the other hand, well like those diners of the past that are still around they are typically full of "regulars" and so there is hardly a need for actual service from the wait-staff.  Between 4 of us waving down the 2 waitresses working, we managed to get both of their attention after about 5 minutes and only one bothered to come 5 min later to refill our drinks (in the other's defense after she took our order she went on a morning break, sat down and was eating breakfast -_-).Those of you boldly daring to venture into the thrilling and endlessly exciting town of Casa Grande....stick to the chain breakfast eateries for now if your thing is standard service and digestible food.
3	Home cookin at it's best. This place is a throwback to the 50s. Had a nice lunch here though the waitress (who saw us come in and told us to pick a table) did not "see" us for about 15 minutes after we sat down. I started to wonder if you had to be a "regular" to be served.  She did offer us free cookies for our trouble, so all was good. The menu is mostly salads and sandwiches.  I got chicken salad with walnuts.  It was good, but with heavy dressing.  Also, the walnuts were soft indicating to me that the salad had been made sometime in the past (hopefully not the 50s).  Cookies were awesome - more so since they were free...
1	Sorry folks, but this place needs a major renovation. It could be a cool '50s-type restaurant if they would spend a little money to clean it up. The food is greasy, and some of the waitresses are sporting tattoos and multiple piercings - a major turnoff for the food industry in my opinion. Try Big House Cafe down the street if you want a good breakfast at a good price in a clean environment. Pass this one by.
4	I see a few of the previous reviews discussing issues with service, but I have always had good service at this place.  I have only been in a handful of times, but we never have to wait very long to be helped, and the staff is very friendly.I have only ordered salads there, but I've enjoyed the three that I've tried (Maggie's, Jamaican Jerk Chicken, and Greek).  The salad dressing always comes on the side, which is perfect, because that is how I like to order salads (so I can control the amount of dressing.)  My husband loves the pulled pork, although it's popular and sells out pretty quickly from our experience.
4	Cook E Jar is located in the historic 2 blocks of Casa Grande.  It is a local favorite that has some great cookies and some good eats. I had probably the best tasting BLT I have had in ages.  The service was great.
5	The cookie Jar is a small family owned cafe in downtown Casa Grande. My wife and I have been eating there for roughly 5 years. We were bummed when they stopped serving dinner a few years ago but understood because we were usually the only people in the restaurant for dinner. They still serve breakfast and lunch though. We have had several things on the menu and two things stand out. The Cuban sandwich is the best you can find in Arizona! The steak quesadilla is excellent also. We have always had good service.
4	Really good breakfast spot!  At times the two-waitress-wait-staff can get overwhelmed and your water glass may go empty for a while.  But the food is good.  My usual order goes as follows: M/R steak and eggs, hashbrowns well done, 1/2 order biscuits and gravy, pancakes, 2 slices of wheat toast and some coffee.  Gets me over my hangover every time! Everything is always cooked the way it was ordered and fresh.  They also make fresh pastries on sight, but never had the room for 'em at the end of the meal. One of these days Alice...
5	Wow this place is really special! We tried a nice variety of breakfast food, all was 5 stars. chorizo and eggs: we are chorizo and eggs enthusiast but like it mexican style. Asked the waitress if that is how they are served here and she said yes. And they were amazing! Even better than other real Mexican restaurantsfrench toast: looks like when you get it is gonna be nasty too thin. But the dip they use on it of "french" or whatever you wanna call it has a tasty cinnamon / vanilla flavor. Really good, and the maple syrup they give you is tasty.biscuits and gravy: wonderful, perfect biscuits and delicious sauce. Not greasy at all.cookies: tried the chocolate chip and chocolate cookies. Both were nice and fresh and not too cooked and not under cooked either.
2	Food is good but not the waitresses.  Phyco waitress won't refill your coffee.  Weekend waitresses are to busy gabbing about their personal life's.     Service not good
5	This is a family owned local restaurant at it's best. If you like to explore and support locally owned businesses, you should definitely give this one a try. They have a big menu and I have tried breakfast and lunch and both were excellent, but the breakfast is particularly good. I love the breakfast burrito. (to the reviewer that complained about the greasy chorizo...hello, it is chorizo, chorizo is sausage). I would go out of my way to stop and eat here whenever in the general area.
5	This is the best restaurant in town for breakfast  and lunch!!! Good home cooking!
5	I love this place, the breakfast burros are the best I have ever had.   For lunch, there is a broad selection which should please everyone in the group.  My kids always want to stop here when we drive to Phoenix or San Diego, it is always worth a stop.  The cookies are awesome too1
5	Cook E Jar is a uniquely independent restaurant that serves as a cornerstone of the best of what a small historic downtown Casa Grande can be. The food is always delicious and plentiful.  The service is great too. The support they give to other local businesses is fantastic.  If you want a good meal with some good treats, you must go when in Casa Grande!
5	Food is awesome and priced right menu is very extensive for such a small place
2	Went last Sunday waited an hour after ordering and waitress never said any thing to us so we asked for a take out and that took another 15 min food was ok but how about some communication
5	for breakfast or lunch this is the place to menu is very extensive for a smaller place and food is awesome
5	On my first trip here I had a very good one, I beat the lunch time rush hour and I ordered a bacon cheese burger. The burger was cooked to order, and very delicious! I wanna come back here during breakfast hours so I can try out a few things I saw on the menu. I have had some bad experiences with local cafes in the past, but I will be back to this location in the future as long as a certain waitress is there to help me, Erin :-)
5	The best chorizo and eggs I've ever had! I go with my family every time I'm in the area. The waitresses are very friendly and the service is excellent. If you're looking for a delicious, home cooked meal, make sure you try this place out! Make sure you get a cookie, they're the best! Especially the snicker doodles!
5	This place is a classic cafe. From the friendly wait staff who treat you like family, to the delicious food! Me and family stop here every time we get the chance and we are never disappointed! They have a large menu that my whole family enjoys. My personal favorites for breakfast have to be the biscuits and gravy, breakfast burrito, or chorizo and eggs. And the French toast. And well, everything else! They have a huge selection of salads and sandwiches if you're in town for lunch, all of which are simply divine! You have got to make a special stop for this place it is most definitely worth it!:)
5	What a great local place for breakfast, food was simple but prepared perfectly. Our server, Beth, had a great sense of humor and only added to the overall experience.  Five minutes after our family walked in we felt like locals.  Hats off to the Cookie jar and Beth!
4	Back at the Cook E Jar again! Small, casual, comfy diner with a bit of an eclectic flair. The food here is always good. And the baked treats are mouth watering. Try the cookies. (It is in their name after all!). The staff is friendly enough but will leave you to your food & work if you are a "work through my meals" person like I am.  There are also a few good artisan shops within strolling distance to walk off the meal.!
4	This was a really good place. Overall good food, service was really good, was a little bit noisy. In a very nice neighborhood with cobblestone streets. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good restaurant.
1	I came here with high expectations since so many friends recommended it. However, I was a little disappointed. I ordered a chicken salad and the chicken was dry. It kind of reminded me of the      pre-made chicken that you can buy in the freezer aisle and just pop it in the microwave to re-heat. Very displeasing.You can tell that this place has been here for quite sometime. It was really out dated. Needs a renovation and management/staff to clean up the place. I don't think I'll be coming back. Only good thing about this place is the cookies considering the name.
4	The food here is always good. And the baked treats are mouth watering. Try the cookies. (It is in their name after all!).The staff is friendly enough but will leave you to your food & work if you are a "work through my meals" person like I am.  There are also a few good artisan shops within strolling distance to walk off the meal.!
4	Went here for breakfast for the first time in a long, long time and I have to say I really liked it.  The food was good and hot and very reasonably priced.  My wife and I both had the Biscuits and Gravy Combo.  Biscuits and Gravy, eggs and hashbrowns and coffee.  Will go back.
4	No doubt food was very awesome and service also very nice.
