4	I am not normally an office store visitor, but recently I stopped at the shiny new Staples on GV Pkwy and Horizon Ridge, was unlucky with what I sought, failed at Target, and settled at Office Depot on Eastern and Silverado Ranch.  Today I needed some edged blades to remove old stickers on my car.  I went to Office Max and was thoroughly impressed with the cleanliness of the store, the friendly employees, and the really interesting items I found.Without help I immediately located the blades I needed, but came across a clearance area with....travel shaving cream!?!?! at 50 cents each!?!??! so I grabbed 3 of those, then saw a cool portfolio thing, and then packing tape...and then my hands were full!  An employee offered me a cart, but I decided that I should stop browsing or I would buy the whole store!It was rather peaceful in there, with a nice layout, and I think this is my go-to office supply store from now on!
3	I came here today to finish a work project with me and some coworkers in the printing department.  I've been to this area many times and every time I visit, there seems to be different employees.  Must have a high turnover rate...  Well, the woman that helped us was very nice.  She was very patient with pricing and made sure we chose the best route with our materials.  Let's be honest, we were a pain!  I appreciated her willingness to walk us through all options.  There's a female manager in the printing department with a Northeast accent, more like a New York accent.  She was helping a customer at the moment by the register area.  Meanwhile, me and my coworkers took up a large counter space and made an assembly line in order to complete our project.  The manager approached us and made a back-handed comment like, "oh how nice, all my counter space is taken..." I responded with, "oh did you need us to move?"  She then said, "oh no, no, no.  You're fine."  To me, I thought, well, tell us how you really feel?!  If there was no problem, you wouldn't have made that sassy comment in the first place. Ok, that's my only rant. If you need a one stop shop when it comes to office 'stuff,' OfficeMax is your place.  Located in a high traffic area.  Super convenient.  Uhhh...I guess that's it...
4	I joined Maxperks Rewards after my first visit after telling my dad about my office supply store of choice decision.  He is a member and said it literally pays back in Dividends, kind of like REI but it is free to be a member!As an educator, I joined Maxperks rewards for teachers, which only requires an email address from your work email where you teach.  After spending $75 there is some sort of big reward.  I have not gotten to that point yet, but I just earned my first QUARTERLY dividend!  One way to earn dividends/rewards is by recycling ink cartridges.  Until this week, Office Max gave $3 per cartridge.  Now it is $2, but whatever, I will take it!  I have recycled several cartridges and I think that is why I earned $9 from my last round.I came in today carrying 2 more to recycle plus with this week's 20% coupon for any purchase.  I could not find my printed out reward certificate so the staff let me print it on one of their computers at the front.So here I am about to earn $4 for the next quarter, plus I have 20% off and $9 "free."  I didn't really need anything so I decided on cushioned mailers (so I don't have to buy those ready posts at USPS anymore!) and then I saw metallic cardstock and the girlieness came out!  Something perhaps odd or maybe not to you about me is that my favorite color is copper.  I saw metallic copper cardstock and I wanted it!  However, unlike silver or gold, which I suppose is more "normal" for metal lovers, copper did not come in its own pack...so I had to get a 4 color pack of metallic cardstock to get 1/4th copper.  I have no idea if I will ever actually use it, but with the deal and the credit, I was rollin' in the metal.Awkward at checkout: There is a sign that says something like "if the cashier does not mention this deal about the paper sitting by this sign, help yourself to a free drink in our cold case."  Well, the cashier never mentioned the deal, but why make him feel bad about it and say something?  and if I don't say something and go grab a coke, I might be accused of theft!  So don't put a sign like that up, Office Max!  AWK-ward!
5	I am a fan. Recently I was in and I needed a laptop with windows 7 (don't ask). It was very difficult I had been all over and no dice. Office Max not only had one but the sales associate spent a lot of time with me explaining the difference between the models I was looking at. They also have a great loyalty program. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I have only been in this OfficeMax twice. The first time was a coupe years ago and the second time today. I went in searching for some printer ink, found the section okay, everything was marked clearly and laid out well. 2 stars for the store. After only standing there a minute a store associate asked me if I was finding everything alright. I was fine so they went on their way. 1 star for that. I was still standing there browsing, curious if they had their OfficeMax branded printer ink for Epson printers. I didn't see any but when a different associate walked by and asked if I was finding everything okay, I decided to ask. Here is where I encountered my first problem. He said "No, no one is going to make recycled ink for Epson printers.". Sounds okay, right? The delivery though is what got me. Tone of voice says a lot. So,-1 star. I browsed a little more and heard a snippy older lady asking about headphones. Yet another sales associate had a whole lot of attitude with this lady. Yes, she was being bitchy, but this associate barely gave her the time of day and had a ton of attitude to go along with it. I even heard another customer say something about poor customer service, referring to the same incident with the older lady. So -1 star. Overall- store is okay as long as you don't need help. Moderately priced, my ink cartridge was $20 and change after tax.
4	This OfficeMax is one of the bigger locations I've gone to.  It's also fairly busy too. When it comes to my favorite office supply store, it's Staples.  Joke only.  Yes, it's OfficeMax of course.  My main reason...I get the best service at them.  Staples, Office Depot, and OfficeMax all tend to have the same goods and services.  But it appears to me that OfficeMax treats me better.  At this location, it's no different.  As soon as I walk in, I'm greeted.  There's always associates on the floor to also assist with your needs.  Now for the big plus, I get a pretty decent business discount from them.  I can't use it for personal use or share it with friends, but it sure helps to keep my work expenses low. OfficeMax is great for printing, binding, and organizing my meeting presentations.  In some cases, I simply drop off what I need done, give a couple of instructions, and pick it up when it's done.  Never a hitch, always satisfied when I get back.  My only issue with this location is that I wish they had a separate copy center like the North Rainbow location near Summerlin.
2	I went in to print something from my email and the lady said they charge $2.30 to use the Internet for 15 minutes I was like WHAT?  I can go to Staples and they let you use it for free. So I was able to locate an open Wi-Fi and used my tablet since I didn't have my cell phone. That's ridicules who charges for Internet these days??
5	The staff has always helped me as I hunt for my items and one person in particular seems to know where everything is and works very hard to help the other staff. They always take care of my business cards and they are usually ready in 7 days thanks for all your help.
