5	Dr. Jenista is fantastic. He is clear and concise with his dental plans and a perfectionist with all of his work. More importantly, he has a wonderful support staff working with him. Kim, one of the hygienists, does everything she can to make you feel comfortable and at ease in the chair. For example, the other day when I was getting my teeth cleaned she noticed I was shivering. Instead of ignoring it, she brought over a soft blanket and covered me! It's little things like that that make a dreaded trip to the dentist that much more enjoyable. Other positive: I've never waited longer than 5 minutes in the waiting room. Big plus for a busy woman!
2	I have been a patient for 10 years and probably won't be anymore. The hygienists and receptionists are a fantastic staff but I find Dr. Jenista to be consistently half-assed and unfriendly. He seems more interested in getting you out the door and collecting the bill then building rapport with his long-time patients. This afternoon was the last straw: He was following up on a concern I had about my tooth the last time I was in there and while discussing it with me he was very condescending and made me feel like an idiot for even bringing it up. I didn't realize being concerned about a possible tooth issue was not appropriate to discuss with my dentist! Lesson learned. After that ordeal he proceeded to bad-mouth another patient to the receptionist which I find to be extremely unprofessional to do when anyone other than staff is present. There have been other issues but I won't rant about it here. The main point to take from this is that while he may offer several options, the personal touch is just not there and I have never walked out of there feeling like a valued patient (not to mention- my entire family has also decided to look for another dentist for the same reasons). I want to point out, though, that the rest of the staff is very pleasant and are a joy to be around so- aside from dealing with Dr. Jenista you will be treated well.
4	I have been a patient of Dr. Jenista's for over a year now and have always been very pleased with my experiences with him and his office staff.  Many years ago I was a dental assistant and know the business well.Another review mentioned that he is not very personable.  My opinion is I am not looking for a best friend as my dentist.  I am looking for an excellent dentist that is exact and pays close attention to details. Dr. Jenista fits these requirements perfectly!  He is a perfectionist and is overall a quiet man who is always polite and just does his job and does it well.  I totally trust him with my teeth and mouth and highly recommend him and his staff.  Who cares if he doesn't chat much?  I find him to be caring and knows his business well.  His office staff is great and very competent.  Kim his main assistant is wonderful and very talented and precise as well.  She makes the best temporary crowns you can imagine.If you are looking for a no nonsense dentist that takes pride in his work and delivers excellent dental care..............then Dr. Jenista is your man!
5	I have been a patient for 3 years now and think that Dr Jenista does a great job. I would not go anywhere else. When faced with a dental decision he chooses the option that most favorable to the patient. I agree with a previous review that states he is a caring dentist as well as a prefectionist, two traits that serve the professional well. You will not be disappointed with your care when choosing Dr Jennista.
