1	I was a fan of TCF Bank back in Illinois. They had them in the major grocery chains and they offered free online access and no fees back when the other banks were charging for that. In Arizona, however, their branches are quite scattered and it's a pain to find any. This one in particular is a nightmare to get to due to its placement in Tempe Marketplace. And because there are no branches to be found, there are no free ATMs to use either. As for the fees, they recently started hitting me for $9.95 a month with no explanation why. When I closed my account, citing the fees as the reason, the teller replied "You know, all of the banks will be charging fees soon." Yeah, I can see how important I was as a customer. I told him I bank with ING Direct, who charges no fees for anything, and he just replied "Oh." And here's another kicker; if you opened your account in another state, you can't use any of their ATMs in any other state for free. Apparently TCF is a regional bank, despite having locations nationwide. Their systems aren't linked either; if I didn't have my account number with me, they would have to call the Illinois branch to get it, which was never a quick process. Sure I could have opened an account in Arizona, but what's the point of doing that when the bank is so inconvenient to use?I'll stick with the truly free online banking through ING Direct (complete with free ATMs nearly everywhere) and stomach Chase for my local branch since they don't charge me anything to bank with them. They also have free ATMs and a lot of branches available nationwide.
1	Have had nothing but difficulty with this bank, they got my business by claiming that they were a real "community" type bank. They are not, all employees we met with when we opened the account have been replaced a couple of times. Judging by the high turnover and the lack of intelligence in half of the staff, i think i will be moving to a Credit Union as soon as my partner gets back to town and we can move the business account.
5	Well read the other reviews of this bank. They are not good. However, i have always had a very good experiance here. True they are spread out,not too close to where i live or work. However, you can do a lot on line.  I have been in here several times and always had good customer service. Maybe i am lucky i never had to deal with Mrs. Torres.....They at this time will give you a $100.00 if you open an acct. very much like Chase.   I have referred 2 people and they have been happy with there change. Look into them and give them a try, maybe you too will like it.
1	I've had an account for about 5 or 6  months. Today I plan to close it.  The idea of extended business hours pulled me in.  However what they don't tell you is the operate on midwestern hours so when you bank after 3pm local time things are posted as being done the next business day.  The issue I have is I saw my account was in overdraft and raced to cover it before the close of the local business day. However I was informed I would still be charged the $37 OD fee on a couple of dollars mishap.   I thought at a previous occassion that the amount was $5 or under I would not be hit with an OD fee for any bank but learned that was not the case with this bank.Today I discovered my mgmt company hacked my account to collect a $25 fee I refused to pay.  I have never paid them with bill pay. I have only hand writtenb a check or paid with a money order. TCF refuses to accept these facts and wants me to pay $32 stop payment or to allow the bill pay check to go through and then dispute it.  As I told them I am not working and $25 can create a nightmare of OD fees for me in the meantime.  My only resort is to close the account.  Cancel the legitmate bill pays I have in que and to pay my bills via a different bank account, MO or cash.  And to eat the cost of the checks I ordered when opening the account barely 6 months ago.  Along with the 3 unfair OD fees for accounting errors I tried to correct in the 1st 24 hours of noticing them.The staff is not friendly at this location andeveryone claims their hands are tied buy bank policy or the time difference when I have an issue.Also please note I can seldom get the online statements to open!  As is the case today.
5	I've banked with TCF for 2 years now. I have had absolutely no issues with them. They have free coin counting, which i use quite a bit since the abyss of my purse collects 10 lbs of change in no time at all. they stay open 7 days a week, which i tend to only like to go to the bank on Sunday so this is awesome too. ABOVE ALL, TCF has the option when you sign up to opt in or out of overdrafts. Opting in, means they will pay merchant or check recipient for your overdrafts but charge you a fee, or Opting out meaning when you run out of money, your card stops working so you don't rack up 3 overdraft fees for your $6 Starbucks Lattes if you're anything like me. TCF has truly been a godsend. I will never bank with anyone else!
1	This is the worst bank I've ever banked with in my entire life!!!!! They say TCF Stands for customer comes first... It's could not be more off!!!! Should've known from the start of signing up with them they were a huge mistake to go with! Nothing but problems in getting my debit card,The customer service I have experienced is absolutely horrible, and now they hit me with three overdraft fees in a row!!! Seriously just want to cancel this bank account now I can't because I'm hostage to paying them over $100 in overdraft fees!!!!! I am very careful about my spending money so to have three overdraft fees seems absolutely ridiculous!!!! Out of people signed up at my work with this bank, models every single one of them have already closed their account because of issues they've had with this bank. Everyone should do themselves a favor and skip this bank when considering their banking options!!!!
3	I banked with TCF for roughly 5 years while I lived in Arizona.   I initially selected them because they opened a branch near my home, and 7 days a week is a big draw.   Add to that little things like a free coin counting service and they are very appealing.   I have had two negative experiences with TCF.   The first occasion was when I had just moved into a new place and I went to a third party atm so that my roommate and I could put money together for a money order to pay the rent. That ATM malfunctioned and never gave me my money so I took my receipt and went into the bank to resolve the issue. For whatever reason the receipt had a different time stamping than what was in their system and they refused to correct it and I had to pay a late fee on my rent. Needless to say, I was pretty pissed off. Other than that, the only problem I have had with them was when I moved out of state. I recently moved to Washington and of course I kept my bank account with TCF while I was making the move so that I didn't have any issues while I was driving for 4 days. However, when I got here of course there were no local branches so I had to get a new account. When I attempted to close my TCF account, they refused to do so over the phone and informed for me that I had to send a notarized letter to them. I think this is complete b******* . My best recommendation to you would you be very careful how you deal with them they have great services but they are very local bank and if you run into any issues with them they're just going to make you wait. By the way, I was unable to use my debit card in the entire state of Oregon unless I use a pin code. That means, I was unable to use it at any gas station. Pain in the neck.  I should also mention that their customer service agents in Minnesota can be very difficult to understand and they are rather ignoramus. The last one I spoke to sounded like she had marbles in her mouth and just went on and on with endless details I did not need to hear while I  attempted to get the pertinent information out of her feeble mind.
