5	Kai RestaurantTop-Voted Scottsdale Restaurants...  top notch in every way! unbelievable views at sunset.Kai, meaning 'seed' in the Pima language, features a menu rich in creativity, history and Native American culture. Kai Restaurant is the recent recipient of AAA's highly distinguished Five Diamond Award. Executive Chef Michael O'Dowd and Native American Chef de Cuisine Jack Strong incorporate the essence of the Pima and Maricopa tribes and locally farmed ingredients from the Gila River Indian Community to create unforgettable masterpieces. James Beard Award-winning Chef Janos Wilder is consulting chef for Kai and is renowned for creating unique and indigenous menu experiences. Open for dinner Tuesday through Saturday, reservations are recommended. Kai maintains a smart business casual dress code. No denim preferred. Shorts, and hats not allowed  Kai, a restaurant at Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort & Spa on the Gila River Reservation, joined the prestigious list of top-rated restaurants in Arizona four years after opening its doors. It's the first tribe-owned and Sheraton-operated restaurant to make the national list. At Kai, waiters serve and take away every plate at the same time for every diner at a table. They call every diner by name and place mints and personal thank-you notes inside guests' cars or hotel rooms.
5	If you're looking for somewhere really fantastic to go to for a special occasion, Kai is a very good choice.  Sure, it's spendy, but if you can get past that, you'll have an awesome time and a really superb meal.First off, you'll need to make reservations pretty well in advance.  I was lucky enough to get a table only a week out, but you should try to get a reservation at least two weeks or so in advance or else you might not get one.  If it's a good time of the year (read: not summer), make sure to request a seat outside on the patio, as it's beautiful out there.  Don't worry about getting cold if it's winter, as they have heaters outside to keep you warm.The menu here has a wide variety of choices, and everything is really fancy and unique.  There are a few salads, a bunch of appetizers, and some really great entrees and desserts.  In addition to what you order, the wait staff brings out a bunch of different complementary things as well - fresh breads, various small things to snack on, palate cleansers, etc.  I really don't feel like I can write a review that does justice to how awesome this place is, and I'd recommend you read the Feasting in Phoenix review of Kai to get a better idea of what to expect.  It's at:http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=213I had never eaten at a five-diamond restaurant before this and really didn't know what to expect, but Kai was really an awesome experience and I'm very happy I went there.  They have fantastic food (the buffalo steak entree is AMAZING), great drinks, and probably the best service you'll ever have anywhere.  The view from the patio is awesome, and if you can get a reservation around the time the sun is setting, it'll be just that much better.  Just be prepared to drop a good amount of money - if each person gets a drink, an appetizer, and an entree, you'll probably very easily spend $70-100 per person.Very, very highly recommended.
5	This restaurant is by the far the most unique restaurant I have ever eaten at.  I love the concept...taking the vernacular of southwest, native american flavors and incorporating it into fine cuisine.  The heart of this restuarant is the fact that they use local seeds, local flowers, local everything to make the food so extraordinary.  I always request the corner table at teh junction of the 2 windows at aorund 5:30 pm to get the best sunset views possible.  Then the experience begins...every waiter knows your name, everything is not overlooked, food is beyond exceptional, and the location is classic AZ.  If I could, I would add another diamond on top of the 5 it's already received.  Thank you Kai and Sheraton WHP for putting together an unforgettable restaurant.
5	It truly is as good as it gets here.Honestly.The servers sweep the floor.The food is perfectionThe ambiance is classy without being pretentiousThey value and carry forth many native customs, foods, etcI love Kai.  I think it's well worth the money.It's more than dinner, it's an experience!
5	I ate here for a business meeting - I knew it was a nice restaurant but am ashamed to admit I did not know it was a AAA 5-diamond. I was a little taken aback but the decor is so simple so you would never know it when walking it. What you immediately notice is the service and attention to detail. The hand-painted menus, Pima language in your introduction, and courses representing life's journey. They had me at "would you like a slice of key lime, cucumber, lemon, tangerine, cucumber...for your water?" ....now that's attention to detail. The chef sent out a special amuse bouche of buffalo tartar - I don't remember .I had the heirloom tomato, goat cheese & marscapone tart - it was the size of a muffin tin but I could have eaten a pie plate full. It was a delightful layering of sweet, creamy and tangy and the "black ice" was black gold - sprinkled ice crystals of reduced balsamic magic. Another special chef treat was a palate cleanser of pomegranate and pepper sorbet served in a small metal bird's nest like dish. I skipped the rest of the journey and went straight for the buffalo tenderloin. I have never had buffalo like this...buttery medium-rare with local flavors of saguaro blossom and cholla buds. Coffee was served tableside in individual French presses - my favorite. (Maybe I'm not such a country girl after all)  3 hour dinner, too bad I didn't valet park and get the thank you gifts mentioned in other reviews!Most people probably can't get over the price - it was amusing to see different guests (ages, socioeconomic status, etc.) and their attitudes toward the experience.  All dress seems to be welcome - I had to laugh because there was a couple that totally looked like the Carl's Jr .steak sandwich commercial - she's in a bright blue spandex dress and he's in campshirt  and shorts....Arizona is casual but have some respect. My country upbringing and lack of exquisite dining experience was growing uneasy with the constant service, being called Ms. all night long, etc. but I slipped into the luxury quite easily...life is good, exceptional food is bliss and Kai should be a goal for everyone to splurge on.
5	When I travel, I always try to eat as much native food as I can. Otherwise what's the point of travelling if you don't try to experience some of the local culture and cuisine. I was therefore excited to find a fine dining restaurant offering local native Indian cuisine rather than the ubiquitous tex mex of the southwest.Well, I enjoyed one of the best dining experiences of my life here, not just best native Indian dining experience.The restaurant is located on the Wild Horse Resort complex, which is a native Indian resort offering casino & golf as well as hotel facilities. My only problem was navigating the huge complex and my only criticism was that the signposting to the hotel/restaurant was poor, something which I mentioned to the staff and received a promise that the problem had already been identified and was being dealt with. Just in case it still hasn't, head for the golf clubhouse and keep going beyond that despite the lack of signage!There is valet parking available but self parking is no problem. The hotel itself is spacious and Kai is located on the ground floor. Kai is the Pima word for seed and there are many obvious native Indian influences, reflected in many aspects of  the design and architecture - this is all explained in the restaurant menu and is obviously an aspect of the experience that they're very rightly proud of here.The restaurant has been recently refurbished to a very high standard. The tables are well spaced out and everything reeks of top quality - for example, the menus are printed on embossed paper.I think the way to sum up this amazing restaurant is 'attention to detail'. I've been lucky to dine in 3 Michelin star establishments but nowhere in the whole world I've visited beats Kai for attention to detail. Everyone knew my name from my reservation. Cutlery restocked from different sides of the table. New napkins for every visit to the restroom. Crockery and cutlery warmed or chilled to appropriate temperature for every dish!!The service is also friendly and very informative. There is also great drama with the food and choreography to the service. Foie gras is bruleed at the tableside. Soups are decanted into bowls from pitchers. Multiple waiters coordinate simultaneous delivery of dishes to multiple diner tables.My server kindly arranged a fresh orange juice. Then came another moment which sums up this amazing restaurant - I was offered fruit accompaniments with my glass of regular water!Onto the food.  I went for the tasting menu with its interesting choice of ingedients and combinations. I was pleased to see that the choice of breads included local Indian flatbread - a local Indian chief came into the kitchen to show the chefs how to make it. This was served with a first rate fruity olive oil.1. Amuse of buffalo tartare with cornbread crisp, crisp microgreens and balsamic vinegar. The buffalo was more gamey than normal beef and the balsamic vinegar was an excellent foil.2. Avocado panna cota toped with shrimp ceviche. The server poured over a papaya and mango soup at the table. My first huge smile moment when I found my chilled spoon! This was a dish which intrigued me from its unlikely combination of such disparate ingredients and it worked!! The smooth avocado was a perfect base for the tangy ceviche and the fruit soup wasn't too sweet but the subtleties of the papaya and mango were definitely evident flavours.3. For a carnivore, I was amazed at the great salad which followed -  the menu told me that the lettuces had been picked by local farmers and children of the Gila Crossing School. The salad had a chilli dressing. It was accompanied by date cake with foie gras (yum!), Humboult Fog goat cheese and heirloom tomato with candied walnut.4. Baja scallop topped with dried mango and sandalwood dust. The sandalwood gave the dish a powerful aromatic introduction, which activated all my salivary glands. An unusual use of what is usually used in incense sticks. The giant sweet scallop was served with bean puree, fried salsify and fennel pollen.5. Seared foie gras with macerated huckleberry and a fig in filo pastry. If you've read my other reviews, you'll know that you can't go wrong with seared foie gras with me!6. Palate cleanser of guava with fennel sorbet and mango sauce.7. Grilled tenderloin of buffalo from the Cheyenne River Tribe. The meat was open and evenly textured, tender with a nice gamey flavour. The plate was completed with a chorizo and corn cake and a morel mushroom mix.8. Lamb with pecan crust with chocolate and chilli sauce. Chocoalte with chilli has become mainstream and I wonder if this is where it originated.9. Cheese. Belgian soft cheese and a Tasmanian cheddar.10. Medley of desserts. Corn creme brulee. Fig bread with chocolate ice cream inside. Italian meringue bruleed tableside with fruit.Also lovely to chat to chef de cuisine Jack Strong after the meal.
5	This was an unbelievable dining experience. The food was amazing. The service was...  The service was so good it was ridiculous. Going to a typical restaurant again after experiencing Kai is just depressing.But you do pay for it. Still 5 stars, still worth every penny we paid... but there's no denying that it was a whole lot of pennies to pay.
5	This place is really great. Yes, it is expensive.  But seriously worth it. Multiple servers sweep around you to deliver your dishes. You get frozen forks and knives with your apps, warm ones with your entrees, and one of each with your dessert.  When you sit down you get water with your choice of cherries/lemon/cucumber. Then really great bread. Everything is delivered so elegantly. I have never had better service anywhere. As for food, I had the tart appetizer. It was a little weird.  There was a balsamic ice on it.  Interesting, but not my favorite thing. I had the elk for dinner.  Wow.  So good. I think it is one of the best entrees that I have ever had. So amazing.  Husband has the buffalo.  Also awesome. We were nervous about getting game, but I am so glad we did. So good. Also, this place really does a lot of nice extras. There was a sweet bread amuse, a sorbet palate cleanser, and truffles when we were done. Also, they recognize that Phoenix water is gross and their table water is really nice bottled water. PLus, the view is stunning.  It would be awesome to sit outside in the winter.  Overall, if you are looking for a nice, unique special dinner, this place is really a great place to go. Really a wonderful experience.
5	We were well taken care of from the moment we arrived at the restaurant.  I loved how each menu was painted by a local and unique.I enjoyed having a fresh slice of peach in my bottled water.  They have small glasses the water is served in and each time your glass gets 1/2 full the waiter comes and fills it up.  It seems they made a dozen trips just for water between my husband and I.  Very amusing.The chef prepared vegetarian items for me that weren't even on the menu.  So delicious!!  I did have the tart as an appetizer and loved how the textures and flavors worked together.  I could eat one everyday.  The balsamic ice was great on it. The palate cleanser really stood out to my husband and I- strawberry chipotle sorbet.  Sweet but burned your tounge.  Mmm.  We did not order dessert but were brought a frozen chocolate mouse cake and truffles anyway.  Both were very good.  When we returned to our room at the resort there was a box of chocolates waiting for us as well.Our total came to $210 for two people with one alcoholic beverage each.
5	When was the last time you saw a restaurant where every single reviewer agreed on the rating - and they were all 5 stars?  If you are thinking about eating here, and wondering if it is really as good as everyone says, then stop wondering.  The answer is "yes, it really IS that good."The experience starts at the bar where the selection of signature drinks is full of unique ingredients that you will not find anywhere else.  Truffle martinis, ancho-chili infused house-made vodka, mesquite syrup, and a variety of other unique ingredients should start to tell you that you are in for a special experience.Service is impeccable, from the hostess stand to the bar to the restaurant.  The experience builds as the servers share the story of the Maricopa and Pima Indians and the history that acts as the influence for the restaurant.  The entire meal is like a well choreographed play, flawless in every respect.The food can be best described in one way - flavor combinations.  The pairing of quince and foie gras or chorizo with cholla buds and corn puree simply "works".  Each ingredient, although delicious is its own right, is heightened and enhanced by the others.I could go on and on about the details, but I really believe that you need to experience it for yourself.  There is no point in spoiling the experience for a first time diner.  Just know that the reputation is not hype - this place is for real.
5	If ever a Phoenix area restaurant were deserving of 6 stars, this is it. Kai is one of the most exceptional dining experiences you'll ever have. It starts with complimentary valet, then walking into the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort's beautiful lobby, with murals on the ceiling and a large fountain representing the Gila River, and finally to the hostess desk, where you're greeted with a smile and a warm welcome. The dining room at Kai is casually elegant and boasts beautiful views - be sure to go before sunset. You'll also notice the lovely paintings by a Native artist, which also decorate the front of the menus. But what really sets Kai apart from the rest of the wonderful foodie destinations in the city is the extraordinary service. From the choice of four accompaniments for your water at the beginning of your night to having your car ready for you out front with two bottles of Voss, chocolates, and a personal hand-written thank you note from the server at the end of the night, you will feel pampered like royalty.The food at Kai truly is unique and exceptional, focusing on local ingredients whenever possible and blending Native cuisine with French, Spanish, Mexican, and other diverse influences. Few people seemed aware of this, and they don't promote it at the restaurant, but they currently offer a $59 "Kai Cares" menu where you get three courses of their most popular dishes - hand picked lettuces app, grilled buffalo tenderloin entree, and traditional fry bread dessert. These items would normally cost you $74, so it's quite a good deal. We did one of these meals and also did the lobster degustation app and the grouper entree. Everything was spectacular, perfectly cooked, and bursting with amazing flavors. I was a little worried buffalo would be a rougher meat, but it was tender like a filet mignon. In addition, we received an amuse, a sorbet intermezzo, and chocolate truffles after dessert, which are such elegant touches that really enhance the experience. And the breads, made in house and served with their own brand of olive oil, were fantastic.Kai is very deserving of its Mobil 5 Star and AAA 5 Diamond ratings, and is tied with Binkley's for Arizona's best restaurant, IMO. It is an experience not to be missed for Valley foodies, special occasion splurges, or visitors wanting a unique taste of Arizona's Native cuisine.
5	THE FINEST THE SOUTHWEST HAS TO OFFER. A life-changing culinary and spiritual event. Redefines the southwestern style as the highest-of-high in haute cuisine. An adventure of detail down to the individual salt grains. (That's for the iPhoners... now for the Rest... of the story...)This review has been percolating in my head for six months, almost to the day. With the recent tighter link between Yelp and Facebook, I realize it is time to promulgate the News that is the New Gospel of Southwestern Cuisine as bestowed on us by Chef O'Dowd. You may have read his praises in the local media these past months. Just one week after I dined there, Mobil granted it five stars -- the only Arizona establishment in any category to have this rating at present, and one of only four restaurants in the USA given the designation this year.But my introduction to Kai was nothing so grand. It began as a destination to commemorate a friendship I hold dear to my heart and to celebrate her birthday. As is our custom, I called Maitre'D to make several special requests including one for our dessert. It was a night I shall remember for decades to come.I may say the evening began the moment I crossed the property line and made my sojourn along a mile-long road and through a manicured yet natural presentation of desert flora. When I arrived at the hotel building entrance and stepped out of my car, there was NO ONE anywhere to be found. No bellman, no valet, no guests. The dim light of the entrance welcomed me as I walked into the grand lobby. I could hear a waterfall but there was no one anywhere in sight. Then from nowhere a valet greeted me and took my name. After that introduction, Ritz-Carlton style, every staff person I met knew my name. TRIPLE BING!!This place celebrates the Story. It provides little spotlit nooks for two, three or more, or even seating in front of a fireplace. And that's just Kai's bar area! We waited over a round of drinks (including a perfectly made Sapphire martini) because we were told that a special table awaited us.The celebration continued with the most unique and moving presentation of a menu I have ever experienced. Covered in textured rose-fuchsia-colored fabric and inlaid with watercolor from an artist in residence, our captain placed the table candle in front of it and let its flickering shadows on the fabric backlight the story of the land and the history of this property all the way to the selection of locally-grown (yes he pointed in the direction of the gardens) vegetables and herbs. My eyes were welling up as he finished.Our pour of sparkling water was complimented with our choice of garnish including blood orange and peach among the "usual" lemon, lime or cucumber slices.(getting this out of the way) Sommelier was the only distraction. Clearly not at his best, his bumblings included improper pouring etiquette, coming back to ask which Duckhorn we wanted, Merlot or Chardonnay, leaving the Champagne bottle on the table after the pour, and not refilling our empty wine glasses when checking in on us. UM! OK, back to the bliss. Of course we had to order the 12 course tasting menu. Each course was a sublime tapestry of flavor sensations. Even the one-bite Amuse was a symphony of 15, all working in careful harmony. I got to have two courses of fois gras (DOUBLE BING!) and the duck was so perfect, mild and elegant that even the three salt crystals intruded on its divinity. Second time 'round I had no salt. Heaven on earth. (see my profile's last meal preference)The final blow was our dessert. Although it had the ingredients I requested, it was entirely new. The strawberries had been infused with a candy-like vinegar and must have been several hours in their preparation. The fresh mint with the presentation was merely a garnish; the strawberries were as full of mint as if they had spent their lives in the same soil -- maybe they had! The balsamic was carefully chosen and perfectly matched. Like the perfection in every other detail, small pepper grains lined one side of the rim and dared us to pull them down. The dish's coronation was the creme fraiche executed at the exact moment, seconds before the presentation. Chef had to have stayed all the way to the end to make that execution.With all my heart I thank Chef for sharing his talent and craft. These few words only vaguely illuminate the wonders that await you at Kai. I hope that you find your way there for a special meal; it'll be one you won't soon forget.
5	amazing !! delicious!! the service OMG!! wow!!
5	wow.that pretty much sums up everything.you know everything was WOW when you can't stop thinking about the place for weeks to come!the BEST dining experience!(second best is in Beverly Hills)
5	Kai truly is an "experience" with the mini history and the indigenous menu; each explained by your waiter in limited detail. I highly recommend this as a destination with your out of town guests.  Fun place to show off Arizona's Indian culture.The menu had something for everyone unlike some five star restaurants. Bread: Great! Focaccia w/ corn & peppers, baguette w/ seeds and grains, scones and keep 'em coming.Salads & soup: Highly recommend the Heirloom Tomato Tarte-YUM! It had something called basil foam; sounds scary, but amazing!Did not care for the cold avocado/cucumber soup that had a fishy fish in it.   Lobster trio good.Amuse-bouche very tasty custard and lamb.The New York Strip was melt in your mouth tender!  Also at our table we ordered the grouper, buffalo tenderloin and lamb...no disappoints.The staff does make sure you have plenty of time between courses, maybe a little too much time, by the time the main course came we weren't hungry and they served big portions (hate to waste food!)  Also, when your on the patio and in the corner it's a little intimidating when 4 waiters converge on you all at once.  Maybe try 2 at a time or something different. Seriously though worth the trip and the money for great quality fresh food!
4	I'm about to commit local review heresy and say something negative about Kai.  Not about the food, which was some of the best I've ever had.  The other glowing reviews don't exaggerate about how good the food is.  Nor about the service, which was some of the most attentive I've ever had.  Although...the servers were not experienced enough and a bit immature for a restaurant of this caliber.  They meant well, but looked uncomfortable which made me uncomfortable. Kai needs to hear some constructive criticism about the design of their dining rooms and the decor.  When you arrive you immediately are drawn to the gorgeous views the dining rooms have.  The designer even brought attention to the views by installing floor to ceiling windows.  Unfortunately, the dining rooms are not set up to satisfy diners' needs to see those views.  There are only 4 tables out of maybe 20 that are by the windows.  The rest of the tables are either along a windowless wall or literally in the middle of the room where the fortunate few in those 4 view tables block any chance you have of seeing the view.  The tables in the middle of the room feel like you're in an airport, with all the attentive servers rushing by in a constant stream.  Not very relaxing, and look out if you have to leave the table because you're at high risk of running into a waiter.  Table placement really could use some addressing.The decor isn't fitting for a 5-star, 5-diamond restaurant.  It's just not pleasing to the eye and way too casual; especially noticeable when the food presentation is so beautiful.  The window treatments framing that gorgeous view look like ultrasuede and are made of three horizontal pieces of fabric in graduated shades of brown, reminiscent of bad Phoenix family room design of 1976.  The other decor doesn't quite work.  For example, there's what is undoubtedly an important piece of woven grass wall art that looks too plain in its surroundings.  The design of the chairs encourages you to slouch down in them and makes it difficult to get close enough to the table to eat comfortably.Kai is a special place.  I loved, loved, loved my experience there.  Hats off to the chef.  Kudos to the General Manager, but do try to get more experienced wait staff.  Meh to the designer.
5	I can't believe I forgot to review Kai! We had our anniversary dinner here and it was lovely. I won't repeat what everyone said, food was delicious, service excellent. My only negatives don't affect my rating: First, we were sitting next to a group of elderly diners that were rather loud and discussing the surgeries of their friends. Not something we were interested in hearing while dining. I was glad they left before us. Second, while the plates were beautiful I'm not a huge fan of "deconstructed" food presentation. Expensive, but worth every penny.
5	It's not the only 5 star restaurant in AZ. for nothing! I would advise to defintely bring and open mind, your best manners and an entire paycheck. (Our bill was over $600) I had the steak because I was afraid to try buffalo. Everything that touched your mouth was amazing though. We had a lobster appetizer, I also had goats meat which was strange, unusual but delicious. All this with a bottle, or 2 or 3, of Morgan Double L Pinot and then some chocolate mousse and more wine at the end! The food was amazing but the service is unparalled and I have been to some extraordinary restaurants. The flow of the service went from the hostess, to the Sommelier, to the waiters (uh, 3 per table?) and just extended to all aspects of the entire experience. We were greeted at the end of the evening by the valet who had left a hand written note and a box of custom Kai chocolates on the dash of our car thanking us for our business. I mean if that's not class and superb customer service, I couldn't tell you what is.
3	We tried the 13 course tasting menu with extended wine selection. The service was wonderful and 100% spot on.The food however, was quite a let down. Some dishes really excelled in their taste and presentation, while many were just a puzzling question mark followed by a mediocre taste. A few memories include a shot of squeezed juice which is considered a course which is more suited as a canape. A salad which included a few leafs of lettuce with two small slivers of cheese. I appreciated the craftsmanship of the 30 year old cheese, but it in no way complimented the lettuce and left you wondering why it wasn't paired with something more suitable or to paraphrase, enjoyable.Out of the 13 courses, there were 3 or 4 that really shined.. the buffalo being one of these. When you average in the odd interior decor it's apparent that attention has not been paid to all the details.. and that's what a fine dining experience really should include. If you're aiming for multi-michelin star experience, detail detail detail. On another high note, the wine pairings were absolutely wonderful and the sommelier was both informative and wonderful in not only introducing each pairing, but being able to provide excellent alternatives when pairings didn't go quite well.The card which gave us a list of all the courses + pairings was a nice touch at the end.For Arizona this is a step up in experience and i'm happy to see restaurants of such caliber really offering alternatives to places such as Binkley's.It's worth trying, but for us there weren't many dishes we'd be craving on a return visit for. After reading other reviews, it may be an issue that Kai has invested a good amount of time in perfecting the smaller tasting menus and main entrees but struggled to fill the larger 13 plate experience.
5	One of the best dining experiences ever!  The service is top-notch.  The food is amazing.  Each dish has a subtle mixture of flavors that is complex and oh so delicious.  I loved the buffalo.   I was surprised by how large the portions are.  I could barely eat dessert, and on top of that, they brought out some delectable truffles compliments of the chef to end the meal.  Try to get a seat where you can see the sun set behind the mountains and lake--absolutely gorgeous--what a serene setting.  Oh, and I love the attention to details, such as the artwork on the walls and on the menus, the silverware cooled or heated to the proper temperature depending on the dish it comes with.
4	This is a belated review for a meal that took place in late January, so some of the details will be a little sketchy, but I actually made my 4-star determination that night, so that much at least is accurate. :)SERVICE: The reservation desk was very patient with my repeated phone calls to change our meal time (maybe because we were guests at the resort). We ended up with an 8:30 seating for six, and were seated promptly. It took a long while (10 minutes?) to get bread, water, or menus. Once the captain came with the menus, he had to give us a long speech about the artwork on the fronts of the menus. It was interesting, but at that point, we mostly just wanted to read them and order. Overall, the  There was a strange moment when the captain plus 5 waiters descended simultaneously, each taking a position behind one of us; it was impressive, but perhaps not the way they intended--it felt a bit like we were about to have sacks pulled over our heads & we'd wake up an hour later in the back of a van. Fortunately, they simply presented us each with our napkin. WINE: Sommelier was a little standoffish and not overwhelmingly helpful. List is weird. Strikes me as the list of a young restaurant that bought a bunch of stuff right before the economy crashed, so there's not much that they've had a chance to cellar and some of the prices are just out of line. There were some decent wines in the "not insanely priced" range (hard to do much with 3x markup), but I'm fairly certain one of the bottles I ordered was mis-priced on the wine list, because it showed up a much higher price on the bill. To their credit, they honored the wine list price without a fuss. There were some terrible choices/values on the list, such as '05 Lascombes for $300 (really not ready, plus I've seen it retail for as little as $50/bottle!).FOOD: With six people doing 3 courses, I can't remember it all in detail over two months later, but some highlights from my memory: squash soup (poured from a carafe into a bowl containing a mound of house-made cotton candy), charcuterie plate (which included a slice of bellota ham... decadent!), bison tartare, lamb loin. My entree was the veal ribeye and it was a disaster; I can't believe a self-respecting chef would serve such a poorly prepared fat blob. I probably should've sent it back, but I was too busy keeping an eye on two of my fellow diners, who had been busy at the bar for an hour or so before the meal. Two of our party toddled off after the entree, but three survivors tackled dessert with me, and the slightly spicy mexican chocolate souffle was a revelation.ATMOSPHERE: It was a full room when we arrived, and there were a number of moon-eyed couples and a few families. If there was anyone obnoxious that night, I'm afraid it might have been us. :-/SUMMARY: I'm glad I ate at Kai. It has potential, and there's some interesting stuff going on in the kitchen, including use of local and indigenous ingredients. However, from my experience, the misses in food and service kept Kai short of greatness.
5	5 BIG STARSFor service and quality of meal, restaurants really don't get any better than this. Multiple servers, dressed in NY black are constantly there for you.This restaurant prides itself in using local products & blending them into traditional meals, ala Alice Waters, and they do an excellent job.For starters, we had (are you ready?):-"Macerated Local Vine Ripened Heirloom Tomatoes, Fossil Creek Goat Cheese & Mascarpone Tart," including Buckwheat & Saguaro Seed Tart, Basil foamed from the garden, Black Ice, and Gila River Olive Oil; and-"Pan Flashed White & Green Asparagus with Chanterelles & Cholla Buds," including Chanterelle Mushroom Fondue, Desert Quail Egg (sunny side up), Red Currents and Aged Sherry.And that was just the beginning! For dinner we had:-"Veal Ribeye Rubbed with Sandalwood, Dry Mole & Green Chile Sand," including Mesquite Cooked Desert Fruit Chutney, Truffle Frites, and Rutabaga Cobbler; and-"Local Pecan Crusted Colorado Lamb with Native Seeds SEARCH Mole," including Pastry Tapenade of Fennel, QC Olives, Eggplant, Wild Mushrooms, Heirloom Tomatoes & Iitoi Onions.Everything was exquisite!This meal was to die for!Any complaints at all? Well, yes, but very minor. This place is actually in a Sheraton, but I guess that insures a good stream of patrons that can afford such meals.And the decor? Not very good. It needs a serious MAKEOVER.  Wall-hangings, window treatments & carpeting aren't much.So there you are...
4	We were pleased and disappointed at the same time. The service was good: people knew their stuff, and if you asked further questions they had answers.  But, our table was full of crumbs that didn't get swept up  - what's up with that?! Every course we had was delicious. Beautiful foie gras, heirloom tomato salad with a black ice dressing that was a great treat, BUT, my rib-eye was tough!!  Gristly and hard to cut and chew. Incredibly disappointing for the quality we were expecting. That's why this 5-star restaurant only rates 4 stars from us.
4	I had a great time at Kai last week. Let me start by saying that if I could give the service 10 stars I would.  So I know I am not the norm for not giving kai a 5 star review, but I dined at ALEX in Vegas like 1 week before I ate this meal, so I had a huge benchmark to hurdle. I cannot say enough about how good the service is here.. Not stuffy, stupid attentive, and some of the most friendly staff I have encountered. THE FOOD: Some dishes were outstanding, some dishes missed the mark.. 4 people, 3 of us had 4 courses ala carte, all different, and my wife had the tasting menu. We ran the gammit, I was wafer-thin full when I was done. THE HIGHS: Lobster degustation, buffalo tenderloin, Fois Gras, and the Goat meat was insane, as was the heirloom tomato tarte. THE NOT SO GOOD: Over cooked Veal Ribeye, The goat cheese fondue side for the NY Strip..(Think millionares ranch dressing) Some of the garnish and sides were undercooked, or a little soggy.(Truffle oil pom frittes) Probably the best souffle I have ever had... The decor and atmosphere warrant 1 star. Seriously guys.. 50 bucks a plate, and there is no transformation to a different stratesphere.. expectation at this 5 diamond level are Micheal Jordan high, but smudges all over the glass wall definetely do not help the surroundings. 4 People, 4 hours, 800 bucks, a smashing time, a great experience, Stated already: Best service in Maricopa county.. People make the experience..
5	My experience here was good as I had the chance to bring my son with me, as a graduation gift, and more so for him to see why I want the best for him and that the best requires the presence of mind, for me this means college,though as a father I accept he is an individual incarnate, that has choice, and from within he will and must make his choice.....whats this got to do with the Kai? Nothing and Everything as I connected with my son and he got it, well he had the best culinary experience, means he said oh I see what you mean about microwave food, all this aside, the presentation at Kai respects the traditions of the Native Americans, whom we as Americans owe more than I can describe in words, so if you are fortunate enough to be at this place or locale stop by and experience their expression of perfection.Pay your respect to the culture that endured the worst we "americans" projected and respect the kindness and value of they that were here first. william ashton
5	WOW.  We had read alot of reviews about Kai, and they are were positive and we were really beginning to wonder.  It's pretty strange that this place only has positives reviews.  There were a few reviews criticizing the decor, but nothing about the food...Well, here I am, another positive review.  We were there Saturday night for the Journey with Expanded Wine Lists.   What a journey it was.  Every dish was so unique.  There were Native American ingredients that were incorporated into dishes - but the flavors of 'basic' components were incredible.   So reading the menu is very deceptive, because the dish name may be "mushrooms" or "tomatoes" but what you get is an experience in your palate and on your plate.The service was impeccable.  They repeatedly called us by name when they served and came to table to explain or ask things.  It was extremely coordinated and overall a pleasure to experience.We constantly travel out of state for fine dining experiences, and had no clue that a fine dining experience that rivals Fleur de Lys, Moto was in our backyard!!   It wasn't pretentious, but classy and friendly.It was a beautiful evening, and we can't wait to go back once the temperatures cool down, since it looks like they have outdoor seating, and the view is spectacular. The Sheraton hotel has some issues to work out (we spent the night - had to after all that wine - driving wasn't really an option) but they do make good to resolve their mistakes..
5	Kai is truly a five star restaurant, and best in class in the valley for service.  I have to first address that some of the posts stating the decor does not feel 5 star.  I think with restaurants and the New American, Modern Cruise we expect the establishment to be hip and modern.I think Kai is understated, it complements the food and the mood of the hotel.  The backdrop is a Native American resort in which Kai pulls their flavors.  The table clothes although a pale peachy pink of the desert, look closer and there thick silk.  I did not feel as though my table was to close to another diner.  More than often now in the ultra cool mod restaurants you are on top of your neighbor on a long bench.Anyway, back to the food.  My boyfriend and I - which are self proclaimed foodies, went all out with the Journey with Expanded Wine List.  The way to go for the first timer.  Amazing, I cannot say enough.  My next visit I do plan to order directly from the menu.  However, in anyway restaurant I am a firm believer in getting the tasting menu is generally getting the bestAll the dishes incorporate Native American cuisine, the grain, corn and tomato perfectly combined.  What I did find interesting in the wine list, was a cheese course of two different cheeses accompanied by two different beers.  Although not a beer drinker I appetite the cleverness.As you are rolling yourself back to your hotel room, trying to remember all those courses and flavors, you approach the hotel room door and there lies a Thank you note with all the memories on paper for you.
5	Kai is an amazing restaurant!  You will not get better service at any other "fancy" restaurant in Phoenix.  It's seriously like Cheers...everyone knows your name!  When we arrived at the valet and told him what time our reservation was he immediately asked if we were Mr. and Mrs. Lang.  WOW!  I wasn't expecting that at all! I have dined here 4 times and each time as been excellent.  I enjoy that they change their menu regularly.  Although, I will be sad if I can't get the Tomato Goat Cheese and Mascarpone Tart the next time I go.  That is a superb start to the meal!  I also enjoy that they don't do ala carte items.  I enjoy eating what the chef creates, what he thinks will be an excellent meal.   This is a dining experience!  You will spend 2 or more hours there.  Also you will spend approximately $100 per person minimum.  I have been to other "fancy" restaurants and paid the same amount for the meal, but none of them can compare to Kai.
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary and had a great experience. It was a little pricey but the food and service were worth it. I think this is by far the best "special occasion" restaurant in the Phoenix area. Not as snobby as some of the places in Scottsdale resorts and far better food than Compass downtown. We started off at the bar since our table wasn't ready when we arrived. They have a variety of specialty martinis. The "Great Fruit" was a good sweet and fruity cocktail and the candied grapefruit slice made it special. I ordered the "SKOCU THU" which had a bit of spice to it and was garnished with a dried chili. It sounds weird but it was amazingly good! Definitely one of the best cocktails I have ever had. The bartender also made a smaller sized Mesquite Bean Martini for us to sample which had excellent flavor but I think you have to like Bourbon to truly enjoy it. As for the food, the menu is a little different and requires an adventurous palate. I enjoyed the Native American influence and focus on local food. We ordered an appetizer that had cured ham, raw fish, and buffalo tartare, which worked well since it had a variety of items to try and was a good for sharing. There was a small soup included in the meal (just a taster size) and also sorbet to cleanse the palate between courses. My husband ordered the Buffalo as his entree which was a good size and he said it had excellent flavor. I had the Seafood Potpourri which was also excellent though I am not sure how that fits in with their Southwest theme. The only criticism of the menu that I have is that the only poultry item was duck. So, if you are not a game meat or seafood person you would be out of luck. I did appreciate the fact that they had a good selection of half-bottles and wine by the glass because after the martinis we could not have handled a full bottle of wine. Since it was our anniversary they gave us a complimentary chocolate mousse for dessert and so that was a nice surprise but I think otherwise they still provide truffles as a finish.I highly recommend Kai as a place you must try at least once, but be prepared to spend some money.
2	This is my first yelp review.  I did a lot of research and came up with the idea to go to Kai for my boyfriend's and my two year anniversary, based on all the excellent reviews.  We love good food.  We ended up at Kai recently, and I have to say, we were extremely let down.  I was disappointed enough to write my first restaurant review!We found the atmosphere to be what you would expect at any mediocre hotel buffet.  The food was definitely good, but we were not blown away.  My boyfriend ordered the Journey with wine pairings, while I attempted to order the Short Story with wine pairings (I can't eat that many courses!).  The waiter told us we couldn't do that, and he seemed annoyed with the request.  After much discussion, he ended up just bringing me some of the courses off the Journey menu.  The interaction with him always seemed awkward, and the experience was very uncomfortable.After dropping $600 on this meal (with wine, tip and tax), we were in awe.  Yes, the food here is good.  The wine pairings were well done.  However, for that kind of money, I've had MUCH better experiences (food, service, and ambiance) at Binkley's, Quiessence, Atlas, and Noca.  Wait, I've had better experiences at these restaurants for 1/3 to 1/2 the price.I honestly don't understand all the amazing reviews of this place.  No one seemed to know our names.  The one time our awkward waiter called me using a last name, it was my boyfriend's (we aren't married).  No one else knew our names.  We did not receive any kind of chocolates or thank-you card even though we stayed at the resort.  I really wish I had loved Kai as much as all these other reviewers.  I had really been looking forward to it.
5	I'm not a big fan of handing out the 5s, but this is worth it. Was there for a business meeting, and thus wasn't worried about the tab. The hosts provided a fixed menu, which included a choice of NY strip steak/fish...I had the steak...not sure I'll ever want to have another one. The food was perfect, the appetizers/salads/desserts just as good. The service for our group was impeccable and they added some nice touches with fresh bread (right out of the oven) and a few tasters, courtesy of the chef. Would highly recommend if you're willing to go into a hotel to eat. If you are on site anyways it's a must visit. I believe it's the only 5 star restaurant as of now in AZ.
5	It's our favorite place in earth! We have been there 3 times and it just gets better. It's a bit far and of course, expensive but you get more than you expect for your money. I have dinned in Vegas for 850 bucks, did not get the same experience I have had at Kai, neither the great food.
5	Wow! January 28, 2011, we had dinner at Kai. The only negative I have to say is it's a long way from anywhere. We started out getting to the restaurant a few minutes early where we were able to watch & listen to a duo (bass & electric guitar,) player that were just incredible. The guitar player was playing SRV not missing a lick. Onto the culinary experience. Apps, dinner & fresh drip coffee,  plus my wife KJ had a nice glass of wine.Feliciano our waiter was tremendous and handled us with integrity & care that a five star restaurant must do to = 5 stars. . The assistants were around when we needed anything and the close was handled with a handwritten note and two boxes of chocolates. I will return to Kai each time  I visit  the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.
5	Food is AMAZING! best experience I have had in any restaurant! service is outstanding and having a gluten allergy was no problem for the chef! A upscale, pricey restaurant that is definitely worth the drive! Will recommend to anyone!
3	The first thing you will notice about this review is that I'm giving the highest rated restaurant in Arizona a 3/5. This place is the only 5 Diamond restaurant in Arizona. That's a pretty heavy distinction to live up to. I can't say they didn't live up to it, but I can't say "WooHoo" about my visit either.I want to point out that this place has what I can only imagine is a true 5 Diamond experience down to a well orchestrated and choreographed science. The menus came with a story - as did the food and everything we consumed. It was a little heavy-handed. Hand-painted menus and live pan flute music playing in the background along with a waiter/narrator/story teller coming to our table every few minutes to be our personal wikipedia for the evening.The food was good, but this is one of those places that has tiny portions presented on big plates. Most courses were mere bite-sized morsels. Many were complimentary as some of us ordered items with more courses than others. I wouldn't ever again go out of my way for the food here. Nothing spoke to me. In fact, I don't really remember much of what I ate. I know I had a steak at one point. A bone-in rib-eye that had quite a bit of gristle. The service was incredible. It was over the top. That was the biggest problem here really. There were four of us dining, and they kept referring to us by our last names - Mr. and Mrs. so and so and Mr. and Miss. such and such and whats her face. It was off-putting enough to all of us that we requested they knock it off. Every time they brought out a drink or a course, there was a brigade of waiters carrying shit. Six people serving four. It was too much. I guess I'm just not the type of person who needs that much pampering. It makes me feel uncomfortable. Maybe I need to seek therapy for it - they'll tell me I don't love myself enough and make me cry about my dad because I don't feel like I deserve that kind of service. But seriously, it's overkill. This is the sort of think that people with too much money and not enough self-esteem need to do to feel powerful and important. I've heard that sometimes rich billionaire oil barons just shit in the bed instead of going to the bathroom and they have people who clean up after them. They apparently keep these habits when they stay at hotels sometimes as well. It just all reminds me of the gap between the super-rich and the rest of us... the elimination of the middle class. The whole thing is overpriced if you're not all about every bit of it. You have to like the pampering, the stories, the food, and the special imported drinks. If you appreciate all of that, then you will enjoy yourself. Most of it just made me feel like a pretentious asshole.For me, I'm happy if you don't spit on my food, make sure I have my refills on my drink, and that you don't seat me next to the bathroom. The food is why I go out to eat - not to have someone serve or entertain me. The food here just wasn't strong enough on its own to warrant a return.I will say this though - the view is amazing and the place is beautiful, tranquil, and classy.
5	My boyfriend took me here for an amazing birthday dinner.  First off, the service was the best I've ever received.  When we approached the hostess station, we were greeted by name before we even had a chance to say anything.  Throughout the evening, we were addressed by name. You even get a fresh napkin when you return to your seat. Although the service was incredible, it was a bit over the top for me.I got the Short Story tasting menu.  My bf wanted the Journey, but the waiter said it wasn't available at that time.  Instead, he asked what my bf wanted in particular from that menu, and we got those courses!  The food was good(I'm a picky eater and working on that).  My favorites were the Squash Puree, and the buffalo tenderloin was the best meat I've ever had.  My bf loved all his courses.  He was also satisfied w/his wine pairings.  He thought some were ok, some were interesting, and others were outstanding.  The portions were generous, especially when compared to Binkley's.  I was on the verge of bursting by the end.Another thing I liked about this place was that they tried to use local foods.  For example, the olive oil was grown on the reservation and pressed at Queen Creek Olive Mill.I hope to return one day for the buffalo.  I prefer Binkley's since you can choose anything you want for the tasting menu and it's a bit more casual.
5	Two words that you'd never expect in the same sentence.  However that is what await you at Kai.  Native American And French cuisine, two cultures you don't expect together, but the chef at Kai blends these two types of cuisine beautifully.  Located in the dazzling Wild Horse Pass, this is a perfect blend of Native American and French cuisine.   The 7 course meal called the "short story" started with a duck confetti on top of a reduced raspberry for the amuse.  Next came a local heirloom ripened tomato tart.  Thirdly was the freshly fileted Spanish sea bass.  The skin side was slightly seared so it was crispy.  The sauce was a mixture of lemon and orange extract on a bed of vegetables.   I'm a big fan of white fish, but the bass here I found to be a bit overcooked.  The usual flaky meat ofa white sea fish wasn't very pronounced in this dish.   Following the intermezzo which was very forgettable (because I forgot) was their signature dish, an exquisite grilled buffalo tenderloin.    The buffalo sat on top of a corn puree and beans syrup sauce.   The texture and tenderness matched some of the best filet mignon I've ever had coupled with a gaming flavor.  Before the dessert was a cheese sampler.   They paired it with a fresh honey jam.  The just right amount of sweetness of the honey complimented the fine selection of cheese.   The dessert was a cheesecake which seemed common, however the complimentary chocolate dessert was delectable.    Even though the sea bass could've been better (but then again I do have high expectations :-), this place still deserves a 5 start for its amazing atmosphere and impeccable service.   Where else would they let you choose 4 different types of fruits to put in your water.  :-)  Even the menu has a southwestern painting  in the front.
5	I had dinner here with my wife for our anniversary and it was an amazing experience.  The service is classy & top notch.  The foods are amazing.  The Foie Gras is sublime and the Grilled Tenderloin of Buffalo is so tender, you don't really need to chew.  I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a unique experience.
5	My wife and I dined here for our 10th anniversary.  I was impressed from the moment we arrived at the door.  The staff asked our names, and nobody forgot them the rest of the evening.  We were addressed by our first names, and the service was impeccable, attentive, yet not intrusive.  The food, though, stole the show.  It's everything you've seen on all of the Food Network shows, and then some.  The complexity of the tastes and textures was so varied, and perfect.  The progression of the courses and the pairings with wine were amazing.  I'd go every weekend, but it is quite expensive.
5	this place had superb service. everytime the dishes are brought, they swarm to your table at the same time and put down the dishes at the same time. reminds me of the scene from beauty and the beast when they sang "be our guest"!the food was cooked very well and the seafood was very fresh. its a long meal so prepare for that.if you want your food togo, make sure to tell them before they take it away though.
5	I had dinner here with my wife last night for my birthday.  I can best describe our dinning experience by using the best urban adjective I can think of...our experience at Kai was RE-DONK-U-LOUS!  The whole dining experience was like watching a ballet. Every move our waiter (Daniel) and his assistant made was well choreographed, purposeful, and symbolic. Each menu cover has a watercolor painting that is designed by local Pima elder Mike Medicine Horse Zillioux (he is also the flute player you will hear in the back ground while you eat). In addition, each menu cover design comes with a story given by our waiter. The wine list was extensive and the sommelier was very knowledgeable on the list, but the sommelier self-admitted  that  the list needed some updating since some of the wines listed were not in stock. However, no ding here from us. As the sun was sitting, Daniel (our waiter), pulled back one layer of the curtains in our room, which gave an effect of the wonderful colors of a setting sun in the entire dining room. After the sun was half way down the Estrella Mountains did Daniel pull back the final layer of the curtains and we were in such awe...FOOD:THE BEGINNING (Appetizer)We started with the Lobster Degustation. This dish was made up of three lobster dishes. The first was a buttered braised lobster tail under an avocado mousse, tear drop salsa, & lobster coral. Second lobster dish was lobster knuckles in sweet corn panna cotta with sour radishes. Third, was a lobster cobbler with mesquite meal & burnt Irish porter cheese (this one was my personal best!)THE JOURNEY (Entree):Wife had the Red Deer Venison Loin with Sage Infused Gnocchi. The venison was prepared with a spiced sweet chile & fair trade coffee rub served under a broccoli rabe puree, shaved pecorino & currant jam. Wife describes it has tender and flavorful without any of the game taste that sometimes come with venison.I had the the Grilled Tenderloin of Buffalo from the Cheyenne River Tribe. This dish was prepared under smoked corn puree, cholla buds, Merquez Sausage (chorizo) and scarlet runner bean chili, and Saguaro blossom syrup. Again, no game taste and very tender. The buffalo was cooked so well that it was like cutting into some butter. WOW! THE AFTERLIFE (Dessert):We had the Creme Brulee Meets Old World which consisted three creme brulee dishes. The first dish was an Eclair inspired creme brulee, which was a mesquite meal choux & lavender custard. Second, was ice cream sandwich inspired. It was made from two pieces of ginger snap in between a Mexican vanilla bean ice cream creme brulee. The final dish was a meringue pie creme brulee that was a masa pastry tart & meyer lemon meringue. Great dessert! It was such a wonderful experience! Every detail of our dining experience was thought out carefully. From our forks and spoons being warm to the touch when our main courses came out and to them being chilled when we received our desserts.
4	I went here awhile back after hoodwinking my dad into taking out the family there.  He won't infrequently take us out for a fancy meal when we're all together but this place goes beyond our normal haunts.I found no faults with the food whatsoever.  Everything tasted just wonderful, all proteins were expertly prepared, and the menu is also quite interesting.  The heirloom tomato tart was divine, as was the duck trio which included foie gras with a sauternes reduction, confit of leg with coffee and the breast meat with lingonberry preserves.As great as the food was, giving this place even four stars is a stretch.  And this is due to the non-food aspects of the place.  Actually I feel a bit sorry for the chef and wish he had his own restaurant somewhere else to serve this sort of food.  Kai is annoyingly pretentious, and extremely patronizing to Native American culture.  They pretend like it's some sort of homage to the desert tribes but it's really the opposite.  I wished the waiter would shut up after giving us all these greetings in the "native language" and talking about the artwork and such.  They call their fry bread "fry bread from the teachings of the elders."  Is that what the elders teach?  How to destroy a culture, build a huge resort on their land and then create an exercise in Western exoticism a la early 20th century Europe?  Did the "elders" eat foie gras?I wasn't impressed by the team of four waiters taking our plates away all at once.  I asked our waiter for water and he forgot so we had to remind him again--or rather my dad did, in his usual surly way.  Sometimes when one gets involved with elaborate service it's even easier to forget the most basic things.At the end of the day, though, I would go back again (if someone else is paying).  The food is spectacular, and I can suffer a lot for great food.
2	While Kai did have an interesting tasting menu featuring unique takes on native cuisine, I was disappointed overall. They had recently increased the price of their tasting menus far above what was advertised on the website (which I've noticed has since been corrected). At the their new prices -- $280 for the large tasting menu with wine -- it wasn't even close to worth it. Atlas Bistro or Quiessence were as good or better, and now, after trying Kai, seem like a bargain. If Kai were to offer their tasting menu at a price point closer to that of Atlas or Quiessence, I would definitely recommend them and would not hesitate to offer a four-star rating. The ambiance at Kai, similar to that of an off-strip 1970s era Vegas hotel, was marginally better than Atlas, but inferior to Quiessence. While the food at Kai was interesting, it just wasn't phenomenal enough to merit the outrageous cash outlay necessary to try it -- more than double other locally foced, chef-driven Valley restaurants.If you're in the market for a nice, creative dinner, I'd rather recommend restaurants such as Quiessence, Atlas Bistro, FnB or Binkley's, all of which offer at least as good of an experience without requiring multiple wheelbarrows of cash to partake in phenomenally interesting and creative cuisine.
5	We went here for our anniversary and it blew us away.  The staff was beyond attentive, and the food was beyond amazing.  Their butternut squash soup had so many levels of flavor that every bite just got better.  We're saving our money to go back for another special occasion, and we can't wait!  *B
5	I selected Kai when having a special dinner with my son who lives in Phoenix. Binkley's is closed for the entire month of July, but Kai serves very nicely in its stead. While a few dishes were not outstanding (the melon soup and the roast buffalo were only good), other dishes represented the highest level of modernist cuisine (and the cocktails are great). For the main course, the squab is distinguished and as an appetizer the seared Wahoo is enlightened (I wish that I had ordered it other than my son), and it is impressive that the chef brings in Southwestern, Mexican, and Indian flavors. Kai's is first rate.
5	Had an amazing dinner (7 course tasting menu with the enhanced wine paring).  Went with the tuna but my date substituted for the venison, both of which were excellent. The sommelier really knew what he was doing.  I think aside from the food being beyond wonderful, the best part was at the end my car was pulled up front, keys in the ignition with a thank you note on the dash and two bottles of water.   Really nice touch.  I don't think I'll ever go somewhere as delicious!
5	I was staying at the resort for a meeting, and when I found out that such a unique restaurant was here, I had to try it.  And luckily, my close friend had traveled with me, so together we shared an incredible meal here.  The menus were printed on a menu with beautiful Native American art -we ordered the 5-course tasting menu.  The menu showcases local ingredients and the waiter told us that the chef tries to incorporate the history of the local tribes into the food.  I don't recall everything that we ate, I do recall a lobster dish, as well as a filet of bison.  Yum!  For dessert, to my joy, was souffle!  Souffle is my favorite, and this came with a warm gooey sauce to top it off.  A special mention that the cocktails were very good, I had a couple of martinis that were phenomenal.  Would definitely come back.  If I lived locally, this would definitely be a special occasion place, as it is pricey.
2	For my second review I wanted to write a review on a restaurant my wife loves but I felt like a prisoner at. For all you guys out there take your girl there but make sure you visit Jack in the Box before you pick her up. The Good... This restaurant food was extremely tasty. Each item we ordered was flavorful on many different levels. this is definitely a Quality over Quantity kind of place. Also, the Specialty drinks were Legendary. That's about it. The Bad... Price. More to the point, we dropped about $300 w/ wine and drinks and I was still hungry. We had their full experience menu. Also the service was attentive but not friendly at all. In fact, they were very pretentious. (I had to look that word up) On the Price to experience ratio, this place just isn't worth it. It is however, the kind of place that most guys will end up having to go to. I would avoid this at all cost. There are plenty of other places that serve food that is just as good and isn't as snobby as this place. I would give it one star but seriously, the food tasted great. However the small paper thin strip of Salmon was literally the size of a notepad. You can display it however you want but charging these prices is just not for 95% of us.
4	A very unique dining experience in Phoenix and in fact anywhere in the US since Kai serves upscale Native American cuisine.  The dining room was nice, but nothing spectacular.  The service was quite good and I enjoyed how they explained the stories behind the artwork on the menus (65 different scenes, by the way).  The food was quite tasty, but somewhat overpriced, in my opinion.  Again, unique experience, but not sure we would ever go back based on price.
4	I went here to celebrate my birthday.  First let me say this, the service in this place is impeccable.  I've had very few establishments serve me in such fashion and I would be surprised if an establishment could top the quality of the service in Kai.  Off the bat, i'm giving this a 4 because I wasn't thrilled with the food that I had.I would recommend arriving about 45 mins before your "just before sunset" reservation so you can sit in the lounge area outside of the entrance to the restaurant and have one of the original, creative cocktails.  Wow, what flavorful and different cockatails!  Make your reservation for "just before sunset" so that you can stare loving at the beauty that the dessert has to offer at the right hour where the earth glows from the beautiful oranges and reds from the setting sun.I would also recommend, if you are not staying over night, to plan to stay 45 mins after dinner to walk around the hotel terrace area.   I will update more....
5	Great Food and even Better ServiceStaff made sure that all entrees were placed simultaneously in front of everybody.  My wife claims that the service seemed choreographed.  Never had service quite like this.....Food was also exotic.  A few things touched my palate for the first time while dining here....inspired by some local native american herbs which typically aren't found in the grocery store.    Great for a romantic night out or splurge of some type.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Everything, absolutely everything, was impeccable.  We dined in a private room with a party of about 20 and were impressed with the details, the quality of the service, and the food.First off, the wait staff is well trained and even has personality.  Imagine that!  They often set down plates in synchrony or picked things up in synchrony.  My wine glass never got too low and everything from the amuse to the dessert was very tasty.  I had:Salad inspired by Local Farmers- 4 starsRib Eye steak, medium rare- 4 stars- a little fatty but they always are!Chocolate Three Ways, dessert- 5 starsService- 5 starsWine- 5 starsAtmosphere- 5 starsWhat a lovely experience.  Exactly what a fine dining event should feel like, without the pretentiousness and snobbish attitude one often encounters in "nice" restaurants.
4	The very first impression of Kai, happens before you even leave your house. When the hostess you're making reservations with asks for your name, last name, your dates first and last, whether your celebrating anything special, and if either of you have any food allergies, you can't help but think, what a class act, the hostess alone seemed to put in more effort to assure us a pleasant dining experience than the majority of restaurant servers in service today. I chose Kai, based on high recommendations, which is honestly revered in an almost mythical capacity. If you are nitpicking though, which I was (everyone wants to see behind the curtain at some point), the minor hiccups are easy to see. *the hostess mispronounced our name. The server began to flounder when I derailed him slightly off his rehearsed prose, improvisation definitely not being his strong suit. Typos littered the cocktail list, showing what appeared to be last minute adjustments for the nights menu, and finally...the "ambiance" of  what seemed to be a very basic modified hotel lobby room (ugly carpet and all) was, well... less than magical"This all said, If i could give Kai 4 and a half stars, I probably would have. The service as others have said IS nearly impeccable, the dance of waiters circling your table to place plates down in synchrony, each dish arriving slightly incomplete so that the server can perform his oratory introduction to each plates construction, (and on top of this, I am now placing a delicate basil herb foam, blah blah, molecular gastrognomy, etc.) Like I eluded to earlier however, try not to interrupt the shpeal with too many questions or the server might get a slightly annoyed deer in headlights appearance until he finds his way back to where he left off. It is a magical experience, in the same way that Disney Land is magical, if you let yourself go, but instead of kids perhaps we're targeting jaded business men and women, WANTING to see magic in one of Phoenix's most highly lauded Native American Fine Dining establishments....hmn...perhaps the only one for that matter.* Tomato Tart ($17.)...hmn..now that was one pricey tomato tart. (but it did come with an herbal foam, applied at table) *Escargot ($24.) ....yes but these are MAGICAL snails.*Buffalo Entree ($47.) ..this was the average price of the entrees.*Seafood Potpouri ($46.)*Mesquite Bean Manhattan ($14.) ...delicious.*Glass of Rose ($13.)TOTAL COST FOR A MAGICAL KAI EVENING (without bottle of wine) : $171.20 plus tip.The food was delicious, some of the best we've had in town, was it Native American? *shrug* they told us it was...certain ingredients came from so and so tribe down the way...buffalo certainly sounds like something Indians eat...but Seafood Potpouri from the wild uncharted plains of Arizona? Escargot served in the same way that the mighty Cochise ate his? Well...ok...ill play along with the Native American thing if you want, as long as you keep making it as tasty as it is...
4	I came to the Sheraton Wildpass for a conference and came across this beautiful restaurant - Kai.   The service at this restaurant was quite incredible.  The servers were so in sync with each other with the plates placements and all other services, it was actually pretty fun to watch!I had the best Ribeye steak here - it was done just right and the meat just melted in my mouth.  I devoured the entire 16 oz of it without thinking much about all the calories.  It was done just right and I never really experience that much anywhere else.  I also had the chocolate three ways for dessert and I actually was a bit disappointed with this.  The shake didn't taste too good and not much chocolate tastes in it.  The cake in the middle was kind of hard.In summary - A nice restaurant and well decor that serves a killer steak.
5	Absolutely the best dining experience I've had.  From the amazing staff and service to the delicious and beautiful food, I can see why it's the only 5-diamond rated restaurant in Arizona.  Don't get me wrong, you pay for the experience, but I believe it's worth the price (this coming from a very frugal person who tries to find discounts wherever she can).  My husband brought me here for my birthday and from the moment we sat down, we were treated wonderfully.  We ordered the suckling pig torta as an appetizer (portions aren't huge, but extremely flavorful and definitely enough to satisfy).  The appetizer was great, as a matter of fact...my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  As entrees we ordered the lobster, scallop, and shrimp over squid ink pasta with gruyere cheese on top, and the buffalo tenderloin with mushrooms.  Both were amazing.  The lobster was no doubt the best dish I've ever had.  Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned and deliciously rich but not heavy.  The buffalo was surprisingly not gamey and had a great fresh taste without being dry for such a lean cut of meat.  We want to go back and try one of the tastings, but for 200 per person, we may need to wait for a bigger celebration to go.  But I'm already plotting the next time I'll be back for another mind blowing experience.
5	Sometimes I feel it is hard for a restaurant to meet up with standards that are set so high.  Kai was just named by OpenTable (FWTW) as one of the top 100 restaurants in the USA.  I've been to Kai a couple times since it open, but it still exceeds expectations on food, service and experience.From the moment you arrive, the staff takes care to bring you along the journey with every attention looked over.  The view of sunset against the mountains sets the stage for food that is just incredible.  Plus their vodka selection might be the best in the Southwest.When you want to have a special meal for special people, Kai is worth every penny and will be an experience everyone will remember.
5	Wow! wow! Wow! I understand why you are a Triple A Five Diamond Reward and voted as Forbes Five Star Award restaurant...not only are you very crafty, creative and detailed with your culinary dishes but also your attention to art and how you integrated it with the atmosphere and whole dining experience. This place has all the feel of being..Native American? Well it is on a Indian Reserve....but it's like really fancy Native American decor...they have different paintings for each menu...and the waiter told us that it changes every time so even when you go back you'll see a different painting on the menu. The menu is also cleverly named too...instead of appetizer, small bites, and entree...they replaced it with "the birth", "the beginning" and "the journey" each corresponding to the amount of food each one serves. I'm giving it 4 stars for the atmosphere alone. =)  My bf made reservations at this place for 5:45pm but we were stuck in traffic for a while and my bf gave them a call telling them we would be a little late..this place is located in a far off resort and spa of Wild Horse Pass..not that easy to find but it's really nice and quiet around this area in Chandler.When we arrived the hostess referred to us as Mr. and Mrs. Li....I was about to correct her but my bf thought it would be funny just to say yes..haha so the whole night they just referred to us as Mr. Li or Mrs. Li..  Oi one thing I notice throughout the whole night is that -- there are NO YOUNG people here....my bf and I were the youngest couple here....other people were at least 40 and above. This is a pricey restaurant.....but why no young people here on Friday night? I guess they rather spend $$$$ at clubs or something..hehe maybe not just saying.Well let's get on with the food review, shall we? They served us three selections of some pretty good breads and olive oil to start off with..then they gave us each a tablespoon of chef's special dumplings with toasted parsley and after that we got Guava sherbet with Pomegranate Reduction....DELISH! After all the little complimentary foods, we finally got to order... They do have a tasting menu but that's not what we tried this time...instead we started off with a Lobster, Pumpkin & Mesquite Grilled Squash Bisque...it was not only yummy but so cool! they bring out a plate with lobster, avocado and pepita seeds arranged below a swirl of meringue..then they set it on fire with a small torch to toast the meringue then putting off the fire by pouring in the bisque! haha that's was really cool. For entree, I had the juicy, tender and super flavorful Red Deer Venison Loin with Sage infused Gnocchi....usually not a fan of gnocchi but they made it really tasty! My bf had their most famous dish...Grilled Tenderloin of Tribal Buffalo...I really love the Sweet Corn Puree on this dish...the buffalo meat was also very tender and flavorful...both meats were pretty much melt in your mouth goodness.Then for dessert we had the interesting Creme Brulee Cones....there were three Saguaro Seed Cones filled with different flavors of brulee in each...sweet corn, sweet vanilla and winter squash pudding. Topped with strawberry cotton candy that was sprinkled with chili. Very interesting....but I was not very fond of the sweet corn one...the others were really good.The service was pretty good too, although what impressed me was at the end when my bf and I were walking out the hostess greeted us goodnight and said the waiter would like to further thank you for dining with us tonight...and handed us a card and little nicely wrapped bag of truffle and chocolate strawberry. I was like wow...that's really nice of them to actually write a thank you card! haha This place is definitely great for special occasions or when you feel like really splurging! but like I said we were the youngest couple this night...and I honestly don't think they see too many people in their 20's here.....Overall I had a wonderful evening at this restaurant and hope to come here again and try out their tasting menu =)
5	Kai, an upscale eatery with Native American influences, would be a worthy splurge for the historical and cultural education alone.  Add in delicious food complete with unexpected surprises, perfectly orchestrated service and personal touches, and I can see why it's regarded at one of the Phoenix area's best restaurants.We started out meal by sampling the signature cocktails.  I loved the emphasis on local flavors:1. Mequite Bean ($14) - with Maker's Mark, mesquite bean syrup, lime, sweet vermouth and grapefruit juice, this cocktail was exotic but still very delicious.  I liked the mesquite bean pod garnish, which acted like a fun swizzle stick2. Skocu Thu ($14) - a great drink if you lament your tendency to toss back cocktails with alarming speed.  The drink name translates to "The Hot Stuff", a well earned title if you ask me.  The pleasant burn, from ancho chili infused lemon vodka, will help ensure that you sip this drink.  The supporting cast of ingredients included lemon juice, lemoncello and a dried pepper garnishThe menu is split into The Birth, The Beginning and The Journey, which was can be roughly translated to appetizer, slightly larger second appetizer and entree.  Rather than order a Journey, I chose to try two births and one beginning, which was actually quite a lot of food.  You'll want to keep that in mind when you order:1. Carrot Cake (Amuse) - I really liked this little cube of carrot cake and delicious sauces2. Lobster, Pumpkin & Mesquite Grilled Squash Bisque ($15) - the bisque arrived as a round cylinder of lobster meat, pepita seeds and avocado topped with a plump little marshmallow.  The marshmallow was then drizzled with sambuca and set aflame.  After a few moments of awesome blue fire (accompanied by my frenzied photography), the fire was put out by the square bisque.  The marshmallow, albeit unexpected, pair surprisingly well with the naturally sweet lobster and I really enjoyed the large serving of delicious bisque3. Lychee Sorbet with Rose Syrup (Palate Cleanser) - an tiny scoop of lychee sorbet with rose syrup in an exquisite tiny bowl.  I had no idea lychee and rose were so wonderful together!4. Open Faced Pheasant Machaca on a Saffron Pasta Ribbon ($20) - they may not be Native American, but I'm a total sucker for truffles, and I was delighted with the winter truffle shavings scattered on this dish.  The presentation was very appealing on top of a big rectangle of pasta with tender pheasant and bits of raisin chutney and pear5. Escargot, Truffle, Wild Mushrooms & Caramel Goat Cheese ($24) - truffle + mushrooms + escargot?  Yeah, there was just no resistance in sight!  Absolutely exquisite preparation of escargot and mushrooms and the native toast with truffle crema in the middle and the pork belly nuggets were delightful!6. Fry Bread - we raved about our love of fry bread and our waiter was kind enough to let us sample Kai's Fry Bread, which typically accompanies the Lobster Degustation.  Small and lighter than traditional fry bread, these reminded my of the fried buns that accompany chili crab in Singapore7. Blue Bird Fry Bread Donuts ($13) - despite being nearly uncomfotably full, we were unable to resist the allure of more fry bread, and truthfully, I cannot find it in myself to regret ordering this dessert.  The 5 small donuts were accompanied by spiced chocolate dip as well as a tiny doll-sized mug of Eggnog cream.  Eggnog cream + cinnamon sugar fry bread donuts = ecstasy in the making!  Wow!8. Dulce de Leche Chocolates - when these small, only slightly larger than marbles, chocolates arrived at the table, we threw in the towel and asked for a to-go box.  There was absolutely no room!As an amazingly cool gesture, our waiter arranged to place a hand-written card and box of chocolates in our car.  How incredible is that!  A+ service!!!PARTING THOUGHT: Be sure to check out the collection of watercolor art in the menus and ask about the decor.  A lot of thought went into ensuring that the restaurant ambiance would reflect true Native American culture!
5	Absolutely loved the whole dining experience! Interesting, unique food and fantastic service. You will know exactly what you are eating, because they describe what is in each dish to a tea. They addressed us each as "mr and mrs" and even had a hand written thank you in our valeted vehicle, with bottles of water and a small box of chocolates!! Really? That's above and beyond! I would recommend this to someone who is willing to try something new, and enjoys fine dining with top notch service!
5	My prediction: this restaurant will receive a Michelin star (or rising star), and soon.Compared to the two (one-starred) restaurants I have eaten at (in NYC and Napa Valley) I would say the cuisine is par and the service/experience is even better.I particularly appreciate the expanded take on indigenous cuisine in each course- from the amusee to the sorbet palate cleanser to the dessert.  And the primary dishes off the menu do not disappoint.  Table-side flambe' of fresh marshmallow and a drizzle of liquor before pouring the soup into the bowl?  Gorgeous.  A few "threads" of squid ink pasta under the shellfish?  Well yes, thankyoumoreplease! I don't typically spend this much on a meal unless it is a very special occasion date with my husband.  But I was determined to try Kai while traveling to Scottsdale.  I (insert effort of bravery) made reservations to dine solo.  Every aspect of the process- phone call, confirmation, free valet, escort, table-side service (friendly and attentive without one iota of snobbery!), and departure (chocolate truffles to go and a handwritten thank-you note from the lead waiter and a bottle of VOX waiting in my car!)- was the definition of "above and beyond."The prices are steep.  And OH SO worth it.
5	Best service! Attentive to detail. Chocolate and Voss water surprise in your car at the end of the night to top it off. Sit outisde on the patio if possible. The view is breath taking.
5	Fantastic! Authentic native American inspired menu, exceptional service, and beautiful environment. This is a special place you don't want to miss!
4	Decided to take the drive out to Kai and try out what many consider the best restaurant in in the State.We arrived a little early for our 9pm reservation and were greeted first by the valet, then by the 2 hostesses at the entrance. We requested a window table, popped into the bar for a couple of very interesting and delicious cocktails, and were promptly seated at our requested window table. We thought it was really weird that they assumed my date and I were married by calling us Mr. and Misses (insert last name here) - this happened all throughout the evening, despite the fact that neither of us were wearing wedding rings. We never bothered to correct them but we both thought it was unusual to make such an assumption.DECORE: After reading so many negative reviews of the decore, I had been prepared for the worst. It did have a "cafeteria like" feel to it, but overall not as bad as I expected after reading the reviews. Probably helped we were placed next to the window in one of the few window tables available.SERVICE: The service was absolutely outstanding. At least 3 Native American waiters doting on your every need, ever present yet not intrusive. Our waiter took the time to explain the philosophy of the restaurant, it's history and ingredients.At the end of the day we're really here to EAT - after studying the two tasting menus we decided that the mains and appetizers of the tasting menu were probably the best bet for a-la-carte so we started with the tomato gazpacho and a lump crab appetizer. We preferred the lump crab concoction to the gazpacho.Second course- we had the escargot, mushroom and caramel goat cheese. Totally about 4 escargots here, not a lot of food, but very tasty with the escargot's cooked to a perfect texture.For the mains she had the butter basted Potpourri of lobster/scallops/shrimp over a black squid pasta. This was delicious but small from a portion standpoint.I had, of course, the Tenderloin of Tribal buffalo- now I'm not sure how many buffalo are running around on the tribe these days so I would guess that's a stretch. What I can say is it was tender, delicious, not too gamey. Probably about 8oz in total.VALET: It was VERY cool to see my car already waiting at the valet, with chocolates and waters in the car. Great service.BOTTOM LINE: Been there, done it, not sure if I will be back. Total check was $270 including a $65 bottle of Cotes Du Rhone
5	PERFECTION.Best restaurant in AZ hands down. It is over the top. From the moment you walk in, the service, the execution of the food, the wine pairings, the artistry of the menu, from the moment you leave - a handwritten thank you note, water, and chocolates in your car. Everything is on point. Pure artistry and close attention to every detail. Very, very expensive but worth it. The price point will probably keep me from becoming a regular but I very much look forward to returning again.
5	This restaurant definitely deserves to be a 5 diamond restaurant. I'm not easily impressed when it comes to service, but I am thoroughly impressed with the service at this establishment! Starting with the choice of citrus for your FREE VOSS water (lime, lemon, or blood orange slices), the service is impeccable all the way until the end when you walk out the hotel door to find your car pulled by your valet perfectly timed for your exit! Sitting inside your car are complimentary bottles of Voss water, a hand written thank you note from your head waiter, and a box of chocolate!! WOW! To top it off, the food is amazing with all the flavors just married together perfectly in every dish!We ordered the Short Story and made some adjustments to the menu and they were VERY accommodating!  I didn't care for the gaspacho, so I asked to replace it with the seared foie gras and was willing to pay an up-charge.  Done!  They did an app portion foie for me and it was absolutely delicious!  Spanish sea bass was cooked perfectly and just melted in my mouth.  Tenderloin of buffalo was not too gamey with just the right flavor.  All the flavors in each dish come together to perfection!  My hats off to the chef and he certainly is an upcoming Michelin star contender!!Highly recommend this restaurant to any visitors to AZ as well as residents!  A must have experience!
5	The most expensive and best dinner my wife and I have ever had. We went all out for our 10 year anniversary and the memory will last a lifetime. Along with an absolutely outstanding meal, the server will tell you stories about each course. I recommend Kai to everyone I know if they are looking for an over the top dinner that puts any "regular" restaurant to shame.
5	I have traveled the world and had many great meals but Kai will go down as one of the best anywhere at anytime.  The service is exceptional.  The food is creative and delicious.  The imprinting of Southwest flavors and rare products makes each offering the most creative dish I have had.  The wine selection is not the largest but it is totally complete.  Desserts were decadent and let's be frank, this new style of "modest desserts" is really not what we want.  The staff is knowledgeable about the food and wine offerings and presents each dish with panache.  My girlfriend is gluten free and the staff understood that.  When they served the different bread offerings they gave her a special gluten free bread!  The only negative might be there appears to be the sound of an air conditioning unit that comes on and off at times.When you are finished and think that the holistic service approach is completed, waiting for you in your car is some water, chocolate and a note from your waiter.  Kai is that restaurant that you should save for special occasions but don't expect to hold others to their level of care, as you will start to be disappointed with some otherwise good restaurants.  I would give a sixth star if I could!
4	Take someone that matters here and you won't be sorry. The service is some of the best in the world, and the food is stunning. The menu changes once or twice a year, and if you can't wrangle this place on an expense account, it is THE place to impress a client. Destined for a Michelin star....
5	5 Stars doesn't even do this place justice, but I suppose that's why it's a 5 DIAMOND restaurant! We came here for my bf's bday on Tues and we still haven't stopped talking about our meal!  He said it was hands down the best meal he's had in his life...and I'm leaning towards agreeing.Started with the Caviar and Foie app...um, what's NOT to like?He had the Venison...BEST venison we have ever had...everI had the Escargot with Truffles...so nice to see escargot not drowned in garlic butter...love that too, but so refreshing to see a different take.Shared a fab bottle of Pinot Noir from the Santa Lucia HighlandsComplimentary glasses of Veuve Cliquot and a berry plate (we don't do desserts) in honor of my bf's bdayService was so phenomenal...really taking the dining experience to the next level.  Absolutely worth the drive out there and cannot wait to go back!Tip...the views of the mountains are gorgeous!  We're normally not early eaters, but taking the early reservation was worth it to see the fiery skies and the sun sinking down into the mountains.
5	Excellent and pricy at the same time...Once in a lifetime experience!
5	The tasting menu at Kai is a journey not worth missing. Kai is located at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort. It's a short drive from Phoenix & Scottsdale. Valet out in front. Enter, turn left and make your way towards the restaurant.Look up the times for sunset and book a table about one hour before sunset. Trust me. Kai gets its inspiration from its roots in Native American cuisine, particularly of the indigenous Pima and Maricopa tribes. I couldn't say I've truly experienced Native American cuisine, which was why I was inspired to come here. The service is spectacular. My servers that night had ties to the Pima and Maricopa tribes, so this was more than a job to them and it showed. There was a pride in communicating about their heritage. I noticed that from the moment the menu arrived; the artwork was done by a Native American. The menu is different here. The usual headings of Appetizers, Entrees, and Desserts have been replaced with more powerful terms: The Birth, The Beginning, The Journey, and The Afterlife. In addition, there are two tasting menus: Short Story ($120 per person/$195 with wine pairing) and the longer Journey ($200 per person/$300 with wine pairing). This was my first foray into Native American cuisine; I chose the Journey. The Journey: - AMUSE- LOBSTER, PUMPKIN & MESQUITE GRILLED SQUASH BISQUE (with Tian of Lobster, Avocado and Pepita Seeds with Spiced Aji Amarillo Burnt Marshmellows) - HAND PICKED LETTUCES- SOUS VIDE COOL WEATHER ROOTS (Heirloom Tomatoes, Cabrales Cheese Marbles, Micro Snips, Young Beets, Macerated Mushrooms, Coconut Ginger Foam, and Spanish bleu cheese)- FOIE GRAS IN ALL ITS SPLENDOR (Hudson Valley Foie Gras with sweet potato puree and black truffles)- ELIXIR- SEAFOOD POTPOURRI (of Butter Based Lobster, Guaymas Shrimp & Diver Scallops with Black Threads of Pasta, Braised Heirloom Tomatoes, Cauliflower & Leek Butter, Shaved Aged Gruyere Cheese, Ham Hock Bits, and Crisp Shallots)- CELEBRATION OF MUSHROOM (White & Brown Beech, Morel, and Porcini)- ESCARGOT, WILD MUSHROOM & CARAMEL GOAT CHEESE (Native Toast with Truffle Crema, Meyer Lemon & Black Garlic Nage, and Pork Belly Nuggets)- INTERMEZZO- GRILLED TENDERLOIN OF TRIBAL BUFFALO (Smoked Corn Puree, Cholla Buds, Merquez Sausage and Scarlet Runner Bean Chili, and Saguaro Blossom Syrup)- GLOBAL ARTISAN CHEESE (Cheesecake with Blood Orange Gastrique)- DESSERTWarm utensils or cold utensils hint at the next dish in store.This meal delivered big time. So many Native American elements I wanted to learn about were present: from the home-style breads to their knowledge to the local fruits and vegetables. The Hand Picked Lettuces and Sous Vide Cool Weather Roots were unique, fresh, and outstanding. The mushrooms were magical. Sweet potatoes? To this day, no other restaurant does more amazing things with sweet potatoes than Kai. And who knew you could use the saguaro cactus for its seeds or its syrup?Yet despite carrying a Native American pride, it still borrows ideas from elsewhere. The blowtorch used to heat the lobster dish comes to mind. Or a Hudson Valley duck for its foie gras to pair with sweet potatoes and black truffles. Halfway through the meal, the waiters pulled back the curtains and suddenly the sun was setting over the valley. It was at that moment in time everyone in the dining area realized why we were all facing a certain direction. The sunset was stunning. Once I was done, I made my way to my rental car. I was trying to relive every moment. When I hopped into the car, I found there was bottled water, chocolates, and a personalized note from my waiter. I couldn't help but laugh. If that isn't service, I don't know what is.
5	I've eaten at some great places, and this is a GREAT place! The food was inventive and delicious. The courses were well paced, portioned, and the service was great. There was often some air of pretension, but what's a person to do at that price point?First, the drinks. We spent a moment at the bar and found the cocktail program had recently been taken over by a new bartender. We tried a few of the classics from the menu and they were fine. Then, we tried a few of the drinks she was "giving a shot" for the new menu. They were excellent. Go sit at the bar and drink - drink your socks off! The great shame is that when you're at the resort alone you cannot go eat at their bar - which remains empty at the low season.The menu is immediately odd to read and it takes a little guidance from your service staff to understand. Once you've gotten your bearings on the sizing, courses, tasting menu options... there are a lot of great options. I enjoyed this as I often find that restaurants of this type offer a restrictive menu that boarders on, "we know what's best." We wandered through several courses that were each splendid. The spices were a great blend of classic flavorings and local inspiration. The veggies, seafood and game were all exceptionally fresh and well prepared. The service was prompt and informed. The wine list here was very nice and accessible. Some familiar bottles and a few more interesting selections. I do, however, warn you that the decanter is a piece of theater. It looks like the murder weapon in a futuristic space drama - and I was afraid of it. :) When in Phoenix you should go to Kai. Keep your group small and it won't disappoint. I would advise calling ahead, as the kitchen will not sit more guests than they are staffed for. I was at first annoyed, because I could see empty seats while I waited.... but, I got to try the cocktails that I so loved and when we did sit (not long after) the timing was impeccable.
5	Short Story tasting menu was 5 stars.  6 courses scallop, soup, fish, and amazing buffalo.
5	The service and food was top notch. We were handed a specialty juice from the bartender when we entered and our car was waiting with chocolates and waters when we left. The food was amazing. Most of it was locally raised and grown. I am a pregnant pescatarian and they accommodated me, taking out beef broth and ham hocks when necessary. The decor was authentic and locally made as well. The beautiful views were also a plus. This is a splurge that is worth the money.
5	The food was so enticing that we stuffed ourselves over capacity. The specialty martinis were also fantastic. Both drinks and food used interesting flavor combinations that I hadn't had before. While not strictly native american (e.g. had lobster and caviar as ingredients), all the dishes and drinks had elements or ingredients that were locally based. The decor is based on traditional native american design and all the menus have hand painted pictures depicting some element of native american life. Our servers were excellent. They were knowledgeable about the different dishes and gave us cultural background throughout the night. We were also blown away to find a box of chocolates, fancy water, and a hand written card from our server in our car when we picked it up from valet.
5	Kai is seriously an experience! My girlfriend and I came here for our 1 year anniversary and I tell you what it doesn't get any better than this. Every dish was exploding with delicate flavors. Everything was absolutely beautiful and romantic. If you have never been to a 5 star/5 diamond restaurant please treat yourself if you can and you will not be disappointed.
5	Coming from Chicago and the fine dining options we have in the city. KIA really impressed with their level of service from first arrival to valet having our car waiting for us with a gift of 2 water bottles ,a thank you for dining card,and 2 chocolates from the restaraunt waiting for us in the car. With those small added touches I can see why this place has some very high ratings. I didnt even get to the meal. The enjoyable part about dining here is it seems every plate comes with a historic Indian story behind it. Every plate we had was delicious and delivery timed well. The view of the mountians from our table was a plus also. I back their high marks.
5	To me, giving a 5 star review means that a restaurant has reached the pinnacle of perfection, to which there is no doubt that Kai has attained.This has become one of our families favorite places to go.  It is a true culinary experience.  We have been here three times and each visit had it's own highlights to make the visit memorable.  The ambience is impeccable; it isn't so much created by the decor but by the people serving you.  From the moment you arrive you are called by your name and treated like you are part of the family.  Every employee is attentive to make sure that you are comfortable and receiving the Kai experience.Once you are seated you are treated to an explanation of the restaurant and it's vision.  They explain how everything from the menus (printed and placed in mesquite wood that was crafted from a member of the local tribe) to the food has been locally sourced.  You won't run out of options in terms of what your tastebuds may be tingling for as the menu provides a myriad of different options to satisfy your cravings.Service is impeccable.  Upon our first visit we were actually a little startled when each of us had an attendant.  When your food is prepared they come out in one synchronous ballet to deliver your entrees at precisely the same moment.  When you leave and get into your car, you are greeted with a thank you card from your server, bottles of Voss water and personalized chocolates from the restaurant.  They really have thought of everything.  If you want to experience the very best that Arizona has to offer look no further than Kai.
5	KAI is well, KAI for a reason.  Food was amazing! Service is over the top. Pricey...YES, worth it, absolutely! Save up and make this a stop.  Well worth it. Take a tour...best way to try alot!
5	Talk about impeccable service. Each person has there own waiter, the food was very creative and the atmosphere romantic. They have your car waiting for you when you leave with little chocolates and bottled waters in your car thanking you. Awesome!
5	Bar none, Kai is the best restaurant in Arizona, if not one of the best I have ever been. I've had the pleasure to dine here on three occasions, with the last somehow topping my first two unbelievable experiences. Though it will put a nice dent in your wallet, Kai is worth every penny. And then some. This past visit, I had the rare opportunity to try their 13 course dinner with wine pairings.Kai expertly fuses together Native American and French Cuisines. It is not something you'd expect to work together, but with every dish unveiled, the food ceases to amaze. You'll tend to see the Native American influence with the meats and the ambiance, while the French component can be seen in the flavors and the service.  Even within the first few minutes of dining, Kai manages to impress. Somehow, the greeter welcomed me with, "Good evening Mr. Pachence". I'm not sure how they knew my name before I even said a word. Once I was seated, the staff laid out the napkins in unison and provided the menus. As I've learned from my previous experiences, each menu has a unique hand-painted piece of art. The last two times, the waiter described the artwork along with the underlying story. I was only slightly disappointed that this wasn't enacted this time around, but it only makes sense since my dining excursion was already allotted for about three hours.It's worth taking the time to call out the exquisite service. I had found out only a month before this past visit that Kai ranked #1 on OpenTable's 2012-2013 list of best service in the States. Had I not read that, I still would have put it at the top of the best service I've ever had from a restaurant. Their top-tier French service includes wait staff that fold your napkins when you leave for the bathroom. They reveal and take away the table's dishes all in unison. They absolutely cater to you, hand and foot. Everything is brought out at the perfect temperature, even the silverware! The forks are either chilled or heated, depending on the dish you receive.Take for example, my second experience. I was with a group of four. At one point, the staff forgot to bring out a wine pairing with one of the dishes. They were the ones to point out later that a mistake was made, which they made up for by bringing a complimentary appetizer, paired wine, and a free dessert for the table at the end. Now that is service!The meal itself was nothing less than a piece of art. The food was glittered with both style and substance. Out of the thirteen courses, it's pretty tough to choose the highlights, since everything was so very special. The miniature sous-vide vegetables (4th course), foie gras (5th course), escargot (9th course) and the buffalo tenderloin (11th course) stood out as the best. I've never been a fan of escargot, but the truffle crema and pork belly pieces made the dish so incredibly special that it may have permanently changed my mind on escargot. The buffalo was smokey and tender, with a sweet tinge that that came from the Saguaro blossom syrup.Across all of the dishes, mushrooms seemed to be the theme of the night with five of the courses highlighted by various types. What is really impressive is that non of the mushroom types were reused throughout the dishes. I left the meal a little overstuffed, but undoubtedly happy. How could I not, after leaving what I would consider as one of top ten meals ever.Kai is as good as it gets.[This review is based on my visit on March 21, 2013] COURSES:1) Celery & Sauterne Gelee2) Mesquite Charred Pumpkin and Squash Soup3) Lettuces Hand Picked by Local Farmers & Children of Gila River Crossing School4) Sous Vide Roots, Asparagus & Exotic Mushrooms in their Soil5) Foie Gras in all its Splendor6) Agave and Pomegranate Elixir7) Potpourri of Butter Basted Lobster, Guaymas Shrimp & Diver Scallops8) Celebration of Mushrooms9) Escargot, Truffle, Wild Mushrooms & Caramel Goat Cheese10) Chipotle Blueberry Sorbet11) Grilled Tenderloin of Buffalo from the Cheyenne River Tribe12) A Side by Side of Global Cheeses13) The Essence of Fall
5	If you want a true fine dining experience this is it.  It is well worth the money. Right from the start to the way you are treated by the valet to the incredible service and food experience.  There are two waiters per person...they don't hover but are right there if you want something. The Native American   Influence and foods are a delightful experience and the food was without fault . I had a lobster dish that was sweet and tasty  The bottles of water and chocolates in the car at the end of the meal are a nice treat and ending to an exceptional evening.
5	Kai is perfection.  We enjoyed the 13 course tasting menu paired with wine and it was glorious in every way.  Our main server, Feliciano and our sommelier, Thomas, along with their able staff, guided us through our journey with professionalism and genuine enthusiasm. They know this territory well and demonstrate their passion for delivering a fine dining experience at every turn.The meal was exquisite.  Each course was inventive, beautiful and incredibly delicious.  The wine pairings were among the best we have experienced anywhere and were pitch perfect.We live in New York and we thought we'd experienced this level of dining before, but obviously we had not.  Our stay in Phoenix was brief but Kai is something we'd like to experience again, so we will return when we can.Of course a meal like this comes at a steep price, but it is worth every penny.  Bravo, Kai.  You guys rock!!!!!
5	Hands down, the best meal I've ever had in my life.   Also hands down the most expensive, but the experience, the flavors, the service, all worth every penny.  Kai blends a Native American base theme with locally grown and locally sourced ingredients to create dishes that are simply out of this world.    The Lobster Degustation we started with was sublime.  The menu describes it as three items,  "Butter Braised Tail, Avocado Mousse, Tear Drop Salsa & Lobster Coral Lobster Knuckles in Sweet Corn Panna Cotta with Sour Radishes, Lobster Cobbler with Mesquite Meal & Burnt Irish Porter Cheese".  I describe it as simply ridiculous in its enjoyability.I had a Buffalo steak which was very lean yet incredibly tender.  My wife had the Ribeye steak, which was borderline too fatty, but the flavor and texture were outstanding.  The house-made barbecue sauce should be bottled and sold.My dessert was the "Two Sisters Squash Air Cake", with "60-Day Corn Ice Cream, Mesquite Syrup, Smoked Corn Puree, Ramona Farms Ga'Ivsa, Tarragon and Amaranth".  What the menu doesn't say is the dish is delivered under a bell filled with Applewood smoke.   Wow.  Unexpected, and exceptionally different.  Make no mistake:  Dining here is an investment in time and money.   It is not inexpensive in any way shape or form.  But if you're willing to invest in flavors and textures and service you're not likely to experience in many places, and certainly not anywhere else here in the Valley, then make a reservation and be prepared to be awestruck.
4	It's so hard to say a restraurant is amazing when the hype has been built up so much. It dares you to be disappointed. I am still not sure (a month later) which camp I fall into. I've heard such amazing things about Kai from so many people in the Valley - friends, husband, co-workers, clients. All of those amazing things people have told me are true. The service, drinks, dinner, dessert - they were all amazing. I guess I'm disappointed because they didn't stand out in their amazingness. Does that even make sense? I'll try to explain. For example, the ambience & decor are top notch. Soft music, luxurious & spacious dining room, hip bar - but the place just feels like, I don't know, like it's missing its soul. Kai just feels & looks like another great Arizona restraurant. It's subtly southwest, but you could be at the Camelback Inn or the Pointe. You don't get the feeling you're at a Casino (although that's actually down the street, huh?) or on an Indian reservation - you could be in North Scottsdale or Downtown Phoenix. I don't know, something was just missing. It's hard for me to describe or even put my finger on. Look at their virtual tour & see if you agee.Kai does better in the actual food & menu - it's pretty clear that organic farming & using good quality ingredients from the Gila River Indian Community are a cornerstone of the menu - it's written in every description. Our party enjoyed both surf & turf - so we had a good representation off the menu with appetizers & desserts. Every entree was wonderful & there were no leftovers! But, again, I was left feeling......something, what? The dishes were inspired by Native American culture, but in the end - I couldn't really tell the difference between the "inspired" tenderloin & one from Durant's or Mastro's. The difference between the local micro green salad & one grown in California. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if the dishes were more authentic to Arizona's various Native American tribes. Taking a real tribal staple or favorite dish & then giving it an amazing executive chef's touch or re-inventing it - that to me would truely make Kai unique. Serving lobster, dry aged rib eye, truffles, & scallops just sounds like every other expensive, five star restraurant in the Valley & probably in any large US city. What's uniquely Native American or Arizonan about that?Some ideas - maybe if they changed the decor, hired an Arizonan Native American chef, created an avant garde signature dish from a tribal staple, or gave your party a handmade arts & craft talisman made by the local tribes instead of a hand written Thank you on stationary?? I don't know. I think Kai just needs to be more innovative & create a dining experience that a local or visitor can't get at any other restaurant in the Valley of the Sun. Take themselves out of the five star restaurant competition by giving the guest something completely different & cutting edge.In short, I think Kai is just missing that 'je ne sais quoi'. After all the great reviews & hype, I felt Kai fell short. I was expecting an authentic, uniquely Arizonan Native American dining experience & got an amazing, delicious dinner at a five star restraurant. Great dinner, but not really unique or innovative.
5	Best Damn Restaurant in AZ, so far. I laughed, I cried. The food was to die! I was so impressed, it doesn't matter what you order, this food is made with love and respect.
5	I'm not even sure where to begin with our experience here.  Everything was amazing, I don't have any complaints.  To the food, the service, the ambiance - it was all perfect.There were 4 of us dining and we had 4 waiters serving us.  The finesse, precision, and attention from all of the waitstaff was beyond anything that I had ever experienced.All of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  I had the lamb entree which was prepared with a Mexican mole sauce.  Very tasty.  The others at my table are all picky eaters, but they enjoyed their meals as well (seafood pasta, buffalo, and red snapper).  We ended the meal with a delicious chocolate lava cake.  The menu changes based on what's in season.  The dishes are prepared with all local ingredients from local farms and areas.When I returned to my room that night at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass there was a box of chocolates and a thank you note waiting for me from our waiter.  Talk about attention to detail.I can't wait to come back and have another wonderful and memorable experience at Kai.
5	Truly a 5 star dining experience. The staff are knowledgeable, professional and the ambiance creates an incredible dining experience. The food is skillfully prepared by creative professionals. The sommelier was expert in the pairings and introductions for each of our courses. It was truly the best culinary experience I've ever had.
2	Not impressed I will try again. I believe in second chances. Amazing service that's all I can say food didn't do anything for me.
5	What a fantastic evening!!!! Great table to watch the waning sunset.  The root vegetables in pecan "dirt" was one of the best and most creative food presentations I have ever seen.  Tasty too.  Escargot was fantastic - could have just ordered that.  Scallops and lobster were amazing as was the bone in rib-eye.  Great night - top 10 meal list for sure.  Thank you Chef!
5	Five star all the way! Waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and listended.  Everything about the restaurant was spectacular.  The atmosphere, the elegance, the first class service.  The waiter and staff only called me by my name for introduction purposes.  I did not feel like it was overbearing at all as I read in some negative reviews.The food, athough some of the pairings sound odd, went together really well.  I loved the foie gras and the escargot (prepared in a manner never before seen).  The buffalo, amazing.  I actually liked it with the red wine reduction from the ribeye with the buffalo.  I asked for pepper to spice it up a bit and was brought three varieties of pepper.  They were amazing!  Certainly a special occasion location, but so worth it and it deserves all of the positive accolades.
2	We've been to the Kai about 10 times over the past few years and always loved it!  However, this time was a real downer.  Wine was ok, but not decanted at our table.  My hubby is celiac, so he's always had excellent GF bread there - this time, soggy.  They also served a gluten biscuit to him with his foi gras (foi gras was delicious, by the way!).  The squash soup was not good at all - soup out of a can is as good.  I miss the lobster bisque!  My scallops were super salty - I could only eat half of one (gave it to my hubby to check my taste - what could be wrong with me! - not liking my dinner at the Kai?!).  The service was great, with exception on the sommelier. I'm not sure we'll go back - Chef is just not the same since O'Dowd left....  sorry Kai, you don't have my vote anymore.
5	Perfect...all the way around. Service...food. ..just everything. We left sooooo full after the 6 course meal. I want to say more but don't want to ruin the surprise
5	Amazing. We did the short story tasting menu with wine.Everything was beyond excellent with the exception of the dessert.The cake portion of the combination seemed to be lacking in flavor.However, each course, from the soup on was perfect. All the dishes and utensils were at the correct temperature to be served with the course. Service was impeccable. The wine parings were exceptional.Very pricey, but you get what you pay for. Awesome view and room as well.
5	At Kai, dinner is an event and an adventure. We had a divine meal. Kai is our hands down favorite at the culinary festival Devoured. Now we know why. Attention to detail and the exquisite talent of the chef and staff shine through each course. Beau had the largest piece of foie gras I had ever seen served. I felt fortunate to finally get there to enjoy the ride!
4	I stayed in the hotel for three days and had dinner once in this restaurant. The service is really good. I had the seven course tasting menu but didn't like the cheese very much. The rest of the courses were great but I would recommend trying the individual dish instead of the tasting menu.
5	Where do I start? The food, the atmosphere, the service....all perfect. My favorite to start is the butter soaked lobster tail with caviar and the ancho corn flan. My mouth is watering now just thinking about it. Love the buffalo tenderloin as the main course or the seared scallops. The service...exceptional. Very important....time your dinner to watch the sunset. The view is amazing!
5	My husband and I have been here twice - for anniversary celebrations. It truly is a 5 Star experience. My husband has worked in the food and restaurant industry for over 20 years and now compares everything to Kai - which is completely unfair! We have had the short story, as well as various other menu items. Everything is fabulous - presentation, flavor, the attention to detail...Menus are designed by native artists, the table decor, the interior, etc. - all inspired by and/or done by Natives of various tribes. The service is impeccable - all employees are very knowledgeable & attentive. And the finishing touches (bottled water, a hand-signed note from our attendant & chocolates in the car that was pulled up from valet) was so personal. Kai amplified our anniversary celebrations! We hope to be able to visit again!
5	Hands down best restaurant in Arizona! My boyfriend and I went with the short story dining experience. Every course was perfection and the service was incredible. 5 STARS
4	Exquisite restaurant!  Took a bit of time but the food is great.
5	Kai is a truly remarkable restaurant experience.  The food is beautiful;  uniquely and expertly prepared.  Service is exceptional, with a highly trained, professional staff.  It unquestionably deserves the Five Star Rating.Significantly, however, the location bears severe consideration:  it's in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by big box chain stores, and way to far from the urban, city core.  I understand the "Indian" vibe that they are trying to create, but the Sheraton represents a contrived, inauthentic effort.  If the restaurant were located near our home, in the Biltmore area, we would be frequent diners there.  We stayed the night at the Sheraton for the sole purpose of avoiding the long drive home. It was fine, but the Sheraton simply does not measure up to the excellence of such a restaurant.  A restaurant of this caliber should be in hotels like The Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental or Peninsula.  Notwithstanding its ridiculous surroundings and the average, mediocre hotel in which it exits, the restaurant is so good that in spite of all that, it still receives Five Stars in our humble view.
5	I don't want to give away too much. All you really need to know is that every single bite was delicious. The entire staff was thoughtful and kind. I plan on eating here every time I'm in the area.
3	We've come here several times in the last 5-6 years, but our recent visit early this month was a disappointment. The food has always been amazing, service impeccable, and we keep recommending this place to everyone who may enjoy food. However, it looks like they are making some transitions and it's not too smooth yet. New chairs- so heavy they will cause injury. Boots are recommended. The food was fine, just not memorable. Tastings were few and we had to ask for bread, which is usually served automatically. We got one tasting between courses and we did get a complimentary dessert since we were there for my birthday. Typically there are at least 3 tastings and so that was definitely a loss. We do have some dietary restrictions but it's never been a problem since the chef always has made adjustments. There is a new chef and they are making changes and a new menu. I hope that it's a good change- I am sadly more likely to try a different place rather than try here again. This was a place I would say WAS a bucket list highlight, and I hope that they manage to revive it.
5	First time I went here I set the bar low and this place hurdled it easily. This time I had the bar set high after my first experience and it still crushed it. Hands down best restaurant in Arizona. ONLY 5 STAR RESTAURANT and its obvious. The martinis, whoa. Think Matthew McCanaughy from Wolf of Wall St and just keep them coming!
5	Outstanding food and service. By far the best in the Phoenix metro area.
5	My husband and I have been wanting to try Kai for years. We decided to splurge and treat ourselves to dinner here for our second anniversary. We opted for the car service that Kai now offers and I am so glad we did. They picked us up in a very nice Infiniti SUV, gace us ice cold bottles of Voss water and dropped us off at the restaurant entrance. The car service is reasonably priced at $60 round-trip for up to 4 people. Highly recommend it! Now onto the dinner journey. We were welcomed by name when we walked in and invited to sit in the lounge for a few minutes. The lounge is lovely with a nice bar, cozy seats and beautiful fireplace. We were greeted by a server and given an amuse drink that was delicious. We ordered two cocktails before being escorted to our table. We had a corner table with windows and it was very romantic. Jackson was our server and he did a wonderful job. He explained the concept of a Kai and told us about the custom artwork that is on each menu. The menus are gorgeous! Since there were so many things that we both wanted to try, we opted for The Journey tasting menu, which consisted of the following:AmuseHam & Potato Soup Hand Picked Lettuces From The Garden Foie GrasElixir Big Eye Tuna Festival of Seasons Escargot Intermezzo Grilled Tenderloin of Tribal Buffalo Global Artisan CheeseDessertIt was a lot of food and we loved every second of it. I got pictures of all the courses except the foie gras. I forgot that one, but it was amazing!This place is pricey, but worth checking out at least once.
5	I wish I could give more than five stars. This place is transcendentally good. It is the complete package: food that defies description, service that is on the money and impeccable, and an experience that reminds you what food can mean to your mind and spirit.My wife and I dined here tonight for our anniversary, and I saved up my Christmas money just to be able to go here. We have never spent this much money on one meal before, but we are both very into food exploration and wanted to do something really special since it has been awhile. We could not have been more correct in choosing this place.While we waited for our table (we arrived a little early for our reservation), we were provided with a prickly pear fruit drink to start. It was amazing. We got our table exactly when we made our reservation, and we immediately noticed how intently the staff provided their service. Every course delivered to the surrounding tables was delivered individually by one server each in a line of four servers. It was almost like out of a movie. Our server greeted us by name (and continued to use our names throughout the meal), and greeted us in the local native language and welcomed us to Kai. I'll try to just hit the high points now so I don't end up writing more of a novel than I'm already onto. One of the sommeliers (yes, ONE of) offered us the wine selections. We went for the cheapest half-bottle they had, but it was still amazing. The menus are bedecked with individually custom-painted watercolors from a local artist. We made our selections, and all were brought to us perfectly timed, and they scraped the tablecloth clean between courses, which I've only seen once before and just feels super classy for some reason.Between courses, there were small complimentary bites offered. First, before everything, was a single bite of oxtail with a corn salsa and a puree I don't recall with a microgreen sprig. Perfectly seasoned and a wonderful warmup. Then we had our first course. The waiters actually bring out a copper sauce pan to put the finishing sauce on the place right in front of you. I had a Hawai'ian Pomfret with a wild boar bacon sauce and some other things. Appallingly delicious. My wife had the barbacoa sheep with some incredible sauces and a fried egg. I don't remember the exact dish and the menu online isn't exactly the same one they had tonight in the restaurant. Next we got some bread, three different kinds, with a local olive oil and a mixture of crushed nuts. Again, all was preposterously good. The second course we split, which was the lobster three ways: butter braised with grilled avocado guacamole, heirloom cherry tomatoes, and osetra caviar, a lobster knuckle and endive salad with shaved fennel in a vanilla truffle vinaigrette, and a lobster bisque made with ancho and corn and topped with brown butter brioche crumbs. In the words of so many teenage girls: I literally can't even.Next came a palette cleanser sorbet: raspberry and allspice with a cranberry drizzle. Finally came the main course. I hesitate to even try to explain this because I know language falls short of expressing the abject joy felt by your entire body while consuming perfection, but I will try. I ordered the elk loin wrapped in iberico ham and covered in a jus and truffle emulsion (which they drizzle on the meat before you) along with shaved black truffle (which they shave onto the place in front of you) along with a truffle and wild mushroom risotto. My wife ordered the seared duck breast. She also got a jus drizzle, but the duck was presented three ways: a whole piece, a piece sliced up, and a shredded piece with some other seasonings. She says the shredded duck was possibly the best thing she has ever eaten. The elk loin was gamey, as is to be expected, but the jus and truffle really cut through that and made a complete and rich taste of it all. The beets in the risotto were a bit vegetal for me, but that's just preference.I could try to put the experience into words, but everything I've typed so far just scratches the surface and is far too many words as it is. Quite simply, if you have the money for a special occasion meal and you love food that is life-long memory making, go here. This is the best meal I have ever had in my life. I embarrassed my wife by doing so, but I asked to see the chef (the chef was actually gone, but the sous chef came out) so I could shake his hand and thank him in person for the incredible experience he provided for me and my wife. I have been to a number of amazing restaurants, but few restaurants you will be able to find anywhere in this country will be able to offer such a unique and complete experience. The incorporation of local and native ingredients and styles connects you to the land and history while the creative and beautiful techniques and presentations makes for more than just a delicious meal. It truly is an experience you cannot get anywhere else and that you should not miss.
5	Amazing food and service! Some of the best food we've ever eaten. Each ingredient seems thoughtfully chosen and cooked to perfection. What a treat!
