5	I found the products to be of very high quality. The owner is very helpful and knowledgable about all his products. No pressure to buy. He will provide you with samples to try different products. I will continue to go back there over the other places I have tried.
4	John & Jay are usually working here and are quick with the recommendations & suggestions. They're not into the high-pressured sales tactics, which is always appreciated. They often have a featured sample that you can try for yourself before you buy. I usually go here to stock up on vegan protein powder, but have found myself purchasing a few other supplements to enhance my workouts. NutriShop in Ballantyne is my first stop for any supplement needs. If you're in South Charlotte, it should be yours too.
5	Love me some NutriShop Charlotte! If you need vitamins, protein shakes or supplements, you should call Scott at Nutrishop Charlotte! I was referred by a friend. Even though I live states away (NY),  Scott gave give a one on one consult by phone then shipped what I needed - zero hassle. If you've ever been to GNC or the like, you know that the person on duty generally knows squat about the products and the associated benefits - much less can make solid recommendations based on your actual personal health needs. You'll find Scott and team a wealth of knowledge and worth the call! My latest order is on the way here now!! Can't wait!!
5	I have been shopping at a competitor store for nearly a year. I don't think I will EVER shop the competitor again...NutriShop is THE BEST! Met Scott last night and he was amazingly helpful, interesting and engaging. It was so refreshing to discuss nutrition and different products with someone who knows, instead of someone punching a time clock with zero knowledge at the other place!  I live about an hour away and I will still make this my primary store for all my protein needs!The selection of protein powders is fantastic! The Quest bars he stocks cover every flavor I have ever tried and even one I had not yet seen, either in person or online. He was able to clearly articulate the Muscle Egg product, taste and consistency and when I had my (amazingly tasty!) glass this morning, it was everything he said it would be!There is no need to go anywhere else for your nutrition needs! Prices are great, staff is knowledgeable, location is easy to get to and store is open and airy! NutriShop is a jewel in the Queen City!
5	I walked into this Nutrishop a few weeks back looking for a good 30 day cleanse.  I was greeted by the owner who took the time to listen to me and what I wanted to accomplish.  He made some recommendations from the Kat-A-Lyst Line (Hypercor, Detoxin, and Somnilean).  I have been using these as a part of a Lenten Cleanse.  I am losing weight and reaching my goal of building lean muscle.  Since the start of the cleanse, I have gone back for Lipocor, Joint Theraputics, and - most recently - Pro7ein and Glutacor. I find the ownership and the staff to be quite friendly and accommodating.  No high pressure sales here.  Just passion about health and the supplements that can support your fitness goals.
5	Do not go anywhere else.   The owner is super down to earth and always willing to open something up and let you try.  Never feel pressured to buy and great prices.
