2	My husband and I walked in on the grand opening and were the only one's there. All the food was cold ,the noodles were gummy ,and customer service wasn't all that great.We both agreed to give them another chance if we ever see the place filled with customers because the food is bearable and its close by the house.
1	This was King which had decent service and acceptable if not great food. I was in the Plaza and saw Sakura is now open. It was truly sad  While a brand new business may not be able to keep the steam table food fresh if  there are virtually no diners. there has to be some level of interest and or service.I spoke my weak Mandarin greeting and also tried to make conversation with the male host. With possibly two other booths or tables occupied I was seated next to a man who truly was asleep during my entire visit.Waitress was seated within eye view with a second waitress. Both playing with their mobil phones. My waitress spoke English but did not say three words to me and did not even take my plate away until after I was on my third plate. No one said a word as I walked by  the host and another employee. They saw me but I might as well have been leaving in a box. The octopus and salmon were very good.  Most food was barely passable to sub par.They have done a nice job with their renovation and greatly increased the number of steam tables. They might have saved their money,left it as it was, and concentrated on food and service to start. Price was modest but I would not want it if it was free. I was there at 5 PM. If you want to try the place you might walk by the steam tables first  prior to being seated. I hope your experience is much better than minem
1	Decided to try this tonight because we received a coupon for a free meal. My advice - it's not worth going even if it's free.We were greeted and seated. With many empty tables around, we were seated at one that was dirty and sticky. When I asked about beer choices, the hostess had to look across the restaurant at the cooler. Served beer with chilled glasses, but we opted to drink out of the cleaner looking bottles.Food was sub-par, at best. Nothing was great, or even good. My son, who will literally eat just about everything and loves all manner of Asian food, went for the pizza after trying several options. I've never seen him leave so much on his plate!Many of the options weren't labeled, like the flavors of ice cream, sushi rolls, etc. One thing that weirded me out - the chocolate fountain with marshmallows sat right next to the marinated octopus.  Not so appetizing! The ambiance was similar to an old Kmart diner, especially the lighting. There was masking tape covering holes in the wall and post - it notes numbering the tables. The wire mesh condiment holders on the tables still had the price tags on them.I could continue, but there is no point. Won't ever return.
4	Good service... Food surprisingly good!! Definitely coming back!!! They have a Hibachi station with many choices can't wait to try it
1	Sadly very very bad! Was hoping for better food, but no! Not going back any time soon
5	Remodeled very nicely. New management and staff are friendly and polite. The prices are very reasonable. The selection is huge and everything was delicious. I'm very glad that we decided to try this place since it has been redone and new ownership/ management. Prices vary by times and days so that there is something for every budget. Keep up the good work people, you have some very happy clients in our family.
4	On this day, we originally planned to go much farther away for a Chinese Buffet, and I remembered that this was newly opened!  GIVE THEM A TRY, I said! It's so much closer to our home.       First impression, there is a beautiful glass wall water fountain at the entrance and we were greeted immediately to be taken to our seats.  YAY for the new decor!  I so appreciate the way it's all set up.  They redid the floors and everything is so much better.    Ok, it's really about the food... I pick what I like and it went very well.  Lots and lots of choices, all looked very fresh.  It was dinnertime, on a Friday.  All of the food trays were kept up and it seemed there was always someone there refilling and looking after it.  There is a sushi station and a grill station.  At a buffet, I try all sorts of kinds of things and this one had lots and lots of foods I really liked.  For example I enjoyed the hot and sour soup, the seafood casserole, fried shrimp, green beans, orange sponge cake... ok, too many things to mention.  I was tickled that they had cold shrimp to peel and eat; they tasted fresh, but they didn't have any flavor, and I had salt and pepper on them.   It was cool to see a chocolate fountain.  Each of us had to get a marshmallow to try it out.    Since they are new, I figured I'd mention to them that it would be better to have name placards for *all* of the foods.  They had them on the entrees, but not on the appetizers/ salad items.  Most things were obvious  (duh, cottage cheese is cottage cheese) but there were a few I asked what they were.  It turned out that they were pieces of cantaloupe in some white sauce.  I told her it would be better to name them too.  You never know if the people in charge really get the message, but I wanted to help.       As I'm writing this, I'm thinking about all of the things I didn't get to try!  Like the chicken with black pepper, the ribs, beef with broccoli, the fried rice, the sushi... Yep, I have to go back!  The three of us were quite happy and very full.    The service staff were very attentive.  I can't wait to go back, I want to try more!
3	This is yet another buffet reboot in this corner of Papago Plaza and may benefit from a few more polishing touches, but for now it is pretty decent. It should be noted that  to get food at its best, one should come to a buffet at opening time - and with that caveat, it should be noted that I came at a later time (1:30 pm). Nevertheless, considering that it is newly opened and should be trying to impress, I had hoped to get superb quality. The food, as I have mentioned, is decent but the quality varies from dish to dish. For example, the clams in broth, the egg foo yung, and some of the grilled meats were very good while the main buffet standards such as chicken and shrimp dishes varied from good to mediocre; and there were a few misses such as the the salt and pepper squid with lacked both salt and pepper. The fresh salads were good, though I wish the dressing would be a bit more tangy. There was an ample choice of good desserts, including a chocolate fountain. I plan to give them another try soon after they've worked out the kinks that come with being a newly-opened establishment.
2	I went back for a third time today, Saturday at 1:30 PM.The second visit was really bad. Today was better but only up to 2*s.This time there might have been as many customers as employees? On my 2nd visit I did not get the senior discount even afteragain requesting it  Today again told the lifeless host I am a senior. My bill again was full price but was adjusted. The waitress works hard and is pleasant but zero contact  beyond plate pick up. I again enterred and left with two words being said.Thevfood was passable to poor. There was nothing good.I am very easy to please.
4	Good food, buffet style. Restaurant is very empty for a Friday night, could be because it's Halloween. Some items in the buffet are not labeled so minus one star. Happy otherwise!
5	Top five best places in the planet.  I travel all over and this is the best buffet I've ever had also amazing price
2	Food was fairly cold, came here because my parents wanted to have those all you can eat crab which was completely unfresh, but what can you expect from a 10 dollar buffet? The only thing that was decently good was from the habachi grill and the 2.79 beer which was great but apart from that, server was meh. And the oyster was dry as well. 2 stars cause of the beer though.
1	This was the worst buffet I have been to yet! The food was old and odd tasting. When I go to a buffet I expect mediocre food but this stuff was inedible. We went there because we got a Bogo coupon in the mail that had multiple pictures of crab legs on it which left me to believe there would be crab legs for the dinner buffet. There were not. I've never been scared that I might get food poisoning from something I ate until tonight. I'm crossing my fingers I don't.  This is the first time I left a buffet still hungry because I couldn't stand to eat more than one bite of anything I tried. The atmosphere was really weird too. There was music playing and tv's playing prime time shows with the volume on. I'm just glad that I had the coupon and didn't pay full price or I would have been really bummed. Never again!
2	First of all, who trains the wait staff here?!? I've come a few times and the service is disastrous! Going 20 minutes without water is atrocious when there's only 4 other tables. Also, leaving the check on the table is fine when we aren't even halfway done eating, but to then interrupt our conversation 10 minutes later and ask that we pay the bill now, is rude. And whoever their male server is...is the worst! He brings you the check, takes your card and then hovers over your shoulder when you're filling out the receipt. What is wrong with you?! Like I said, who allows to let these people serve! XnejfieokefnfilwnrrAnyways, the buffet food is actually pretty okay,especially for 8.00 a lunch. They have fresh shrimp, a sushi bar (basic rolls) and then everything they have a typical Chinese lunch buffet, they also have a chocolate fountain which I haven't tried, I don't know how sanitary that is when I've seen little kids sticking their fingers in it. No thank you. They have a habachi grill as well, where you get to choose your ingredients and they cook it for you, but both times I've eaten from it my food was extremely overcooked and inedible.I may come back to get a to-go box, 1lb is 4.75, much cheaper to get a pound of fresh shrimp here than it is at the grocery store. Just saying. But the service here....yuck.
1	the service here was great but it is slightly declining with every visit, (losing that newcar smell) I believe I will probably go out of my way to travel 15 mi back to my regular joint.
