4	A new friend suggested I check out Rebecca Lynn Studio; he is balding, and said "if they can make me look good, imagine what they can do for you!"  So I popped in one day for a cut--literally called em up and drove right on over, no wait!  The place is clean and cute, and they have wet stations which means you don't have to traipse back and forth across the salon for a wash, they just spin you around and viola!  Dan cut my hair, and he was friendly and personable.  He really asked me how I liked my hair cut, what tools to use, etc., since I know "my hair best."  My hair can be a little difficult to work with, so I really appreciate that he took the time to ask.Another great bonus: 1 week guarantee on the cut.  If I didn't like it, I could come back for a redo or even get my money back.  Got the cut on Monday and was back on Friday for some tweaking, which I'm glad I did, but even better to know the offer was there.  $23 for a haircut is a wonderful deal, but beware: CASH ONLY!  They also do styling, hair color, perms, nails, waxing and make up.  They are an Aveda salon (but not a concept salon).I haven't decided yet to keep seeing Dan, or back to Robyn at Cha Cha, but I would recommend Rebecca Lynn Studio to anyone looking for a great deal on great service.  As of 4/13 they were going to be closed for 10 days to remodel, so be sure and call ahead.
5	My girlfriend called this place (found them through Yelp) after another salon butchered her bangs and cut them too short.  They let her drop in with no appointment, fixed her bangs, and made her very happy. They are really nice people, too.  She will definitely be going back there for any future hair appointments.  Actually, I probably will too.
5	Just visited for the first time. Dan is fantastic!! Great service and great price. I'll be back...you should go, too.
5	Cute place, very laid back experience, friendly people! Not to mention my girlfriend's hair looks great! :)
5	We discovered this place when my 4 year old gave herself a haircut and she needed some additional help.  It happens to be conveniently located down the street from us and was recommended by a friend.  Turned out to be a good experience.  They are very friendly, good with kids, and reasonably priced.  Now the whole family goes!
5	I had a great experience here! Very friendly. Very informative. She made me feel comfortable and able to say what I want my hair to look like. I will definitely go there again! Highly recommend.
4	It's a very cute & quaint place. My hair was cut by Dan, who is really nice & has good energy.It was $23 for a wash & cut (no style! Which is a bit odd but all well) FYI, they only take cash or check.
4	Because there was no style & I left with wet hair, by the time it dried & laid naturally, it was a bit uneven. However, Dan has a 7 day guarantee & fixed it up no problem!
