5	Envy Nails is a great little nail salon. I've been searching all over the city for a decent salon and have finally found one. The staff is nothing but friendly and accommodating. I walked in to ask about scheduling an appointment to have my pink & whites filled and was taken right away. The guy who did my nails did a great job. Two weeks later my nails still look good - hard to come by in the burgh!
2	I came by on a Sunday in desperate need of a pedicure after reading the review below but Envy Nail Spa was closed so don't go on Sundays. When I actually get my nails done here, I'll write more and hope to bump up the rating.
5	The salon is really clean and the staff are really friendly, accomodating and they do a really good job. They have the comfy massage chairs, and the nail dryer machine as well. But the best part is the massage. Try to get the lady boss, cause she gives the best and longest massages, totally worth the money!
4	Returned back to Envy Nail Spa on a Friday during lunch. There were only two other people getting services so they were able to take me right away. I got a pedicure and it was a great experience - my toes still look good even after two weeks! I just wanted to relax and perhaps the woman taking care of me noticed it since she just let me sit in silence. The chairs are plushy and comfortable and a tv is right above them. The place is clean and bright though small. My only gripe which is not Envy Nail Spa specific but the parking lot is small so you are left to find metered parking so I would suggest having a few quarters on hand.
4	I can honestly say this is one of the best manicures I've come by. I get the shellac manicure which is usually pricey, but here it was a modest $25 dollars, was done beautifully and by a very kind nail tech. I was really pleased with the cleanliness of the salon and kindness of the employees. It was a pleasure to get my nails done here and I can't wait to continue getting manicures!
5	LOVE this nail salon!  I walked in and they took me right away for a pedicure and shellac manicure.  I needed a redo from another salon I had a Living Social deal for.  I ended up not saving any money but I found a place I will be coming to for all my nail needs.  they use a Dremel file to take the calluses off your feet, they feel as soft as a newborn's!  The manicure lasted 15 days, would have been longer if my nails hadn't grown out.  They are fast and friendly and very economically priced!
5	L-O-V-E love this place. LOVE. I had been trekking out to Mt. Lebanon to Envy 1 to get my nails done, and finally the brother of Envy 1 opened Envy 2 in Shadyside. Hallelujah!The salon is clean and airy, and despite the roaring acrylic business, it doesn't stink of chemicals at all. It's not super huge (maybe 6 pedicure stations and 8 nail stations), which I actually like, but that means for Saturday/Sunday nails you definitely need an appointment. Most other days you can walk-in and get taken immediately.The salon has an extensive gel/shellac selection, and the owner was telling me that 80% of the manicures they do are shellac now. (If you haven't tried gel/shellac, oh honey, you MUST--2 weeks, no chips!). Prices are reasonable: $20 for a gel manicure, $50 for gel mani + a (non-gel) pedicure. AND you can put your tip on the credit card (unlike many other salons).My nails come out looking fabulous, cuticles clean and tidy. Everyone is very friendly and does a great job of gauging how much you want to talk. I mean, sometimes I'm up for a chit chat, but others, just let me veg. They're cool with that.All in all, the BEST nail salon in Pittsburgh!
5	My friend recommended this place and it's probably the best recommendation I could ever have received. The staff is friendly and out-going. They have a HUGE shellac color selection. This prices are good and the place is really clean. This is my new nail place for sure! No reason to go anywhere else. Try them out! :)
5	I absolutely adore this nail salon. Having been so disappointed by Capristo Salon's awful manicures, I started going here. AMAZING.  This is the cleanest nail salon I've ever been in. It's decorated pretty modern, it's always moderately busy too. Sometimes I can walk in, but I typically call ahead to make sure I get my favorite tech (the owner I think. Guy, long hair, younger, white T all the time).I've always had really oily nails so the gel polish never lasts two weeks on me. I am happy with 7-9 days. He worked with me to come up with a solution for putting the polish on in a different way so it lasts longer. He takes extra care and time with me just out of the kindness of his heart and his desire to have happy customers. One time, when I couldn't get in with him, another tech did my nails. This guy filed a bit too short so my regular tech stopped what he was doing, fixed them how I liked them, and switched clients so he could take care of me, a regular. It was really great.The pedicures are amazing also. They use the drummel drill on your feet and boy does the dead skin go flying! You feel like you have all new feet when you leave and they hold up so well.I cannot get over how friendly, well priced, and amazing this place is. Best nail salon I've ever been to hands down - not just in Shadyside but EVER.  They're clearly doing well for themselves because they're now opened on Sundays as well. I'm really happy this salon is close by. I'll be a loyal customer for as long as I live nearby.
5	Fantastic! Clean facility and always busy (a good sign- but make a reservation!) The polishes aren't old and crusty and they always have new colors.
1	I don't recommend at all. It was cheap- $20 for gel removal and a regular mani- but crappy. Unfriendly workers and the polish was very unevenly applied. No point at all to the massage, it sucked. Chipped within a few days. Also, parking sucks.
5	So everyone throws around the word "Shellac" like we do Kleenex and Tylenol when we may mean something broader like no chip nail polish, tissue or pain killer.  Today, I learned that Shellac is just a brand of gel nail polish...perhaps this isn't news to anyone but me.  Apparently many other nail companies have their own version of "shellac".  Examples: CND are the makers of ShellacHarmony makes GelishOPI makes GelColorWell here's better news, Envy carries such a wide variety of gel nail polish brands and colors that you'll be spending more time choosing a color than the manicure itself!  I was completely overwhelmed when selecting a color for my nails.  And wait for it, wait for it, you can mix and match between brands.  I used an OPI color as my base color and chose a Harmony silvery glitter to go on top of that.  Results - bright pink with glitter on top that should last for 2 weeks, in other words -  perfection.  The nail technicians are talented, patient, and precise - I was very impressed with the care they took while doing my nails.  They were friendly and efficient and the service was extremely affordable.  I learned that there's a South Hills location in Mt. Lebo which I want to check out since that's closer to home for me.  P.S. I made an appointment.  I can see how this place would get crowded in the evenings and weekends as there was a steady flow on a Thursday afternoon.
4	very good.  but uneven. what do I mean by good- clean, pleasant, the right price, and two of the best mani/pedies I've ever had -- precise, long lastingwhat do I mean by uneven -- also one of the worst manis I've ever had -- sloppy, rushed.So it's a good place to go and if you do I recommend that you find someone and stick to them, because the staff is not equally skilled
4	Best nail experience I've had in Pittsburgh yet! I had an event coming up and I needed my nails done asap! Called the day before and booked an appointment no problem. Although walk-ins were accepted with no issue, I would highly recommend an appointment so you can eliminate wait time! This was going to be my first Shellac/Gel manicure because I have heard nothing but good things about them! Much like everyone else, I destroy regular manicures within days, even hours! So I was excited to see what all the raving was about!First, I actually showed up on the early side (about 10 minutes early) and was taken within about 3 minutes, even though they were busy! (I had initially been instructed to go through the bowl in front of me at the wait table to pick a Shellac/Gel color, which confused me at first because I wasn't sure if the colors were true, but they are! Don't fret!) I believe the owner was the one who took me right away and he was wonderful! So nice, pleasant, calm, and easy going. Gave a great basic manicure and shaped my nails wonderfully! The whole Shellac application takes almost no time, there is no sit time waiting for nails to dry as when one hand is painted, it goes right into the UV dryer, and then onto the next hand! I had a hard time believing I would be able to reach into my purse right away to get out my wallet, but you can! I say this completely honestly as I am the queen of destroying nails right away! I probably have annoyed many a manicurist! The color looks amazing! I got the #44 which is an opaque pinky-white. Love it! Have gotten a ton of compliments on it, and since it's almost a week since my manicure, they still look like they were done an hour ago!Something I have found amazing too with the Shellac manicure is that I am a fresh college graduate who has two to three jobs at a time. I am a researcher by day and a DRA (dining room assistant) by night. My hands are constantly in and out of gloves, taking samples, opening envelopes, while at research, and then in the restaurant, they are constantly being washed, shining silverware, changing tables, etc! I am beyond rough on my nails and so far, not a chip! I honestly can't believe how amazing the Shellac manicure is! I will surely be getting only these in the future! Reasonably priced as well given how long they last and how fresh my nails look after a week plus!Can't wait for my next appointment!
3	I am awarding 3 stars, because my nail polish is already chipping after only 3 days. I scheduled an appointment for a mani-pedi on Saturday at 1pm.After reading all the reviews I was thrilled to have my nails done here. The place filled up quick, there were barely enough chairs to seat everyone who was waiting. I  enjoyed my pedicure/leg massage and foot soak and all. The manicure was a different story it was rushed and sloopy.  I am not upset with Nail Envy there really was a big crowd starting to grow. Next time I'll try and early morning session instead. I will be coming back but only for pedicures moving forward.  The staff was friendly and cheerful. Nail Envy also has a nice polish selection and the service was efficient.
4	I love this salon!  I've made appointments and also just stopped in.  While there may be a small wait without an appt, it's definitely reasonable.I love all of the gel color options that they offer, especially the OPI favorites!  You can also mix and match to create unique colors.The staff is friendly and attentive, and the prices are definitely fair.  Definitely check them out!!
1	I don't usually write bad reviews, but this place was TERRIBLE! I live in DC, but was visiting Pittsburgh for an engagement party and needed to have my shellac removed, and a mani/pedi. The pedicure was way too rough. Then, between the pedicure and manicure I sat and waited an extra 10 minutes so the nail technician could go outside and smoke a cigarette. He came back stinking like an ashtray and then proceeded to file and pick the shellac off of my nails with his fingernails. This made my nails incredibly weak and brittle. The reason I have been using shellac is that it was gentler on my nails than other gels, but it still lasts. Next, he gave me the most half-assed French manicure of my life. I just got a regular French manicure (not shellac). My nails were rough on the edges, thin to the point that they actually hurt, and he left nail polish on my fingers around the nail. Overall, sloppy and unprofessional. Never again.
2	Just ok. My pedi was mediocre and the paint job was sloppy.
5	I have been to Envy several times and have always had an excellent experience.  My pedicures last at least three weeks without chipping and they do a great job on calluses and rough spots.  You cannot beat the value that you receive here and they have a huge selection of regular and gel colors as well as the newest magazines.
4	I stopped in without an appointment and was taken right away.  I got a gel (shellac) manicure.  They have dozens (probably almost 100) of gel colors to choose from, and had just gotten new fall colors in the day I visited.  The guy who did my nails took the time to do everything well and consistently.  I had picked a metallic steel color that required six coats on some nails to achieve the opaque look that appeared on the sample.  Some salons would've slapped on two coats and sent me on my way.  Not here.  Not only that, but the edges are really clean.  If you've had gel before, you know a rough edge is what makes the polish lift and prevents you from getting the 2-3 week life that is possible with gel.  They do use a dremel to smooth nails and cuticles, which people have differing opinions about.  The place is clean and doesn't smell like chemicals.  It's modern looking and they don't use those weird model hands that you see in some nail salons.  Sure, parking in that area is tight, but they do have a lot, or you can always park over in the Eastside lot where Borders used to be and walk a block.Good customer service, attention to detail, and a wide range of color choices.  I spent $28 plus tip.  Will definitely go back!
3	I had a job interview coming up and of course needed to get a manicure at the last minute. I stopped in without an appointment and didn't have to wait at all. I brought my own polish, so we got started on the manicure right away. Overall, it was a basic service, but the massage was pretty much nonexistent. Not a huge deal, but would have been nice as I was stressing out over my upcoming interview! Since I brought my own polish, I didn't really get a chance to browse their selection- but it looked like they had a ton of colors for both regular polish and shellac. My manicure has lasted pretty well- I work in a restaurant, so nothing really lasts very long unless you get acrylics or shellac. I got it 4 days ago and I am noticing some chips, but that can't be the manicurist's fault. Overall, pretty much just a regular, nothing-too-special manicure.
2	My sister made appointments for myself and all of her bridesmaids (5 appointments total) the day before her wedding. Not only did they lose the appointments but the manicures were also poor. They filed my sisters nails into squares so she had to go home and file them into something normal. My own nail polish was applied very unevenly, and the girl only "massaged" one of my hands, kind of weird. Overall it was not relaxing or very enjoyable and we will not be going back.
4	This place is pretty nice, very clean and professional. Everyone was friendly too, and they had no problem making and then changing an appointment. I would say I got the best French manicure I've ever had, she had a really clever way of doing the paint, and didn't skip any of the prep. I can't report on the acrylic nails, but I would definitely go back for a paint manicure there.
4	Decent nail salon with TONS of colors to choose from, that's clean and organized, and is reasonably priced!Having just moved to Pittsburgh, I'm in the process of finding all of MY places.  My place for hair, my place for nails, my place for coffee...you get the picture.  So I took to yelp, of course, and found a few promising nail places.  In general, I look for no frills, simple, affordable nail salons that are clean.  (I was a little spoiled by my time in LA because there were $20 mani/pedi's at almost every corner!)  The key is to find a salon that is consistent and takes their time on each customer.  I care more about the time they spend cleaning up and manicuring your nails vs how long the paint lasts.  I'm obsessed with painting my nails and changing up the colors, so that I'll do myself.From the yelp reviews, Envy looked like it was probably priced a little higher than a basic cheap nail salon in Pittsburgh, but I definitely think the service matched the price and I was very satisfied with the pedicure I received!  It also looked like there were several regulars getting their nails done, so I'm assuming that they consistently deliver.Lastly, the place definitely looked like the staff takes the time to keep things tidy, organized and clean.  So another hint that Envy Nails will continue to deliver on each visit.
1	Never againGot pink and white acrylics and a pedicure. The shine dulled quickly and the powder was poor quality. White turned yellow and it's only been 4 days
1	Worst manicure I've had in years. He filed all my nails short without asking me. The polish was all over my skin around my nails and cuticles and, because it was red, it stained my skin. Do not recommend.
1	I have never had a mani pedi when my nails actually looked better BEFORE the mani padi. The place is dirty, the woman that did my nails could care less about it, I asked her to please "file" my nails since she felt like she shouldn't bother doing that. It was ridiculous. The clincher is - When the woman who was "doing" my nails moved my purse from the pedi to the mani station she didn't grab my phone, therefore I left my phone there -- and guess what... "they didn't find it"
1	My wife went here today with our daughter and her friend.  The girls are 8 years old.  Beforehand, my wife called and confirmed the price for the girls.  Then, after the manicures concluded, this salon charged twice the amount of the over-the-phone quote and then flatly refused to honor that quote.  Instead of making a scene in front of  the girls (who are having a great day otherwise), my wife decided not to return to this salon again.  Also, Lisa was "extremely rude" when confronted with the bait and switch pricing.
3	Update: manager refunded pricing difference to my wife.  Thx
4	I got the best gel manicure I've had in Pittsburgh here-- really careful and detail-oriented. A little pricey ($30) but worth it. Good hours as well. Parking is somewhat of a pain but that seems to be the case for all the decent East End nail salons.
4	The trick is to go see Mai or Tai (sp?), the owners. They are detail-oriented and do a good job. I believe they are both off Sundays, FYI. I returned several times, after calling ahead to make sure one of them was there and available. My advice to the owners is to be pickier about who they are hiring, and hold their staff to the same standard they adhere to.
4	I have never had a bad experience here, and I have been getting semi-regular gel manicures and regular pedicures for over a year at this location. I just ran in for a gel mani and regular pedi yesterday, on a Sunday, and I had another great experience.They have toned down the color scheme in the past year, and now it is very neutral without the crazy nautical/under the sea themes that you tend to find in walk-in nail salons. There are plenty of pedicure chairs (at least 6) and plenty of space to sit if you walk-in and need to wait a few minutes. They don't have the absolute most up-to-date OPI colors, so I tend to bring my own polish for pedicures, but they have a large variety of gel colors and brands, including Harmony (gelish), OPI, CND, and more! They have many new colors in the gel options. Lots of neutral options which is a must for me!On this visit, I had Lisa for both my pedicure and gel manicure. Lisa has worked on my nails in the past, and I need to just start asking for her, because she is very good. She has a no-nonsense personality, which I enjoy. She took a lot of time on my pedicure, and always does a good scrub and is very attentive with the pumice stone. I chose a cranberry red Gelish polish for my nails, and she was very precise and took her time to make it just right. There is nothing worse than a rushed manicure!I would recommend coming on a Sunday afternoon as they tend to be less busy on Sundays than Saturdays. I had no problem grabbing a parking space in the lot. You can make an appointment if you like, but generally, the wait is not overly long.This is definitely my go-to nail salon in the East Side. It may not be as luxurious as some of the expensive places, but for the price ($53 for a gel manicure and regular pedicure), it is definiteily my spot for regular maintenance on my nails and toes.
1	I have been coming here regularly since I moved to Shadyside in August.  I had the worst customer experience here ever.  I had made a 1pm appointment for my friend and I.  We were not taken back for our pedicures until 1:25, walk-ins were taken before us.  I have never had Peter before, but he started working on mine about 10 minutes later.  About 5 minutes later this older woman walked in and was like I have an appointment with Peter at 1:45, I will wait.  So Peter proceeded to rush through my pedicure and sat me down and was like let these dry and someone will help you with your manicure.  There was no one else available, he took the older woman and proceeded to do her manicure and make small talk.  I've never experienced such blatant ageism in my life.  I explained to him that my money was just as green as hers, I had already waited 30 minutes to be seen, and then I was cast aside in favor of an older patron.  Absolutely not.  I will never go back, they've lost my patronage and friends that I have brought in with me.  DO NOT GO HERE.  Unless you are older, they apparently care about you more than us 20-somethings.
1	Why bother making an appointment when 1/2 hour after you arrived on time they still haven't acknowledged you even walked in the door.When I asked about it they asked if I wanted to re-schedule. No I wanted the mani/pedi done that I scheduled for 1/2 hour ago.The 2 workers I asked then went silent. They didn't say another word - in english anyhow. They spoke quickly to each other in their language but didn't say anything else to me. The 2 women having mani's done even spoke up that their appointments were not on time.I had specifically asked when I made the appointment if 45 minutes was enough time (with no polish with mani) since I had another appointment across the street at 4:00. They said it was plenty. Would have been if they had taken me even 15 minutes late.So rude to have a customer waiting 1/2 hour with nobody saying they would be with me soon etc. If they can't provide basic customer service I don;t think anyone should take their chances here.Stay away!
3	I left here feeling 3 stars is just right. It's good, but not great. Now, I have to admit that having just moved back to Pittsburgh from LA I may have unreasonable mani-pedi expectations for the money (I am used to getting a solid 4-star mani pedi for $30, and a KILLER mani-pedi for $45). My experience was this: I made an appt for Sunday at 4PM to make sure there wouldn't be a lot of waiting. I was seen 30 minutes late, and by the time they got to me the techs seemed done for the day. The mani was a bit rushed (though it turned out well), I just like a little more attention to the shape of my nails and cuticles. The pedi was good, but the polish and cuticle work left some to be desired. The mani-pedi came to $40. This felt a little overpriced for what I got. I will be coming back, maybe earlier in the day closer to when they open to see if this works out a little better. I do get that by the end of the day peeps can be wiped out!
2	Have given this place several try's. Only the owner gives a decent manicure. Other staff are apathetic and do an inadequate job. Last visit, left after 45 minutes as it was still not clear if I would be waited on. Supplies can be old - bring your own.
2	You want to make an appointment at this place? Go ahead! It's another story that it doesn't matter when you show up, because you still get in the line. Fail!PS - Some employees are super rude and would yell at you.
5	This place is the best. Full service with nails, pedicures and waxing. Been coming here for about 3 months. They will always fit you in and don't mind  staying late. Everyone is so pleasant and ready to beautify you Love it! Looked for a while to find a good nail salon here in town. Finally found it.
3	I have been coming to this salon for years and I used to love coming here. Over the past year, I've noticed that the management of the salon has gone downhill. I always make an appt before I come, usually weeks in advance. Every time I have come, they've been backlogged, and taken other customers that were walk ins before me. Typically I have waited over half an hour beyond my appointment time to be seen. I don't understand the purpose of an appt if it doesn't seem to affect when I am I seen. I would give this nail salon 5 stars if it were just for quality of services, but unfortunately the lack of appointment management and general confusion about order of seeing customers typically ruins the experience.
