5	Relaxing, rejuvenating, the place to be for a little pampering of your body and mind. We all need a little here and there especially after the long weeks and months of work and kids. Both men and women can enjoy a great atmosphere and pleasant staff as they work with you to achieve what you're looking for. They also have a licensed dermatologist on staff. A little sun damage, come in. Need a bit of a boost, b12 on the way.
5	I drive from Vail Arizona, sometimes twice a month to visit with Dr. Shannon York in Peoria Az. I have several different treatment done at this facility. I love Dr. York and Derma Health because Dr. York is someone you could talk to and explained almost anything to and she would listen and give her professional advice. She cares about her patients and is very professional. I drive 2-3 hours because Dr. York is so different from many other doctors. She always model a smile and is very educated about her job. There is absolutely not another like her. The staff there are all so inviting and professional. The office is beautiful and exceptionally clean. I have done facial, laser, and hcg diet just to name a few. I am extremely satisfied with my result and the service that is offered to me.
5	I was very pleased w my experience at Derma Health. I have gotten Botox at multiple places, including an upscale plastic surgeons office. Until now, I've only gotten a fraction of the result I was looking for, if any at all. I get Botox in the same area to raise my brows, smooth my eyelid, & to just look refreshed & younger. Every time I have gotten it, it's in a different injection site & I get different results. Derma Health gave me the BEST results AND for HALF THE PRICE!! I couldn't be happier. They were also very sweet & don't try to pressure you into products or services. They're honest w you & tell you what you would truly benefit from. 2 thumbs UP!!
5	Convenient hours, combined with skilled specialists and a well-laid-out clinic, make for a great experience.One of the several Derma Health Institute offices in Greater Phoenix, and a hidden gem in the Arrowhead Ranch area, this Peoria medspa has a fun, helpful team that truly care about you and the way you look. A special treat: An outstanding facial or peel by Laurie, their amazing aesthetician.  And because they're the largest provider of Botox in Arizona, super-duper pricing on this wrinkle-reducer!Bottom Line: Great products, great location, great staff!
5	I went in for photo facial today because I have lots of freckles and redness in my skin. Laurie was my technician and she was fabulous. She explained the entire procedure what was going to happen. She explained the contraindications and the aftercare.  she also explains what the laser treatment would feel like. She made it very comfortable and easy and effortless to get through my treatment. Great bedside manner with the fabulous touch. I'll be back!
