4	Best cleaners I've found in Scottsdale.  Everything always comes back clean and well pressed.  They did lose one shirt of mine over the years but they replaced it and in fact later found it and returned it to me.  I just found out that they deliver and pick up.  Would like to find a "greener" location, however their service is excellent.
4	These guys are great! They restored my clothes that were looking worn out from another dry cleaners and charged me a super reasonable rate. I think it was like $15 for 4 items (no coupon) whereas my other regular dry cleaners charged me over $30 (with coupon). But even if it had been more expensive, my clothes look and feel fantastic. I'm not sure if they do same day service or not--their sign says they do but I dropped my clothes off at 11:30AM and they weren't ready until 5PM the next day. I may have just missed the window though for same day service or maybe you have to request it. I would never go to another cleaners. Even though they are kind of out of the way for me (I'm a couple more exits north past Shea) their work can't be matched, especially for the price.
2	This place does nice dry cleaning, but it comes with a HEFTY pricetag and sketchy unpredictable pricing. One day, they'll charge you $6.00 to clean a skirt and the next day it will be $7.50. When they upped their prices, I didn't find out until I picked up my 14 clothing items and had a huge bill. They don't give you an itemized receipt here, unless you ask for one...then it's typically a huge production to get your receipt. When I questioned the changing prices, I was given blank stares by everyone who works in there. My husband and I are two working professionals who bring in about 30 items per month. Because of their pricing and business practices, we will not return to Mark's Cleaners again. And I predict that in this economy, a place like this, won't be around much longer.
1	DO NOT USE THIS DRY CLEANERS THE OWNER (BRION) IS A THIEF!!!!!!I have been sending my dry cleaning to Mark's Cleaners for some time now.  In January I dropped of my clothing to get cleaned a few weeks later I picked them up and placed them in my closet.  Yesterday I was organizing my closet and noticed my expensive Arizona Cardinals sweatshirt was missing.  I emailed Mark's Cleaners about the missing shirt where he said it was at the store.  Once I arrived at the cleaners the owner (Brion) said he took my sweatshirt home I asked him why did he take it home? He said he did not think I was coming back for it.  I had to call Scottsdale police department to get my clothing back. Once the officers got to the store Brion turned over the sweatshirt.  The officers said he came up with some lame excuse why he didn't turn it over.  Brion wore my sweatshirt, it is dirt, smells of his cheap cologne, and it is faded.  I asked for payment for my destroyed shirt and the owner (Brion) refused.  Anyone thinking of using Mark's Cleaners DO NOT USE THEM!  I will keep you posted as I have taken legal actions for my loses.Joe
5	I've just finished 7 years of being a Mark's Cleaners customer.  I drop off usually once a week, sometimes twice.  The same two wonderful morning smiles and great service have been there the entire time, Iora and Teresa.  They are a big part of having developed my loyalty.  Orders are ready on time, one day service when necessary and I've almost never had anything that needed to be redone in all the years.  I have the sense that there is a pride in the work and it shows.  They have my vote and my appreciation.  Mr. Mace as they call me,   Scottsdale
1	This review greatly saddens me. To quote the most interesting man in the world "I don't always write reviews, but when I do....it's important."         I'm writing about my AWFUL experience in dealing with Mark's cleaners. I will attempt so do so succinctly as possible. I dropped off an order SPECIFICALLY to be picked up next day because I was leaving out of town. I made it abundantly clear that I needed it next day for a very important trip. This entire conversation occurred with Brian (the manager). I made it clear that I would be a new customer if everything went well and the service was quality. He said no problem come back tomorrow anytime after 5.      The next day I show up and the fun begins. My order of course was not completed. The ladies there were in a daze and could not locate my clothes. Everything was so unorganized; it was a mess. Finally, we narrowed down the few spots the shirts could be. I then had to locate them myself because they had no system of keeping track of them. The only problem with that was the shirts wear soaking in this solution that was in the back of the facility. The conditions were deplorable. It was really just an awful experience to have to personally find my clothes in this heaping pile of filth. After 30 mins I located all 9 of my shirts. They were completely soaked! Long story short I took them home with the help of the ladies that were working there. I gave them my card and told them that I expect a call from Brian.        Long story short I spend 3-4 hours cleaning my shirts at home, learning how to launder my really pricy custom shirts at home with a conventional washer dry. It was certainly an adventure i will never forget.      Upon returning from my trip I realized I had never received a call. I call Brian (The excuse of a Manager) to see how he could try to resolve my awful experience.  This guy had noting. All he said was " I'm sorry" and " I don't know what else to tell you." Completely apathetic to the awful predicament  this established put me in. I had left one tie there because we couldn't find it originally. He didn't even offer to give me a discount for the dry cleaned tie. He charged me $3:50 for the tie.         In conclusion, it's not that fact they made a mistake, or the fact that conditions were awful, or even that Brian was a royal douche. What really made this one of the worst business transactions for me was the mishandling at every step, and the unwillingness to make things right.  I hate writing reviews but this one had to be done in such detail because of the egregious errors in customer service.  Anybody knows that's eventually mistakes will happen at the dry cleaners, but their willingness to fix the situation is what separates the good from the bad.
1	This is my first ever Yelp review. I was soooooo disappointed in Mark's Cleaners that I had to let other people know how bad they are. I have used Yelp many times to locate and use great business around the valley. It has been immensely helpful. I wish I had read the reviews for Mark's Cleaners. I would not have gone there.I took two very expensive pillow covers in to get dry cleaned. They were silk and had  fringe with little multi-colored balls hanging from them. I told them they needed to be very careful with them as they were very delicate. They said , "no problem".  They said it would take a week to clean household items, a long time in my estimation, but I hoped that meant they would take their time and do a great job.  That did not happen.I went in a week later to pick up my pillow covers and they brought out a plastic garbage bag with my pillow cover literally in "pieces".  They said they were going to call me to let me know but just hadn't gotten around to it. I told them this was unacceptable and they said  "We cleaned them just the way you asked us to". I asked to see the manager/owner. He came out and said he didn't know how it happened. He said they put them in the "tumbler" and that was just how they came out.  When I asked him what he was going to do about it he literally said "It's not our fault, They should never have made the pillow covers this way." No ownership. No apology. No offer to make it right or fix it.....Nothing.
