2	I have lived here,  as long as you don't have to deal with the leasing office staff and stay happy in your apartment -it works. The maintenance issues take more than a week to get attention even if they say 24 hours. The management staff is very inconsiderate of your situations and requests for either late rent by a few hours ( charge$50 for rent an hour late!)or any guest/RV parking requests and such. Be prepared to enjoy the dog barking next door or loud music through their thin walls. Pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough. A very small gym and I have had neighbor's cat in my patio because they just leave her out. Sigh! so much for the good looking pictures of the community and a good floorplan. I have also found people complaining of their dishonest business practices and charging later for things not clarified upfront.I wish they were as polite with the residents as they are when you come to sign up for the apartment; it is ridiculous that they assume the right to be rude to residents who pay for their services!
1	I've lived here 3 weeks and it's appalling to live here. I tried to look past all the little issues because it was a decent apartment in a nice area until it rained and my apartment smelled like cat pee. I complained to the apartment from my move in that the carpet is nasty and after I complained this time their contracted carpet people say it's my fault because the people THEY hired see no issue so at this point I have to deal. STAY AWAY!!!!
1	Less than one star - I live here and the staff is terrible.  The apt above me had a water leak and ruined my ceiling, crown moulding, carpet.  It has taken them weeks to do any repairs and recently lied about mold testing when I requested it.  My carpet stinks and they just painted over the sagging, stained smelly ceiling.  The staff is rude and far from helpful.  Now I have an ant infestation and they haven't even tried to correct it when asked.  "they are handling it in the order received"  meanwhile, my kitchen is infested.  This place is  "THE SLUMS OF SCOTTSDALE"  - it's not cheap to live here and wish I had never stepped foot in this craphole.
1	This place look beautiful from the outside and is located in a great area so we thought. Problems started right away.#1. The walls are so thin you can hear the tv or the children in the next room.#2 The maintenance tickets dont get done for a long time. My dryer broke around 15 times and they refused to replace it, One of the maintenance man suggested i go do my laundry at a friends house?? really#3. HUGE COCKROACHES!! I was told WELCOME TO ARIZONA!! I was told they were PALOMINO ROACHES!! UHHH !! GROSS!! Afraid to open my balcony door because they would fly in!#4. THE pool look AMAZING!! BUT BUT in the SUMMER YOU HAVE ALL this KIDS from outside the facility PARTYING!!! Drinking smoking POT!! YES in front of your kids!! FWI: This is not a SAFE place for KIDS!! HAD to call the POLICE several time with older teenager been disrespectful to my young children.#5. Finally OUR LEASE ENDED!! Was offered to stay month to month was never told if we did our rent would increase by almost 700.00 dlls a month. Was informed 2 months Later!!I know they look great but trust me!! GO SOMEWHERE ELSE
1	Do not at Pillar At Scottsdale.  The staff is horrible, rude, and unwilling to help.  Everything was fine until something in your apartment breaks and needs to be fixed.  But the second that you have to deal with the staff in the leasing office you are treated like a piece of trash.  They make up lies about you and then spread them so when you need help with something they will not help you.  It took 4 days for this staff to even come out and fix a washer that leaking bad enough to cause water damage to the walls and the floor.  Once they came out and fixed it while i was gone i came home to my apartment being unlocked and they try to blame it on me.  They wont take the blame for it and even apologize to me even it was a mistake.  And then you take to the manager who wears her sunglasses on her head and lays back in her chair and could care less what you have to say.  Needless to say after dealing with trying to get the washer fixed it is still leaking.  Save your money and head aches and just look for another apartment.  There are far better options that are cheaper.  I promise you will be much happier.
5	If you're looking for a high quality, customer-oriented staff in the management office AND in the maintenance staff- they are here!  I've never seen the combo team work so well together as they do at Pillars!  The office is fair and even pledge a grace period of THREE DAYS to pay rent past the first!  24 hour response to every maint request & immediate response during my maint. emergencies!  Plus-- when my roommate left, I was able to transfer to a smaller unit to save money!Love these guys!
1	The last couple years I would've given Pillar 5 star ratings. This year I give it 1 star. A fire destroyed the fitness center, indoor basketball court, and left the pool closed for 2 weeks. They should have the new fitness center and indoor basketball court completed within a couple months. There is currently a deal on Groupon to stay nightly for $69 with dates into September available. They may as well rent it by the hour. It is bringing in riffraff from all over. Are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents? Starting July 1st alcohol will not be allowed in the pool area. Memorial Day weekend is usually a good indicator of what the pool season will be like. This season is not looking good. Also, the controlled access gates are never closed and the gas grills by the pool don't work properly, if at all.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about the pillars. Our neighbors are loud but that's more about the luck of the draw. I would recommend the pillars!
1	I'm not sure where Cloey K lives, but it's definitely not the Pillars at Scottsdale. This place is just short of a dump. People leave their trash everywhere, the roads are pothole ridden and what the hell gym is she going too??? That thing went up in flames  a few months ago and hasn't opened since. And maintenance 24 hours??? Yea right. If you call the office you will talk to someone who just started working there (they have turn over like nobodies business) and likely not get a ticket raised.  I asked for the lights to be replaced outside my unit last week and I'm still using my iPhone flashlight to find the key hole at night. If you try and log into the Pillar website, you may or may not find the button for maintenance issues up and running. And one final thing, the gate in this "gated community" hasn't been shut in about a year. I've been here almost two years and I'm leaving before my lease is up because I just can't take it anymore. What am i paying for? The "luxury amenities"? Please. You can keep your concierge service; they wouldn't know how to make a reservation, let alone a recommendation for some place to eat.
4	We've been here for about 2 months now. So far so good. I'm not too thrilled about the actual apartment, but that has nothing to do with them, and more to do with the fact that I didn't speak up more in decision making time with my husband. The office staff seems very friendly and helpful. Kylie, I believe her name is, she's great! Matthew, I've spoken with him a few times on the phone, he's hilarious. Michelle, I believe she's the main maintenance gal, she's flipping awesome! It's a bummer that the gym and front area is still out of commission. There seems to be quite the bee problem here. We've been stung a few times, but, this IS arizona.... And the rest of my gripes have to do with the apartment itself. But again, my fault and not there's. So happy to be back in Scottsdale and out of GILBERT!
5	Maybe this place had some issues in the past, but as a current resident it's been great. It is nestled in a safe area just north of the iconic Frank Lloyd Wright needle. Pros:-Spacious Apartments-Garage spaces come with most units-24 Hr Maintenance -Great Pool with waterfalls-Workout room-Basketball CourtCons: -Haven't ran into to many yet besides the fact that our unit wasn't cleaned properly before moving in.
5	I  really do love living here. Even though we had a fire and the gym is now out of commission they worked very very hard to get the pool up and running. They also respond very quickly to service requests that me or my roommates make. It is quiet and great neighbors that are very dog friendly.  The only complaint I have is that the parking is really bad. They try to cram 20 + vehicles into this weird straight line in the middle of the town homes.  The good is that on the inside it feels very open in the 3 bedroom 3 bathroom with big living rooms.  It's also one of the best locations with Trader Joes, Whole Foods and Scottsdale Quarter/Kierland right next door.
1	I've been living in this "luxury apt community" for quite a while and "luxury" it's not. DO NOT MOVE into these disgusting, filthy apts. They keep the outer appearance of the property looking nice but for the inside...Just about everything in my unit is broken,frig, microwave, washer, dryer, garbage disposal and ice maker. The maintenance staff is incapable of fixing anything properly (especially Lacey). He installed a new ice maker(my 6th one) and I couldn't understand why it still didn't work the next day. The idiot never reconnected the water hose. I've also had a fire because another maintenance worker connected a negative and positive wire together(another idiot). It's obvious they are lacking in the training dept. I've also had many major leaks, air conditioner problems, roaches and the list goes on. Now for the "management team"! The most unprofessional, rude, and condescending people I have ever met-especially Ocatahey(Spelling?) She claims she's the ass't manager. She has a lot to learn about customer service. Since my residency began the office has gone through so many office workers it's not even funny. Even the workers are unhappy and it's very apparent. I spoke to a disgruntled employee who told me my air conditioning unit is wired improperly and is unsafe and a hazard. I'm not surprised, they put band-aids on everything instead of fixing things properly. Even when I had the fire I was given a hard time about where I should stay that night since the fire dept said it wasn't safe to stay in the apt that night. No mercy!!!! I agree with another reviewer who wrote about the thin walls! I  can hear my neighbors coughing, sneezing and having sex. This is not something I particularly want to hear!!!! Management does not value their residents. I feel like I'm living in a college dormitory! I've had several neighbors that have loud parties and a lot of drinking. I stopped using the pool because it became so offensive to me. It's a bunch of drunks, cursing, swimming in the pool while smoking and throwing hard footballs over your head. This is not my idea of "luxury living" as stated in the pillar advertising. In addition to all the above mentioned, I just received a new lease. I live in a 2 bedroom which is increasing to$1356.00. Needless to say, I will not be renewing my lease. My neighbor, who has the same unit and moved in the same time I did pays 1245.00. Discrimination? I say a big YES! If you complain about anything it's held against you and you're labeled a trouble maker . I've been a great resident, pay my rent on time(never been late) and the pillar doesn't recognize a long standing, good resident, I'm sure I can find a place that would gladly appreciate me.
