4	From the minute of arrival, you can tell that customer service is of great emphasis here.  There were numerous greeters and  everyone introduced themselves by name while maintaining eye contact and displaying inviting smiles. It was evident the one of the bussers was a bit nervous, but I saw him working quickly and efficiently throughout the entire evening. At the beginning of our meal, we were asked if we preferred Pelligrino or Fiji water; We opted for the Fiji. I also ordered a Coke, but found out that they carried Pepsi products.  One thing I didn't like was the fact that the soda came in a tall , but thin glass.  I refilled my beverage 3 times (and that doesn't include my Fiji refills) during the course of the night.To start, we were brought out complimentary bread alongside virgin olive oil and vinegar. For appetizers, we ordered the jumbo lump crab cakes.  The order came w/ 2 crab cakes with Sriracha - Lime and Basil Aioli sauce.  I liked both, but favored the Sriracha - Lime (which provided a little spice). At first, I didn't know what the sauces were.  I stopped one of the servers (not mine) walking by to question him about the sauce.  He apologized for his lack of knowledge, but found me the answer right away. We also Spinach Artichoke Dip.  I'm a big fan and  I tend to order it whenever restaurants have it.  I highly recommend it! It was served with crispy tortilla strips. The dip was amazing and very cheesy.  I noticed the cheese is different from most places(it's a good change).  The final appetizer we ordered was Skillet-Roasted Jumbo Prawns (sorry for the lack of official names. I don't have a copy of the menu and the website is not updated).  The Prawns were amazing. It was served in the skillet atop 2 bricks of salt and marinated in a citrus glaze mixed with garlic.  They tasted so fresh as if they were just yanked out of the ocean!  We were even given the proper utensils to de-shell these babies (hint: turn it over... they did half of the work for you).  We had a party of 3 this evening and ordered the Meat Loaf with Fluffy Mashed (that's their fancy word for Mashed Potatoes), Rock Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli, and Filet Mignon (sides were Sauteed Spinach and Baby Portobello Mushrooms). The spinach was visually stimulating, but was extremely salty.  The  Mushrooms were drenched in a darker - based sauce that took away from the flavor of the mushrooms itself.  When the Filet Mignon first came out, my initial reaction was: "Why did they use such a big plate?"  The plate looked so bare due to the lack of garnishment, but the steak itself was very good.  It was about 2 inches thick and 4 inches wide.  I ordered it Medium Rare and that's exactly the way it was served.  The meat loaf lacked in presentation and was a bit on the dry side, but was still enjoyable.  The potatoes were fluffy just like the name states.  The Rock Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli was mediocre.  The serving size was about 5 raviolis smothered in the sauce with minuscule pieces of shrimp.  I was under the assumption that the shrimp would be larger, but then again there was no mention of the shrimp size on the menu.   For dessert we ordered Bread Pudding and Tiramisu.  The server recommended the Tiramisu, which was to die for!  The server explained that their Tiramisu is made entirely from scratch.  It's the best Tiramisu I have ever tasted. I couldn't decide which was better of the two, but the Bread pudding was definitely richer in taste.  The Tiramisu was flavorful, yet very light.  I would definitely recommend both to anyone that decides to dine here.  I finished the evening with a cup of Cappuccino.  My sister ordered hot tea.  They had a selection of hot teas and actually brought out a wooden tea box for my sister to choose from.  I thought that was pretty awesome!  She ended up going with the Simply Mint Green Tea.  We then got a round, silver tin containing Brown and White sugar cubes.  What a nice touch... I've never seen that done before!  The Cappuccino was extra frothy and strong in taste... perfect for those that need that caffeine fix. Pricing for the food was decent (especially considering that this is located inside the Venetian on the Las Vegas Strip).  Restaurants on the strip tend to be a bit pricey, but this place was not bad at all. Overall, I'd give this restaurant 4 out of 5 stars.  If it weren't for the overly salty spinach and mushrooms, I'd rate this restaurant a 5.  They are definitely a 5 when it comes to customer service.  This was only a soft open and I have confidence that next time I visit (I would definitely return again and recommend this place to friends), the spinach and the mushrooms will be perfecte
2	Bad service, although the rating was not based on the service.  I didn't get my American Kobe Beef burger until everyone had finished their meal.  Apparently they sent the burgers to the wrong table.  I don' t know how, but they did.  I hope the other table wanted medium rare.Once I did get my burger it wasn't even that good.  I split it in half with another person so I could try the Italian burger as well.  Both burgers were prepared medium rare and had a good amount of red in the middle.  This was just the way I would have liked it.   Too bad the burger itself tasted just like a typical burger.  While the kobe beef was soft and tender, the taste was just average.  There was minimal difference between the kobe patty and normal italian burger patty.  The italian burger was nothing more than bread, a few pieces of greens with italian dressing and patty.The french fries were dry and were fairly thin.  The side of sauteed spinach could not be any saltier.
1	Horrible Service for sub par food. I made reservations for 10 people a day ahead of time for lunch. When we arrived we were seated and orders were taken...this is when the "adventure" began. The main courses were served at different times - some of our group literally finished their food, before others had any food to eat. Two individuals were given their food in to-go bags over an hour and a half later and it was explained their food was sent to the wrong table. This was extremely embarrassing to me as I was hosting my customers and they had to go back to classes. The restaurant took off their meals from the bill and took off gratuity (which I added some back on) As for the food....I had the Kobe burger which was the worst Kobe burger I have ever had....I have had regular burgers that are much better. I will not return here again.
1	Service started out ok...then waitress spilled grease in my suit jacket and then it went downhill.  She was replaced and then wait staff was distant from my table. Manager apologized and comped entire meal...but suit is ruined.....very incompetent staff.... Never going to return....
5	Went here for my brother's bachelor party. They gave us a table for 10 in the back, near the kitchen.  Service was spectacular.  From the moment we walked in, they were attentive, seating us right on schedule.  We ordered some appetizers (some flat bread pizzas with cheese and meat) and some bottles of wine.For dinner, everyone had a wide range of foods, including kobe hamburger, veal Parmesan, some pasta dishes, steak, chicken, flat bread pizza (not recommended for dinner).  We also had a couple of bottles of wine and some beer.  Some of the sides we had included linguine pasta (plain), mac and cheese (recommended), and some others that escape me now...When they served us, a group of about 4 serves would come in and serve everything very quickly and efficiently, much like in upscale (and pricier) restaurants.  Since it was a bunch of guys, and we were definitely satisfied with the portions, there was no for dessert.I would and probably will go back the next time I'm in Vegas.Prices were reasonable for the food, though the appetizers, wine and other drinks of course jacked up the price quite a bit...
3	Timpano Tavern at the Venetian Resort & Casino in Las Vegas is incredibly attractive as you walk in. Granted, if the food tastes as good as the decor looks, this place will be a hit. We gave it a chance. My party ordered "starters" of: 1 dozen fresh oysters at $24.00, (extremely fresh and tasty and nicely priced), also two onion soups - gratinee, which had no Gruyere cheese on the skimpy crouton as advertised and further had a very peculiar taste to the onion-less broth that was left - $7.00 each. --These puppies were sent back to the kitchen. Also a House Salad was also nicely prepared and enjoyable at $9.00. Entrees consisted of a Kobe Cheese Burger, at $19.00 - most excellent; Lobster Ravioli - acceptable at $23.00, and an 8 oz. Fillet Mignon, which was prepared superbly, at $29.00, accompanied by a mini mac & cheese w/ truffle casserole ,at $6.00, which was also excellent. A Chocolate Tart was shared for desert and was quite delicious, at $4.00,-- the only downside was that you needed an electron microscope to see it. Pre-dinner cocktails and two after dinner Sambucas and a coffee helped produce a total bill including a 20% tip, of $213.00. Not too bad for a party of three. Excluding the disaster masquerading for onion soup gratinee and the micro-desert, the dinner was quite enjoyable and was served superbly and professionally by a chap named Josh. I would give the Timpano Tavern another chance.
5	I had dinner at Timpano with 8 friends, choosing the restaurant based on its menu which looked very good and wasn't quite as expensive as some of the other places nearby.The staff was super nice and friendly, and took good care us.  I had a delicious veal dinner after a variety of appetizers that were all quite tasty.Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going to hit them up again!
3	My girlfriend and I wandered over to this restaurant while waiting for our Blue Man Group show to start and we were not disappointed. The bread sticks were warm and delicious! We started with the fried Calamari, which was fried perfectly leading to a good texture. The dipping sauces were a nice compliment to it as well. My girlfriend got the pasta Alfredo. She said it was very good, although I feel it is hard to screw up an Alfredo sauce. I also got a difficult dish to screw up, chicken parmigiana, it was very good though. I liked how they served the spaghetti that comes with it; the sauce was already on it and it was wrapped up in a ball and served on the plate. I posted a picture of this. I just liked how there wasn't too much sauce served with it, just the right amount. I wouldn't hesitate to go back and try some of their other more complicated dishes.
4	Do I like this place?  Yes I do.  Would I come back?  I already have...flew in all the way from SF.  What drew me back here was the truffle fries.  The first time I came I had the ahi tuna and truffle fries.  A few weeks later I came back and just sat at the bar with an order of fries.  I also had the pasta with bolognese sauce...perfect for 2 people...that is sharing the truffle fries too of course.  I can't wait to see you again in July my fries.
2	This place was below average. Artichoke dip was ok, calamari was horrible. If you go wrong with calamari, then the restaurant has issues. It was pretty much just batter and no squid. My meatloaf was salty and edible but that's about it. The ravioli was under cook and bad. In general, everything including my mash potatoes was salty. My friend couldn't finish his meatloaf and left to eat Chinese food at the Venetian. Service was fine though but we left disappointed the plates averaged 20 bucks aside for steak items.
3	My friend and I wanted to eat somewhere other than Grand Lux. We first tried getting a table at Tao, but it was a 2 hour wait so we ventured here. The restaurant was pretty empty so we figured service would be quicker than other restaurants.We got the tomato and the herbed chicken flatbread. The tomato flatbread tasted light and flavorful. It had a sweet, caramelized taste. The herbed chicken flatbread was a miss. The chicken was a bit dry. I think I would have appreciated it more if I ate it as a late night snack.The wasabi fries were great. Each fry had a bit of a kick to it.The complimentary bread was delicious! It tasted as if it was coated with butter. The ambiance was modern and elegant, which can pretty much be said about most restaurants in Vegas. I don't remember if there was a theme. There was a lot of red going on. The waiter was nice and attentive despite the fact that we ordered the inexpensive entrees.
2	Theme of the night: SLOOOOOOWThe night started out promising: the hostess was notably attentive and friendly. Jessica, the bartender was solid and knowledgeable.  But it was downhill from there.Our waiter introduced himself and his partner. Friendly enough guy.  He took our drink order but then disappeared for 15 minutes. As the drinks were finally delivered the jokes started about ordering round 2 right then so that we'd have them by the time we drank these. Little did he know how true that would ring.After 30 minutes we had to call the waiter back over to take our order.  THIRTY minutes.  Our food came 45 minutes later.  Yes, we received our entrees almost 90 minutes after we sat down.  This wasn't a 5 star restaurant where that might be ok, people.To our waiter's credit, he did keep us somewhat updated, letting us know the kitchen was running slow/behind and took an entree off the bill.  But he wasn't too attentive otherwise - keep us filled on drinks at least, por favor?Notice I haven't said anything about the food. It was ok - not bad but nothing memorable.  But mostly since the experience had been ruined by the time the food finally came, it wouldn't really have mattered how good the food was.The 3am meal at Chicago Brewing Company was more memorable and enjoyable than this, if that tells you anything.
