3	Vegas Express Sushi (VES) can be found all over Vegas.  They are usually the supplier for premade sushi at supermarkets and the like.However, there are a handful of locations that will make some basic sushi items for you on the spot.  Mind you, this isn't a place to sit and dine, but rather to order and go.  They don't offer anything fancy in terms of a sushi bar to view the goods either.  Their menu is simple and to the point.At this particular location, they also sell alkaline water and Filipino goods.  Yes, their specialty is water and Filipino items from the dried, canned or frozen.  We were pleasantly surprised with all the different items that had stocked in this little market.  I'm sure there's a markup versus visiting Seafood City, but it saves you the gas money in this case.Nonetheless, it's your local water source, Filipino grocery store, and take out sushi joint.
3	I love that they are nearby and have 10ph high alkaline water. I refill two 5-gallon bottles at a time. The only problem is I've tried to go there in the morning a couple of times and they were not open even though their neon open sign was blinking, Maybe this is meant for their water dispensers outside the store. I am without water right now and I'm thirsty. Besides being a water store, they make the sushi for the local grocery stores. I've not ordered from here but that's because I'm not a fan of the grocery stores sushi. One day I will give it a try, just to try and I'll update my review with how that goes. But as you can tell by my tone, I'm not expecting much. It's better to have low expectations and then be blown away right? :P
4	A friend and I have joked around about trying this place for some time. The combination of a water and sushi store, just sounded odd. Yes, fish do live in water, but I never thought about these two items to be the main products of a business.We had went to Sam's Club before in an attempt to buy groceries to cook dinner. By the time we had finished doing errands, it was getting late. Passing on everything except salad ingredients we trekked to another store and found nothing. Guess it was time to stop messing around and finally try this place. When we got there, the lady running the shop was walking to the door. We found out later that they closed at 7:00 and we had got there at 7:15. Instead of kicking us out, she didn't even mention anything. Throughout our browsing of the store, she was patient. The shop is a basic convenient stop for Asian products with an emphasis on Filipino items.The sushi was surprisingly delicious. We got a tray of Inari (sushi rice stuffed tofu skins), Seaweed Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, and a mixed plate. All of this came out to $20. On our drive home, I opened the tofu wraps and they were warm and flavorful. For a quick bite, made on the spot, it is a good alternative.
4	This was my local alkaline water place but I have since started home delivery of water. But when I did come here, Jennifer the lady that owns and runs the place is always really friendly and helpful. Their standard is alkaline 8 water but they sell a alkaline 10 at a premium. Can I tell the difference between the two? No, but the way I see it is that for the cost Of a bottle of water at the store, I can get a gallon of the alkaline 10 so it's worth it. Good water is great for you especially with the tap water we have here in las vegas.
5	Ok, so I'm checking out the reviews here and the 1 facade photo of this place and I'm thinking, no thanks.  But I "accidentally" came across Vegas Express Sushi because they supply Glazier's market with sushi... and they are GOOD.  Their takeout sushi is superior to the dried out crappy stuff you can buy at Vons or most gocery/deli stores.  Their cooked rolls compare to the ones you can buy at Costco, and their raw nigiri is very fresh.  For the price, you are definitely getting the next best thing to stepping in a sushi joint.  Also, they have awesome large party platters!  I'll be posting photos of their takeout and menu this weekend. (FYI, this is a takeout place with a small Asian grocery, not a restaurant with seating.)
5	My husband and I came here a week ago to buy some sushi but they were closed. An employee was still inside the store so my husband tapped on the door to get her attention. She let us know that they were closed BUT she let us know that they make the sushi daily for Glazier's, which is right up the street (Warm Springs & Durango). Thankfully, we drove up the street and brought home some delicious sushi. I HIGHLY recommend their sushi. Whether you get it directly from the store or Glazier's.
5	Love this place because it's very convenient for me to buy spices I need for cooking. And the owner is very friendly. She's really nice!!! The sushi is not bad at all. Freshly made.
5	I can be somewhat of a procrastinator at times, and last week was one of those times.  I needed to make sushi for an important demonstration I was having in front of 20 people, but didn't get around to doing it.  The DAY OF my demonstration was when I decided to scramble and find some place that could cater the sushi for me.  I found Vegas Express Sushi on Yelp and wasn't sure if I should go through them because the pictures posted doesn't show a very "sushi-making type of place".  However, their largest platter was at a reasonable price which beat the other places I had called.I decided to call and spoke with an older woman (I really wish I got her name).  She was VERY polite and assured me that she could have my platter ready and made in an hour and a half (I needed it in two).  Forty minutes later, she called me back and let me know that it was ready for pick up!When I got to the store, I was even more surprised because the pictures on Yelp depict the store exactly!  It looks like a liquor/convenience store.  However, when she realized I was there to pick up my platter, she QUICKLY disappeared into the back of the store.  Before my nerves could unsettle themselves, this woman came scuttling back while carrying a GIANT sushi platter with much more than what I had ordered, and a GIANT smile on her face.  She rang me up, the whole time describing what was inside, how she made it, and how grateful she was that I had ordered.  I could tell that this woman was very proud of what she does there and very grateful for the customers she receives.  I took a closer look at the platter with her and it was beautiful!Oh, and as for quality of the food itself, well...When I got  to my demonstration the ENTIRE sushi platter was gone in less than 10 minutes of me opening it for the meeting.
4	Don't let the name throw you, I wish I would've tried it sooner! The prices are as great as the quality. I was pretty impressed. The shop lady is very endearing too. She gave me free water with my sushi. :D
4	Great price for Togo sushi. Lady was really nice, and grateful. She gave me a free water. I got salmon and tuna sashimi. I like salmon not too big on the tuna. But it was fresh. I think better price on catering.
