4	I love this complex! The staff is excellent; they are friendly and responsive to my issues but not overly fake, invasive, or trying to create that false sense of community that never exists in a complex of hundreds of different people. The grounds are very maintained and they respond very quickly and appropriately to maintenance calls. The only reason I gave them 4 in stead of 5 stars is because of a minor problem that exists. The walls between units are thin. Even with quiet neighbors I can hear loud conversations, movement, music, pipes running water. I don't mind the noise so much, the neighbors are fairly quiet around my unit, but if I had louder neighbors it might make for a terrible experience.
3	Arcadia Cove is a very nice place because the grounds are well kept, the buildings are modern and the apartments are spacious.  Though it is well maintained, it is not well managed.  They should change their names to Arcadia STOLE. I lived there for two years and I have experienced nothing but being nickeled and dimed to death regarding my lease. Every so often I'd get a letter on the door about an incorrection or price jump on my lease.  And this is after signing a year lease.  If you want to live there you have to ask specific questions about the lease.  I have asked questions but their explanations might as well have been in French. For example, one of the many times, I got a letter giving me a credit for some shady reason and the very next month they took it back for some other shady reason.  Their reasons are never clear.  And then before I moved they sent a letter stating that I needed to vacate the premises no later than March 30th even though I knew my lease ended on the 31st.  So, I followed directions and turned in my keys on the 30th.  When I got my "security deposit" explanation back, I noticed that I was charged $26 for leaving the apartment a day early. I called and the customer service manager, Aaron, was a hair short of being completely rude on the phone.  And this is a man whom I've chit chat with in his office for an hour one time.  He told me that I did not honor my lease and I reminded him that someone in his office post that letter to my door and I'm being penalized for his/her mistake.  He corrected me by saying, "you're not being penalized, you're being charged." Say what? Then he proceeded by adding, "even if you were to take it to court, all the judge would see is that you didn't honor your lease." By the way, after they nickeled and dimed my security deposit, I got $12 back.  If you want to live there, don't just lock your door, lock your wallet too.
2	I initially loved living at Arcadia Cove but that soon changed.  The BRE staff was always attentive and helpful when I had a problem and maintenance was prompt with all requests.  The complex was recently sold to MEB Management and things have gone downhill.  The new staff acts like I am bothering when I come to the office to pick up a package or drop off my rent.  The last office visit I had the office staff chase me down to my car to confront me if I had paid my water bill yet this month.  I had paid my water bill and she would have seen if she had looked at my account instead of coming after me in front of future tenants.The units themselves are spacious and laid out well, the downstairs apartments have wood laminate flooring to give them a modern feel.  The main problem is the walls are VERY thin.  I can hear conversations from my downstairs neighbors like I was in their apartment. I have had to call the courtesy patrol numerous times because of neighbors playing their music and movies so loud it shook the pictures off my wall.  The pipes also make so much noise that I wake up most nights from my neighbor flushing their toilet.I live in a one bedroom and usually pay between $25-35 a month for water/sewer/trash.  I understand they use a calculation of building occupancy vs total property water usage but this is more than I have ever paid even when I lived in a 2 bedroom.Between the thin walls, rude new front office staff and that the total cost to rent is getting pretty high, I will be looking to move elsewhere when my lease is up.
5	I love living here. I am just about to renew my lease and thought I should check the area just to be sure..nothing compares to these apartments. The apartments are laid out nicely, priced very competively and well maintained. The staff is professional, nice and always make me feel important no matter how trivial the issue may be. The apartment was so clean when I moved in I could not believe it. I have not lived in an apartment for 10 years and I want to thank Arcadia Cove for making my living experience very enjoyable. Very safe, quiet, clean, and pretty.
1	This place is an absolute NIGHTMARE. Also, disregard any reviews from prior to June/July of 2012 as this complex was under different management back then. I lived here for 3 years under BRE and almost always loved living here. Ever since renewing with the new management, MEB, last year I've been miserable. I was looking to upgrade from a 1BR to a 2BR and was instantly offered a great location in the complex with promise it was fully upgraded at a specific price (by Tomas). Two days later I got a call from the front office telling me I actually could not have that apartment as they had also offered it to someone else... and they would be giving it to the other people, not me - without explanation to why. They, however promised to find me another location. When the new location was determined I got a call but was told I wouldn't be able to see it until 10 days prior to my move in as it was currently occupied. The manager, Pam, promised that the unit was FULLY upgraded with a fireplace and new cabinets and laminate floors.  I was nervous to wait until so close to my move date but I  still trusted the new management group as they seemed eager to keep me in the complex. HUGE mistake. On my tour through the unit it was a disaster. The floors were stained. There was a terrible infestation of ants. The cabinets were so old and disgusting and the entire kitchen was so filthy it actually smelled. Even Carolyn (who was showing me the unit) seemed disgusted. At this point my current apartment was completely packed and ready to go only to now be told there were no acceptable, livable apartments in the complex for me to move in to. I was in a tight spot - I had very little time to look for another place to live and had to be traveling for work for the next 3 weeks. I felt stuck and dependent on the management to find me another location in the complex. I finally received a call from Pam that another location would be available for me to view and make a decision. When I came to view it Pam pawned me off on Carolyn to show me the unit (it was more important for her to go to lunch than to diffuse an already messy situation). Carolyn pleasantly obliged. The unit, to my surprise, was much cleaner. The carpets needed to be replaced which she assured me would happen. The cabinets were not upgraded and were stained as were the counters and the rent was higher than originally discussed. We reached an agreement to bring the rent back down if I didn't make them upgrade the kitchen (as usual, I got the raw end of the deal). When I viewed the unit I pointed out the loud noise coming from the apartment above me and mentioned that I would not be able to put up with that even during the day as I often work from a home office. I was told they would notify the neighbors someone would be moving in below so they were more conscientious of their noise.After moving in I filled out the extensive "pre-existing problems" sheet with items that included overly patched walls, obvious flood damage on the ceiling as well as near the sink, scratch marks in the laundry room (even though I was assured this unit was previously pet free as I am VERY allergic to animals - again I let it go as the carpets were replaced and I just did a deep clean when I moved in), stained counter, stained cabinets, stained refrigerator, stained showers, rusty washed and dirty/damaged dryer. When I turned it in they made no offer to come correct any problems (something the previous management did when I first moved in to my first unit). The upstairs neighbors were never quieter than the day I saw the unit and were often MUCH louder. They played loud music, they dropped cigarette butts off their balcony onto mine, they threw garbage and food over their balcony. Every time I complained I was promised action that never seemed to come. At one point, after calling security on their loud noise after 2am I heard the security guard tell them it was "the neighbor downstairs complaining". This began the retaliation - my assigned parking spot is located far from my unit and every time I was walking back to my door they would sit on their balcony calling me vulgar things and spitting and pouring drinks over the balcony as I walked by. I reported this to no reaction from management as well.  I later found out the unit above was housing 5 people although only 1 was on the lease - meaning no other adult had been background checked  for a criminal history. As a woman living alone I became more concerned. I pushed harder for them to take action and in turn manager Pam offered to "let" me break my lease at no charge - she tried to push me out instead of dealing with the real issue. I pointed out that is MEB wanted to break the lease they would be legally obligated to abide by their terms just the same and that they wouldn't be doing ME the favor by trying to force me to leave and pay to try and move again. She relented and 5 months later the neighbors above me finally moved
1	After repeatedly trying to contact Pam following her response I received no effort of a reply. Both times I spoke to Donna and either she did not pass on my message or Pam choose to not respond. Either way, my previous post seems to be justified. Following frequent incorrect pieces of information provided from the staff (and some outright lies) I have no choice but say STAY AWAY FROM ARCADIA COVE!! The costs are going up and the staff is becoming more impossible to work with, Specifically Donna who feels no need to follow through on anything her staff says to the residents. Obviously Pam is not regularly available for anything other than writing phony concerns on Yelp. Recent increased fees and changes in policies without proper notice (dating notifications up to 2 weeks prior to actually delivering them) are out of control and somehow legal through manipulations of information provided in the lease. This property has become and absolute disaster. I recommend looking anywhere that is NOT ASSOCIATED WITH MEB!!!Also - DO NOT read their website reviews - they only put up reviews that recommend the complex and completely disregard all others.
5	I wanted to come back on yelp and give a great thanks to all of the staff at Arcadia Cove..I quite literally have been a pain..lol. I just moved from one unit to another that is renovated and there were some issues..following my move in write up Pam, Donna, Carolyn, and Tomas have been kind and attentive. The maint. crew Roy and Jim have addressed every issue..keeping me up to date and making sure things are taken care of. Thank you for making living here so nice:-)
5	I have lived at Arcaida Cove for five months now.  I love my one bedroom apartment. Everything was new and clean.  I've only had a couple small maintenance issues and they came right away.  The ammenities are nice, the pool and fitness center.  They even keep my packages for me at the office.  It is quiet and I feel safe here, that was important to me.  Staff is awesome and very helpful.  I don't think you can do better than Arcadia Cove.
5	Outstanding staff and beautiful complex
1	Let me start out by saying this place was amazing when I first moved here a year ago, but then things started going down hill fast. I have nothing, but good things to say about Tomas and Carolyn as they show amazing customer service and treat people with true professionalism. Unfortunately though they do not run the property! Problems I have had here include:1) Poor and extremely unprofessional help along with lack of integrity from apartment head Donna.2) Very slow response time for maintenance requests.3) Very poor AC units! I live in a 1 bedroom unit with my air set at 79 and am paying $210 a month. This may be due to the horible insulation and sealing of the apartment.4) Horrible plumbing. The toilets don't flush well due to horrible water  pressure.5) Rates change constantly here and they are always adding new charges.I started out paying $723 and now am at $998 a month. And this place has not improved the living conditions worth raising the rent costs.I could not in my right mind recommend this place to anyone. By far the worst apartment complex I have ever lived at.
1	I have been a resident of Arcadia Cove for 2 years and have experience racism/harassment for the third time last night by the security guys. If you have some time please read this as I would be as detailed as I can because this has reached a tipping point. First Incident:The first incident occurred the first week I moved in here while I was still offloading my property from my car to move into my new apartment. A security guy approached me and asked if I lived here and to identify myself/apartment number. I identified my self/residence and proceeded to ask if there were any issues. He said there was no issues except some kids were throwing rocks at cars and he just wanted to verify that the correct people live here. Ok I am a black man in mid 30's and don't fit the profile of kids throwing rocks at cars. Also he saw me moving my furniture from my car so If I don't live here I am not sure I will be moving my properties in a random apartment.Second Incident:I had a guest visiting from out of town and I took my guest to the swimming pool of the apartment complex. Before you enter or exit the swimming pool area you will need a key to open the gate. After spending some time at the pool we decided to leave. On our way out a security guy walked ahead of us and was about to open the gate but decided to put his keys back in his pocket. He asked if we had the keys and I said yes. I brought out my key and opened the gate; he then asked if I lived here which again I identified myself and residence. I asked him if there was any issues, he said there was no issues except he was only trying to get acquainted with the neighbors.  Ok I have the key to the pool as a resident and I am sure he meant getting acquainted only with the minority neighbors.Third Incident:A friend (a black man) was dropping me off in his car last night and we were having a conversation quietly in the car when the apartment security guy started to flash the flash light on us rudely from a distance. He approached us and asked if we lived here. I told him that I am a resident and he asked for some identification. I refused to identify myself this time because I have been asked several times in the past and I asked if there were any issues. He said that he wants to make sure there are no suspicious activities going on. He asked if we had any weapons or drugs and that he wants to make sure that the vehicle was not stolen. We told him that we had no drugs, weapons and it was not a stolen vehicle. I showed him my gate clicker and asked if he knew what it was and he said that he has never seen that before which is  ridiculous and embarrassing coming from a security officer that is supposed to be protecting the apartment residents. He then told us that we need to carry our conversation to our apartment or his will call the police. We reminded him that we have the right to have our conversation privately in our car as long as we are not playing any loud music or disturbing the residence in any way and that he is welcome to run our plate number if he wants. He then got on his radio and started to dispatch the police describing us as two suspicious black men in a suspicious vehicle.  Sounds like a typical description that would attract the police faster as he continued to rudely flash the light on our eyes even after we told him several times to kindly stop harassing us. He continued to interrupt our conversation and  threatening that he can either do this the easy way of he can get the police involved. His supervisor officer Crosby eventually showed up and told us that we can carry our conversation in the car conflicting what his predecessor told us earlier. He was also able to verify my residency through my drivers' license as well as the gate clicker which the other officer didn't know what it was. Even after identifying myself to officer Crosby, they both decided to park next to us for few more minutes until our conversation was over in the car and I went back to my apartment then they left. WOW!!To cut the story short, if you are a minority or someone against racism and residents harassment, you should run as far as you can away from Arcadia Cove Apartment. No one should EVER experience this type of humiliation at any residence in America and Arcadia Cove Apartments (MEB management services) have crossed the line this time.
2	I've rented here since 2011. When it changed from being a BRE-owned property to the current owners, nearly every aspect of living here went downhill. Here are some of the most important things you should know prior to renting here: 1.) The water billing is done so that you're essentially a proportionate portion of everyone's use. So even if you're good about conserving water, you'll probably be paying more than you should be. When the new company switched to this billing system, it increased our water bill about $12-17/month, even though we're not using more water.   2.) You'll pay for gas you may or may not use. The company installed gas grills that are always in use except for during the day and when the pool is about to close. Doesn't matter if you use the barbecues or not; you're paying for them.   3.) DO NOT RENT HERE IF YOU PLAN TO TRY TO BUY A HOUSE IN THE NEAR FUTURE. The lease notice has to be given 60 days in advance (not 30, as in most places). So if you get don't pre-qualified until after that point, too bad, you're paying for an empty apartment for a month if you do get a house. If you put in notice to be on the safe side and your home sale falls through, I guess you're screwed. They are totally uncompromising and unwilling to work out any kind of accommodation on this, either through pro-rating a couple of weeks or anything.   Also, that gas bill I mentioned in #2? Prepare to pay to that until you turn in your keys.   Oddly, this policy does not apply to garage rental (which is a staggering $85/month).  4.) The billing system is inefficient and tedious. The water bill is lumped in with your rent, but you can't just make one payment online. You have to wait until you get an email from Conservice to find out how much the final balance of your rent will be...and even then, you can't just log in to the apartment's portal and see what the total rent will be; you have to add it in yourself when you set the amount to be withdrawn. Also, the new calculation increased our water bill about $13/month. Oh, and to pay online there's a "convenience fee" of $2, ridiculous. We used to pay on a no-hassle auto-debit, now it's  a three-step process.   5.) Recently, the condensation pan for our air conditioner was dripping a puddle into our master bathroom. We called at around 4:30 p.m. on Friday to report this and were told it was not an emergency (so what is?) and it would be handled Monday. Well, we woke up the following night at 3 a.m. to water literally running down in a stream into the three bowls we had to put down to catch the leak. Called the emergency maintenance number and received a call back from the maintenance technician, who said he'd be there....Monday morning.   Which he was. With a temporary fix, that basically caused the leaking to continue. It wasn't fixed until Wednesday and there is still dripping.   6.) The "renovation." We looked at the "renovated" apartments because they offered to move us into one. Basically, it's a stainless steel version of the cheapest appliances possible and a flimsy, paper sticker that looks like wood plastered over the already-existing cabinetry. There is a new "granite" counter top and breakfast bar, but the cabinet facings, not the cabinets, are the only thing replaced. So the cabinets are still cheap press board and very shallow. And forget about being able to put so much as a spatula inside the drawers.   7.) Maintenance work begins obnoxiously at 6 or 7 a.m. Also, it took over a week to get a new kitchen light and we have been waiting more than two weeks to get a kitchen cabinet fixed, despite putting in a request several weeks ago.Finally, know that if you move here you will be a cog in a machine and not a person. My husband and I never missed the rent once for three years. When my husband got a new job, the pay schedule meant we would be five days late. We called them ahead of time to let them know, bringing a leave and earnings statement showing when his first paycheck would get deposited. Did they care? Nope. Just had us served, beginning the eviction process, and tacked on $80 of fees.  I understand they have a corporate process in place, but if your renter is telling you ahead of time they'll miss the rent and hasn't had a problem for three years, maybe some flexibility and customer satisfaction should take precedence. So much for acting in good faith.
1	STAY AWAY FROM ARCADIA COVE!! They won't give the deposit back. Even though I have cleaned everything, they said simple reasons to keep the deposit with them. DO NOT STAY IN ARCADIA COVE, you will loose all your security deposit.
