1	This place was so disgusting. It was so dirty and dingy. I needed one nail repaired and a blind person could have done a better job.
5	This was my third attempt at a good, cheap manicure/pedicure in Phoenix, and I finally came away happy.  I went in on a Saturday around 2pm and it was bustling, but there was one empty massage chair - good start.  A nice, cheerful woman named Vung did my pedicure and then my manicure.  Her English was about as good as my Vietnamese, but we made it work.  She did a nice, efficient job, and gave me a pretty long leg massage.  Before putting on the polish, she rubbed half a lime on my nails.  This may or may not have been to "stop my nails from turning yellow."  It definitely had to do with the color yellow - that's all I can say for sure.  Odd touch, but why not.  Then we did it all over again with my hands.  I always bring my own, but they had a pretty massive collection of colors, mostly OPI and China Glaze.An hour and $30 later, I was donezo.
1	Walked in as I needed a simple nail polish change, which I figured I didn't have to do too much searching since it was so basic.I think I got the owner (a woman) as she was the only one not wearing a white coat and had an air about her that she was the boss. Anyhow, I asked how much a polish change was and I was told $6 for my hands, $8 for my feet.  I thought that was a bit steep, but it's been a while since I've just gotten a polish change, so I chalked it up to inflation.  I was seated quickly and she proceeds to take of my finger nail polish.  I say attempt, cause apparently she was having a difficult time (I had good polish on and it wasn't coming off as easily as she had hoped.  She gets frustrated after a few seconds and proceeds to take the drill out.  Wth?  So I tell her, I have natural nails and don't want my nails drilled, if she needs me to take off the polish I will (cause she was obviously annoyed at the fact that it wasn't coming right off.)  She says nothing and goes back to rubbing her cotton ball on them.  A few seconds pass (yes, literally seconds) and she gets irritated again and reaches for her drill.  This time I told her firmly that I didn't want her to use the drill.  She kind of, aggressivly pushed the drill away and proceeds to try and pick off the polish with her nails.  Ok...yes, the polish was tougher than usual, but honestly it wasn't that serious.  I've had other techs take it off w/o getting their panties in a bunch, and it was rather alarming that she was so ticked by it.Then as she's working away, I start looking around and see they have a price chart on the table and also on the wall.  I scan the prices on the table, which don't mention the cost of a polish change, so I look on the wall and see the polish change is cheaper than what she quoted me.  Finding this a bit odd, I ask her if her prices have changed and she says yes, points to the one on her table and says they've gone up.  So I compare the 4 services she has listed on the table chart, to those on the wall, and they're exactly the same.  At this point, I'm feeling a bit scammed and annoyed, but since I need to get this polish changed for a wedding I was attending shortly, I figured I'd just stick it out for the few extra bucks I had to pay.She finishes up my hands and tells me to go sit in one of their pedicure seats to do the polish change on my toes.  I asked if I could leave my shoes on (I had sandals on) because I'd need to leave quickly and I didn't want to ruin my hands or feet trying to put my sandals back on or dig through my purse.  She looks down at my feet and shakes her head yes (again looking irritated) so I get situated in the pedi chair.  I thought it was a nice touch for her to put a towel under my toes so that nothing gets wet when she doused the polish remover on my feet...and all was good, until I left the place and my toes were sticking to my shoes since the liquid soaked through anyways.  Once I got back to the hotel and was getting ready for the wedding, I attempted to take my shoes off, only to find the polish remover actually bleached my shoes and my feet were stained from the color of my soles.Needless to say, I don't live in Phoenix anymore, so I never have to return...but for those of you who do, I hope I can help shed light on a place where you may or may not get good service...and a nasty attitude to boot.
1	Spontaneously went in for a fill and pedicure. Pedicure took FOREVER, but at least was moderately well done. Place was empty, so I asked if they could start on my manicure since I was in a rush - received horrific attitude, but then one of the woman filed by nails (Way tooo short, didn't even ask for length preference) Things got even better when, after sitting for 45 minutes, i asked to pay, was snapped at and told it wasnt the right time. Ok.... then when it was "the right time" i was told to walk to Safeway because I only had cc. Awesome. I came back, tipped extremely well despite (we all have bad days..) and then after running my card was told that it would be an additional $3 for an old nail that had fallen off. $3. For a plastic nail. I gave moderate attitude, and then received literally the most horrendous nail panting of my life, including when I was a small child and panted my self with actual house paint.  Uh, there is nothing worse than paying too much for a less than par product. My nails look horrible (wayyy too heavy of coats left nails droopy and still not dry 1/2 hr later) and I will now have to pay to go get them fixed.
4	I have been going here for almost 2 years now.  It's right next to the Safeway we shop at so its pretty convenient.  Charlie knows his nail business!  He can do a full set in less than an hour... pretty impressive to me!  The only reason I give this place 4 stars is the price seems high to me.  I've been to many nails salons in my life and this one is pretty pricey... but you DO get what you pay for which is QUALITY service and a FANTASTIC job!
1	Worst manicure I've ever had. I created a Yelp account just to provide this feedback.
1	I went in for a full set of french accrilycs at first I didn't think they were too bad, but upon further inspection I could see lumps, bubbles and some nails were crooked. After keeping the nails on for 2 weeks I was planning on getting a fill somewhere else ant the nails just started popping off. They came off as easily as press ons! I have never had this happen before. So, after that I never went back...
1	I had to walk out the moment I walked in. Sadly the customer service lead me to not even offer my business. A woman who I am assuming was an owner or manager was extremely rude. The shop was slow with only three clients. Without even greeting me me or a simple "hello." I was asked what I wanted? I asked for a polish change and how long of a wait. She said pick a color. When I mentioned I had a color with me. She rolled her eyes and said "8.00" I asked her if there would be a wait and she mentioned few mins just sit down. Then proceeded to speak in another language under her breathe to the other employees who started staring. I decided to leave because I don't treat people like this why should I even give my business to a place that runs theirs very snooty. The establishment was clean and very cute inside just the way that it operates is not professional.
1	I get a mani/pedi maybeeee 4-6 times a year. I am pretty good at painting my own nails, so unless I'm feeling supremely lazy or in dire need of pampering, I do them myself.Last Friday evening I was in a rush to get my nails done before a dinner (so of the two aforementioned moods--I was being supremely lazy). Charlie's Nails is 2 blocks from where I live, so out of haste, I chose to go here. I will never go back.The customer service here is appalling. They request cash tips, and when I mentioned I didn't have cash and asked if I could tip using my card, the nail tech kindly suggested that I walk across the parking lot in my pedicure flip-flops to the ATM at Wells Fargo to withdraw some cash for tip. I asked if she was being serious. She replied with, "It would be easier for me if you tipped in cash."OH! Well then let me shuffle across the parking lot in the dark in these 1mm thick foam flip flops and get you some cash! I hate myself for tipping her, but I know what it is like to work for tips and I am just not that person who tries to teach service workers a lesson by leaving no tip.However I am that person who will write a bad Yelp review about it. So here it is. Also, as if it even needs to be mentioned--the manicure was total shit (air bubbles in the polish, a peeling top coat). But it was the service that did this place in for me.
