2	I am giving this place two stars and they all go to Frank. More on that later.So I walk into this AT&T store to see the newest phones they have as I am in need of upgrading my phone. It is not overly busy but you would expect some to at least greet you within about two minutes of being in the store. I mean I have walked into many AT&T stores in my years and usually within a minute, someone comes to ask if you need assistance. This store, NADA. I walk around the store and while checking out phones, I notice that other customers that have come in after me have been greeted and are being helped. Me, still nothing. 15 mins later, one of  my friends comes into the store to find me and I mention to her that I have yet to have anyone acknowledge me in this store but whatever. I was looking for a specific phone so she goes up to one the sales men and ask where this brand of phones are located, he shows us and proceeds to walk away before I could ask questions. I am like really? Man, if I was a secret shopper this store would FAIL!  So we left.Fast forward to about an hour later, and I go back to this store seeing as I was still in the mall and my phone was acting up. Again I walk in, it is not busy at all, and again no hello, no nothing. However I proceed to walk to the back and get a huge smile and hello from Frank, who is one of the service techs. (Hence the two stars) I am like wow, thank you for that warm greeting. It is a shame that I had to come all the way to the back of the freaking store to get a hello. They then proceed to call the manager Mario (as I had told them what had  happened when I came into the store an hour earlier). He apologized profusely for what had happened and assured me that it would not happen again. (hmm right) I will give Mario credit as after all this, he did take the time to answer all the questions I had regarding a few phones that I was interested in including the new IPhone, but both stars still go to Frank for that wonderful smile, greeting and help I received, even though I had to go to the back of the store to get it.
5	Can I just say I normally HATE any situation that forces me to walk into a cell phone store? BUT, if I have to take care of something involving my phone, the only store I will go to from now on is the AT&T by PV mall. I went in because I wasnt sure if I wanted an Iphone or something else, and the manager Simeon was beyond helpful. Answered every question I had, compared other phones I was interested in, and just went totally above and beyond. When it comes to phones, I can be a little slow on the uptake, but he was so patient and went over all the features and pros and cons to each phone. Normally, when  get a new phone, it takes me forever to get used to it and figure out all the features, but I left the store already an expert, thanks to Simeon's tutoring!! Oh, and my favorite thing about this location, (thanks again Simeon for filling me in), is that they have a warranty center in the store!! Nice! So if my phone gets lost, or stolen, or ran over by my car, (yea, its happened), I dont have to wait for a new one, I can go right into the store and get it switched out. Love that! Overall, my best phone buying experience, to date!
3	I've been a AT&T customer since the begining when it was called McCaw.  Now before you say idiot, let me say I haven't had many dropped calls and I travel all over the US and Canada.  When I drive i will occasionally hit a blind spot but for the most part everything is good.  I'm familiar with the CDMA versus TDMA arguements, but I just haven't had many bad experiences to complain about.
1	Went to ask getting my body guard screen cover replaced. I was told I need to register online, and they'll send a replacement in the mail.Asked the dumbass employee "How do you remove it". He proceeds to start peeling it, cracking the fuck out of it.I tell him I never instructed him to do so, and thus I feel they owe me a new one.He says I need to register online, blah blah.I tell him I want a manager.Todd comes out, full of attitude, essentially tells me tough shit, I asked the employee to remove it.Now I have no screen protector, and likely won't, until I come back from my next road trip.Fucking assholes.
1	They should allow you to rate them a 0! I was in this location 3 weeks ago to add a line to my phone. I spoke with Jared Stevenson. Not only did he lie to me and force me to buy insurance on the new phone, but he also added it to 3 of my other lines. Claiming I had to buy it but if I cancelled within 30 days they would not charge me. When I called in the next day to cancel, they told me nobody has to buy insurance and they would not credit me the money for purchasing it, but said they would take it off my next months bill. He also lied to me about the tablet that comes with the LGG3, saying that for only $.99 it was mine if I bought the G3 on the NEXT plan, which does not have a contract. When I called in the next day for the insurance issue I asked them about my plan and they told me my phones were not on contract, but I was in a 2 year contract with them for the tablet!! Jared Stevenson also assured me he wasn't going to let them charge me for an activation fee on the tablet acting like he was giving me deals, but of course, there is a $40 activation fee that they now will not remove.The rep at a different store (non-corporate) tried to call this store to ask them to take the unfair charges off, the manager, female, called me a liar and said it was her word against mine and that they would be doing nothing about it. She said if I have a problem to call the 800 number and file a complaint...so I am. I hate ATT, they are  a deplorable company when it comes to customer service and they condone lies and bait-and-switch marketing. I will be complaining through every resource out there until I get a satisfying response.
4	Was referred to this location from another location because there are on-site tech support people here.When walking in the store my initial reaction was that this is a 'typical' mall store - younger staffers that are more interested in chatting with each other and checking their phones than the people walking in the door. We had been told to head to the back right corner to find the tech support people, so headed that direction. We were almost 1/2 way into the store before we were acknowledged by someone who shouted at us from the other end of the store (without leaving his coworkers, I  should add), "Hello, you going to tech support?". We confirmed that we were.When entering the little tech support area, Jack was very responsive and helpful. Because the OS wasn't a quick fix, we left the phone with him and headed out to hit another store for a few minutes. Coming back in the door - again, not acknowledged until we were a good 1/4 or so into the store. A "hello" and "welcome" were shared with us as we walked by a circle of staffers.Hubby suggested that I ask one of them an account question while he picked up his phone from the tech guy. I stopped and got Jason to help with the account Qs. He was wonderful! Listened to my concern/question and pulled up my account and showed me the numbers to support my answer. He also reviewed my account and made a suggestion to help lower the monthly bill because we don't have the number of phones on the account that we used to.  Yay for saving money!All in all the 2 people we dealt with were super nice and helpful and shows that you shouldn't judge a store by your initial greeting when you first walk in..... although I can't help but wonder why malls always seem to attract the staffer that appears more interested in hanging with each other and less interested in helping you?
