4	When a doctor alerted me of a worrisome mole thing on my body I figured I should visit a dermatologist to check it out.  I found this place via a quick Yelp search and made an appointment.  They were able to accommodate my schedule and the entire staff was very friendly.My appointment was with Benjamin LeSueur.  He was prompt, friendly, and best of all didn't find anything to worry about during my full body skin scan.I would definitely return if needed.....and I hope it isn't.
5	Does this happen to you?You're getting ready for bed, admiring your stunning good looks and thinking, I'd better apply some skin cream if I want to remain this good-looking fore.v.e.r.No, I'm not gay.I simply know the importance of good skin care, having lived my entire life in this oven we call Phoenix.So I reach for whatever product my wife happens to be using...Clinique, LaMer, whatever.The next morning, as I look in the mirror while simultaneoulsly scratching myself, (because I'm cute like that in the morning) I see what appears to be a magical forest of white flakes all around my nose and eyebrows. I'm like a fucking mushroom patch.That's when I decided to go see Dr. Cummings, the highest rated skin care specialist in the entire universe. Or at least Arizona.She diagnosed it as dandruff. Go figure. And the remedy? Not a costly prescription. Oh contraire.A bottle of Head & Shoulders. This saved me an assload on expensive prescriptions.YEA!No more LaMer face wash, moisturizer, or face spritzer. No more wife yelling at me, telling me how much LaMer costs, and that I should stick with Irish Spring or just buy my own.And no more white flakes routinely raining onto my cherry desk at work, making it look like I'm an austere coke addict.Props to Dr. Cummings, Dr. Neil, and the young hispanic woman who stood in the room while I disrobed. I still don't know why she was there.Pretty eclectic though.
5	Dr. Rainwater at Southwest Skin Specialists is a skin god. I've been visiting Dr. Rainwater for several years and she is the only Dermatologist I've ever found to be effective and helpful. They are professional, provide an excellent service and have very knowledgeable and friendly doctors. Dr. Rainwater never makes me feel embarrassed or nervous during my visits and I feel comfortable asking her questions and getting her advice.
4	I visited this office based on positive yelp and google reviews. I was initially going to see Dr. Luber but changed to Dr. Rainwater as Luber was not taking new patients. After a 2 month wait to see the doctor I was excited to get in and address my issues. I arrived and the woman at the front desk was kind but immediately THEY had issues with verification of my insurance because THEIR computers weren't working and I was ultimately left hanging. Not my problem... There was no apologies for the inconvience that I was caused, just basically, "We cant verify so you need to reschedule". I was very upset about this as I had waited 2 MONTHS! I went to the checkout to reschedule and was then scolded by Marci J,the scheduler, that it was my fault that I was having to reschedule and continued to be argumentative with me the entire time I was with her.  Needless to say I left the office abruptly as I obviously was not wanted as a new patient.So why the 4 stars...? Well I still really wanted to get into the office to be seen and  a complaint to the front end manager got me a lot of apologies and a next day appointment, instead of another 2 months as Marci had insisted was the next available appointment, no question about it. When I arrived to the office everyone was very apologetic for the was I was treated during my last visit. Dr. Rainwater (and her nurse) was SOOOOO NICE. She was attentive to my needs and helped me find resolutions for my problem. So I go to the checkout line and Marci is there again she sees me and quickly tells me to go to the next window for help. No hello...nothing. This review would have gone up from 1 star to a 5 star review if Marci J had a better and more professional attitude.
2	When the office left me a reminder message for my first appointment they did not advise that there was two offices, so I went to the wrong one. Thankfully, I was early so there was time to make it to the other office. Dr Le Seur was polite, but I felt that he rushed the check for my cancer screening. It was a very quick check.When I have had this done in the past with other docs it took some time with a magnifying glass. This time I felt like I was in a cattle prod. very busy place. When I pointed out a spot that was concerned with he said it was small and he would have missed it,  but then froze it off. Nice guy but I am going to look for a more discerning Dr. I felt that if I was not 75 years old and loaded with things to burn off he was not too concerned. It was a quick $250.+ appointment for him.
3	I still stand by my review of Dr. Rainwater and still consider her to be a miracle worker in the skin department. However, I will only recommend Dr. Rainwater and highly discourage anyone from getting laser hair removal done from here. It's a different person who does it. Go elsewhere for laser hair removal, but see Dr. Rainwater for all of your dermatological needs.
