5	Get the pampering you deserve with a manicure from Bernadette at Guilty Pleasures Nail Salon.  I started going to Bernadette in 1999 and only stopped because she tried the corporate world for a few years and temporarily left the nail business.  I am happy to say she is back in the nail business and looking to build her book of business.Competitively priced in a convenient location in downtown Scottsdale, Bernadette will take great care of you and your nails!  I highly recommend Bernadette and hope you will give her a try.  She has a full array of nail services, including Shellacking and acrylics.For great looking nails, fabulous service, and someone who truly understands you and your nail needs - go see Bernadette!
5	Let's keep this short and sweet. Bernadette is wonderful at fingers and toes! She is very reasonably priced. Appointment only- but she will work with you to get you in. She is fun to talk with and that makes the appointment a pleasure as well.Really,  the best nails I've had done in a LONG time!
5	I was wandering around downtown Scottsdale yesterday in desperate need of a manicure and felt so lucky that Bernadette was able to fit me in last minute. She really took her time and carefully tended to my nails. She's also incredibly sweet and fun to talk to.  She has a small studio and it's just her so definitely call ahead to make an appointment or see if she can fit you in. Prices are not unreasonable for higher quality and more personalized service.Overall an extremely pleasant experience and highly recommended!
5	Just had a wonderful experience on all levels with Bernadette. She is so sweet, and very professional. She makes you feel special and that you are her only priority. Very cozy studio and the best mani/pedi I have ever had. I have wanted to find someone special and I have. She is the real deal!!!!!!!!!
5	I was wandering around downtown Scottsdale yesterday in desperate need of a manicure and felt so lucky that Bernadette was able to fit me in last minute. She really took her time and did a careful job on my nails. She's also incredibly sweet and fun to talk to.  She has a small studio and it's just her so definitely call ahead to make an appointment or see if she can fit you in. Overall an extremely pleasant experience and would highly recommend!
