5	Great resort property with that added plus, golf! A little ways out from downtown but alot nearby to keep you busy. Having business there it was a perfect place for a 3 day layover.The food and drink were more than adequate with the on site restaurant and bar, The Gallery. Situated toward the rear of the hotel, the outdoor veranda overlooks the 18th green fronted by a picturesque water hazard. All in all very fare and decent prices on their wine list and appetizer menu.Rooms were above average in size with well appointed furniture and bathroom features. A major plus for most hotels these days seems to be their pride in beds and being a Starwood property it is no surprise that these were "heavenly" to sleep in, one of those that you don't want to jump out of right away. Within walking distance is a lively Fox and Hound Smokehouse & Tavern with various other stores and restaurants including Nikko's and Carolina Wings & Rib House. The golf course was challenging and enjoyable for all levels with undulating fairways and fast but true greens. We only got to play 10 holes but not a dull layout in the bunch. So next time for business or pleasure we'll stay here again without any reservations.
5	to add to Keith Y http://www.yelp.com/biz/tM3oXoB1VqkfSLZU9bH9TA#hrid:gh9XOEgBn_oh8_DVzAApnACountry club feel hotel. Heck Tiger is rumored to stay here. Robe on the bed waiting and padded cloths hangers because.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDKTN4UutYI18th hole close to the hotel back pub and restaurant.
4	They changed from 'resort' to hotel no matter what the name is the is a nice place to stay. The rooms are top notch, I've never had a bad meal in the gallery restaurant. There are several bars on the property one right off the main lobby which has a balcony overlooking the 18th green. The other bar has a nice feel with a big screen to watch a game, etc. They added a new pool last year which makes the property more attractive. I've never used the spa so I really do not know much about it. I ha e played the course and used the range. It is playable for the average golfer but the width of the fairways is gonna be a challenge if you can not keep it at least a little straight. The greens are somewhat forgiving but in the middle of the summer they get fast.I think they have a golf school there but not sure. The pro shop has all you need high end. They have club rental also.
4	Review is for the Lobby Bar only.Dad's sister and BIL were in town for just one night.  We met them here for drinks and dinner later at The Gallery Restaurant (separate review)  Setting and atmosphere were perfect for catching up with family not seen in more than a year and for sharing pictures and stories.  We sat in the very comfy upholstered furniture near the fireplace rather than closer to the bar which was a bit more boisterous.Cocktails were reasonably sized, not what I would describe as generous and, although I didn't see the bill, I would guess they were not inexpensive.Service was prompt and friendly.  But they did ask to "hold" a credit card at the bar until we closed our tab.  Always makes me nervous to have a credit card out of my sight for any length of time.If you need a place for cocktails with the parents or in-laws or to impress a potential client, this could be a good option for you.
3	If you stay in this country club spa-like hotel, request a golf view, otherwise you'll be staring at the parking lot and CVS across the street.  The room I stayed it was nice--you felt like you were in a room in your grandmother's house, provided your grandmother liked touches of southern charm (and wallpaper). I wouldn't call it luxury, but it was comfortable, clean, sunny, and the room service was reasonable and attentive. Everyone working there seemed helpful and friendly, and having a glass of wine and a flatbread on the terrace in the evening was relaxing and quiet. Overall, Ballantyne might be the kind of place that Clooney might have stayed in for Up in the Air given its convention / golfer group vibe. Maybe I'm just not up on how it works for people in the south. There's not many appealing places to eat nearby, but chances are you will not be staying here long.
5	Nice bar!! Excellent hospitality.
5	Amazingly friendly and pleasant staff. Gorgeous property and room. Wow!
3	Maybe my expectations were too high. My mom and I visited here for a "girls getaway' for her birthday. There was a dirty diaper greeting us in the parking lot (which was still there when we left) and the room wasn't much cleaner. There was hair in the shower and food wrappers under the bed. For a hotel that is trying to be more upscale, these things should not have been overlooked. Unless it is summer and you can enjoy the pool, this is NOT worth the price. Most rooms have a view of a CVS and shopping center and there isn't much to do in the winter around the hotel.
4	I have to say I am incredibly impressed with how quickly the staff at the hotel wrote back about my review. It goes to show my first impression on the staff was correct. It's hard to not be a fan of them. I would go back again for a second try, maybe I went on an off weekend. Definitely be sure to ask for a golf view though.
3	This review is not to rate the Lodge for an overnight visit, but rather a group dinner event that was hosted there.   I was very impressed with the facilities, but I think they need to work on the logistics involved with serving dinner to large groups.I do not know if they prepared the food over at the main Ballantyne Resort and then brought it over to the Lodge to serve, but by the time they got dinner on the table, everything was cold.  Some things may taste ok when they are not hot, but definitely not Halibut!  Also, my boyfriend had a steak, but could not get steakknife, even after asking at least twice. Other than that, I thought the staff was friendly and I loved the overall atmosphere of the place.  I would certainly vote to give them another try.
5	Just happens that clients have had a few offsite meetings here lately, one at the Lodge and one at the resort proper.  Both times, we were met with excellent service and excellent accommodations.  The Lodge is a bit more casual in style as befitting something with the name, Lodge but don't let casual fool you.  This was a nice, well-appointed room.The main resort is a bit swankier with the Spa, furnishings in the rooms, etc. Both locations offer the same level of attentive service one would expect for the price.  We had a cooking class as a team event last night with two chefs from the Gallery restaurant helping us through preparations of Southern and Italian (not Southern Italian!) meals.  The were encouraging and helpful, fun guys who led us through the preparation of what turned out to be some outstanding food.  Highly recommended for a group activity!Great place in all regards!
5	I've been here a number of times, and every visit I experience the same consistent top-notch resort-level service and comfort, highlights being:Service: impeccable, they really know how to make you feel welcome without being at all intrusive. You can tell they've been trained well. When you check-in, you can get fruit-infused water or hot cider depending on the season. When you first enter your room, you're greeted by little Ballantyne chocolates on your bed and soothing classical music. If you're staying for more than one night, they usually remember you on a first name basis.Comfort: beds are nearly almost as comfortable as those you would get at the W. Also, soaps and shampoos are from Remede, which is the standard St. Regis bathroom set. I love their bathrobes (super comfortable) and slippers. Showers and sink are great.Atmosphere: upscale in a southern way, spacious and beautiful. Lobby is amazing and so are the bathrooms. This place is like a giant mansion where you have plenty of hallways and spiral staircases to walk around. Not to mention the golf court and patios that overlook the golf course.Location: If you like to be away from the city in a nice area with a good restaurant scene, this place is perfect. If you prefer the city, then you should try to shoot for one of the hotels in the city.Every time I come here, it's really like a heaven. In terms of service, a wonderful blend of professionalism and family feel. In terms of comfort, they really have it all there from your soft pillow and mattress to the fancy shampoo brand you're using.
4	This was a pretty fancy hotel. We stayed on the 7th floor, with amazing views. The pool was my favorite part! The chairs were comfy, the pool temps were perfect, & the drinks/food served fantastic. Loved the bar/restaurant inside the hotel. Delicious food.
5	Ok, so my last visit was a VERY long time ago. I went there for a friend's blow out birthday party and everything was fabulous. We got a room so as to be able to drink and not have to drive. (Can you tell we were going to have fun? LOL) Anyway, the room was beautiful and overlooked the golf course. It was spotless and when we got back after the party the room had been turned down. It was great not to have to fumble around to get into bed. The breakfast the next day really hit the spot. It was delicious and much needed.I'm writing this now because I had forgotten I had a gift card that I never finished spending. I emailed them this morning to get the balance and within 2 minutes had a response. Talk about fantastic customer service! Wow! When I emailed back to thank her, once again I got an immediate response to help with anything else if needed in the future and to have a great day. After this many back and forth emails I'm beginning to think I might need to send her a birthday card when it's time. ;) But seriously, what great customer service. I loved the place before but love it even more now if that's possible. Kudos Ballantyne!
4	So to be more specific, this review is for the Ballantyne Hotel's SPA.  I recently received a gift card for the SPA.  I chose to go with the Axiomm Gel Nail Treatment because I have gotten it done before at Polished (Shellac) and hear the Axiomm stays on longer and looks better (obviously I was pumped).So making an appt was pretty easy, everyone was really sweet, my nail tech joked around with us and she was funny - and they had water with strawberries in it - who doesn't love prissy water?!  I sure as heck do.Unfortunately the Gel Treatment was a bust - or at least they didn't do a very good job of applying it because it started peeling and cracking two days later.  BUMMER.  On the upside - I gave them a call and told them what happened and they sent me a another certificate for the full refund.... so I can't complain too much.My advice?  If you want Shellac or Axxiom, go to Polished!  They do a way better job and it's cheaper.  Spend your money at the SPA on something else!Not a terrible experience, just a lesson.  Best of luck!
3	This hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the entrance to the kiwi strawberry fresh water they have at the front desk.. I attended a wedding & reception there. The ceremony was outside and was beautiful. The reception was inside of course and the hall was also very elegant looking. The food was catered by an outside  vendor. I was however disappointed with the drink pour at the reception. It wasn't even an ounce.. and when I asked for a double, the "bartender" got an attitude and said it was against company policy when earlier I had gone over to get a drink from another bartender. Obviously there is no structure with the staff. Another thing I noticed is that the staff had no idea what the food was and during lunch and dinner they were not prompt to put the food out on time. meaning a dish was empty and it took them at least 5 mins to refill. Again beautiful hotel but I believe the event planner from the Hotel along with Staff needs better training. I would not recommend this place for events. However after the wedding we went upstairs to the Lounge/Bar and had Mimosas which were made perfectly and the staff there were very friendly.
5	I won't check out for another hour or so but I had to get on yelp to share my love and praise for TheBallantyne Hotel and Lodge. Unbelievable and consistent service! This property is INCREDIBLE. Check in yesterday was flawless. The front desk was more than patient with me with my several questions: where's the fitness center, the business center, my key to the business center won't work, forgot a toiletry can you help...They were amazing and extremely accommodating in sharing where I could find everything including the pool and spa.  The fitness center is great. So much nicer than what I'm used to in a hotel.  Large facility,plenty of machines and free weights. Two onsite trainers.  H20 available if you wish along with plenty of towels and great music to get you into your workout groove. The TVs on the treadmill off you the chance to listen to music, watch TV, play games.  Get this, the TV personal screens are not killed with TV snow. You actually get a CLEAR visible screen! Bonus. :) The staff was also very sensitive to who had water and who needed water.  You didn't have to go searching for it. It was brought to you. The in-room dining is spectacular.  Ordered the Hearts of Romaine salad which was HUGE. The dressing was a parmigiano-reggiano flavor and placed to the side which is my preference.  Sauteed Atlantic Salmon was the largest piece I had ever seen and made to my medium order. Braised mushrooms were hot and very savory.  Definitely go for the chocolate availability of the day: mine happen to be double chocolate cake.  Probably could have ordered a glass of wine only but didn't see any glass options in the menu; only half bottle and full.  Will need to ask if you order. Their guarantee is your hot meal served in 30 minutes.  My server was incredible. Very polished and very polite. 'May I come in' and carefully explained everything to me and put it all together in a beautiful spread.  Offered to come get the dishes or I could place everything in the hall. The bed was the best I'd ever experienced. SOFTEST bed and pillows you will EVER experience.  They really make it tough to want to get out of bed. :)  My wake up call was perfect. Told me the date, time, temperature outside and would I like fresh made coffee delivered to my room? :)  The shower was perfect. I sound like a broken record player here but I mean what I say...it was perfect pressure. Perfect towels that were HUGE and very soft they envelope you very comfortably.  Dine at the Gallery onsite restaurant. I went for breakfast this AM and again, the service from my hostess to my server was perfection.  You are treated as an honored guest and it was a fabulous experience.  Ordered me a veggie omelette with egg whites, whole wheat toast and a side of fruit in lieu of potatoes.  Ice tea made half and half.  My server was attentive, kept me at a good pace, was professional and very welcoming. When my meal came out with white bread, she was all over replacing my white with my ordered wheat.  I was waiting for my tea to be delivered early in my sit down meal when the hostess noticed I didn't have anything at my table and could she get me a drink? This staff spots you, watches you and cares for you. Unbelievable service and very, very kind. My biggest take-away re: The Ballantyne is outstanding and consistent service.  I don't know how many staff I passed on the way to the gym, the business center, the Gallery and every single representative from the property was beyond professional, acknowledged me, SMILED, offered kind words and you felt very safe.  It's like connecting with ONE person throughout your entire stay and the best part is you get exposure to multiple people all with the same mission. I have never experienced anything like it. My company booked our meeting here and at a glance to the agenda and property I didn't know what I didn't know. Having experienced The Ballantyne in Charlotte was a very memorable experience.  Heaven on earth right here in NC. Who knew!  THANKS BALLANTYNE!!!!!!
5	This place is pure class. I just had my wedding reception there and couldn't have been more pleased with how it turned out. Alli Hall was my planner and she was absolutely amazing. The staff is friendly and will treat you like family here. The rooms are comfortable and service impeccable. The cottage was perfect for our after wedding party and for my wedding party to get comfortable. If it's a one night escape or a large event you are planning, I highly recommend this hotel!
5	My wife and I loved it here.  Staff was excellent, room gorgeous, and across the street are sorts of things.  The room was overlooking the golf course and there was a large mirror on the wall (hubba-hubba).  I would love to go back right now... That's right, leave work and go back.
4	This hotel lodge was excellent. It is Christmas Eve and the service was just excellent. The lady was so sweet and nice working the lobby ..not even giving it a thought but helping and being cheerful! Excellent food and great area!
3	Our friend got us a night here as a gift after our wedding, and so we were on cloud nine anyway, but everything was excellent while we were here.  I can't really rate the place in the traditional sense of a hotel, because we didn't even have to check in, since our friends had checked in for us to decorate the rooms with rose petals and cake, etc.  And we left early the next day, so we didn't use any other part of the hotel. The only issue we had while we were there was the TV didn't work, but we didn't get it fixed, so it didn't matter since we were other-wise engaged....Nice place, but for what I think our friends payed, I don't think it's as nice as it could be.
4	This review is for the Afternoon Tea. I've been to the Ballantyne hotel numerous times for afternoon tea and I absolutely love it! I've taken family and friends visiting from out of town and I've visited just because it would make for a lovely Saturday afternoon.Afternoon tea seating is in the lobby of the hotel where they set up low tables and comfy seating  - perfect for a relaxing afternoon. The only thing you have to decide on is your tea. You are offered a menu to choose your tea - it's a pretty wide selection  - but my favorite is the vanilla.  Depending on the time of year, they also have special teas such as a holiday tea.The rest of your tea consists of a preset selection of tea sandwiches, scones and pastries. It all comes out on beautiful china and tiered serving trays. The sandwiches and pastries do sometimes change with the seasons but they are all very good.The service is very attentive. Patricia, the server we see most often, is great. She recognizes us and is so welcoming each time we visit. She even remembers where we like to sit :)Afternoon tea is offered only Tuesday through Saturday from 1:00 - 5:00pm so I do recommend reservations on Saturday.  And it is a leisurely experience, so expect to hang out and relax.
5	5 stars for luxury service, room, lobby, pool, restaurant!
4	Beautiful. Elegant.  Of course.  This is to be expected.  Two complaints - You have to PAY FOR wi-fi.  Come on, even McDonald's has free wifi.  Two - the beautiful marble floors in the bathroom are very slippery.  But, you can wear the super soft comfortablel slippers given to you t in the room.
5	Very nice facility.  Professional, friendly staff.  Great location in SE Charlotte.Wonderful place to eat dinner, go to SPA and take better half for in-town vacation.Book early, as special events will sell out the facility.This is where the Obamas stay when in town.
2	I'm a bit of a hotel snob- Ive stayed over 90 days in Starwood properties over the past year. So when i go to a property in the luxury collection I have high expectations. I expect St Regis / ritz kind of luxury and service. This property didn't deliver and neither did the staff.  It was ordinary, which, in the luxury collection, just doesn't cut it. I should have stayed it the aloft which is just down the street. I'm confident that they would have exceeded my more modest expectations.
3	Have visited people staying here, have attended luncheons and dinners and have enjoyed many of their displays and exhibitions throughout the year.It is a gorgeous facility, very classy and opulent.  The staff is professional and formal.  Have always been struck at how in good old south Charlotte that there can be such a first class facility.  But it is there and is worth a visit. Special occasions would be great to celebrate here.
4	Rooms are top notch and the bathroom is amazing. Enjoyed are two day stay. There is golf, tennis, swimming and a gym. You can walk to places to eat, or eat at the award winning gallery restaurant.  I would have given this a five star rating but the spa did not measure up to the rest of the hotel, and lacked customer service and the relaxation factor. Skip the spa and enjoy the rest of the hotel, it is grand.
1	A friend and I stopped by the hotel for a bite by the pool. We are locals who have patronized the hotel, restaurants, spa and trainers for several years. Additionally we have referred friends and relatives and business associates. On the occasion of our recent visit we were informed that we were not welcome to have lunch at the pool because we were not paying guests or spa users on that day. This establishment sent a strong message to us that they do not want to welcome their locals in the community. We will not be returning for anything at this hotel and will inform those we know to follow.  In the competitive restaurant and hotel scene here in charlotte they  made a huge mistake turning away revenues from their locals.
4	Time of Stay: Weekend of July 18thThe Ballantyne Hotel in South Charlotte is a beautiful property belongs to Luxury Collection Hotel who is managed by Starwoods. There are 103 Luxury Collection hotels in the world. The property has a beautiful Golf Course, indoor & outdoor poor, in additional all the beautiful decorations inside of the hotel. On top of that, Gallery Restaurant at The Ballantyne is great, it is a must try! Customer service: It is simply amazing from the moment you entered the property. Valet /Bellman was good, Front desk staffs were really friendly and happy ! Housekeeping staffs were also good. In room dining food tastes really good, server was really helpful when it comes t o picking up the right food. Yes, it was delivered within 30 minutes. Food was delivered in about 24 minutes. Concierge at The Ballantyne were amazing!  Amanda wrote a card to ensure that we had a great stay. It is better than giving you a bottle of red wine and some flowers. Little thing like hand written card will make hotel guests really happy. Martin also recommended some amazing places to visit in Charlotte area.  Why did I give it a 4 stars. The exterior wall of the hotel needs to be cleaned badly. Sorry I used to work for luxury hotels, and I am a graduated of Hospitality Management program. So I look at the little details in the hotel that requires improvement. The shower door in our room can't be closed properly. So when I was taking shower, the bathroom gets really wet. The room also muggy smell to it, but it was clean. Not sure how or why, the room has this type of smell. We asked housekeeping for some air freshener after check in. Yes, I DO WANT RECOMMEND ALL MY FRIENDS & FAMILY & STRANGERS TO THIS  BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY :) WE WILL BE BACK AGAIN, TOO ;)
5	Free valet, prompt check in, smiles, almost st regis style, amazing (really amazing) food, two great pools inside and out, huge gym (for a hotel) and golf course views. Awesome property.
4	Over the past four years, I have attended a lot of corporate events at the Ballantyne Resort and for the most part, everything is good.   There have been 1 or 2 service issues on a couple of occasions at the corporate functions, but no huge issues.Dec 2013 we had our company holiday party in one of the ballrooms in the main resort instead of the Lodge, and it was overall very good. There were a couple of small snafus during the dinner service, but when you are trying to serve 180 people sit down pre-ordered dinner selections, there are bound to be a couple of small mix-ups. Staff was good about trying to quickly resolve the issues, so everyone eventually ended up with the correct orders.I have to say the quality of my guestroom that evening after the party was quite exceptional. The room was a King Grand Deluxe & the bed was very comfy! The bathroom was quite luxurious as well! I have stayed at The Grove Park Inn in Asheville as well, and I think the guestrooms are much nicer & more elegant here. 5 stars for my room.The one really negative experience I have had here happened May 2, 2014. I went to meet my significant other after he finished playing golf at the resort. He was still playing when I arrived so I went to the bar & ordered a drink. He then texted me to let me know he was about to play the 18th.  I asked the bartender if I could move outdoors to watch & she said that it was no problem at all.  So I took my drink and sat at a hightop overlooking the 18th.  After golf was finished, my SO came up to join me on the patio. There were 2 male servers working outside that day and they were terrible! Both my SO and I tried on several occasions to flag one of them over (they were completely ignoring our table). When we FINALLY got one to acknowledge us we asked for water & a menu (by this point it was dinner time & we were both hungry). We never got that water or a menu. Finally my SO went back into the bar to pay for my previous drink & told the bartender about our experience. She apologized profusely and refused to let him pay for my drink.  She was very professional & helpful, and I give her 5 stars for her level of service.  However, I give those 2 male servers who were working outdoors on the patio between 6:30-8:00 pm on 5/2/2014 absolutely zero stars!!! If that were my first & only experience at the Ballantyne Resort, I am not so sure I would go back. Because of the poor service out on the patio, we elected to leave and go elsewhere for dinner that night. Its a shame because you definitely expect much more professional service from the waitstaff at a place like this!
4	Let me say first of all that I have not personally stayed at this resort; however, this is where I used to make a reservation for the owners of the company that I previously worked for, so I did get to see the hotel's rooms, the common areas, and the restaurant. My guests LOVED this place! The food is good. The hotel is clean. The service is impeccable. No, it isn't inexpensive.I highly recommend this resort for out of town visitors who demand a really NICE place for the night.
3	Stayed at the Lodge for work. The rooms are massive and includes a pretty big hot tub. The only thing I can't stomach is that the price of this place is quoted at $299/night. Although I didn't pay for the rooms since the host company did I don't think this hotel is anywhere near that price. The curtains are outdated and the couches are old. I get that this for corporate events due to the golf course but come on.. at this price they should update the basics. If your conference is at the Hotel and not the Lodge you will need to take a long walk. I can't believe there isn't even an access point without going on the main street. Kind of strange.It is a Starwood property so at least you can get the points. Plenty of parking and wifi is $14.95/24 hours.
3	REVIEW PART 1 OF 2 (see subsequent 'update' for part 2):The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms were nice and the bathrooms were large and well appointed. This overall review is all-inclusive of our two day experience at the Ballantyne Resort - which includes the Golf Amenities, the Spa Facilities, the Four-Star Gallery Restaurant, and the Ballantyne Hotel & Resort (part of SPG).As an SPG Gold Member who planned an extensive (AND EXPENSIVE) weekend for my husband's special birthday (to include private golf lessons, a round of golf, a full spa day, and several meals), I am disappointed in my experience.The golf lessons (via Dana Radar) are outside the scope of the hotel review - I'll just say they were great! The course is quite nice - though, there is no beverage cart. As a side note, the email link to contact the golf course is an invalid email - you have to call for any tee times or other needs. The golf course did mix up our tee time, but were able to eventually get us off to a quick start. Though, there was nobody to help carry our bags from the golf shop / cart area up to our car - so we did that ourselves. Lunch at the Gallery (a Forbes Four-Star Rated Restaurant) was mediocre - the view on the balcony was nice, but our burgers which we requested Medium (him) and Mid-Well (me) came out very WELL and dry! Plus, my onions had a short dark hair in them (I have shoulder-length blonde, so it wasn't mine!). I told the waitress not to worry about it because we had a tee time in 30 mins and couldn't wait. As a plus, I liked the homemade jams the preceded our burgers, and the fries were good. So, our bill came, we paid with a CC and left. We were planning on doing the chef's 8-course tasting menu for dinner, but after that, I cancelled and we went offsite for dinner!For a special Birthday (surprise!) weekend - which I called to confirm these details - I was told we were going to be upgraded (as an SPG Gold Member) to a Balcony Room with a King Bed facing the Golf Course. We get to our room and it's a golf-view (with massive spider webs outside and a large spider living on the window - windows need washed outside, I also noticed this in the spa) but the room was subpar without the anticipated balcony.                                                                                                                                                                                                 I immediately called the front desk who politely said they couldn't upgrade me (due to availability) to a suite nor could they get me a King balcony room unless we wanted to view the parking lot. Frustrated, I said no thanks - for his birthday, and after a golf-centered day on site, we wanted to see the golf course. Frustrated, I decided to called back and said fine if that was ALL THEY COULD DO, because the idea of breakfast on the balcony was part of the vision for the day. So, we waited until the bellman (Jay, who was very nice & helpful) came again to get our luggage and brought our new room key moving us to a balcony room with a lovely parking lot view. Hmmm... Loyalty appreciation, I think not! (Here's what happened... in my SPG account, my general preferences state high floor, king bed and preferably not adjoining rooms). So... for my VERY SPECIFIC reservation requests, they "assumed" my preference for a non-adjoining room was to be above my request for a Loyalty upgrade or the Balcony room. TSK TSK! (Now, they did have one balcony room facing the course, BUT, ONLY IF my husband and I wanted to sleep in SEPERATE beds!!!!)The spa - ahhhh! So you would think. It's a decent spa, and I like that they have working steam and saunas, but it's a VERY FAR cry from Grove Park Inn - which is my personal standard for best in class spas. The massages were very good quality (couples massage), and our pedicures were good (though my service provider arrived chewing food, said hello and really didn't speak or make eye contact throughout the experience). My husband's provider was warmer and reasonably engaging.We had pre-booked lunch to be delivered at the outdoor pool. Well, after waiting 20 minutes the food arrived after we (personally) hunted down the waiter who was delivering it to the balcony. Hmmm... The salad was enough for a total of 6 bites. Tasty though, just small. Though, not that unexpected for a 'spa' menu-salad - on the other hand, the Gallery made it. Not impressed.Our waiter asked if we needed anything else, we said - Yes, we each ordered alcoholic drinks (me the Ballantyne, my husband the Blueberry Basil drink.) He said someone else would be bringing that to us. We waited, 30 minutes after finishing our salad, still no drinks. We're at a spa, poolside, and ordered our drinks at 11AM and it's now after lunchtime and still no drinks. I guess it was lost in the mix because we had vouchers for free SPG Gold member drinks - but way to drop the ball Ballantyne!
3	END OF REVIEW: 2 of 2I went in and they tried to figure it out for us, they were very polite at the front desk. I go downstairs to change, and couldn't find an attendant in the oddly appointed greeting area downstairs to follow up on this... maybe THEY could help find our drinks that were MIA! So, at this point, (which was actually my husband's birthday), he  just wanted to leave. We changed, went back upstairs, and asked to check out. I asked the gentleman to just please see if he could get us our drinks and we'll take them to our room - at this point, our room would be more relaxing than this frustration. He politely agreed and we proceeded to checkout.Now, as a plus, I had very meticulously planned every detail of the day for over a month. I spoke with a front desk (hotel) manager, and Lydia in the spa many times over email. Both were extremely helpful and accommodating. I would give the spa 1 star if it weren't for my prior/pre-experience with Lydia. Also, my masseuse (a gentleman) was great as well - great pressure and technique! Lydia had confirmed I could use my SpaWish gift certificates for our visit (the hotel participates in this program) - which I was grateful for! At spa checkout, I gave the gal my gift certs and paid the balance to the room bill. I got a call from her a few minutes after we returned to our room (after waiting for the bar to make our drinks - the Ballantyne was great, the basil one was disgusting and we dumped it). There had been a mix-up with SpaWish noting two of my vouchers had been previously redeemed - I took care of this with SpaWish separately and in the meantime the spa was very patient as I gave them different vouchers/gift cards to redeem so we were able to close out without incident. I appreciated their patience with this after the fact. Appreciatively, as SPG Gold, we were allotted a late 4PM checkout. We intended to shower and nap before heading to a different uptown hotel for that evening. We had a 6-course wine-dinner booked at Ruth's Chris which we were looking forward to, but simply wanted to stay closer to the restaurant Sunday evening. On the heels of all these aforementioned adventures at Ballantyne, we decided to just pack up and leave for our uptown hotel. Net, I've heard great things about this hotel and greater things about the spa & restaurant. I will say the golf (Ballantyne course & the Dana Radar School were exceptional!) But the GPI I benchmark it against puts it to shame. Overall, pretty hotel and the rooms are nice.  The communication with the staff in planning this special weekend was rather exceptional, so I appreciate that! The Gallery Restaurant wasn't impressive (though, brunch Sunday morning - crab cake benedict - was very good!). Skip the Gallery for lunch though - I wouldn't go back for dinner. Leading up to our hotel stay, I called on three occasions only to have nobody answer at the Gallery restaurant - and yes, it was during business hours. Hence, we didn't do our Saturday dinner with wine and the Chef's coursed meal... The staff/admin at the Spa were fantastic. Though, the spa as a whole doesn't have their act together. It is a very pretty spa with nice amenities, but when you stay at a Spa resort you expect seamless transitions. Our 'service' providers were late in picking us up for our treatments. One failed to tell my husband to return to the men's lounge where he'd be picked up for his next treatment. So... the Birthday Boy stood awkwardly in the hallway until someone kindly alerted me that he wasn't sure where he was supposed to be. So I went out to the hall (in the "quiet treatment area") and let him know where to go. The transitions were poor between treatments!In fairness, I would like to point out there were a few people who were exceptional leading up to our visit - they were all thoughtful and timely with their follow-ups to my inquiries as I meticulously planned every detail. These individuals were prompt, professional and accommodating - so I thank them (omitting last names for public Yelp review cut & paste): Lydia (spa - she was especially helpful with my planning needs and questions), Carolina K. (hotel), Alan G. (hotel), Cameron B. (hotel) & Audrey B. (hotel). Nice facilities, nice people, but not an A-Class experience overall - you PAY FOR THE EXPERIENCE PLUS THE VENUE - great venue, underwhelming experience. VERY disappointed in the room problem (This was a BIG deal), plus I'd called and emailed three times to confirm this. Thankfully, we slept ok in our parking-lot view room, but missed our drinks with lunch and just had a mediocre experience overall.All in, after the total cost, I would rather drive a few hours for an experience that is far superior at the same price. It was worth a try since we're local...
4	Christmas Day Brunch at The Gallery at Ballantyne Hotel was excellent.   There were beautiful winter wonderland ice sculptures to set the mood.  It was a beautiful buffet set up with carvers on two ends and the side dishes in the middle.  The turkey was very moist and tender.  The most delicious collard greens were one of the best dishes ever.   I don't usually care for mashed potatoes but these were divine.   There was another setup for cheeses, grilled vegetables, and salads.  There was an omelette station set up outside the main dining room.  The dessert station was set up with beautiful Christmas desserts and there was a bananas foster station. We had decent service by a very polite sever.  They were very busy.  I had a pumpkin tart for dessert that was out of this world.  This was 75.00 per person but it was Christmas and it was beautiful.
5	Did not stay overnight, but instead visited for Gingerbread Lane.  This hotel is much grander than initially anticipated and very beautiful.. I pass it almost daily, as I work in the business park across the street.  Beautifully decorated.  Hotel staff are very pleasant and engaging.  I would definitely visit again, and depending on the price- possibly spend a night enjoying a room and the various amenities.
