5	Packing up and moving your life across the country can be pretty hectic. This task lands on the bottom tiers of "things I enjoy." However, when it came time to select a moving company to transport the family goods from Charlotte to Chicago, Easy Movers was a fine choice overall.Since hubs did the front end work of setting up and negotiating with the administrative folks, the only piece I can really comment on is that they stay true to their word. Promises were kept and our household items arrived in Chicago on time and in great shape. The actual guys who moved our boxes and furniture were polite, funny and efficient. The items from our two bedroom townhome were unloaded into our new home in a half day's time. If you're moving in or out of the Charlotte area, Easy Movers is a solid choice!
4	Very professional and efficient! The final cost was less than the original estimate (I sold some items prior to the move and I also had all my items boxed and labeled). This is definitely a reputable company and I would use them again for my moving needs. The only issue I noticed was that they propped the washer and dryer up to the connection and did NOT secure the connections. I would advise/suggest you check the connections before they leave or before you attempt to do laundry.
5	The movers were very careful, fast, and efficient. Although the quotation was higher than many of the movers I had researched, the prudent and meticulous handling they exhibited for all of my move items was worth every penny.  I have moved over a dozen times across the US and this was the very time that movers did NOT make ANY dings, stray marks, or scratches anywhere in my brand new home. THe condition  of the home was exactly the same as it was prior to several hours of moving. Outstanding job by this crew who arrived at the scheduled time and finished slightly ahead of the projected time which included careful wrapping off all my furniture items including sofas, love seat, piano keyboard,  a couple of queen sized bedroom suites and exercise equipment....BEST move ever!!!! Defintely recommend and would use them again in a heartbeat!
4	I came across Easy Moves through Angies List as a very reputable mover. I will say that I was very impressed with the professionalism of the people I spoke with over the phone for a quote and the movers themselves. Over the phone, they quoted me two hours and it actually ended up being 4 hours. However, I was okay with that because they handled all of our furntiure in a safe manner as fast as they could. I watched the entire time and these guys busted their humps trying to go as fast as they could knowing what was quoted. As with any move, minor knicks and scratches are expected. One of the movers knicked the wood off in the door frame of the master bedroom. The very next business day they had their contractor come out and fix door frame. Also, after signing the bill, I noticed that the movers miscalculated the hours and overcharged me. I called them right away and they got it all straightened out. Overall, was very pleased with the work they did for us.
5	Easy Movers was the perfect choice for my move! They showed up 15 min. early and immediately started working. They worked at a constant pace and did not stop until they finished loading the last piece. They went over the "estimated" time, but that was because I had some difficult (large and heavy) pieces. I would highly recommend them!
5	God Bless Larry and Milton!  They did an outstanding job moving us into our new home.  They were careful, quick, efficient and rolled with the quirks of getting stuff into our house.  There were extremely mindful of the new paint, flooring and refinished hardwoods.  These men truly went the extra mile and treated our things and home as carefully as they would their own.  I'm glad to know who to recommend to anyone who needs a terrific moving company.   Our final total was less than the original estimate, largely to how quick they were.  These guys were honest, fair and super hard-working!  Easy Movers has two gems with Larry and Milton!
5	Easy Movers are the best. I was very skeptical about my movers. But these guys are very professional and extremely hard working. What I admire is how caring they were with our personal possessions and belongings.  Thank you EM.
4	I hired Easy Movers to unload a 28' ABF U-Pack trailer that was filled to the brim. Scheduling the move was easy, and the employee in their main office was very helpful and professional. On moving day, the crew arrived approximately 30 minutes after the arrival window, which is the only reason why I took off one star. Once Marcus and his crew arrived, Marcus walked me through some basic paperwork. I really appreciated how Easy Movers document the start and stop times and have the customer initial to confirm their accuracy. Once this was done, the crew got right to work. There were four guys on the crew, and they were all very friendly, careful with my belongings, and efficient. If they had a question about where something went, they were sure to ask. They are very capable movers as well, and they handled my larger furniture with ease. It took them just two hours to unload the trailer. Impressive!If I ever need help moving in the Charlotte area again, I won't hesitate to hire Easy Movers. They are a great alternative to the larger, non-local moving companies in the area.
5	This was my first time using a mover and I'll say without a doubt I'll call them again. The movers were really quick and actually wrapped a lot of my important furniture. Once everything was said and done I used my voucher purchased from yelp and it was smooth sailing.
5	I used Easy Movers for my move from Charlotte NC to Atlanta GA. I contacted Don Reid at Easy Movers and he was very help and patient to all the questions that I had. The move was very smooth and I was very satisfied with everything.I moved a two bed apartment, packed about 20 boxes. It took the two movers about 2 hours to load everything on the truck and 2 hours to unload everything to my new home. The movers called before they got to my home both times and they were very punctual on the set schedule. They packed everything very carefully. For my couch, cabinet and tables, they have packed multiple layers to protect them. None of my furniture or boxes got broken during the move.I was provided with two options in terms of estimate my total payment: 1. Provide an inventory list and receive an estimate. This estimate will be adjusted based on the final weight of all my stuff, which they will weigh on the pick-up date; 2. One moving staff (Glen, he was super friendly) comes to my home and takes a look at my stuff and give a set price (which will not change, this is a binding price), and my stuff will not be weighed on pick-up date. I selected the latter so there would be no surprise on my final price. Don was very easy to work with. And during the whole process he checked up on me for several times. I highly recommend this moving company to everyone.
5	They came on 8:30am on a Sunday morning, very quick and efficient! Time starts when they actually walk into the apt and not once they park the truck! One guy went over the paperwork with me while the other started wrapping up my furniture! Everything was very well done and they were full of energy. No issues and I would recommend them!
