5	The staff was very friendly and accommodating of my special requests.  I needed to book a room for a wedding with both the group rate and non-group rate as I was staying in town longer than the wedding, and I couldn't do this online.  The woman at the front desk was very friendly and booked it for me over the phone.  On the day of my stay, I arrived at 7am on an overnight flight and just wanted to sleep.  On a whim, I called the hotel to see if they would let me check in very early, and they did!  The same woman who booked my reservation checked me in and even allowed me to eat the continental breakfast when I arrived and even got me a tray to carry up to my room. I booked a two-bedroom suite and it was huge- king size bed in one room, two bathrooms, full kitchen, fireplace, fold-out couch.  Rooms were very modern and clean.  Continental breakfast was one of the best I've had at a hotel.  And a great rate too!  Walkable to shops and restaurants across the street, and a pool open seasonally.  Free parking and internet.  All and all, a perfect stay.
5	Bf and I stayed here for a night so we could attend a wedding shower for some friends in Waxhaw, NC. It was recommended to me by the future groom, and I am so glad he suggested it. In fact, if his wedding is close enough to this location, I will probably book us here again in October (unless they block off rooms somewhere else with a better price).Our room, the King Suite, was welcoming and huge.  It would be a great place to stay for more than one night because you have a fridge and cabinets full of plates and silverware. However, we still made use of that stuff because there is conveniently a Harris Teeter (as well as many restaurants and a movie theater) in the shopping area across the street. We bought ourselves a bottle of wine, cheese, and crackers to keep in the fridge for later. Such a great thing to do on vacay! And yes, the suite did have a wine opener in the drawer. AND a bag of popcorn that we enjoyed later that night while watching a movie on our HD TV that rotates 180 degrees. The only thing more I would have liked from the room is complimentary lotion to go along with the typical soap, shampoo, and conditioner because I didn't pack any assuming I would get some in the room.The facilities are clean and updated. We arrived in time to play in the pool before the shower event. The outdoor area also includes a grill with tables and chairs, a basketball hoop, and a pagoda.Breakfast in the morning on the weekend stops at 10 AM, so we set our alarm accordingly (we like to sleep!). I really enjoyed the toppings for my oatmeal: blueberries, walnuts, and brown sugar. Yes! The coffee was okay. I wish there was half and half available instead of that fake creamer stuff.We were a little bummed that we could not get a later check-out (noon is typical) because too many other rooms had already requested it. But that was fine. Also, I don't really understand why the AAA rate is more than the weekend rate. As in about $40 more. It just makes no sense to me that my AAA membership will get me nothing there on a weekend. Anyways, I totally recommend this Charlotte hotel to anyone who is actually trying to partake in events in Waxhaw since it is so close to the border.
4	"My usual suite, please. --Do you have a credit card...or any luggage?" -- Die Another Day (2002)Business travel seems the same no matter where one goes.  You go to your hotel, check in, maybe unpack, do some work, step out to grab some food, come back, catch some zzz's and then get up, get ready for work, pack and leave the hotel.  Sometimes it doesn't seem to matter the hotel.This time around, all the hotels in the area of town I needed to be were booked up solid, so I ended up at the Residence Inn in a suite.  I'm not complaining - but it isn't my usual accommodations. It seems a waste on me as I will be here for 18 hours, but at least I'm putting the freezer to good use (stashed a King of Pops pop in there - http://www.yelp.com/biz/king-of-pops-charlotte).The young lady at the front desk was nice and friendly upon check in.  Informed me of free wi-fi, free breakfast in the morning and a free social, including dinner items that night if I was interested.  There is a pool, tennis court, gym, etc. - none of which I will have any time to use while I am here.  Oh well, maybe next time.The room was spotless, plenty of towels, kitchenette area well stocked and ready for me to live  in for awhile.  My only complaint is really there does not seem to be that much parking to manage the number of rooms - but maybe there is a hidden lot behind I could not find?As has not happened in my last 2 visits to Marriott properties in Charlotte - my room was already feather-free (per my Marriott gold profile).  Huzzah!  Points for that additional $30 per night versus the Courtyards in town.  Glad their computers work.Thanks Residence Inn.
4	Stayed here for one night with my gf and a bunch of family for my brothers wedding. The hotel was very accommodating, getting us into a room 3 hours before check-in began after a night of being fully booked. The room was clean and all that good stuff. I don't think there was anything spectacular about it, but nothing to complain about regarding the interior of the room either.The groomsmen got up at 9 and played basketball on their small half court which was great. The court isn't positioned that well however, as it is right in an L of the hotel. Essentially, we woke up half the hotel. That said, I. Maintain that it was the hotels fault.The breakfast provided by the hotel was good, but again, not spectacular.
