3	With the lack of a Chipotle downtown, Moe's is my go-to for a tasty burrito or taco.  They treat vegetarians right, having a tofu option and the meatless options cost almost a dollar less than their meatfull contemporaries.  Lots of different options (all with silly names) spanning Burritos, Tacos, Quesadillas, Salads and Nachos.  Ingredients seem pretty fresh, everything comes with chips and salsa (5-6 different options).  Can be VERY busy on a weekday lunch but they move people through very quickly.  Outdoor seating on the square is also nice.
5	I adore Moe's. I love the fact that you get free chips & salsa with every purchase. Sometimes I just buy 1 taco and with the chips & salsa, that makes a meal. The Art Vandelay vegetarian burrito is recommended.They close early. So after work I'd have to rush over to grab a burrito before they closed up shop.
3	I went to Moe's for the first time last week - in the middle of the lunch rush.  The service was quick and we scored a table outside.  I got the taco combo with chips and queso.  The tacos were so stuffed, I could hardly eat them!  Great food but a bit messy. There are tons of food options and rumor has it they have a decent happy hour.
2	This is not Tex-Mex.  Being from Texas, I judge this type of cuisine rather harshly.  Regardless, Moe's Southwest Grill would fall short in the mouths of many yelpers.  I ordered the Joey Combo, which included a Joey chicken burrito, queso & chips, and a drink.  The chicken and rice in the bland burrito was so dry even when combined with salsa.  The queso was a big solid lump of white cheese.  The salsa station was a mess.  When I picked up a to-go salsa container, I did not expect it to be all over my fingers.You are better off going to Chipotle if you want a better burrito.
5	Their burritos are so good, I haven't gone one school break in two years without eating them.  Oh, and when I lived in Arlington, VA last summer, I drove 10 miles just to go to the closest Moe's!
2	I came in just after the lunch break. Service was fast and friendly. I ordered the homewrecker burrito with chicken. The chicken itself was quite tasty. However, the rest of the burrito left something to be desired. It just didn't taste properly fresh... as if the veg and beans and condiments had been sitting out and had gone limp.Overall, it wasn't bad for fast-food Mexican however I could probably do better going to Chipotle instead.
4	I'm a Moe's fan, I'll admit. I don't think the flavor is that good(I think all of these types of restaurants taste like a Mexican Subway, and by that I mean any form of imagery you can imagine). But Moe's wins out among the Big 3(Moe's, Qdoba, and Chipotle) in a pinch for a single reason: Moe's offers free chips, which means for less than $3 I can get chips, salsa, and a Unanimous Decision(veggie taco with guac and sour cream). Seriously, how can you beat that?Honestly, it's just a chain fast food burrito place. You know what you're getting when you walk through the door.
4	Yeah, Moe! You are an awesome people watching spot and your portions are reasonably sized. I LOVE the fact that you carry Dos Equis and that your staff shouts a welcome at you when you walk in the door. You are kinda like the East Coast Baja Fresh, only slightly not as fresh.....and your Verde salsa kicks mucho arse! Yum!
4	I love that they have tofu tacos and a salsa bar on the side. What I don't like is that its pretty expensive for fast food. I know I spend way more here in comparison to Chipotle next door. I mean, if you're looking for a tasty burrito, this isn't the place. But, for some tofu tacos, I'll come here.
3	Pros:Free refills on popSalsa bar with a variety of optionsFresh made chipsFriendly staff (welcome to Moe's!)Cons:Guac was too tomatoeyDining room was cold because of the location of doorsConstantly hearing "welcome to Moe's"Odd names for all of their itemsIn general, I'm a fan of Moe's, but usually only when I have a coupon as the cost can really add up when you add on the drink, chips, etc.  I like that everything is made fresh and too your liking.  I was disappointed with the flavor of the chicken and found my rice to be fairly dry.  On a second visit, I had tofu as my protein and I thought it was a much better option than the chicken was.  My major complaint is that they try to be cute with the names of their food items so half the time, I forget whay my burrito bowl is actually called by the time I get up to order it.
4	I erased my previous review.  I had a concern about the pricing but just spoke with the owner (Mike) and he addressed my concern.  Very impressed how quickly he got in touch with me.  Corporate set some guidelines that he is working on fixing.   If you order a Naked Joey in the Bowl they don't have an option in the register, so you get charged for a Homewrecker or "Earmuffs".  Makes total sense now.  Earmuffs aka the rice bowl that was added to the menu in the fall.I also mentioned the limited indoor seating.  Mike is trying to reconfigure the restaurant but he's at the mercy of the building owner.  This is the most efficient Moe's that I have seen.  They get you in and out very quickly.  I rarely see long lines.  Mike said they pride themselves on their efficiency.  Quality of the food is very good.  I always get steak with mushrooms, onions, peppers, salsa (tomato and corn), and cucumbers.  No complaints.  Lines are shorter than Chipolte.  When the weather is warmer they have plenty of outdoor seating. You get a nice view of what is going on the square (Market Square).
2	Visited Moe's for the first time in about a year for their birthday promo (Free Burrito w/ purchase of a large drink), and I have to say I was let down relative to my relatively mild expectations.On a positive side, Moe's definitely has their lunch process nailed down to an efficient machine.  They pump people quick enough through the line that there's often a bottleneck and a battlefield at the open salsa station and drink stand.Relative to the food, as many others have referenced, Moe's offers your typical Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. style build-your-own Mexican bar.  Being similarly priced to those options, the quality of Moe's ingredients simply doesn't compare and can best be described as bland at best.The "free" chips with every meal (I hate these type of sales gimmicks) are honestly outgunned by your standard grocery store Tostidos fare.  I haven't tried the queso, so that may act as a saving grace.With an abundance of great establishments downtown to grab lunch, Moe's just doesn't make a meaningful price/benefit argument.
2	No offense, but Pittsburghers seem to love bad Mexican/southwestern style food, so when multiple people have negative things to say about a place that serves up 'corrupt cuisine' (ala burrito bowls and such), you should probably trust them. I just went here for lunch anyway. First off, the names for everything are so lame. I'm not referring to what I want to eat as a home wrecker. Nope. I was excited about the variety of options for your food item. I got a burrito bowl with rice, chicken, black beans, onions, corn salsa, pico, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and and insane amount of cilantro. Chips are free, and I bought a thing of queso to dip them in. I also picked up two of the medium salsas from the free salsa bar. Unfortunately, nothing in the burrito bowl stood out aside from the fact that somehow, it all managed to taste so bland. Even the tons of cilantro didn't stand out. The guacamole tasted like the plasticy store bought stuff, the sour cream had no flavor, both salsas from the bar tasted straight up strange, and everything else managed to have no flavor. Well, I'll give the queso credit because who doesn't like nasty ol' nacho cheese? Moes is a bit more pricy than its competitors but I assume this is because you get "free" chips, salsa, and guacamole.Service was service, nothing to really note about it except that someone did offer to explain the menu after I stared at it quizzically for a few moments longer than I should have.Anyway, now I know why the line at Chipotle across the street is at least 30 people long while a whole ten people have walked into moes in the half hour or so that I sat there. Save your money and go across the street  where your food will actually taste like something. I wanted to love you Moe's, but your names are stupid and your food has zero flavor. TL;DRPros: nacho cheese, "free" chipsCons: everything elseVerdict: Just say no.
4	Like the art vandalay. That's my fave!  Fresh ingredients are always used
2	Moe's is meh. Bland Americanized Mexican food. Nothing special. Go to las velas or chipolte instead, both are in market square.
2	The employees are friendly but the food itself is pretty bland. The meat and sauce is very unspiced and just doesn't taste Mexican at all. It doesn't even really taste like food actually, its just like chewing a flavorless stick of gum -- you know something is in your mouth, but it doesn't taste like anything at all. The only decent thing was the queso and chips, so you can try that if you absolutely must go here, but I would advise finding a better place if you want Mexican.
4	Went here for dinner with my niece.  It's fresh fast food.  I thought the prices were reasonable.  The portions were a good size.  They give you free chips and they have a free salsa bar.  My niece likes the soda machine. You can pick between a lot of different flavors.   I have to admit I enjoyed it as much as the kids.  Who doesn't want to mix cherry coke with lemonade and orange soda???I had a vegetarian taco. It had beans, tomato, lettuce, rice and guac and sour cream. It was good. Like I mentioned, everything tasted fresh. The guacamole was homemade.  It's worth checking out if you're in a hurry and are looking for something other than a burger.
3	Since the line at Chipotle was almost 30 people long yesterday, I decided to check out this Moe's instead. I was surprised to be the only person in line after seeing the insanity at their Mexican food competitor across the street. I ordered a Chicken Taco and Queso with Chips. The Chicken Taco was dismal. The quality of ingredients was much lower than what you would get at Chipotle. I was also barely able to eat the taco since it was so overfilled. However, the queso was delicious! I have been dieting, but I couldn't stop eating the wonderfully rich and smooth while mildly spicy cheesiness. Mmmm! This restaurant really deserves only 2 stars, so they are lucky that their queso is so fantastico!
3	Keep striking out lately...:-( maybe it's a sign to stop eating out. So, my burrito was fine. But my husband ordered the home wrecker with steak and got chicken! Even the foil had a big "S" on it for steak. Then, we got crumbs for chips...now, for those of you seasoned Moe's goers, know you usually get a heaping scoop of tortilla chips with your burrito that you can never finish anyway...but not today! I actually still had queso to spare, and that was the 2oz side! I know you can see and directly talk to the guys or gals behind the glass as they roll up your one pounder burrito, and my hubby should have said something, but didn't. I just told him to "eat it anyway...chicken is better for ya anyway". So he did. But the bottom of the barrel chips? Come on! I have been striking out with eating out for like a month straight here!
3	Keep striking out lately...:-( maybe it's a sign to stop eating out. So, my burrito was fine. But my husband ordered the home wrecker with steak and got chicken! Even the foil had a big "S" on it for steak. Then, we got crumbs for chips...now, for those of you seasoned Moe's goers, know you usually get a heaping scoop of tortilla chips with your burrito that you can never finish anyway...but not today! I actually still had queso to spare, and that was the 2oz side! I know you can see and directly talk to the guys or gals behind the glass as they roll up your one pounder burrito, and my hubby should have said something, but didn't. I just told him to "eat it anyway...chicken is better for ya anyway". So he did. But the bottom of the barrel chips? Come on! I have been striking out with eating out for like a month straight here!
1	I went to Moe's in Market Square in Pittsburgh PA on Friday 2-21-2014 as part of a promotional dinner event called The Winter Warm Up. I understand that each place has a set menu for this, but I feel the way I was treated by the manager Robert, was just plain shitty. We paid $50 for tickets and there were 9 restaurants, so I assumed $5.50 worth of food at each. They had rice, bean, and chicken bowls for us. That were a little small. I asked if I could have one without chicken, as I am a vegetarian and have been for 15 years. I thought with Moe's "make it your way" attitude, that this would be no problem. I was given a flat "No" as an answer. So, then I ask if I can take the chicken out myself and then they can put the other toppings on. "No" I explain that I paid to come here and I do not eat meat and they ignore me, explaining that the bowls are "pre-made." So, I just take one anyways, and throw away the chicken and proceed out of the line. At this point, one of the younger staff comes over and asks if I am a vegetarian. When I say yes, he apologizes, and makes me one without chicken, Great!, right???? No, Asshole manager Robert comes over and reams the kid for making mine Veg saying that "We ain't got time for this shit!" Well, excuse me?!? First of all, is it really appropriate to 1. talk like this in front of customers, children, and elderly??? 2. talk like this to employees??? 3. be this much of a jerk in general??? Also, there was no one else in line, and everyone in the restaurant had already been served... So what exactly did they not have time for??? NO ONE ELSE WAS DOING ANYTHING!?! What a jerk. Seriously!
5	Moe's is mine and my Daughter's favorite place to eat.  The food is safe, the queso dip is awesome, the chips usually fresh.  They have one of the touchscreen Coke machines that makes raspberry Coke Zero.  For fast food, it doesn't get any better.
4	Was a good meal have never had a burrito bowl before so I was kinda skeptical about it. It was fulling and yummy, the chips on the side was a plus. Wasn't too crowded and the staff was excellent WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!!!!!!
5	I can't believe Moe's only had three stars? What's up with that? I've been to this location twice and never had an issue.Moe's, by far, is my favorite chain Mexican restaurant. The value is great and you get so much food for the money. I get the "Homewrecker," which is a delicious and huge burrito, filled with everything you want and your choice of meat and beans. With that includes chips and your choice of salsa at the salsa bar (I like being able to get the salsas myself!). The big burrito, chips, salsa and a drink all for under $9! I also love the fact that you can fit all the crap you want in the burrito and somehow it all stays together and doesn't fall apart. As much as I love Chipotle, the free chips gives this place an edge when it comes to deciding where to go for quick Mexican. The staff is also very friendly as well.
4	Very nice staff.  Place is pretty clean.  I know they have to say "Welcome to Moes" but during busy time this can be a headache since several people scream it over and over and over. But that is the corporation rule.
5	The people there are so friendly and nice. It is good for any weeknight not to crowded and just the right price. Also if you get these wired bins (from when that cater) you get a free meal. The place is always in a laughing good mood, welcome to moes !!!
4	Good fast Mexican food. The lunch portions are the right size. It is not too much food.Didn't care for the yelling out Welcome to Moe's every time the door opened. They have a nice patio area over looking Market Square.
3	I found Moe's to be average. I ordered a chicken burrito bowl and it was pretty bland.. nothing too special. The free chips and salsa bar are a plus as well as the outdoor seating. They also are very efficient, especially with a crazy lunch rush.The main reason for my average review is because of the queso. It basically had no vegetable in it.. it was just white. I'm used to (& addicted) to Q'doba's. They are not even similar. I may head back to try a regular burrito or something different.
