2	Generic, flavorless food. Don't let the open kitchen fool you; this is Panda Express without the cafeteria style line. Disappointed and won't be returning.
1	You may ask what more there is to say about Pick Up Stix than what chris r has already said, and ordinarily you'd be right.  But my experience there compels me to write so much more...So we walked up to the door.  I'm right handed so I pulled on the right door, but it didn't open.  Then I pushed.  No open.  Was there a sign?  No.  But ppl were working inside, so i went to the left door and it worked.Next, I went to order.  Order our house special!! Okay, sure.  Tell me what it looks like.  So the lady points at the pic on the menu, a dish replete with veggies and meat and sauce.  Then she tells me that the house special does not have any veggies in it except green onions.  Ooooooookay...So i order something else, whatever it was.  Three weeks later our food comes...It included an egg roll which didn't taste like the typical egg roll.  Appropriate, because it was served with (*outrage!*) yellow sweet and sour sauce!  Look.  This isn't food network, and you aren't iron chef.  You are pick up stix and your s&s sauce should be that recognizable, iridescent red like all other s&s sauces.  don't trip.The rest of the food was in a soup of goo that made the flavor pretty uniformly overpowering and unsavory.Don't go to pick up stix.  You have been duly warned.(Good for: Breakfast___ Lunch___ Dinner___Brunch___Late Night___Dessert___Nothing_X_)UPDATE: 4 hours later, my mouth still smells like an elephant ate a pound of garlic and then crapped in my mouth.  My wife refuses to be near me.  My two month old cries when I try to hold him.  I'm a pariah.  Thank you, pick up stix.
4	Apparently I went to a different Pick Up Stix than Richard and Chris.*checks receipt*Nope. Same one.Anyway, I didn't have any trouble with the doors, I don't really care too much about the color of sweet and sour sauce so long as it tastes good, and I wasn't expecting anything above and beyond Panda Express. It's Asian fast food. I had moderate expectations.I got better than moderate results.The food was quite good. My girlfriend who is incredibly picky about chicken wings had tried the house special wings just hours before at the Camelback location while out and about and wanted more. This location was closer to home, so I went there and picked up stuff aside from the wings.We got egg rolls, sweet and sour chicken, and wonton soup, all of which were very good. Nothing gourmet about it, mind you, but very good.Teresa, the woman taking orders at the front counter, was friendly and helpful. Not overly so, but I didn't feel like she was completely bored with the world, either. The guys in the kitchen worked fast and got the food to me within a very few minutes (about 5 is what it felt like, but I wasn't counting). I picked it up at the counter and went on my way home for some delicious food that stood up to microwave reheating the next day for lunch.Not a huge variety of food, but what they serve seems to turn out quite well. I've been to the Camelback location a couple of times. This is my first at the Chandler location. I've yet to be disappointed.**Added August 4, 2009: Went back to the same location a couple nights later to try their beef teriyaki bowl and chicken fried rice. Again, both quite good, though there was too much sauce on the teriyaki.
4	I really like Pick Up Stix and it's certainly superior to that steam table garbage they try to pass off as Chinese food at Panda Express. Of course, it helps that the food is made to order.   I  also like the variety of their menu which includes salads, noodle dishes, lunch combinations and regular dinner entrees.  Having brown rice as an option is always a good thing.I had the Thai Spicey Chicken Dragon Meal ($4.99) which is an individual portion (although I ate it in three portions, it was huge), brown rice and a side salad.  Delicious and not extremely spicey.  If you visit their website, you can download coupons and order online.  Service was fast and friendly, and I will definitely be back.
