5	My wife devours vampire / psycho-thriller novels faster than a fat kid consumes cupcakes.  The result: an outrageous amount of paperbacks with hearts / daggers and a reduced amount of valuable shelf room for GQ, Audiophile and SI magazines.Enter Second Look Books.  The proprietor has devised an exchange / credit program which can not only can filter out my wife's Team Edward or Team Jacob collection but also contribute to building a collection that I don't try to hide between classics.  My first transaction did not involve exchanging any books in my collection, however based the exchange terms it seemed pretty straightforward (some percentage of the trade in value + some additional cash = book)One of the things I really dig about the place is the feel.  It's not packed to the brim like some other local bookstores and does not have that overly-trendy low fat no foam extra hot sugar free latte Borders feel.  The place is geared to appease all, hell they even have a train set.If you are in the simply in the area, looking to acquire some beach reading before a vacation, or wanting to retire some of your library stop in - you will be glad you did...I was, not so sure about Edward or Jacob.
5	We stopped in after lunch on Sunday to browse and spend some of my sister's credit from a box of books she turned in last week and I found several choices to take on my upcoming beach trip in the great hometown used book store! There are offerings from children's books to adult nonfiction, history, business, audio books...SO many choices!  The credit program is great and a little comes off on each purchase instead of all at once (like the sign in the shop says the landlord doesn't take books in exchange for rent...lol) The staff is always super friendly and helpful and it really is a great addition to Harrisburg.  Before you head to the big box store and spend too much...check this place out...you won't be sorry!
5	This is a cool small (space well utilized) Second Hand (Second Look) Book Store!  Great staff!  Friendly ladies working here seem to be glad to help!
5	Super great idea to sell your books back to buy new ones.
5	Love this little book store!  The people working here are always nice and shopping here is always a pleasant home-town like experience.
4	When I tell you that I absolutely love this bookstore, it is no exaggeration! I had 8 boxes of books dating back to when my daughter (now a college freshmen) was a child. I didn't know what to do with the books, I was giving them out to kids in the neighborhood - but I think they would rather get candy.The staff at this store is always friendly and I still have credits to buy more books. What a great way to make use of your old books while enjoying the benefit of being able to buy new ones!The store is jammed packed with books of all genres. My son and I come here often, never leaving without a few good reads.
5	Love this place! So glad it's local. I've traded in tons of books here which is probably my favorite thing since I tend to get overrun with books. However, I've also bought just as many books so I guess I'm mostly swapping. Whichever, the service is great! My kids love it just as much as I do so it's 5 stars from the whole fam.
