3	It's a Taco Bell. There isn't really much to expect beyond being open late and serving tacos. This is far from the nicest TB in town. It's older, it's grungier, the drive-thru takes longer, etc. But they serve the same food as all other TBs. So yeah, it's a perfectly fine TB and will certainly satisfy your late night drunken cravings for some cheap tacos.
5	One of the better Taco Bells on the east side. Orders seem to be correct and employees are always courteous and friendly. AND, most importantly, they seem interesting in doing a good job. Helping me live with the guilty pleasure of TB.
2	Doing this review based on their new breakfast item, the "Waffle Taco".Saw the commercial for it so I decided to try it the next morning at the drive thru. It's a waffle shaped like a taco with scrambled eggs and your choice of sausage or bacon. I chose bacon.I should of chose hunger. If you refer to my pic, it actually looks decent but looks can be deceiving. Dont expect the waffle to be crispy like they just actually toasted it or made fresh from scratch. It is obviously microwaved because it is already soggy when you get it. They give you a tiny container of syrup. You know, the kind of container you would dip nuggets in if you were at McDonalds. I guess you are supposed to either dip your "Taco" in it or just pour it on top. Mind you I actually parked in theTB parking lot so I dont make a mess. You definitely dont wanna be driving while eating this thing. So I pour the syrup into my taco. It had the consistency of watered down cough syrup. The taste? Ha, Robitussin tasted way better and I hate that stuff! This syrup tasted like actual tree sap. As for the bacon bits, you know how you can get imitation bacon bits at the supermarket? Well, they imitated an imitation. So what it tastes like is comparable to those knock off perfume and cologne bottles that random people sell in random parking lots. The ones that kind of smell like the real thing but only lasts like 2 minutes. The bacon bits on these things were basically red construction paper dipped in bacon grease and shredded.I only ate half of it and was surprised I even ate that much. I guess I didnt want to face the fact that I lost good hard earned money for it? I kid you not, I coudnt wait til lunch came around so I can dump a lot of hot sauce in whatever I will eat in order to kill any remnants of that garbage I just ate. Makes me wonder if they test these things on animals. Good God, I just realized that we are the animals! This is not the first time I fell for their marketing gimmicks. Lets see, there was the Cantina Bowl, XL Steak Nachos, and the XXXL Steak Flatbread thing. All these were total fails. I guess the only person I can blame is myself because I keep thinking that maybe they will make a mistake somewhere along the line and use actual ingredients. Then they will be scratching their heads why all of a sudden people are lining up by the truckloads.So in closing, I gave two stars because the only thing that I will ever have hope for is the Mexican Pizza. That has never let me down before and even if it does, the percentage of it making me sick is very low. Maybe because my stomach has grown tolerant of it? Gahh, that sounds scary. Notice I never mentioned the service. Fyi, I have yet to find one worthy of mentioning and this location is no different. Memo to TB corporate, stop smoking that weed and try real ingredients. At least put some of that weed in your product so we think its good when we are just actually hallucinating. Plus you get the munchies when you are high which in turn will help sell you more tacos. And no, I dont do weed. Well not voluntarily anyway. Sometimes you smell secondhand weed smoke and you get the munchies as well. I gotta go now for I think the DEA is knocking at my door.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #97 "Puff, puff, pass! Dont mess up the rotation!"
