5	Great people, great music, great workout, great space.  So much fun!
5	This place rocks and is so much fun.  I had never "spinned" before, but wanted to try it out -- not really knowing what to expect or if I would even last through the class.  Being a "newbie" can be a little intimidating.  But the instructors are fantastic; the music is phenomenal.  I honestly found myself pushing harder than I thought I could and it really "got my heart going".  I was hooked.  There were more advanced cyclists there that day -- but I was made to feel very comfortable even at my own pace.  It was truly a joy being there!
5	The ONLY place to Spin! Awesome people and incredible workouts!
5	The guys that own this place are awesome! They have great classes!
5	Early this year California Cycle Path added TRX, Zumba, and Bokwa classes.  I think I should probably just set up a cot in the back.  I am at CCP nearly every single day.  The instructors are all incredibly motivating, friendly, and knowledgable.  I have taken fitness classes and been a member of several other gyms, and none of them come close to comparing to the atmosphere of CCP.  They have established one of the most welcoming, supportive fitness communities imaginable.  From the beginner to the expert, there is most definitely a place for you here.  No one should feel uncomfortable walking through the doors here whether they are trying to lose weight, tone up, or just maintain an active lifestyle. You will always be met with a smile, a towel, and the encouragement you need to reach your goals (from the instructors AND members!).Thank you to John, Larry, and the whole CCP gang for changing my life for the better!
5	OBSESSED with CCP. I'm a runner and was looking for a place to take some cross-training classes without paying an expensive membership fee. First class is free (!!!) and when we told them we lived close they gave us an amazing discount. GREAT classes and instructors that are so welcoming and do a great job of incorporating all skill levels into classes. Love the cycling so far, can't wait to try other types!
5	California Cycle Path is hands down the best fitness studio in Pittsburgh.  Passionate trainers, and great classes.  A great place for beginners too
5	loved it here! the instructors are knowledgable, enthusiastic, and truly care about their clients. the spin class was fun and entertaining and I was drenched in sweat at the end. the studio itself is adorable and unique, unlike the standard modern studios that have no personality. I'll be back for sure!
5	I started going to California Cycle Path with the intention of working out for only a month to cram in as much exercise as I could before I was a bridesmaid. Well, that was about 4 months ago, and I'm still an active member! CCP is a great place for a structured workout in a welcoming atmosphere. Let's talk about the workouts, then the atmosphere. CCP is not a gym, so you won't be able to come here to stroll on a treadmill or juice your lats and blast your delts like at a gym. The core offerings at CCP are spinning/cycling classes, TRX Suspension classes, and Zumba. Other classes such as Deskercise, Personal Conitioning, Yolates, and Bone Building (for those at risk for osteoporosis) are also offered regularly, but not as frequently as the core classes. I've taken cycling, TRX, and Zumba; and they're all great. Cycling is great for an intense calorie burn and cardiovascular conditioning. The music is bumping, and there's a screen behind the instructor showing various cycling paths, or the Red Bull challenges, or psychedelic shapes that move to the music. There's a wide variety of music played, though I think it would be fun to have themed classes. For example, specific artist (eg., Beyonce, Britney, or Michael Jackson) or genre (hip hop, classic rock, EDM) class. The TRX is awesome for building muscle, improving coordination and athleticism. I think it was invented by some Marine guys, so, you know.... Zumba is the fun dancing exercise that's good for burning calories and cardiovascular health, coordination, and a bit of muscle building. I leave each of these classes sweating and happy.  If you're like me, attending a gym/exercise class for the first few times can be nerve racking. I'm not in crazy good shape, I'm all alone, fitness people can be judgmental sometimes, etc... Everyone here is so freaking friendly, though, that after about 10 minutes, I was at ease. Here's the thing, I want to describe CCP as a family, because it feels that way. However, I always get a little antsy when I see a business described as a family. You don't always keep the highest standard for your family (that fancy hand soap is for guests!), and it suggests that there's already a formed group to which you do not belong.  These worries have not materialized at CCP, though. The owners (John and Larry), the other instructors and the other members get to know you quickly, and you feel welcomed and comfortable. There's truly a variety of ages, shapes, races, fitness levels, and genders within the members. Cycling classes always end with cold, lavender-scented towels being handed out; the fridge is always filled with water and juice; there's always complimentary snacks and coffee available; the space is always clean; and I can always join or cancel a class through their website or app.California Cycling Path is a great addition to the North Shore/Brighton Heights area, and if you're looking for a different type of workout, give it a try!
