1	Let me first start off by saying we did not schedule the maid service. We scheduled for the landscaping services. After emailing back and forth with one of the employees about what was included with the $50 a month fee we finally scheduled to have them come out to service our property. We were told that the $50 service included picking weeds, blowing out leaves, trimming of trees/bushes and cleaning up. Well Monday there landscaper came out and we walked him through the front and back showing him what needed to be done. Our backyard wasn't in bad condition at all mind you. Just had a handful of weeds, couple of bushes needed trimming an mainly just needed to blow out some leaves. Well he was here 45 mins, we noticed him start trimming some bushes so we thought perfect he's doing a good job. After he left we walked around and noticed he didn't trim bushes. Started one set of bushes then left some parts untrimmed and sticking out. Blew out half of the leaves. Didn't pick any of the weeds. He told me husband he was going to return with weed killer spray the next month. Left garage in bushes. I was very upset bc we not only gave him $50 but $10 for a tip. So $60 total and I felt like he didn't do anything. So we wrote an email to them just stating we weren't satisfied with the service. The lady replies back saying that we need to sign up for bi weekly service till our yard was perfect. We emailed back saying our home wasn't in horrible condition to begin with and that he just didn't finish. I then took photos and attached them showing her how our yards were left. I then just picked our weeds and cleaned up myself. Which defeats the whole purpose of why we hired someone. She finally emails back two days later saying oh we now see what your talking about. We will send him back out. We emailed back just saying we weren't interested in continuing service with their company. Terrible customer service and a waste of $60. Never again.
1	I would give them zero stars if I could - do NOT use Mountain's Edge Maids! They didn't dust, clean the blinds, vacuum the floors well, did a hurried job, and the landscaper that was supposed to come never showed up. When I called, the operators were rude and extremely argumentative and didn't care that I had layers of dust in my hand from the picture frames. She said they pick and choose to clean different areas of the house every time- what??? This is how the conversation went - excuse after excuse and zero accountability.
5	So my husband and I have never had maids in our life. We both agreed life was too short to spend cleaning, but we loooove a clean home, so I started researching for an affordable solution. We finally came across this company after talking to other community members. We looked on yelp and weren't sure what to do after reading these reviews. But how can you argue with their prices???? 60 dollars for 2 maids for 2 hours for 1900 square feet... Hell yes.After they got here they dusted our blinds, cleaned our gross dog room, cleaned our kitchen ( inside microwave and did the dishes), dusted our ceiling fans, cleaned our tvs, dusted everything, cleaned our glass door, vacuumed, mopped, and cleaned our bathrooms. I was impressed with their work ethic and time management.
2	The actual maids that came to my house were very punctual efficient and hard working. However, the other aspects of the service were very terrible. The main office that you call is hard to deal with and don't answer the phone. The main reason we called the service is to get the landscaping maintenance too. The guy came when I was not home, trimmed three out of the seven bushes in my yard and left without blowing out his mess. We called the office after finally getting in touch they said they would send him back and he did come back and blew bush pieces everywhere and still didn't trim the other bushes and asked us if we wanted to pay for another service.  We will never use this service again!!!
