3	An outstanding group of People, led by an excellent pastor and great assistant, inspired by the awesome music of Paul Hillebrand.  If you need a Catholic Community, this is one of only a handful of good ones in the Valley.
5	wonderful space , beautiful stained glass-young charismatic congregation ,fantastic music ministry-our parish in the desert to be sure
5	St. Pat's is a wonderful, non traditional Catholic Church in north Scottsdale (near Shea Blvd), which I found both spiritual and fun.  Father Eric is a great preacher, who clearly lives his faith. From their website:"We are a Roman Catholic community that challenges itself to be a family of hospitality and life giving worship, and then taking the Gospel of Jesus Christ into the world."What kind of parish is St. Patrick? Having attended two of the best seminaries in the country (humbly speaking) Immaculate Heart of Mary in SantaFe, New Mexico and Mount Angel, a Benedictine seminary in Oregon, I learned the importance of having a spirit of hospitality, making people feel welcome, giving them dignity and respect. Furthermore I learned to approach life pastorally, taking them where they are while lovingly calling them to new more abundant life in the Lord. I also learned that good liturgy is important to the life of the parish. I hope that parishioners and visitors find these principles alive at St. Patrick."WOW!
4	Love this parish, its members, the priests I've had the pleasure to listen to, and its beautiful atmosphere w/in the church and its surroundings outdoors.  Parking isn't a problem, if you come early enough, and even if you are cutting it close to mass start times, the walk to the parish's doors isn't very far.If you plan on grabbing a bite to eat before or after mass, be sure to check St. Patrick's website before heading to church, as it will inform you whether the upcoming/current Sunday morning masses will be followed  by donuts or a pancake breakfast, sponsored by the Knights of Columbus, and coffee, sponsored by the coffee ministry.  Speaking of coffee, I always see tables of (Fair Trade?) Justa coffee for sale on one side of the lobby.  I need to leave the house a little earlier so that I will have time to ask someone about the coffee sold here.  I'm assuming the profits support one or more of the church's many ministries... I hope to have some answers for you soon!
5	I am very pleased to say that St. Pat's a lively, wonderful place of worship that we have frequented throughout the past ten years. We love Father Eric's leadership, passion, and vision for this community. He is always challenging the membership to exceed expectations in terms of hospitality and stewardship.The variety of ministries available for parishioner participation are astounding; in particular, the quality of children's programs, especially the wonderful Vacation Bible School outreach, is SUPERB. The religious education teachers and administrators are incredibly kind, educated, and dedicated to their cause.What speaks the most profoundly to me about this parish is that we are ALWAYS welcomed by the people of St. Patrick Catholic Community, not matter if we have been "naughty" Catholics, not attending Mass as much as we should...indeed, this place is spiritually vibrant and we are always blessed when we do attend.
3	This is a non-traditional Catholic Church that our family will go to from time to time if we are unable to attend our regular parish.  It's very different than what we're accustomed to...so we don't come here very often.  It takes some getting use to and requires an open mind to adjust to the differences.  We always feel welcome here and that's what counts.Return Factor - 50%
5	Had to double check that I was in a Catholic Church!  So much vibrancy and clapping to the music! An example many Parrish's could learn from.
4	Very warm and friendly Catholic church.  I attended Thanksgiving mass that delivered a family centered message and then attended their creative Christmas program to hear my friend sing in their choir.  Cute, entertaining and professional.  I look forward to my next visit.
5	Beautiful Easter mass. The minister was very personable and I will return. Church is very clean and parking was a breeze. I will return.
3	I've been here a few times while visiting family in AZ.  The services are very modern as compared to other Catholic services I have been to.  It appears that the Church itself is pretty up-to-date with technology.
5	What a spiritual, uplifting Catholic Community!From the opening notes of the hymn, "All are welcome in this place", I knew how special Saint Patrick's was to me."Let us build a housewhere love can dwellAnd all can safely live,A place wheresaints and children tellHow hearts learn to forgive."There are so many things I want to share about coming here for 5 pm Mass. First is coming into their sacred space and hearing a first class Choir and musicians practicing . Their group also includes a pianist, a person on Keyboard and a very young College age drummer.  They were great, and not just for the practice, but throughout the service. They all worked well together and didn't overwhelm the senses. The music of Paul Hillebrand and the heavenly voice of their Cantor Jill Bagshaw are incredible and needs to be experienced to be appreciated.  "Let us build a house where prophets speak,And words are strong and true,Where all God's children dare to seekTo dream God's reign anew."Second is the friendly parishioners who sat around me, including some long time friends. Even though Father Eric was away on vacation, the folk at Saint Patrick's didn't seem to miss a beat. Their ministry to the poor of spirit here in the valley is well known, particularly their efforts at Justa Center.  But it's also the nearly four dozen other ministries, where they offering themselves as the hands and body of Christ, which makes you realize how special this community is."Let us build a house where love is foundIn water, wine and wheat:A banquet hall on holy ground,Where peace and justice meet."I've come to Mass here many times and the Liturgy is wonderful. I have never felt this way in any other Catholic Church.  It is so moving, to stand up and have the entire church hold hands for The Lord's Prayer, and I do mean everyone. It's special and I only wish I could convey how moving it is to feel the spirit in this church when it happens. It's just amazing to have over five hundred members standing, holding hands and reciting not a prayer by rote, but with feeling and love that makes it so special. "Here the love of God, through Jesus,Is revealed in time and space;As we share in Christ the feast that frees us:All are welcome, all are welcome,All are welcome in this place."
3	Not a church goer at all, only reason I was here was for a friend's funeral mass.  Great church community, just not for me.
