1	I don't even want to rate this place a 1. Pure and simple.. While renting under my perfect credit with the quite possibly the craziest girl  in the world.. I went to the manager begging, pleading for an apartment away from crazyville and the crazy, mean, drink like a fish from 7a-7p, roomie.. Because the asst. Manager was friends with her.. I was told my credit qualified me for the current apt.& hers didn't.. Ok.. Wth is that about? Don't care.. Be nice Kimberly.. The manager is less than kind to me, shes unprofessional, yet I decide I hate moving and I will stay; Knowing that those two hung out off property, I knew if I ever had an issue, Id be on my own. I went to corporate before agreeing. ALL I asked was please dont move her next door. Voila not only did she move right next door, but they gave her a car space next to mine in a huge underground garage, AND refused to change my locks.  Coming with police report for a stolen diamond platinum ring valued at over $3500, a dead rat placed inside my door, my lingerie shredded.. Keyed German auto.. Bad food tossed in my apt after they moved crazytown next door, Her with an extra key, Im sure of. I was scared to stay alone and often didnt. . I begged , cried and got nowhere ...I was told with a smirk that I could break my lease. Wow..how convenient when shes now off the lease.  Most , awful experience ever... Just don't.. Furthermore .. Area is quite dicey.. If you run like me, this area is a no go. More than that.. shady management will be the death of this place.
5	This was the last place I lived in Phoenix. And by last I mean both "most recent" and also "final." I finally made it out and will never live in that sweaty armpit, dead-end town again. However, if you're one of the sun junkies who only needs to see that big ball glowing in the sky to be happy in life, and therefore like calling Phoenix home, I would recommend these apartments. There are two main buildings: townhouses on the west end and apartments on the east. The apartments have underground parking, which helps to not step into nauseating heat in your car, and the townhouses have garages. The complex has a lot of amenities, including courtyards, grills, a pool and jacuzzi, elevators, a gym, a pet run, a community room and a meeting room. I thought the people in the front office were a pleasure to deal with when I needed to discuss something. A huge plus was the noise: my downstairs neighbor had a party one night, which I could only hear because I went out onto my balcony, and my next door neighbor had his TV up loud, which I could only hear in the hall. I was amazed at how well the walls block out sound. It's in a convenient location to Downtown- Phoenix, -Tempe and -Scottsdale, and it's also near Sky Harbor and Loop 202. There's a light rail station that doesn't seem too far away until you actually walk it. Arizona loves that Soviet-style city planning, so if you wish to walk to the station you'll need to trek across great parking lots (i.e. open paved spaces) and a wide road and it will take about 20 minutes. Some downsides: unassigned parking is a bitch and fills up extremely fast, apartments on the southwest corner get way too much sun and will make your electric bill in the hot season (as opposed to Phoenix' only other, and much shorter season: warm) pretty high even if you try to conserve power.
4	I've lived here for a litle over five years. I don't really have any complaints. I do hate the fact that the elevator seems to be out of order a lot lately (I'm lazy what can I say). I love the girls in the office, they always work with me when I have problems. I'd love to stay another year if my husband agrees to.
2	Ok, will be moving when the lease is up in a couple of months. I was really sad when the complex was sold and taken over by Westwood Management. Those ladies are some of the most rude, snooty patooty, cold people I have ever met. I will give them credit for fixing some things around the complex, but that's about it. They recently put notes in our doors telling us that they wouldn't be accepting packages for us anymore (even though they have a huge space to keep them in) and that we need to have our things shipped to our job or the post office.  :-/   Really? You want me to have my daughters diapers shipped to my job? OKThey've jacked the prices up on ALL UNITS. I know that my place is now going for $200 more on a new lease. Who the heck would pay that amount of money for an aparment? Not me. I enjoyed my seven years with Alanza...until now.   Good riddance!
2	I'm still giving it two stars only because they didn't charge me an arm and a leg when we moved out. The girls in this office are completely lost. I swear every time I walk in the office there is a new girl working there. NOBODY knows what's going on, they always have to call you back and the list goes on. We moved out a month ago and I recently got a call saying that the work order I put in was completed *blank stare*. I'm so glad to be out of this place. IF YOU CAN AFFORD TO LIVE HERE, YOU CAN AFFORD TO RENT A HOUSE!!!!!!!! Please use caution before signing your lease.
1	Since the current ownership has been here my apt has been entered illegally on multiple occasions. Their maint staff appears to be quite incompetent as they operate outside of the context of the law and have violated my rights as a tenant in order to "fix" things that they could not manage to fix in what has now been more than 60 days and counting.Yeah, Alanza is a cool place to live because of its prime location, but when my privacy  and rights are being violated I can't rate higher than one star.  I will state that rashonda had been particularly outgoing in her efforts to take control of the chaos that has been my recent experiences here. But I am infuriated with being a prisoner to illegal entry of my apt and I will not let these occurrences go unpunished with out a satisfactory resolution or legal action
4	Alanza was my temp residence while my house was being rebuilt.   They worked with me on my unique circumstances and even had no problem dealing with home insurance.   The ladies in the office were always kind, knowledgeable, and happy to help. My unit was spacious and clean.   When the a/c went on the fritz, someone helped, even after hours, until the problem was resolved.   The gym and business center are great amenities.   The property is in a prime location and is always neat.  It's also pet friendly.  Alanza is already great,  but they still keep working on ways to improve.
5	I have lived here for a full year and just renewed my lease today. As a law student who is pretty broke, I think it says something that even with the increase in rent for a renewal, that I chose to mmake the cuts in other areas. The underground parking is amazing and the facilities are always well maintained.
4	I just moved in here so will definitely come back later on into my lease for a more in-depth review but so far I am definitely happy with my new home. I live in a one bedroom unit it is extremely spacious and clean. The lush thick carpets are a nice upgrade and the crown molding in the living area just adds a little something that other apartments don't offer. Underground parking is a huge perk! I also love that it is gated and locked in addition to their nightly security on patrol whom I have met and they seem to be quite nice. I have yet to use the pool or amenities but have walked by and they are gorgeous! You can't beat the location either!
1	dirty,filthy and disgusting place to stay....ripped off and NO to this apartment
1	If I could rate this place a ONE star I would.  Buyer beware....we looked at a BEAUTIFUL model approximately seven months before we moved in.   When we signed our lease  the unit we received was NOTHING like the model.  NO upgrades,  NO crown modeling, NO BIG beautiful baseboards!  My son (college athlete) was attending college in AZ so I ultimately took the apartment.  Approximately two months later,  my son needed to transfer universities (his basketball coach was terminated at his school in AZ) back to Southern CA.  I contacted the management office to  explain this and was told "we are holding you to the lease...we will only let you break it if you pay the balance of the lease - or two  months rent PLUS over 2000,00 in discounted rent you received when you moved in) in full."  We remained in the apartment lease and paid for the balance of the lease.  As I gave my 60 day notice (they require this) we were told by the current manager Michelle I believe (original one we leased under no longer there)  "I am sorry you had to go thru this...if you had contacted me,  I would have worked something out with you,  I will return your 100.00 deposit to you."  One month BEFORE we moved out,  I received a call (2x) requesting to enter our unit stating "the investor is in town and wants to see a UNIT THAT HAS NOT BEEN REMODELED!"  I stated this was ok to enter our unit.  After we moved,  I RECEIVED A BILL FOR 935.00 FOR NEW CARPET from the same manager that promised my 100.00 deposit back!    The carpet was in PERFECT condition (have pictures) when we vacated our unit.  I waited until the bill went to collections (on purpose)...contacted an attorney (we live out of state) and realized it was better to pay the 935.00 rather than take them to small claims court, incur costs to fly back, hotel for one night, take my son out of school, etc.    I ultimately agreed to pay the bill at 150.00 per month!  Thus, making SURE Alanza received only 60% of the 900.35 (after collection company took 40 %) and that they only received 150.00 per MONTH!   I will MAKE sure I leave  a NEGATIVE review on EVERY rating site!  NOT a good place to rent from.   In addition,  one of there female leasing agents  "stalked" my son through texts,  invitations, etc.  on numerous occasions repeatedly wanting to "hang out"  despite her knowing he had a girlfriend.....(we have texts she sent to him).....unprofessional at best.  DO NOT RENT from Alanza!
1	I don't even know where to begin!  The staff is so, so rude!!!  My whole experience with this place has been an absolute NIGHTMARE, mostly because of the staff!The staff is one of the most important things to consider when you're looking at a place, and don't ever overlook it!! You'll regret it.  The staff at Alanza Place is pretty nice and helpful when you're looking to rent, but seriously as soon as you become a resident they just treat you like crap from then on.No matter how nice you are to them, they will still harass you!  And trust me, I above and beyond to be kind to employees and compliment them so I'm never on bad terms with them.  None of that matters at Alanza place, because they'll crap on whoever signs a lease.  On one instance,  I went in to the office to discuss payments (I was in the process of moving out) and Jessica snapped at me in a VERY rude way about how I owed money (money that wasn't even due yet) or she would send collections after me and other threats.  All this before I could even open my mouth.  Even the property manager is unhelpful and snarky, so you're pretty much on your own.They are so unwilling to even treat their residents as human beings!  if you know people who live here, ask them.  All the people I know who've lived here have similar experiences.  I'm not even kidding.  I've asked 4-6 other tenants, and they hate this place.Did I mention that they've called me on multiple occasions threatening to evict me and saying that I didn't pay rent, when I already did in fact pay it?  Had to go through the process of dealing with their rudeness to prove I paid.  Didn't even get an apology.  They're always charging you the wrong rent, too.  Now, to the apartment itself.  The actual apartment isn't so bad.  It's kinda pretty.  However, when we first moved in our washer was flooded and it took so long to get it fixed. More than month.  I asked about it at least three times.The place wasn't all that clean either upon move in day.  The area is really bad.  My car and my roommates car were broken into. There's dog poop all over the grounds.  You can hear EVERYTHING your neighbors are doing and they can hear everything you do as well, which means you can't really listen to music unless you've got headphones.OH and they WILL give you random charges for no reason upon moving out and you WILL have to go to the office and straighten it out or they'll take hundreds of dollars from you.  They'll just say stuff like "oh it was a system error blah blah mistake". They're so unorganized.  Their gates always seem to be broken, which is probably why people come around to break into your stuff.  Overall, I hated this place and couldn't wait to leave.  I only had a 6 month lease.  I moved somewhere cheaper and WAY nicer and less than a mile away.  So if you're looking around this area because of the airport, there are other, better places.  Trust me on that.
