1	Never trust someone who writes the contract themselves.  It assume that what you've verbally agreed upon is what will actually show up in the contract.The bottom line - they are interested in keeping as much money as possible from you.Beware!
4	Hiltz has managed the condo we live in for at least a decade now and we always hear how unhappy others in CLT are with their property management company but overall we are very happy with Hiltz.  Most problems cannot be addressed overnight but a reasonable time response is what should be expected and Hiltz typically comes through with a good response.
1	Living in Southern Chase neighborhood, the HOA was taken over by Hiltz Management.  Back in 2009, I contacted them trying to understand what they were providing for our neighborhood and what were my fees going towards.  No one would call me back after numerous phone messages and emails.  Three years ago by and I overtime ignored the generic letter of my $35 fees due.Then two weeks ago I get a letter telling me it's going to collections if I do not pay the past due fees and late fees.  So of course, I call again.  Two days later someone gets back to me and can answer half of the questions I have about the association and tells me Mr. Hiltz will be calling me back.  Today I get the call and am told that my fees are going towards bills being paid.  I ask "What bills" and Mr. Hiltz informs me his bills, the company bills.  Taxes towards the state for his company and office supplies.  He says the fees are not currently going toward the neighborhood.So thankfully to be a part of Prepaid Legal so I have my backup!!
1	**Please read ALL reviews posted, even the ones Yelp does not recommend, for they are very much in line with the truth about this company. If there were a way to give 0 stars, I would I am a current tenant of one of the properties owned by Hiltz Management. I was going to wait until I moved to post a comment but in fairness to anyone on the market for a rental, I cannot do so. I fully expect them to keep my deposit or some other ridiculous form of retribution for posting a negative comment, but I cannot keep to myself any longer that this is the WORST EXPERIENCE RENTING AN APARTMENT I HAVE EVER HAD. I would have been better applying to live in one of Oscar The Grouch's trash cans. I am going to wait until I move out to post a review detailing all of the unethical business practices and personal horror stories regarding EVERY interaction I have had with this man and his staff, but please be warned, you're better off at one of the local homeless shelters than you are with this company. Watching him bully a poor old woman today was the last straw.
5	I have utilized Hiltz for the last three years and have had a great experience.  Timely payments, prompt service, transparency on costs and being that I am out of state, I wouldn't change a thing.  Highly recommend.
1	Pete does not know how to run a proper management company. I was unhappy with the service and needed some explanation. Pete isn't responsive and his tone of voice tells you he is annoyed with you. There are way better property management companies out there.  Ones that actually care about the customer.
