3	Fun place to have a meal on the porch.  Stopped by for lunch and the weather was perfect for eating on the porch.  Fun to watch the people pass by.  Kids on scooters, ladies rushing to parking meters from the hair palour next door to put money in the meter with the smocks still on and hair in all kinds of conditions...lol.   Nice little menu of Soups, sandwiches, salads, wraps.Ordered the Salmon (encrusted with dijon mustard0 salad special of the day.  Was informed it was the last one and I did not go late.  Salad had fresh lettuce, tomato, onion, carrot and came with 2 slices of a nicely toasted bread.  The salmon was over powered by the mustard due to the large amount put on top, so I took some off.  Unfortunately, the salmon was under cooked.  Had a similar salmon salad at a restauant a few doors down recently that was better and less expensive, and that restaurant is much fancier.Note:  OPEN Monday thru Friday 11 to 9.Note 2:  Was advised to make sure the meter was feed, so as not to get a parking ticket.
5	great food...
2	I really wanted to like this place.  This is a great location with lots of outdoor seating and seems like it would be great for the summer months. And I am hopeful that they will improve this spring. I stopped in for lunch today because I wanted to check the place out and I was looking for someplace I could pick up wifi.  The space is quaint and cozy - with a nice fireplace in the middle.  They layout was a little strange - lots of tables in a small space.  Even though there was a fireplace - the place was cold - I wanted to keep my coat on.The food was just ok.  I had a veggie wrap.  I am hopeful this place will pick up in the spring and be great for the summer months.
4	Great turkey sandwiches.  Great outdoor dining.  Too crowded inside.
5	The place has a great atmosphere inside and out!   I never had a bad item off the menu.... Great service!   Highly recommend this place
4	Great little BYOB place! Very attractive, homey, place at the end of the strip. Moderately priced. Son had the strip steak which was on the thin side in my book but done just right. I had the Mahi Mahi which was seasoned just right on a bed of crispy spinach. By crispy I mean flash fried. A little oily on the bottom but full of flavor! The mashed red skins were to die for.Not many tables inside or on the front porch but we happened there before the rush.Great service.
4	A great place to go if you want to eat outside. Good service, they have really good salads on there menu. I love the sweet potatoe fries!  There servi
5	12 of us wanted a ladies evening and they accommodated is graciously.  Louie, the server and Sherri the owner were professional, courteous and FUN! The restaurant and "front porch" area are immaculate, the decor is tasteful and very comfortable!Now for the food, 8 of us got lobster tail, YUM! Their seasoned dipping butter was succulent.  The appetizers were also great!BEST thing - BYOB
5	Filet is amazing.  Coconut shrimp is great too.  We love this place!  Outdoor seating is great depending in the weather.  Service with a smile.
4	Good food fast service like the atmosphere We sat outside and the waitstaff was quite helpful
1	I've never reviewed a place, but the service was awful. We were never told the appetizers, or properly greeted. When our server came to our table she said "what do you want for dinner?". No table clearing, no water refills, we had to flag our server down for everything. We were excited to try this local restaurant, unfortunatly we will never return.
1	We were seated promptly.  The waiter didn't come to the table and continued to just walk around us. After a while, I flagged him down and said we were ready to order.  He said "no, other people just came in".  I have never had a waiter tell me that I can't order so that he can take care of someone else who just walked in.  By this point I was getting upset so I said that maybe we should go, and he said "good".  I have no idea why he wouldn't serve us.  I sincerely hope it wasn't racism since we were the only non-white table in the entire restaurant.  My husband asked to speak to the manager.  She said she was too busy to speak to us.  I have never been treated like that before.  I've had lots of slow service, but never been ignored and then my order refused.  I've also never had the manager refuse to take the complaint, although in all honesty I have only asked for a manager twice in my life.  Basically the service was terrible, but almost in a personal way, and I'm never going back.
