4	Dry cleaners are like hair stylists - you are entrusting them with something very personal and important.  I usually test-drive a cleaner for several months before I will entrust one with an important item.  So far, this cleaner has been great.  I have been using it for the past 9 months with no incident .  The prices are surprisingly good for this part of town.  I am holding back one star because of its hours.  Very inconvenient if you have to work for a living.  They don't open until 7 am and close at 6:30!  They are open Saturday, but only until 3 pm.  And closed on Sunday.  Luckily, I live nearby, so can stop on my way to work.  Anyway.  These guys are good.
4	I stopped by Pride Cleaners on Saturday and dropped off two suits and two shirts. Ended up costing about $40 which is a little more than I am used to spending, but they did a really great job and my clothes were ready to go on time.Open until 6pm on weekdays works for me.
1	I wish I could give zero stars! I should have known better to come back after I was misquoted the price for fluff and fold my first visit here, but I was in a pinch.  I dropped off a large amount of clothing, some wash and some dry cleaning.  I told them when I needed it by, and they said no problem.  They called me later to let me know a lot of the pieces were dry cleaning and they might need longer - I told them I left it with them because I needed it at a certain time and if they couldn't do the job by then I would come by and pick it up.  They said they would have it ready.$317 later, I have my laundry.  85% of what I dropped off was laundry, but they were so lazy that they dry cleaned 85% of it instead.  I have about 20 cotton, machine wash tank tops that they dry cleaned to the tune of almost $6 a piece!  Are you kidding?  LAZY and UNPROFESSIONAL.  When I got home and realized what had happened, I called to inquire.  The guy on the phone was so rude and accused me of being 'nasty,' said he did me a favor (?) and then hung up on me.I would absolutely never come back here.  I really can't believe the nerve they had to dry clean so many cotton, machine wash pieces, and then tell me they did me a favor while sticking their hand in my wallet.  LAZY LAZY LAZY.
