4	These ladies cut / color  men , women and children very cheap they are very friendly and fun to be around
5	Ebony has been doing my daughter's hair for about 4 months now and she her hair has amazingly transformed!  Every other week she gets her hair washed, dried under the dryer and flat ironed and the best part is it only costs me about $25 (and I don't have to fool with it).  Her hair lasts the entire 2 weeks and it's smooth, full of body and I can maintain it so much better now!  The stylists are friendly, funny and you'll know that your in good hands once you walk in.  By far best prices in town and with the quality of work they provide,  they should be charging WAY more :)Thank you Ebony!Lil Momma's Mommy
5	Tried them out and now I'm a regular here at sin city family hair stylist Loretta cuts my hair and my kids hair very nice salon cuts are just $8.00 you can't beat it come check them out
4	After moving here from California. It was a bit of a challenge trying to find a barber who knew how to cut hair. I would check out places that would charge $20, expecting a good cut, and walk out with a horrible experience. I was growing frustrated that all these folks in Vegas sucked at doing a simple fade! And the fact that I was paying double from what I'm used to paying back in LA. Luckily, one day I was driving up Tropicana and noticed this hair salon with the $8 sign outside. I decided to give it a try. Since, I was already rocking my hat the whole time I've been in Vegas. So I had nothing to lose but $8. First Lady to cut my hair did an awesome job! I was impressed. Even better than my barber of 15 years back home. Second time around, the lady who first cut my hair wasn't there, so, I went with the one who was available. There are 3 ladies who cut hair, by the way. She did an excellent job, too!3 rd person to cut my hair and did a great job, too!I was excited because I found 3 people who could cut my hair, all in one place, and all for under $10. Woooohooo!It's exciting because my hair is super straight, and grows in all directions. It's tough cutting my hair. Trust me! But these people all pass the test. So fellas, they can fade! Let me not forget their friendly service!
