3	Fairly average as far as little mom & pop Chinese joints go. The best one in the area though (There's only 2)Really haven't had a chance to explore more than just a few staple dishes yet though. What I have tried was fairly good though.The place was clean and the service was fast helping give them a rock solid 3 stars.
5	We love this restaurant!  The service and food are great.  Small, clean restaurant with very good hot and sour soup. We asked for something not on the menu and the cook made it right up for us.  We frequent this place regularly.
5	This place is awesome!! We order probably weekly from them because it's so yummy and convient. They deliver for free, the food is always hot, fast, and super good! All the employees are also very nice. We love it and if you like chinese food you will too!!
4	I love there home made hot mustard and there won ton soup is the best i ever had. My only complaint is I wish they would make it spicy when I ask for it. Come on try to hurt me.
5	Everything we've ever order is hot and delish! We get it delivered and we reuse their plastic to go containers over and over again:) they are always very friendly and never have messed up our order! We order from them once every week or two. Portions are large, price is good, service is good, food is fantastic!!
4	Pretty good for Chinese food right down the street. The best part is the fact that they deliver and give coupons for next time.The spicy dishes are the best!
4	Finally, a Chinese spot that delivers! The food was good, too!!! I'll be ordering again!
3	Have been there several times- and would consider it a nice little restaurant. Staff has always been very friendly and attentive. Food is good, not great but good and it seems like the portions for dine-in are a little better than takeout. They have some nice lunch specials that include soup, cheese won ton and a spring roll.Very casual restaurant, small not many tables, they do have carryout and delivery.We will continue to eat there from time to time, would like to see one or two dishes that are unique to the restaurant and not the same food every Chinese restaurant has.
4	This was my first experience with Bobo China. I was looking specifically for a Chinese delivery. So I can't comment on the restaurant itself but the gentleman that answered the phone was very polite, courteous even friendly. He said it would be about 30-45 minutes to receive my order (which in STV is pretty normal for most delivery food) and it showed up right on time, hot and FRESH. The Delivery guy was a sweetie too. I ordered: pot stickers, beef & broccoli, pork chow mein, sweet & sour chicken and shrimp in Garlic sauce. The food was hot, very fresh and "authentic" to what I was used to ordering. While the food was good Chinese, it wasn't unique or especially different from the other Chinese place I frequent STV but it was good and they delivered which was my biggest pro in ordering with them last night. I will definitely order with them again. I love Chinese food and they are a good one.
5	Last minute dinner decision brought my family and I to bobo china and I'm happy we did!! It was 6 of us and we were skeptical because to be honest...every Chinese restaurant we've tried we really haven't been impressed! We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and crab angels for appetizers and both were delicious! My chicken and broccoli extra extra spicy was good and a good size! Between us we had 4 meals 2 apps and a large egg flower soup and our check was under $50 so the price is right! The daughter and mother were super friendly and welcoming even though it was 15 minutes to 9 pm (when they closed) they made our experience there that much better;0) the funny thing is we didn't even know this restaurant was there we originally planned on eating at the Greek place next door, but ultimately decided on bobo's because it had 4 out of 5 stars and we were all happy we did;0) we will be returning and if your ever in the area I'd suggest giving it a try!
3	I have this place a 3 star because its way better than Chen's! The ambiance is horrible when dining in. They need to update the seating area. Sometimes they don't take the tails off of the shrimp in the Lo Mein as well. They have good grab puffs and pot stickers. But, they're way better than Wok n' Roll. Friend used to work there and let's just say there cleanliness is poor. That's saying it nicely. So for take out that's close come here!
1	It's really expensive for as bad as it is. The egg drop soup is straight bland. My general Tso's was terrible it tasted like they fried it in BBQ sauce and my wifes sesame chicken was covered in honey sauce. Gross
4	Best kungpow chicken I ever had. But took off a star cuss should needed a lot of salt
5	Extremely satisfied with their service. They're friendly, consistent and the food is great.
4	This was my first experience with Bobo China.  I placed an order for lunch and my meal with delivered within 30 minutes.  It was hot and the food was great. The delivery guy was very polite and the woman who answered the phone was polite, great customer service.  And they deliver!!!!  I will be ordering again
5	Had them deliver last night and the girl who took my order was just so pleasant.  They came actually within a half an hour, I was amazed.  The food was hot and fresh. I recommend if you are in the mood for Chinese order from here.
5	Never disappointed, I go here a lot and try new stuff every visit. Nice people, great food.
5	Love the food! It is the best Chinese food in the San Tan Valley area by FAR!!!!! You must try the orange chicken! Big serving sizes. My family of 7 orders just 4 main courses. Thank you guys so much!
5	Finally somewhere in STV that I can revisit. Delicious food. Massive portions. Good value. Free delivery. Friendly staff.There isn't much to complain about. In fact, I can't think of a thing.I'll be back to Bobo. Yep, sure will.
1	Where do I start, this place has the worse Chinese food I have ever had. The egg drop was tasteless and was like water, the Mongolian beef had a sour taste and when I called and asked if they had REAL EGG ROLLS they said yes and once again it's a SPRING ROLL do people NOT know what an egg roll is. $30 down the drain.
5	We love BoBo China! Great food and it's always fresh and warm when it's delivered! The staff is so friendly also! The sesame seed chicken is soooooo yummy!
4	Great, fresh Chinese food.  30-40 minutes for delivery and the food was piping hot.  Not the best I've had but certainly not the worst.
2	Very disappointing! This little strip mall place was recommended and we were really looking forward to an excellent lunch experience. If you decide to visit this place, be sure to order a soda. San Tan Valleys water is very chemical tasting. We ordered Shrimp & Lobster sauce and Chicken with vegetables.  Neither had any taste and for the first time ever I saw my wife dumping soy sauce on her meal. Her sauce was watery, the soy was watery and fried rice should have a hint of something other than rice and a touch of soy. The egg roll was the only thing that was worth mentioning. My wife said the sweet sauce for the egg roll had a strong vinegar after taste. Hope we just caught them on a bad day, but I'm not willing to venture out in the east valley sticks to try it again.
5	I am pretty skeptical when ordering Chinese food...especially delivery. .but this place blew me out of the water! They were here on a timely manner..you can tell they JUST made the food..and it tastes amazing! ! I am so impressed! ! This was my first time trying their food and I am in awe. Thank you for the amazing food. You won a customer today!  =D
