3	Ahh... the life of a parent... instead of pool parties on the strip with screaming, inebriated co-eds, my weekends consist of birthday parties for screaming, sugar-high filled toddlers. This past weekend's stop: Gymboree for a bday party for two of my son's friends. They had some decent stuff for my kid to play with: some slides, bouncy things, ladders, monkey bars, etc. The two girls working there were friendly and very involved with the kids -- making sure they were all having fun. They had different games and activities so the party wasn't just an unorganized mess. All the kids had a great time and were sad to leave. My personal highlight of the party was the dessert that the host parents brought in -- cupcakes from Retro Bakery!
5	I am a new joiner and I have to say that my baby, husband, and I LOVE going there. We drive a 1/2 hour to get there, but it is totally worth it. Our little baby boy, really seems to like it a lot because he smiles and seems to always be looking at our awesome teacher, Miss Nicole. Miss Nicole is very attentive, knows all kids by name, gets to know the kids as well as the parents and notices every child's movements and narrates what she thinks they are feeling or thinking. She is so much fun. We've noticed our son get stronger and stronger every time. The lesson plans she has to develop all muscle groups are superior and she also helps support parents- with her conversation starters. The flow of her lessons are seamless, no time is wasted- she has the lessons down to a fine art. We love her attentiveness to her babies. Also, her attentiveness to juggle parents so well is an added bonus! :) Thank you Miss Nicole for all you do for our family. We all look forward to being in class with you each and every time.
5	I love this place!!  I am constantly reading online on how I can stimulate my 8 month old son and this is the place that can help with that!!  They focus on a lot of helping with milestone developments and motor skills.  The teachers are amazing!  They memorize each individual babies names and is always attentive to them.  I pay $65/mo, I take him there 3 x/wk and there's open gym to cruise around so it's definitely worth taking him there.  He gets to interact with other kids which he can't do anywhere else.
5	I've been taking my daughter to the play classes as well as the music classes for a year now.  She loves the activities and I love seeing her progress both mentally and physically.  Ms Nicole, our music teacher is the absolute best!
4	My daughter loves to go to Gymboree. She attends both classes and open play time. She is an only child without much interaction with kids her age (15 months) so we found Gymboree a great place for her to interact with other little ones her age. The teachers also really seem to enjoy their jobs and being with the kids. My daughter usually wants to sit with her teacher instead of me these days. It is a little expensive, but we find it is worth it to have a well balanced child.
4	I just moved to Vegas with my 6 month old in June 2012 and am a stay at home mom. I never had anything like this back home in FL and found it to be a really great experience for my daughter who is very active and gets bored easily. We go twice a week to Music on Mondays with Ms Nicole who we love and Saturdays play and learn. Most of the staff is great, some are a bit literal when it comes to keeping the babies on their activity schedule. I do wish they would change up the classes a little bit more to keep the kids more interested. I also wish during their holiday parties they would offer 2 separate times for the 12-months and older group, instead of grouping them all together in the 0-16 months. When my daughter was learning to  walk I moved her up to the next level class and she was walking in 2 weeks!! My daughter has never gotten sick here. They keep the facility VERY clean. I do NOT think this place is over priced. I have a cousin who pays 25% more at her Gymboree in Chicago and they are more strict on make-up-days and class times. I pay $99 a month for both classes 2x a week which ends up being  $12 a class plus you get unlimited open gym. Highly recommended!!
5	We have been taking our daughter to Gymboree for over 2 months now & she loves it so much.  She loves the songs & the bubbles & all of the teachers are so great!
5	My oldest son (now 2 1/2) as well as my youngest son (now 1) have both been going to this Gymboree since they were 8 weeks old. We LOVE this place and all! From age specific classes to open play to music classes we have taken advantage of all they have to offer and I truly feel that both my kids have benefited from Gymboree at each age level.I work full time so it's most often my nanny who brings my sons to their classes. I'm sorry to miss all the fun, but I can see directly how much they are learning there ... cleaning up, climbing, songs ... they love it. If you're looking for a great place to take your kids this is it.
5	So my daughter and I have been going to Gymboree for a year now and I am so thankful to have such an awesome learning center for my daughter.  She is an only child, so this is her main source of interaction that she gets with her people in her age group.  We go several times a week for teacher led classes, as well as open play times to just have fun.  Since my last review, I have been to several other centers with my daughter and have realized that Gymboree is really the best that is out there.  The teachers at Gymboree all seem to really enjoy their jobs and being with the kids.  Miss Jaime in particular is just awesome.  When my daughter sees Miss Jaime, she almost always runs to her to give her a hug.  If Miss Jaime sees my daughter first, she will run up to her and hug her, which makes my daughter squeal with laughter.  It is so amazing to see my daughter so comfortable and truly happy.  If you have children, you really need to go check out Gymboree because they would really love it and get a lot out of the classes.
5	We have been going to Gymboree for about a year and only have wonderful things to say about both the staff and the facility. The instructors are always high energy, very organized and really ensure that all of the children participate and have a great time. There are also great play times where the play area is open for drop-in free play. We couldn't get through the summer without having the great drop-in times when it's too hot to go outside.
5	I've only been to two classes but I absolutely love it.  I'm new to vegas and wanted to get out and interact with my son and other kids and parents. He loves the class and I love the instructor.
