5	We were hosting a going away party for our friends that are moving out of the country to Ecuador to open a bed and breakfast, so we picked Alice Coopers'town as our venue and we then looked for a spectacular way to photograph our event, the clear option was an Amazon Local Deal for this photo booth.  I will say that I was pleasantly surprised on how professional and thorough John himself was at the event, he set up and broke down the booth which was amazing and we had so much fun, if you are considering getting a photo booth, John's is the way to go all the way!  I would pay full price for the service we received next time around and we will be back!  Everyone had an amazing time..and some fantastic photos came about...a very memorable evening for sure..http://s1246.photobucket.com/albums/gg618/trinarothery/http://i1246.photobucket.com/albums/gg618/trinarothery/c9011a1b.jpghttp://i1246.photobucket.com/albums/gg618/trinarothery/3801dcc6.jpg
5	This was by far the highlight of the party!  Everyone went home with their pictures plus the guests of honor got a copy as well.  We had all of the supplies set up for then to put it in a scrapbook and write their own personal message.  It was a huge hit!John was very professional was there from setup to teardown.  He manned the booth in case anyone had questions or needed help.I will absolutely be calling him again!
5	We hired John's Photo Booth for our wedding reception in August. We shopped around quite a bit including groupon / livingsocial, but we got the best deal at John's. We liked him at an open house in the same hotel where we had the reception and decided to go with him. I can not speak highly enough about John. He is very professional and friendly. Everyone loved the photobooth. The photos came out amazing and really good quality. Also, he provides a dvd of the photos right after the event. Unfortunately we lost the DVD amongst the wedding day craziness and contacted him after 3 months. He mailed another copy to us right away.I would definitely hire him again in a heartbeat for any other event.
