3	This place holds true to the formula that portion size is inversely proportional to the price.For a hotel restaurant there is a surprising amount of flavor in their dishes.  The customer service is exemplary and the menu also has some rotating items. I went here often for business lunches and they were always to immediately accommodate us regardless of group size. Menu items could also be customized to your wishes, ie no bacon, or add cheese.I usually ordered the salmon dish, to their credit they did find new and entertaining way to present a fairly common fish.  One of my favorites was with a orzo pasta with a light cream sauce. For more commons foods it is entertaining to see the mini sized sized ketchup and mustard bottles that they serve with each plate.The real reasons to come here is for the service, ambiance and to impress clients and or dates.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The food is always perfect and the service is unmatched.  The can accommodate any patron.  Don't be fooled that it is too fancy...as it is not stuffy at all.  Try the Friday Night Grill too---great value.
4	Went to the Ritz last night for dinner.  I will tell you we didn't choose this one first but all the places we wanted to try were fully booked till 9pm (way to late for new parents).  So I open tabled it, and, despite reading poor reviews in the past, I booked it.  I was more than pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere is not as nice as I thought it should be but the service was impeccable.  We opted for the restaurant week menu and it was spectacular.  I started with some marvelous mushroomy raviolis which were perfectly al dente and over some garlicy spinach.  Yum!  Then for the best part....the apricot leg of lamb.  I have never been a lamb fan but decided to branch out and am so glad I did.  It was so tender it fell off the bone and melted in your mouth.  I loved the apricot couscous as well.  The finale was the coconut pineapple creme brulee and, although it wasn't prepared on the spot, it made it to my top three of all time.  And it was giant!  My husband got the filet which was perfectly rare as he requested.  His starter was a caprese with italian cheese and was very good.  His dessert was not so great, a chocolate goat cake....some goat cheese thing which we could only take one bite of before calling it quits.  Overall, we had a really nice dinner and it wasn't too pricey, although I can see why all the reviews.  Of course, you shouldn't head to the Ritz if you don't want to drop some cash on dinner.  The normal menu is small, but I am from the school of thought to do less items on the menu and make them perfect.  The Ritz did that so I had to write this review to vendicate them.
4	Situated about 2 blocks from my office and directly next to a Starbucks means I'm here for lunch or a bite after work several times a month.  Bistro 24 is yet to disappoint. The service is always stellar, but it's the Ritz, so it ought to be.  The food is all quite good.  It's not the most romantic or fanciest dining room... There are more fun & eclectic places to take a date but is a great place to take a client or colleague for a bite.  i think of the Bistro as more of a lunch place than a dinner spot, but it certainly goes either way. If you are looking to try the Bistro but are on a bit of a budget, i would try one of these two little tips:1.  Check out Friday Night Grill... its about 35 per person and all you can eat.  They have steak freshly cooked on the grill outside and a variety of sushi and salads inside.  The desert table is decadent.  For less than you'd spend on a steak next door at Morton's, you'll get a ton of high quality delicious food.2.  Happy Hour is at 5pm.  Their appetizers and many drinks (including draft beer) are half off.  Get a Firestone Pale Ale or Double Brown Ale for just $3.  One of my favorite appetizers is the Ratatouille Pizza. (Only $7 during happy hour!). It's delicious and eats like a meal.  Bon appetit
4	I took my girlfriend here for birthday. The service was impeccable,as was the entire restaurant. The food was very good, just left me wishing there was more. I had a deal for their farm to table menu option, and it was pretty nicely priced. All in all a great experience
4	Doing meetings at the Ritz so have ended up in the bar and restaurant (Bistro 24). What a pleasant surprise - especially on a Friday night. They have their Grill Night buffet and it is soooo worth it. Appetizer buffet includes Blue Point oysters, lobster bites, fabulous seared tuna with wasabi cream, cute filet mignon bites, shrimp, duck and cheese fun stuff..etc.Sushi stand. Enough said.Outdoors is the grill....filet mignon, lamb chops, organic salmon, grilled shrimp....mashed potatoes...grilled greens.....The Dessert stand....decadent.Wine list...va bene!
4	Bistro 24 has really nice food with an excellent and interesting bread assortment. Every time I have been there, whether while working or not, I have had excellent service.I must confess, one day at lunch I asked what was going to be that night's dessert.  Not only did the server tell us, but he brought us one. It was a fresh out of the oven chocolate macaroons that wasn't going on the menu until evening. It melted in my mouth.It is service and food like that which keep bringing me back.
4	Impeccable service, but what else would you expect at the Ritz-Carlton?! Stopped in for a late night dessert with the boy after a sad, failed attempt to make homemade pizza. They were happy to accommodate us even though it was pretty close to closing time. It was a gorgeous evening so we got a table outside, what an adorable Parisian patio! Our server was very professional and sweet, offering tons of variations of lattes and cappuccinos that she could whip up for me after I mentioned craving coffee! I ordered the vanilla creme brulee w. mixed berries on top & he got chocolate cake. Both were divine and definitely made us forget about all of the trauma that our taste buds had suffered!
4	Service was great, as was expected for a restaurant located in Ritz Carlton.  Food was pretty good.Dessert was dissappointing.  My cake was still partly frozen and my fiancee's was okay.  They both tasted like something you get outta the grocer's freezer.  Was palatable, but not what you expect at Ritz.  The ambiance and service is what kept me from giving it 3 stars.  Overheard the waitress talk about Friday Night grill, so will try that someday soon, and will update according to my experience then.
3	Bistro 24 is a nice, romantic restaurant in the Ritz Carlton.  The decor and service is spectacular; but the food, on the other hand, could still use some work.  We had a prix fixe menu, consisting of the farmer's market salad, short rib or salmon entree, and a peanut butter ice cream chocolate cake or the carrot cake with cheesecake topping.  I think our farmer's market salad was missing the dressing or seasoning.  There was nothing flavorful or tasty in that dish. Both the entrees were delicious. The salmon had a crusty finish, cooked to perfection over creamy polenta and the short ribs were tender, melt in your mouth, with the perfect mashed potato partner.  The desserts were average, but too sweet for me, and I had a pretty big sweet tooth.  The carrot cake cheesecake dessert was moist and the cheesecake topping was good.  The chocolate cake was very dense and the peanut butter ice cream tasted like straight peanut butter and sugar.  What was awesome about this restaurant is the executive chef came out to each table after the entrees were served to talk to his guests...now talk about service!  Overall: Food alright but would not go back.  Prices: Expensive.
5	the absolute best pancakes i've tasted anywhere in the world! Plus. Somehow they have perfected the art of making crisp bacon with no grease! Thei order of pancakes is enough for 2 people. And their fresh squeezed orange juice is the best. Plus...all I need to do is walk out the front door of my building when I get up and they are next door. So I image that makes everything tase better when I'm feeling lazy in the morning!
4	Excellent service and great tasting food.  What more could you ask for?  A bit pricey, but that is to be expected with the level of quality.The wait staff will cater to your every need and will make sure your lunch or dinner is to your liking.  I came here for lunch on a business lunch and it was everything I expected.  I had the chicken caesar salad and it was great.  If you are looking for a place to meet up after work or to have a power lunch, I definitely recommend this place.
3	Bistro 24 is a nice spot to have a nice upscale dinner.  I had a groupon for a meal for two which was a terrific deal we saved over $60 off our bill.  For the first course was a salad with a sherry vinaigrette which was ok.  Next for entree I had the short ribs which were cooked perfectly they came with horseradish mashed potatoes which I thought were a bit too strong all I tasted was horseradish.  For dessert I had an amazing chocolate peanut butter cake and it was a great way to end the meal.  I enjoyed Bistro 24 and if they have a groupon again I will go back for sure.
5	I came here with a group of 20 for a work lunch.  Due to time constraints we ordered our lunches ahead.  I ordered the chicken con-fit but they change the item out.  They emailed our person that was setting up the lunch and notify me that they have grilled turkey breast served with butternut squash puree, brussel sprouts with crispy bacon, and a cranberry relish.  They sounded deli-sh, so I was OK with the change.  Boy, the change was welcome when I had my first taste.  OMG, everything was SO SO SO GOOD.  The service was excellent!
2	During my 5 nights stay at Ritz,  I went to  Bistro 24 for breakfast my first morning.  I experienced very slow service for Ritz standards.  I had to wait a while for someone to wait on.  It was not even busy.  For the next 4 days, I just walked across the street to Starbucks.
4	Amazing food, friendly service and a beautiful restaurant located in the Ritz-Carlton.  This restaurant has a great menu selection.  The Steak Au Poivre is an excellent classic!  There is live music on Saturday evenings in the lobby with an amazing pianist, Nicole Pesce and Jeffrey Hattrick.  Great place!
4	This is a beautiful restaurant located inside of the Ritz Carlton. We were seated by a gracious and friendly hostess and waited for our two friends to arrive. We were given coffee and water and were able to peruse the menu. When our friends arrived, we ordered our breakfast. I got bacon, eggs, potatoes and wheat toast. The toast was perfect, the bacon was perfectly cooked, the eggs were well done and not running (just the way I like) and the potato - oh my! I could have eaten 5 more! It was like sour cream and chives mashed potatoes smooshed in to a perfectly round patty and then deep fried until the entire exterior was crisp. Just amazing!
4	I went here for a ladies lunch.   The service was great and the hotel is beautiful with holiday decor.  I ordered the cob salad and it was really good and filling.  Very nice and tons of turkey chunks in the salad.  I also had a glass of Craggy Range Sauvignon Blanc that was very nice.  It was not a cheap lunch but it was a very good lunch.
5	I may be a bit biased, as we got married at the Ritz Carlton Phoenix, but we went to Bistro 24 for our anniversary dinner a year later, and had an amazing time. The atmosphere is absolutely lovely and the service is top notch.We enjoyed the warm bread served to the table as well as the *Caesar Salad* which we shared as a starter.My husband had a *Chicken* dish and he thought that it was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.I had a *Veggie Burger* which was absolutely delicious. It was a housemade patty with a chutney of some sort on top of it and caramelized onion. It was delightful. The french fries were perfectly cooked and spiced!We can't wait to go back again soon :)
5	My boyfriend took me here for our Valentines day dinner, and I was impressed! Our reservation was for 8:30, but they were running a little behind so we sat the bar for some champagne. The hotel itself is gorgeous! And the restaurant did the place justice! It was gorgeous as well! They had the piano playing songs from way back in caveman ages to 2013 music. That was refreshing! And the decor was beautiful. The only recommendation I have is dimming the lights a little more. We finally got seated and our waitress, whom was lovely,gave us the valentines day dinner menu which consisted of 4 courses, dessert, and intermezzo(sp).Course 1: oyster with caviar...AMAZING!!Course 2: lobster pieces with some kind of creamy white sauce...magnificent!! It was so tender and flavorful!Course 3: Cauliflower soup....best soup I have ever had! I must learn to make this at home!! It was so creamy and rich!!Intermezzo: orange sorbet...delicious! Can't ever go wrong with orange sorbet. Course 4: porter house steak for 2....it wasn't as great as I imagined it to be, but I also like my steak medium rare an we got this steak as medium well. The seasonings were just right. Dessert: guava ice cream which was very tart and tasty and I don't even like guava. Also spongy cake pieces with apricot and orange marmalades which was my favorit, and this chocolate mousse cake! It was all so good! It was a lovely dinner! The staff was amazing! The place was amazing! Can't wait to be back!
5	Came here for lunch and we didn't want to leave.  The food was amazing and the staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and eager to take care of the customers. The wife wants to to have a weekend get away at the hotel just so we can try more items.
4	Food here was great! We had a light supper, salads for both of us, but the price was perfect for what we had and the service was good. It felt a little odd that the restaurant was so big and so empty, despite it being a Friday night. Also, the lighting in our area kept flickering. Very obviously so, to the point that we were laughing over it and trying to figure out what was causing it. Not a bad visit, but their maintenance needs to seriously look over their lighting.
5	This place is inside the Ritz Carlton so it better be good, and it is.  First off it is beautiful.  This is not some overrated hipster joint.  This is the real deal.  Excellent food, excellent service and a great atmosphere.  And the food is not as expensive as many other places with less quality. Two different steak options for less than $40!  Many steak joints charge around $50 just for the piece of meat.  The sides will set you back another $6 or more.   Will have to say that glasses of wine are not cheap but money can be saved by ordering by the bottle.  The portions are not huge but fully adequate.  Now for the specifics.  We had the baked beet salad, see picture.  It was great and the presentation was beautiful.  The ahi tuna was great as well.  The lamb tenderloin was one of the best lamb dishes I've had.  One may have been better, on the SS. Norway. I told our waiter, Alex this and he had the chef come to our table to meet us.  He even gave me a copy of the recipe!  I also told Alex I cook for a hobby.  Alex was very personable.  He made friends with us and the table near us too.  He never was a bother and everybody seemed to enjoy being served by him and his conversation.This is not a stuffy place.  The wait staff wear dinner jackets but the customers can wear jeans with a nice shirt.  There was also live piano music from the lounge right outside the Bistro. This is a place you will want to come to again and the prices will allow you to come more often than for that special, once in a great while, special event.  Hey boys and girls, what a great way to spoil your date without breaking the bank!  Just don't get crazy on the drinks!
5	We had a wonderful experience. The food was delicious and the service was top notch.
5	A ex boyfriend took me there for Valentine's Day and it was amazing.  The restaurant had nothing to do with the ex part. :-)They created a tasting menu that increased in complexity and flavor with every dish.  I never thought I would taste foie gras but it was amazing.  Our appetizer was lobster and the soup was artichoke.  Again something I would've passed up on a regular menu and the mushroom brioche was over the top with texture.  My boyfriend commented that it tasted like meat and enjoyed it very much.  The beef tenderloin was my main entree and it was cooked to perfection.  Our server was attentive and was an excellent server.  It was definitely romantic and was worth the drive and money for the special day.
5	The Ahi Tuna entree here is the best in town.  It is consistently a sushi grade cut, unlike many other places that claim to serve sushi grade.  The service is consistently top notch as well.  It is expensive, but worth the price!
5	It's tradition for my family to spend Christmas Eve at the Ritz Carelton and have dinner at Bistro 24.  The food is always excellent and the service top notch.  The hotel is elegantly adorned with holiday garland and lights with a tastefully decorated tree that immediately grabs your attention upon entering the lobby.  The hotel is a very simple and tasteful way to enjoy the holiday season.
