5	After arriving in town from Ca., my car overheated. I took it to R&R on a Saturday morning and had to drop it off to get checked. We wanted to     to get back to the Strip while we waited and mentioned that we needed a taxi. Mike informed us that it would be cheaper to rent a car across the street. We were surprised to find that the Avis rental would give us a deal because our car was at R&R. After a few hours Mike called to say he couldn't find anything wrong with our car. We went back to pick it up and he didn't charge us a dime! He could have charged us an hour labor. The rental car was only $37. I would recommend these guys anytime!
5	A great, reliable and trustworthy mechanic is hard to find and I just did.  A co-worker recommended R & R and I took my car there last week.  My car was starting slow and I wanted someone to take a look.  The problem pretty much went away and they let me know that they didn't find anything wrong.  The last place I took my car to said that I needed a transfer case service because it was leaking and a seal was warped.  Asked R&R to check it out - they said there was no problem.  I was ready to spend a bunch of money and they were honest and didn't recommend repairs I didn't need.  From now on, everything I need from oil changes to major repairs will be done at R & R.  Thanks!
4	I am a fan R&R Automotive, I have been coming to them for all of my auto repair since 1999. I have always been treated fairly, given the best price for service and never had to deal with up sales tactics.Grampa, Michael, Mike and Christopher are "old school"  business owners. Their reputation is important to them. I have never been mislead in any way. They stand behind the work that they do. If you have a problem just bring it to them and they work it out with you. As long as they are open they have my business. I have no idea what Gina S. is talking about. Grampa ( Michael Angelo) is a good man, who does stand behind his work. There must be more to the story.
5	This place is awesome.  The guys that work there are knowledgeable and very helpful. Trustworthy and reasonably priced. I will recommend this place over and over. Thank you R & R.
1	NEW INFO..BUYER BEWARE!!!I was a supporter until recently, All my family and many friends at my urging were customers until this week. Never had a problem and saw many instances of honesty when Mike( the Grandson) was running the front... Something has drastically changed and, not for the better. My son went over for a water pump, was quoted $550.00,based on my recommendation and their reputation, he didnt question it.Until he got home and checked around to find out he could have got it done for 50-60% of that elsewhere. When we picked it up and asked Frank the counterman a few questions, he got flustered and called for grandpa Angelo in the back office!Angelo sat down and explained that the reason for the extra cost is that these are genuine GM parts, no rebuilts, no after market,( too many previous problems for the business )'went on to say a lifetime warranty Pointing to the invoice and the parts came from WDI. "The other quotes from competitors were come on's and aftermarket parts", Angelo said. Angelo stated he was an 87 year old Vet been in the business 7 decades he said, I have no reason to cheat you, very believeable on the surface.So, my son asked then I'm paying extra for premium GM parts and a warranty, the answer was a Resounding YES,!!!  So usually when I get a warranty, I usually get some kind of document stipulating the warranty,Angelo says yes, points to the invoice and The WDI initials, and says save your invoice, it's good anywhere you go.Frank announces, Grandpa give him a flyer, we are handed a generic flyer for a towing service, if we "break down".When quizzed further about the cost of the parts, Angelo said then and only then it was offered, well you"could" buy your own parts and we would do the work but no warranty. Bottom line, either way your paying twice.We had a 10.00 thermostat put in at a cost of $60.00. At tops,TOPS, a $90.00 water pump that was upcharged to $280.00, and 10-12 bucks of anti freeze for $25.00These are makups of 100% to 600%On the bright side their labor rates are mostly industry standard.Now when we got home and checked out this "WDI", it is Warren Distributing Inc, a wholesale auto parts operator.This is the 1st line on their website:"Our growth and leadership in the automotive "AFTERMARKET"is built on providing quality service and quality parts"Please make no mistake, this has nothing to do with WDI, it has everything to do withThe New R&R and their representations, omissions, and markups...They have every right to run their business and charge what they choose...this is way on the high side of what is available or reasonable.This has BUYER BEWARE, written all over it, very dissapointing..It has changed since Grandson Mike left, and not for the better!
5	Wonderful place. Great service. Honest work. Can't say enough about them. So grateful I was referred to them.
5	Took my truck in thinking it was a fuel injector so did they by what I described. Called back to say it was the starter. A difference of over 400 dollars. Honest mechanics.
5	The time of an honest mechanic is gone so to know about R & R is great because they are honest, fast, and efficent. This is the only place I will take my car to.
5	Just spoke to Chris, wonderful experience.  Need Water Pump for my car, was honest and helpful.  Will be bringing in the car soon.  Since we're new to Las Vegas, I felt a New York connection.  Thank you.JoAnn TubioloBrought 1995 Caddy in for Water Pump.  But as norm new Water Pump a new Thermostat go hand and hand and needed one. My experience with Chris (grandson) was wonderful, he's a caring young man and checked my car himself.Also had the pleasure to meet his Grandpa and Dad, total joy.  My car has other issues and Chris was up front and said repairs would cost more than car value, offered to check my oils once a month for me.  It was a total pleasure to deal with this family owned business.  Want piece of mind go to them.JoAnn Tubiolo
5	In all my years of being on this planet earth, I have never in my life received such great service. I have taken multiple vehicles to R&R Auto with a multitude of problems, and everyone has been fixed when they said it would be completed and at the price they quoted. I have bought my own parts and had them install them, and purchased parts from them and I have found that the cost difference between what I can find online and their price is minimal. A previous reviewer here mentioned that he could have bought parts online for much cheaper, but these parts are refurbished and do not come with a warranty. Why pay someone to do work on your vehicle and then buy a part that is not guaranteed seems asinine. I assume John C. Is an old person who has terrible vision and is really crotchety.  Every time I have been to the place it is slammed but they manage to get you car fixed on time, even the same day sometimes. I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for an oil change and while waiting there is a convenience store a mere 15 feet away for all your refreshment needs. I give R&R 5/5 stars, and wish there was an option for more. General John Connor Leader of the Worldwide Human Resistance
5	My hubby and I have been taking our cars to R&R for the last 15 years. They are completely honest and have never tried to tell us that we needed something done that was not necessary. They always take the time to explain what you need. Locally family owed is the way to go for our family.
5	I had not serviced my car for over a year and had multiple issues with the car besides a check engine light. Mainly went in there for an oil+filter change and waited in the air conditioned seated waiting area. It took a while but that was only because of the people in line ahead of me (it was busy).Finally my request was taken care of and I mentioned to the mechanic, Danny, that my car had not been serviced for over a year and was in pretty bad shape. He was nice enough to have a look at everything for me and recommend what needed immediate attention and what didn't.I had taken the car to another garage to have a mechanic check it out and identify the problems; they were identified but I was told the cost would be over $900 (special for me! we all know what that means) and I would have to leave the car overnight. I had all my issues taken care of at R&R for $132 in around 45 minutes.I do not write reviews on yelp but the honesty, dedication, pricing, and hard work by the folks at R&R completely blew me away. I will always bring my car here from now on.
5	Love the fact that they don't screw you over...on prices and workmanship!  I usually am leery about going to auto repair shops because as a female, most of them try to intimidate you because they think you are clueless. However at R and R, they ask you what is the problem and FIX it....not try to instigate more problems.....( I had a terrible experience with Meineke down the street, and never went back there again!).  Their prices are fair...as I usually ask family and friends  what is the average price for certain work to be done, and R and R usually fits the bill. Recently had my brakes done (rotors and pads) and expected to pay anywhere from $500 to $600, with  them telling me I need to fix the rear brakes, as well, quoting me even more....But no....they did the front brakes and rotors for $321....I told them to do an oil change, as well! They are family owned and operated, old school, and because they are honest, I would send my grandma and mom here to get their cars fixed!
5	Great.palce to fix your car ...
5	My hubby and I have been taking our cars to R&R for the last 15 years. They are completely honest and have never tried to tell us that we needed something done that was not necessary. They always take the time to explain what you need. Locally family owed is the way to go for our family.
5	I called and asked for an estimate and the gentleman that answered was very friendly and helpful. So I looked up the reviews and decided to go to this place. They fixed my brakes and roaders in good time and at a great price. As I was leaving a girl was saying that other auto shops were trying to charge her $100's more. I expected to pay $600 and I only paid $200!!! I've found my new mechanics!!!
5	I've been taking my car there for all major repairs and replacements. They do excellent work! Thank you R&R
