5	Bill Spoon's BBQ is a small hole in the wall restaurant in Charlotte owned and operated by the Spoon's family.  I have actually been going here with my grandparents since I was 10 or 11 years old.  Spoon's has a small group of extremely loyal customers who have been visiting the location for several decades.  They retain customer loyalty not only because of the ridiculously tasty barbecue, but also because each member of the staff radiates a warm small town friendliness that makes each customer feel special and appreciated.The barbecue itself is definitely the best that I have ever tasted.  They avoid using any heavy tomato based barbecue sauce.  Instead they blend peppers and spices into the pork and keep the meat its original color.  They offer their homemade barbecue sauce as a side item along with a homemade spicy vinegar creation that can be easily imitated but never duplicated.Make sure you stop by this place next time you are in Charlotte.  It is a one of the most popular small restaurants in town.  Spoon's is almost a local celebrity, who is always spoken about during conversations concerning great barbecue.
5	I say this is the best pork barbeque in Charlotte.  I've been going to Spoons for about 7 years.  The place feels like it's been around for 50+ years.  Cash only.  Converted house.  Checkered table cloths.  Paper plates.  Getting the picture here?  The wait staff is great and always coming around topping off your tea and giving you more baskets of hush puppies.  They are only open for lunch.It's very inexpensive and the food is great!  If you like banana pudding, theirs is about as good as it gets too.
5	Fresh tasty North Carolina style barbecue. Good sweet tea as well. Only thing missing was honey which is tastes great with hush puppies. But when I paid my tab met Steve Spoon introduced himself. Very friendly guy. He is the grandson of Bill who started the business. He said next time just ask him and he will give me some. He showed me they have honey behind the counter. I'd recommend this place any day to barbecue lovers.
5	This was my first foray into "real" North Carolina Style BBQ.  Simple menu and simple food that is delicious.  We arrived at 2:45 PM (note that they close at 3:00 PM) and we were greated with smiles and warmth - the waitress couldn't have been nicer.  Loved the vinegar-based sauce and the brunswick stew was incredible.  We left with full bellies and two pulled pork sandwiches and a bottle of their homemade sauce for the road.  We were stranded in Charlotte en-route to Boston and Bill Spoons warmed our cold, yankee hearts to the core.  Thanks :)
4	This is the first place in Charlotte (or most of the Western half of the state for that matter) that I can actually say has good BBQ.  Every other place the Q tasted like nothing or poorly ventalated natural gas fumes.  It's not the best Q  I've had (Browns - Kingstree, SC) but it's really good and better than anything else I've had in the area.  It's open for lunch only and no credit cards.
2	The customer service here is five stars - everyone is super nice, accomodating, sweet, etc. However, the food is disappointing. I've enjoyed trying different kinds of barbecue since moving to Charlotte from the midwest three years ago. I heard that Bill Spoon's was THE place to go, so after a trial run (whoops - they aren't open for dinner!) I finally made it there for lunch today. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. The hush puppies were good and the mustard/vinegar coleslaw was tasty. But the barbecue itself lacked flavor, and - most offputting - was chopped beyond recognition. Texture here was the problem - the brunswick stew, pork barbecue and coleslaw all had the same thick, baby-food consistency. I like my pulled pork tender, but this was taken way too far.
4	Charlotte is known for getting eastern NC style bbq very very wrong. The one exception that I know of is Bill Spoons. They get Eastern NC style right. To Amanda who didn't like the chopped nature of the meat, that is actually how a lot of NC bbq is prepared. To some it's just not appealing (I can understand that) but it's just how it's made. Bottom line - if you like Eastern NC style then you'll enjoy Bill Spoon's. Sadly Mr. Spoon passed a few years ago. He was kind of an institution around here - known for his friendliness. His grandson and family are keeping things going and are doing a great job. Still a very friendly place with great food.To Dave: in my initial review I wrote that Dave's claim that this location used to be  Bubba's was wrong. Via an email, Dave clarified that in fact it was initially Bill's then was Bubba's for awhile and then was Bill's again. I appreciate that and want to apologize for my error. I think the pics on the wall of the place as Bill's from the 70s/80s threw me. Thanks to Dave for also letting me in on some interesting history of the building too. I wonder though . . . what became of Bill Spoons during this Bubba period? Was he out of the business for a while?
2	This is below average carolina barbeque. I made a special trip for a quick lunch and was very disappointed. The pork lacked flavor, the slaw was yellow from mustard, and the fries were food supply sourced. I had hoped for much better.
4	I spent a couple of days in the Carolina's with a single goal: to find Carolina-style BBQ and find out what all the fuss is about.  I enrolled in Carolina BBQ 101 at Bill Spoon's and I think I got a good education.  The menu is simple and straightforward, which is greatly appreciated, I recommend getting the pulled pork, it's what they're known for.  I've never had hush puppies outside a seafood place, but I found they complement the meal pretty well.The food is tasty & reasonably priced, the environment is casual & comfortable, and the staff is very friendly. *like button*
3	Let me just preface by saying I'm a west coaster reviewing eastern Carolina BBQ. I am def not the bbq expert, but I have some experience with Carolina Q. I've eaten at numerous, bbq restautants (Bubbas included) and also eaten bbq cooked by church fundraisers many times. Soooooo take it with a grain of salt. =)  Be easy, no death threats or hate mail pretty please?Mustard, vinegar based coleslaw. I've never had it before and its pretty yummy. Nice and tangy and balanced just right with the sweetness from the cabbage cutting through the tanginess. Brunswick stew was also greeeat! Vinegar based sauce...I don't get it. It seems like it's just plain vinegar with spices. Too tangy for my taste and all it did was make me sweat and my glands pucker up. Also maybe cause the only vinegar I'm used to is rice wine vinegar, lol. The pork was okay. It had flavor, but it didn't. After you pour on the sauce, that is all you taste. The vinegar overpowers everything. It seemed pretty moist too, but maybe that might be the sauce rehydrating the meat? Also, no bun? Portions are also small for something costing almost $10. I got the small and a buddy got the large plate. Our two plates looked strikingly similar in terms of portions.Service here is fantastic though. They forgot my banana pudding and after I called, the gal was super sweet and very apologetic. My co-worker and and I came up with the same conclusion. Ready? We are not fans of the BBQ and sauce. He is actually a native South Carolinian and is passionate about bbq himself. I guess to each is his own though. It just goes to show the regional differences and cuisines. We all have our own preferences and no one person's opinions are factual. As I said before, I'll keep trying. Maybe, hopefully one day I'll grow to love this style of bbq.
5	- Customer service rating!!!So I went back today to pick up my banana puddin. The staff there was super, super nice. After I said pudding, they knew exactly what I was talking about.When the fellow brought the pudding out, he apologized profusely. He then started punching in stuff on the register and pulled out $3.30. I was like woah, I dont need that, its okay.  I tried to say no, but he wouldn't take it back. He then said the magic words "it never should have happened." I eat out a lot, I mean a lot and I've never heard those words uttered in the restaurant biz. WOW! I mean, my fault too for not checking the bag but sheesh! Now I feel guilty, lol.Oh the pudding. It's good. Nila wafers - come on, who doesn't like Nila wafers? Even asian kids like me grew up on Nila Wafers!!!
4	This was my first experience with vinegar-based BBBQ (yep, the extra B is for BYOBB). I have to say that the taste is not quite something that I would crave. However, the food was still good (BBQ, cole slaw, BBQ potatoes, and hush puppies). The hush puppies here are absolutely phenomenal. If I lived around the area, I would go back just for the hush puppies!Even though the style of BBQ didn't totally fit my tastes, the hush puppies were delicious and the service is a great example of southern hospitality. The staff was so nice!Remember, cash and checks only!
2	First, vinegar based.  Must know that. No brown sugar, tomato, molasses mix here.  What they serve is finely chopped (almost blended and pureed) and is very dry, dry like it has been sitting under a heat lamp all day.  I have tried it several times and just never have been impressed.  For good BBQ, try Mac's instead.
5	I went to lunch at Bill Spoon's Barbecue on a Saturday after noon.  Their hours (M-Sat 10:30am - 3pm) make it tough to try this place out.  It was worth the wait.  This place is a throw back or hold over from the old school BBQ joints.  Nothing fancy, but clean and well maintained.  They only serve whole hog pork and chicken here.  I ordered the large plate which comes with slaw and a side.  I chose the brunswick stew.  My order was brought out to me in about a minute or two after I ordered.  They serve the dinners on paper plates and if you order a soda you get a can with a plastic cup of ice.  Like I said this is old school BBQ.  The pork is chopped fine.  It was moist, tender, and had a great flavor.  The only BBQ sauce available is a thin vinegar based sauce.  I tried some of it on the pork and it gave the meat a nice tang.   This is the best BBQ pork I have had since I have been here in Charlotte.  The slaw is vinegar based, crunchy and tangy.  This was the first time I have had brunswick stew and it was very tasty.  All dinners are served with hush puppies which is a good and happy thing.  I have always loved hush puppies and these were excellent.  The servers were friendly and made sure I had everything I needed.  When they suggested a banana pudding for dessert I readily agreed.  The pudding made a good creamy end to a great lunch.  A quick note I am from the Kansas City area and I have eaten at some of the greatest BBQ places there.  I also judge BBQ contests and have judged 28 contests over the past 3 years.  Bill Spoon's will be added to my list of the best BBQ places I have eaten.  If you are looking for something fancy or sweet sticky BBQ, then head elsewhere.  If you want old school BBQ then this is the place.  Oh, and make sure to bring cash as they don't take plastic.
5	When I ate meat, Eastern NC-style barbecue was one of my favorites... even now, it's a terrible, terrible temptation.  And Spoon's is the best - the BEST.We grew up going to Spoon's, mostly because we knew the family from church.  Back when I was a kid, I hated barbecue, so I often ordered the chicken or the fish n chips (both of which I remember being pretty tasty).  I have some very early memories of eating at Spoon's - the yellow and white checked tablecloths, the weird mural on the back wall, the hard strawberry candies, the letter from Dan Quayle, the banana pudding...For a period of years after I left Charlotte for college and adulthood, I didn't go to Spoon's.  I sort of forgot it existed.  And then, one day a few years ago, I visited again.  And it was EXACTLY THE SAME.  Seriously.  Nothing had changed.  We went for lunch, and when we paid, Bill Spoon looked at our check, commented that we wouldn't be coming back if they always charged us so much to eat, and promptly rounded down the tab.  Amazing.I love that Bill Spoon's is still around.  I love that they've never changed.  I love that it's still in the family.(Also, everything on the menu is awesome - the barbecue, obviously - but the banana pudding is really the best, most authentic NC banana pudding.  Marie Spoon used to save a bit for me every time we came, just in case they ran out.)
5	Lately I've had the misfortune of giving places really high marks only to find on later visits that the service/quality is really inconsistent or that the businesses were in the throes of "new business syndrome" and had a lot to sort out.I trust this will not be the case with Bill Spoon's BBQ.  This place is a true classic like Red Bridges in Shelby, and one visit was enough to tell me that.The BBQ was outstanding.  Great subtle smokiness involved.  the hushpuppies were expertly prepared, and the slaw is dynamite.  Think about that finely shredded vinegar slaw you get at Bridges or Stamey's, and then picture some mustard added.  It was a real treat.The banana pudding was a bit trashy.  Yeah I said it.  Kool Whip was involved.  But I still liked it.  A lot.One of the best things about this place is their sauce.  They have their own special BBQ sauce just like every other joint, but what I like about Spoon's is that they're not afraid to put a little more red pepper and black pepper in it, and that makes a real difference.I'll be back every chance I get.  Places like this make you realize what a joke Mac's Speed Shop is.  If you like dressing up in your motorcycle outfit, Mac's is the place.  But for food, Spoon's is the place.
3	If you like eastern north carolina BBQ, you'll be in heaven.  I don't care too much for mustard slaw and vinegar based BBQ sauce so that's why this place is only A-OK.  Spoons is simple BBQ.  Much like the much heralded Lexington BBQ, Spoons serves chopped BBQ on disposable plates and has excellent desserts.  I had the BBQ sandwich with slaw on top and found it to be pretty good.  The hush puppies are awesome.  I did spring for dessert which was sweet potato pie that day and YUM.  Nothing better than a hot slice of heaven with whipped cream on top.  If you're looking for an example of Carolina BBQ, you must pay a visit to Spoons.
5	Wow. Why have you all been hiding this little gem from me?  Is it because I'm from Boston and you think that I wouldn't appreciate good eastern Carolina barbecue?  I'm more well-rounded than that, I swear!  As a northerner, I did think (way back in 2009) that barbecue involved meat (pig or beef) and some thick sweet sauce.  Eh.  Fine with me.  I enjoyed it but didn't love it.  Eating barbecue from Bill Spoon's has opened my eyes to a whole side of barbecue that I didn't know existed ... whole hog, vinegar based barbecue.  No more sticky sweet, ketchup based sauces for me.  No more fatty pork shoulder.  I am a whole hog Eastern Carolina cue girl from now on.      I am giving Bill Spoon's five stars for a few reasons ... 1.) Totally not pretentious.  Very helpful.  Family owned.  I walked in looking a little lost and Steve (current owner and the grandson of the original owner) said kindly, "Sweetie, how can I help you?"  Not 'sweetie' in a cloyingly paternalistic or condescending kind of way, but truly concerned that I needed some barbecue guidance.  2.) Tastes great!!  Large portions of deliciousness.  Steve suggested I order the family pack (about $18) - 1 pound of barbecue, a dozen hush puppies and a pound of cole slaw - enough to make three plates or five sandwiches.  I decided to also order an extra dozen hush puppies (very wise decision), some baked beans, 6 sandwich rolls, and 1/2 gallon of sweet tea.  This easily fed four adults and three children and cost a little over $30.      It is my new go-to place every time I have an out-of-town guest.  I can't seem to understand why Mac's has 132 reviews and this place has 22.  If you want a cool bar to hang out at and drink some organic hard cider for $7 a bottle, go to Mac's.  If you want delicious, authentic, barbecue goodness, go to Bill Spoon's.  Tucked in quaintly beside the Taco Bell on South Boulevard... let that be your beacon to guide you to barbecue heaven.  As other reviewers have mentioned... they are only open until 3pm and they only take cash, checks, and promises ... according to their sign.  Plan accordingly.  You can eat in or take your order to go...  If you plan to eat your takeout promptly, they will bring it out warm, if you plan to heat it up later, let them know!
3	Stopped by Bill's on my way through. It is tasty meat (chopped-up pork). The sauce is the vinegar style. Serve was good and everyone was friendly. ~$10 for a plate of food including lots of hush-puppies. Yum.
4	Damn fine BBQ, damn fine. The pork was wonderful - just enough smoke flavor to complement the smoothly rich whole hog pork. Vinegar based sauce may not be my favorite way to dress BBQ, but the meat came out lightly sauced. They have sauce on the table if you want more. The mustard slaw was nice, but the Brunswick stew was not to my taste - it was a bit too sweet and thick. I think it had green peas in it, which might explain the sweetness. Overall very good E Carolina BBQ, with a great staff serving it all up with a smile.
3	It saddens me to give Bill Spoon's a meager three starts, and I almost wonder if the fault lies with me, given that the place has been in operation longer than I have been alive. Service was good, and the banana pudding for dessert was delicious.  The three stars are the result of two other issues: 1) Spoon's is cash-only.  No one under a certain age carries cash any more.  I understand times have changed, but resistance leads to business loss after a while.  If I want barbecue for lunch while I am at work, I can go to Spoon's AFTER I go by the back, or I can travel roughly the same distance to Mac's without an ATM excursion on the way.  This would be less of an issue if Spoon's was far and away the best barbecue in the area, but this leads to my second point...2) All the food served seemed to be pureed very finely.  The pulled pork barbecue and the Brunswick stew, although tasty, had the texture of baby food.  It got a little off-putting about halfway through the plate.I feel like a jerk for dissing a family institution that has been around so long and is obviously run with love, but there it is.
4	For a city the size of Charlotte, there's not much there in the way of outstanding barbecue. There are several adequate places, and there are even a couple that are good. But in the years that I've lived here, the only place that I have tried that I would call excellent is Mac's Speed Shop.  However, I kept hearing about Bill Spoon's Barbecue, so I decided to give it a shot one day for lunch.Bill Spoon's Barbecue prides themselves on serving Eastern Carolina style barbecue by cooking the whole hog.  For those of you unfamiliar with the barbecue culture in North Carolina, Eastern Carolina style barbecue consists of cooking the entire hog, finely chopping the meat from the various parts of the pig, and serving it all together. The sauce is generally a very thin vinegar-based sauce.I walk in and get seated and immediately feel at home.  The atmosphere was a very down-home comfortable atmosphere.  The tables all had yellow checkered tablecloths, and the wood paneling made me feel a bit nostalgic.Bill Spoon's advertises serving the whole hog, so I decided to order the small barbecue plate with beans as my side.  The waitress was extremely friendly.  Less than five minutes later, out comes my plate of food!  Very quick!The star of this plate is the pork.  It was chopped very fine, but the texture was not mushy at all.  I could see that some sort of sauce was applied to it, but the pork was not drowned in the sauce.  It had a very nice flavor.  I added some of the Eastern Carolina style sauce to the pork, and it added a nice bite with some kick.I forgot to mention the hush puppies...  with every barbecue dinner, they have bottomless hush puppies!  WOOHOO!!  The hush puppies were extremely fresh -- nice and crunchy on the outside, and very moist on the inside.  The only drawback was that they were just a little bit on the salty side.The slaw was something different that I had not experienced since starting my barbecue adventures -- it was a mustard-based slaw.  I would normally not eat a mustard-based slaw, but it complemented the barbecue quite well.  Thus, it did exactly what it was supposed to do.  The beans, quite frankly, were bland and mostly forgettable.  But I was hungry, and I ate them anyway.I also read somewhere that they had excellent banana pudding, so I just had to try it out when I saw it available on today's menu.  When it came out, it was a little smaller portion than I had expected.  However, the taste of the banana pudding was very nice.  There were layers upon layers upon layers of wafers in the pudding, giving the pudding that nice crunch in addition to the pudding taste.  The pudding component was very fresh, although I kept wondering if I tasted just a faint hint of lemon in the pudding.All in all, I enjoyed eating at Bill Spoon's.  I'm not sure it quite surpasses Mac's Speed Shop in the excellence factor, I have no qualms whatsoever in putting it in a solid 2nd place when it comes to the best barbecue in Charlotte.This review is available with pictures at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2011/03/26/review-bill-spoons-barbecue-charlotte-nc/.
4	Really good vinegar based whole hog bbq
5	Was told by several locals that this is the best BBQ in town.  I have to agree and say it's also some of the best I've ever had.  For years I've heard about BBQ out there that doesn't need sauce.  I scoffed at these tales of legendary que, but at Spoon's you don't need sauce.  It's that damn good. Now, you can add a little, depending on your taste, and it enhances the flavor.  But sauce is not a requirement.  Hush puppies come with everything and they are little warm puffs of delight.  The slaw and beans are my two favorite sides. Enjoy your meal with a glass of the best sweet tea in Charlotte (sorry Pressley's but it's time to let go) and finish it off with nanner puddin that would make my grandma quit cooking.Top 3 BBQ experience of my life.
5	I love this place. There is much heated debate about the best bbq out there and I know everyone has their own preference...but to me, Bill Spoon's is one of the best. I clean my plate every time I go there. The slaw, hushpuppies, sweet tea and bbq are ALL excellent. Another thing I like about this place is that the first time I went I had a debit card. THEY ONLY TAKE CASH & checks ! Remember that. But even if you forget, they'll tell you just to pay it next time. I know I looked like I'd seen a green monkey land on his head when he said that. "He" being Bill Spoon's grandson-possibly the nicest individual you'll ever meet. Everyone there is a sweetheart. Now, let's talk about atmosphere. This place ain't swank. Far from it. It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall joint with checkered tablecloths and old decor. Personally, I kinda like it-it goes with my world view of what an authentic, family owned, bbq place should look like. My husband, on the other hand, thinks it feels like an old folks home. He does, however, love the food.The place has been around forever (since 1963 I think), so I think that says something too.
4	My wife and I ate here on a recent trip to NC. We had a great lunch. The pork was tender and succulent. Classic NC style, which we normally don't like, but when in NC, this is what you get. The hush puppies were the best we have ever had rivaling the puppies at BBQ Center in Lexington, NC. The brunswick stew was also unique and tasty. Don't leave without getting some of their banana pudding for dessert. The wait staff is very friendly and courteous. Your iced tea glass will never be less than half full. We look forward to coming back if we are in Charlotte again.
2	This is based off just one visit when I ordered the BBQ chicken. I haven't had that much eastern NC BBQ but this chicken tasted over cooked and it was overly soggy, like boiled chicken. The atmosphere is very inviting, plaid/checkered table covers, paper plates & plastic utensils, friendly staff.I hope to return soon and update my review ( :
4	Came for lunch for my first ever visit today. Had 30 minutes till my next conference call and was in and out in less than 20 minutes. Had the small BBQ (BBQ = pork here in Eastern NC) plate with a mustard based slaw on the side. It was good eastern style, whole hog cue. I was relieved to know I can get EXACTLY the same meal way closer to Huntersville at Bubba's on Sunset Rd. Seriously. The pork and slaw looked and tasted identical!  That's not a bad thing as I think both are good. If I'm on this side of town, I'd certainly go back to Spoon's.
4	If you seek to fill out your barbecue scorecard, Bill Spoon's is definitely a stop you need to make.  Many of those newfangled places will tell you that you need pulled pork (generally longer strands of meat, often piled high on the plate).  Not here.  You get chopped pork instead - minced into tiny pieces so that it is almost unrecognizable.You definitely know that it is meat, and the taste is unmatched.  As has been mentioned, you can get something similar at Bubba's if you are up that way.  If I recall, Bubba was a cook for Spoon's way back when, which explains the similarity in cooking styles.The slaw is different than many, but I actually enjoy it - one of the few places I will eat slaw.  And though they did not accept anything but cash until recently, they now take cards and are even open for dinner a few nights a week.  Awesome.
3	The pork BBQ was good, no doubt. However, you MUST have acquired a taste for Eastern NC BBQ, which is HEAVY in a VINEGAR sauce. I personally love the traditional sweet-style Southern BBQ. Now this is good pork-flavored BBQ. But I could only eat just so much of the vinegar. The portions were surprisingly small, as the sides were good but smaller than most BBQ joints. Overall, not bad. But there is MUCH better out there. If you love Eastern NC BBQ, you'll probably like this place much more than I did.
4	No real bells and whistles, has been around for-eva...just solid 'cue that comes out lightening fast, and tasted pretty darn good.  As Chad E. mentioned, the pulled pork isn't pulled, more like pulverized, and soaks up a LOT of that vinegary sauce. The mac and cheese is a bit greasy and heavy for my liking, but a nice accompaniment to the sweet and smoky baked beans. Our server had our food out within, I'm not kidding 90 seconds of us ordering, and even took the time to replace our hush puppies with hot ones just out of the fryer when they were available. PS: Don't ask for anything special like brisket or bunt ends, it doesn't exist here.  Just enjoy what you get, and get on with your day!
4	Good barbeque, even better banana pudding. Customer service is the best you'll find. Definitely why they have been in business so long.
5	Hands down the best bbq I've eaten in a restaurant.  God, I wish I was eating it right now!They take debit/credit now!!!
4	First, they do take credit and debit cards now!Second, the best Eastern Style BBQ in Charlotte period!  Meat is cooked and chopped perfectly and all the sides are great.
5	I'm a long time area resident who does bbq for charity quite often. I love Spoon's, I was fortunate enough to meet the original owner, went to school with his son, and now Impressed how good the grandson is with customers. The staff is wonderful, bbq is great, hush puppies are magnificent (I know the secret, but you don't want to know), I was hesitant on the mustard based coleslaw, but after trying it was tasty. I have made my own ENC bbq sauce, and Spoons is very good. I usually mix a more catchup based sauce with the vinegar based, maybe I should cut down on the catchup on my sauce.......I'm glad I'm close to the best BBQ restaurant in Charlotte. We have many pretenders, but Spoon's put them to shame. Why doesn't one of the Lexington folks open a place here? We have Sonny's(gag),Hillbilly(gag), Macs(overrated), Nicks(chain BBQ sucks), The greek places that serve canned BBQ(see BBQ King). The closest place to Charlotte besides Spoons I'd recommend is 521 BBQ in Indianland.
5	The best!  My boyfriend is from Charlotte and he took me to spoons back in 2008.  It has become my favorite place for eastern NC style bbq.   Every time we go back to visit, Spoons is a required stop.
5	Fine swine
5	One of my favorite barbecue places in Charlotte,  Highly recommend the pork and the Brunswick stew.  The banana pudding is also awesome.  I will say the one thing to avoid here is the chicken.  BTW BBQ is a noun and not a verb.
5	Ok first things first THEY TAKE CARDS NOW so  go get your Q on.  This is some quality Q. The pork isn't so much pulled as shredded, it makes for an interesting texture but it's really good. If you get a sandwich it's going to come with coleslaw on it (I got it on the side) the 'slaw is has a mustard base which seems strange to me but tastes really good and compliments the pork really well when you put it on top. Mom got the chicken it was juicy and tender not at all dry with just enough sauce to compliment the meat. We wanted a little bit of everything so we  some extra sides here's the rundown.  Beans very good just a hit of sweet. Potato salad ok not great for either of us it was a very wet potato salad made with red potatoes with sort of a mustard, mayo, vinegar sauce not our thing but it may be yours, Onion rings once again not our  thing we both like our onion rings a little more oniony than theirs are but if you like onion rings and not onions these may be for you. Brunswick stew was really good with a hit of a smoky flavor it's not at all chunky like I would expect but still good. Fried pickles very good they're pickle chips not pickle wedges (as fried pickles should be) and are served with ranch. Mac and cheese was a little plain but perfectly serviceable. Hushpuppies are really good and they brought more when we ran out. The service was amazing and friendly when I'm thirsty I can hard to keep up with in terms of water and they never  missed a beat. They serve coke products in cans so there are no free refills. I was already pretty well caffeinated so I just went with water rather than tea. They sell bottles of their vinegar based sauce it was good I'm taking one of those home with me. They cater and SHIP. When I get back home to St Pete I'll order some and let you guys know how that works.
3	Finally made it here, well I made it to Bill Spoon's BBQ - I ate in this building light years ago when it was Bubba's (of course, before it was Bubba's, it was Spoon's Barbecue - a certain symmetry exists even in the world of cooked pig.). Signs says "We've cooked the whole pig since 1963", and if that is a collective "We", then that is true.They serve pretty solid Eastern NC barbecue here - they cook the whole pig till it is tender and juicy, moderately chop it & include some outside pieces, and lightly sauce it as served. What arrives at the table is fairly mild barbecue, and several large dashes of their sauce helps pick up the heat pace - this is a nice Eastern NC sauce.The slaw is also very Eastern - mustard based with a little attitude, and goes great with the pork, and the BBQ Chicken, as well. The BBQ Chicken is nice and tender, but it is very mild, and benefits a great deal from a nice amount of salt, and some additional sauce, house or commercial hot sauce. The Combo Plate of  BBQ Chicken, 7 ounces of Chopped BBQ, and 2 sides goes for $14.75, not exactly cheap eats here. Chopped Sandwich is $5. The Hushpuppies here are very, very good.The Chili Dog here is not one I'd order again - the chili lacks any kick, the onions go on last (just wrong), and at $2.50 this is an expensive wiener. The side of Onion Rings was actually nice - these are obviously frozen, but they were well fried, not over breaded, and had some good onion flavor. The FF were thin and crispy - nice. The Brunswick Stew ($4 for a small bowl) was simply awful - too thick and mushy (you cannot identify a single separate vegetable), and was very dark with a burnt, bitter taste. Your soda comes in a 12 ounce can, and there are no refills - cost is $2.The service was quick, efficient, and friendly. They check on you several times during the meal. This is not destination barbecue in my opinion, but it is pretty good, especially for the Charlotte area. This is not a cheap place to eat barbecue, especially at the lunch meal. A BBQ Chicken/Pork Combo Plate with 2 sides, a small Brunswick Stew, a Chili Dog, an order of FF, and 2 Diet Cokes came to $27.10 before tax or tip. Too expensive for the combined quality and quantity.
5	Best Carolina BBQ I have had. I am no expert, but not a novice either. Pulled pork is awesome. Great management and wait staff. Make you feel like family.
5	Some of the best BBQ in NC is right here.  We like to get a tub of it to go and then dress it up with our own spicy sauce at home.  Always tender, always delicious.
4	Been here a couple of times so far. Each time the service has been great and the food great as well. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich both times but their coleslaw is a bit strange as I'm not accustomed to a mustard based slaw. My husband ordered the Brunswick stew both times and its very good. Their sweet tea is pretty awesome too. The banana pudding is pretty darn good too. Oh and they seat you immediately even when the place is packed. Basically you can't go wrong with Bill Spoons....
2	Not too impressed but again I'm not used to north Carolina BBQ.  Service was great best fried pickles I've ever had
1	Poor. I don't understand what all the hubbub is about over this place. The meat was dry and lacked flavor. It tasted like they bought frozen meat and used that instead of smoking it themselves. I was very disappointed with the food. If you want real bbq, go to Texas.
3	Only one of us went here (expiring groupon...use it or lose it...could only make it for lunch by myself...I'm sure everyone can relate) so it is strictly one persons opinion this time.  My basic review is that the decor was not that great, food was average, and service was not great.  Yet I kinda loved it.  In a weird way I like these places that just seem too stubborn to change with time.  I grew up in a small town and I guess these are places that remind me of that.  They are definitely a dying breed...maybe that's why I'm going so easy on them.The place is easy to find right off a major road and parking is easy.  One important thing to keep in mind is that they are only open for lunch Monday-Wednesday.  Don't show up for dinner on those days...been there done that.  Cost is a little high in my opinion for the quality and quantity you get.  I feel like you can get better BBQ for the money  **cough** Mac's Speed Shop **cough**.   I got the large BBQ combo plate with 7oz of BBQ and 1/4 chicken and 2 sides (mac and cheese, brunswick stew) for like $14.  Hush puppies and the mac and cheese were really good, brunswick stew was good, BBQ and the BBQ chicken were average.  And I thought the portions where a little underwhelming...for almost $15 I only left with 2 small containers of BBQ and mac and cheese as leftovers.I realize my review is borderline awful experience but I could see myself going back possibly.  What can I say, the place has a certain charm to it.  Plus I have eaten there years ago and remember it being pretty good so I try not to poo poo a place based just on one experience.I give it 3 spoons out of 5
2	Neat & clean. The Bbq had a sour background taste. Slaw waaay too pungent. Brunswick stew was only a spoonful & had a slight burned taste. Hushpuppies had a dark flavor. Worst meal I had in months.
5	Classic eastern NC BBQ done right! The best in town no doubt. Great southern hospitality with hush puppies, slaw, sweet tea and banana pudding.  Doesn't get any better. If you are looking for a hip and trendy decor go to some hip and trendy place. If you are looking for down home southern goodness the way it has been done for 50 years and the best in town come to Bill Spoon's.  Great man, great legacy, great food.
3	Solid, whole hog, eastern NC 'Q, which is a rarity west of Raleigh.Extremely crowded at lunchtime. Take note, because this is NOT a large place. Reasonably priced food.Spoon's BBQ is easy to find.It ain't the best BBQ, but it's pretty damned good.
2	Not sure what the big deal is, went today because I got trumped by the coworkers I went to lunch with. Don't wanna bash the place too much as the service was good and that I'm not a 'Carolina' style bbq person. Just can't get with all the vinegar and plus the meat was pretty dry.
4	Yelp ratings were right, this is a solid 4 stars and rising. Their signature dish the Pulled Pork is so moist and delicious. If you like a little more tang you add some of the vinegar dressing thats on the table. You have choices for side dishes. I ordered the Cole Slaw w Mustard (gotta try it!) and Baked Beans. They also have these unusually tasty Hush Puppies that were so good we ordered a 2nd helping. I even ordered the Key Lime pie and thank god I was full or I might have ordered the Bread Pudding to. Me and my Cholestrol like this place so I should be glad I don't live here. I would have to buy more of those "relaxed fit" pants. Great food, service, clean and tremendous value. They are closed by 8 so don't be late! Rock on Bill Spoons, I'm  coming back again some day.
3	This is one of those places that just got it so right the first time, they refused to change... and after how many years now, they still haven't.  You walk in, and are seated by women wearing some really old style outfits, in a dining area that I'm sure is the exact same style now as the day they opened.  This isn't really a complaint, I'm just painting the picture.  I ordered the Best of Both Combo Plate that comes with white chicken (which cost an extra $1) and Pulled Shredded Pork.  And when they say shredded, they mean completely and absolutely pulverized, which I guess is the NC way of doing it, but I was a bit taken back by it at first.The pulled/shredded pork was fantastic, especially with their vinegar-based BBQ Sauce that gives the food a nice tangy-spicy flavor. A+  The chicken on the other hand was very dry, and not the best at all.Also of note, the meal began with some Hush Puppies, and I have to say, best Hush Puppies ever!  Oh, same with the Sweet Tea brought in with the hush puppies, excellent!I did enjoy the meal overall, however I think they'd do well to think about getting a bit more current with things.  There are other things they can be adding to the menu, and maybe think about changing the way you do that chicken...  Just saying, nothing wrong with being retro, as long as you can keep the customers happy, and I think there's a bit more that can be done in terms of satisfying the customer.
3	Fast and friendly service. This is a traditional BBQ joint. Nothing too fancy about the food but it the simplicity that makes this place good. The pulled pork is done right. And with the spicy vinegar based sauce you can't go wrong. All side are homemade and the portion sizes are good for the price. If your in the mood for good Carolina BBQ Bill's has the right idea!
4	During our road trip this past April, I made sure to build in a spot for authentic Carolina style BBQ.  Bill Spoon's won out after some research, and we visited for lunch one sunny afternoon.I, of course, ordered the BBQ platter (BBQ = pork and nothing else) and was not disappointed.  The meat was tender and the sauce was nice and vinegary.  The sides were delicious as well - I ordered the beans and mac and cheese.  We were also brought over some hush puppies, which were warm and crispy.  The place is a step back in time, from the wall paper to the waitresses.  Everything adds to the ambiance of the place, but the real star is the pork.
3	I was in Charlotte for a friend's wedding. Since it was my first time in North Carolina, I couldn't miss the opportunity to try some North Carolina BBQ. I turned to my trusted yelpers and found Bill Spoon's. I ordered their lunch special, which comes with pulled pork, mustard coleslaw, a side, hush puppies and a drink. I found the pork a bit dry. I came with no sauce on it, just plain dry pulled pork. The lady told me to use the watery-looking vinegar bbq sauce, which did not make the pork any more moist. I finally had to ask for the  the thick sauce (the one you normally see at the store). I had to pour a lot in there for the pork to taste not as dry. The mustard coleslaw was really good if you like the taste of yellow mustard. The hush puppies were amazing - perfect golden brown on the outside and moist inside. The sweet tea was awesome and they give it to you in a to-go cup so you can refill it before you leave and take it with you. Overall, maybe I was expecting too much and got disappointed. This was definitely nothing home to write about.
2	With an average review of four stars, I expected A LOT more than what I got.  Anyone that gives this place four or five stars hasn't had killer barbecue food.The pork looked like it has been through a food processor.  It was pulverized down to almost a pulp.  Flavor was pretty good, but definitely not great.  The chicken was good.  Had good flavor and fell right off the bone.  Unfortunately I chose the Mac and Cheese for my side.  Maybe it was cooked two days ago, maybe it was cooked yesterday.  Either way, it definitely wasn't fresh!  The cheese and butter had separated from the pasta completely.  Coleslaw was good, but again, was pulverized down to almost a pulp.  Not sure why the $10 lunch special includes hush puppies, but my $15 combo platter does not.  I went at 12:30pm, why wasn't the lunch special suggested?  On that note, service was definitely fast, but they weren't overly friendly.Definitely better than one star, but three stars would be misleading for the rest of you.
2	My sister was visiting from out of country, and I decided to give her an "American" experience. After reading all the reviews, I decided this would be a great authentic spot. Oh boy... Where we disappointed?!!! The pork was cold and barely warm. I didn't care about the sauce, it was very sour. I know its vinegar base, but it felt like somebody just took some red wine vinegar and poured all over the meat. Mac and cheese seemed that it was sitting in the pan all day long, and the bits and pieces were scraped in my plate. It was greasy, and cheese was clumpy. Gross! The only reason I am giving two stars were hush puppies. They were delicious, and the waitress was super sweet and kept on refilling our baskets. I love little local family dives, but this place was a miss. I was hoping the reason was because we came after 2pm when the lunch crowd was gone, so even though it felt like we were eating last nights leftovers, hopefully it's better during the busy hours.
2	Service was outstanding!  However $12.50 for a "large" pork plate and 2 sides is unacceptable. The meat was moist and tasty but potatoes and Mac/cheese tasted like a middle school cafeteria. Sorry doubt ill be back. Meal only worth $6.99 at the most. Too much $ for lunch even if this place is on TV from time to time
5	Spoons is the best- hands down. I wonder if the folks that don't like it just don't get it. BBQ is simple, tender and finely chopped. Vinegar sauce spices it up. Hush puppies are all you can eat!! Yum- love me some puppies!!Tea is cold and sweet. I've yet to have room for dessert - The history and ambiance round it out nicely to a 5 star BBQ treat!
5	It's simple, satisfying, and reasonably priced. My mouth is still swimming in the tangy taste of vinegar and swine, I can't wait to come back.
5	This was my first visit to Bill Spoons BBQ and here are the reason why this will be a regular place to visit. (I am hard to please...)1. The wait staff are genuinely nice... and not that fake Disney nice. I like it when a server offers a suggestion on what they like. I know, I know, everybody has their tastes but it does help to offer an opinion.2. Comfort food... oh my, tasty hush puppies (handmade I hear), delicious BBQ potatoes (this was new to me), great sides... the list goes on.3. I left out the pulled pork on purpose... it's because it deserves it's own spot. It's simply fantastic!!! I read a few reviews that didn't care for the pork (come on, they are from California... 'nuff said) but I know eastern Carolina "que" and this is a masterpiece. The meat was moist through and through and the quality was great... no weird chunks of meat that didn't belong there... it's as if it was prepared with care. I stand up and applaud Bill Spoon's Restaurant... bravo!!!So, the bottom line, if you want to go out someplace where you want to feel wanted, the food is good, AND the prices reasonable get your butt down there!  ;-)
5	OMG. This is the best BBQ ever. Ole Bill's recipe has no match.  The mac 'n cheese is heaven on earth.
5	Excellent Carolina BBQ. If you like a vinegar based sauce you'll love Bill Spoons. They don't have ribs on the menu but after talking with the family I was informed that they put the rib meat in the shredded pork. You can tell, the shredded pork was great. As far as sides go they're equally as good. The homemade hush puppies are outstanding and the Brunswick stew is amazing! It's hard to find Brunswick stew in the Carolina's and even harder to find good Brunswick stew.The service is great and Bill Spoons is family owned. Perfect example of a local family owned restaurant that takes tremendous pride in their product.
4	Excellent!The BBQ was surprisingly chipped, used to pulled pork (ie chunks) but the flavour was good, especially with the vinegar & regular sauce.The vinegar based (non sweet) cold slaw was the best I've ever had...anywhere...it's that good. Some mystery spice/herb/? in it. Celery root? whatever it was rocked. Same with the onion rings. Super light super crunchy coating. Tea was good & I agree, the hushpuppies were terrific.This isn't a fancy joint by any means, but very solid. Wish I'd had room for the banana pudding, but was stuffed. Maybe next time. Plates do not include toast, or pickles, which I thought was unusual. Maybe I'm the only weirdo that loves making little mini sandwiches with my BBQ.They DO take credit cards, I noticed older reviews saying they didn't.
1	One of the worst BBQ I've ever had! Old and very dry! Service was okay. Wouldnt go back if you payed me $100!
2	Staff was friendly. BBQ can be subjective considering the variety of styles. Our party personally did not enjoy the food. That being said, it does seem to be a popular restaurant in the area.
5	Eastern NC Style whole pig. They have a very good vinegar sauce to go along with the pork. All of their sides are very good. Their slaw is a yellow slaw - meaning mustard -. Their banana pudding one of the best around. If you are looking for ribs, brisket or sausage then you need to look elsewhere. But if you want a good Eastern NC type BBQ experience, this is your place in Charlotte.TIP: Add some of the Vinegar Sauce to your Yellow Slaw. I promise you'll like it.
5	Absolute best BBQ you will find in Charlotte. It's just as good as anything you will find in Lexington. Staff was great. Bought a groupon to try it out and will definitely be returning.
5	We love this place. I grew up in Charlotte and every time my husband and I are back in town we come here. I always get the BBQ plate with slaw and of course hush puppies. The BBQ is a very particular style, Eastern NC, and we haven't found it like this anywhere else in the country. And believe me, we are ALWAYS looking. If you want a drippy red sweet sauce, you won't like it. It's vinegar based, which we love. The service is fast and friendly. The hush puppies can't be beat. The Mac & Cheese isn't great, so I wouldn't get that (not really any flavor, mushy). But I love everything else. I will be back over and over and over.
4	Great lunch spot for some great sweet tea and some BBQ.  I always get a BBQ sandwich, but my dilemma is always what to order for a side.  Mac and cheese or fries.  Such a tough decision.  Both are great.Pro tip: Don't eat all the hushpuppies before your meal gets there, I know you want to.
5	We were on our way from MD to Hilton Head. I have made it a point to visit BBQ on road trips. The reason we chose Bills's was because it all homemade and the unique yellow slaw (mustard & vinegar base). For us, to experience authentic NC pulled pork BBQ (they cook the whole pig:) with the yellow slaw combo was the best part. Followed by the amazing banana pudding, which is a must. Bill's is as close to walking back in time as anyone can hope for. Expect fast pace, plastic cups and lots of napkins.
5	Consistently the best barbecue in the area and the only Eastern NC style cue around.  I've been dining there for 20+ years and absolutely love every trip to Spoons.  The cue is consistently excellent.  Every batch I've had has been top notch.  It's cooked fresh daily.  The place itself is very plain and simple.  Wooden chairs and simple tables with plastic table cloths.  Great tea!  Staff is friendly and efficient.Top items include:  the cue itself, the slaw--mustard base and it's tangy and tasteful, Brunswick Stew--always consistent and tasty, hush puppies, tea, banana pudding.  Their fries are OK.  I've never tried the chicken.  There are other BBQ places up and down South Blvd as well as over on South Tryon, etc. but none can hold a candle to the actual barbecue at Spoons.
3	Loved the chopped pork bbq and vinegar sauce...it's the kind of mushy pork I remember from the road trips of my youth. The sides we good, and on the smallish size, but not anything that wowed me.
5	Visiting from CT and we stopped here because of the raving reviews. Man, the service was phenomenal. Delicious sweet tea and amazing hush puppies that are constantly refilled so they're fresh. Their house made BBQ sauce is really great too. They have ribs now too but honestly just the pork BBQ that's pulled is much better. Very filling and great meal.
5	One of the last old school restaurants in Charlotte.  Up until the Montford takeover, I would go to the old smokehouse for my Que fix.  Now Bill Spoons is where its at.  Fantastic service, friendly greeting and they make you feel like a regular even if your not.  Dont expect an extravagant menu.  Chicken, pork and one fish item.  But heck, if you expected more then you obviously cannot appreciate the old fashion BBQ establishments.  Enjoy it! It is nothing short of down home greatness.Ps.  They have eastern and western nc sauce and the counter lady is great.  As I am deciding on my sides she steps back and verbally puts my order in minus the sides so it will be working and I can leave faster.  Like duh, everybody should do that, but they dont.Its official. "Best onion rings in Charlotte!"  Sweet Vidalia onions, cut thick, hand breaded and crunchy. But not crunchy batter wise, crunchy onion!   Cooked just right.  I dare you to prove me wrong, these are the best in Charlotte.
4	Lucky enough to run into Mama Spoon for my first visit, and even though my husband and I were splitting a rack of ribs, she insisted that we try the pulled pork, mac and cheese and collard greens, and sent complimentary samples to the table. It was some of the best mac and cheese that I've had in Charlotte.I'm a Northerner and used to red tangy sauce on my ribs, not .the truly dry rub Spoons uses. But the pulled pork (what Carolinians call barbecue) was absolutely delicious. And that vinegar and pepper sauce? Goes great on everything. I'll be back--for the bbq and the super friendly service.
