5	I was looking for a non-pretentious place to casually drink wine in a "non-threatening" environment.  I finally found it. Far from old town Scottsdale and the typical fake folks that peruse places like Olive & Ivy, Centro is a small, dark, and (best of all) quiet place to sit with your friends and actually have a conversation.The menu... fresh paninis. About 10 or so to choose from. They're made fresh on the spot. There's a good selection of wine and also some interesting beers. Centro won't break your pocketbook either. Especially on "Wino Wednesdays".There are 2.5 parking spots dedicated to Centro, right in front. If these are filled, there's oodles of parking on the calm street just outside. Ladies, this is also a great place to hang if you just want to be left alone from men constantly hitting on you and trying to get in your pants! The clientele seems to be educated, respectful, well-rounded, young (20s-40s) people. A nice break from your typical Scottsdalian scene.
4	My brother recommended this place to us and have been back several times since that first visit.  It is easy to miss, but just find Handlebar J's and look to the right!It is a very laid back & classy place that has a calm and relaxed feel to it.  The staff is always very friendly and attentive.  We stopped there the other night and enjoyed a pitcher of Sangria...it was the perfect drink for a hot summer night.  Try it as a place to meet before you head out for the night...or even for a late night snack.Have eaten there plenty of times and have enjoyed all the apps. & sandwiches that we have ordered.  Not a super big place..it can be randomly busy.
5	I noticed I haven't reviewed since July and I have no excuse!  I have been going to Centro since last fall and it is my favorite wine bar and no one has reviewed this place since the summer.I love this place.  It is a little hidden but I like it that way.  Like it is all to yourself.  KC Kucera is the new owner and such a nice guy.  No seriously, a nice guy.  His presence lights up the room with his huge smile and with the guy next door demeanor.  Come and check out Centro Paninoteca! This is in a great location on the Northwest corner of Scottsdale and Shea.  Behind Jack in the Box and next door to Handlebar J.  Great wine list, Full bar and menu until 2 a.m. Friendly staff and great atmosphere. Definitely the neighborhood hang out.
5	I recently 'discovered' Centro recently (recommended by a friend) - and found it to be a very comfortable, relaxed setting.  A great place to visit and meet friends.  The wines have been excellent as has the food.  The food is created in their small kitchen in view of the bar (be patient as it may take some time!), and everything I have tried has been excellent.Every time I go in there I enjoy myself - great staff, great wine, great food - very casual and easy going (just my speed!).
5	This is a casual wine bar with surprisingly good food.  The place is small and dimly lit -- very cozy.  The bartender/ waiter suggested a cabernet from Spain? which I thoroughly enjoyed.  I also had a chicken panini with sweet potato chips.  The food can take a while, but I realize that this is a bar, not a restaurant, so it is OK.  And the sandwich was really good!  Bottomline, Centro is a quiet/intimate place to relax and catch up with friends.
4	Thanks Trish for planning tonight's UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) at Centro Paninoteca, and thanks Casey, Steve, and Jody for taking such great care of our group!What a pleasure to sit outside and enjoy wine and live music (from David "Axis of Ebel" E) and to hang with a good sized group of yelpers!I wasn't feeling 100% so I didn't partake in the appetizers or panini sandwiches but based on the appearance of the plates and delighted expressions from those who did, I'll have to return for sure!I'll update my review at that point... if you didn't make it tonight, it seems that every Wednesday is Wino Wednesday at CP - you can't beat the unpretentious atmosphere and $5 glasses of wine!
4	What a cute little place! I never would've found it without a Yelp UYE (tiny little thing next to Handlebar J's) but glad I did. It's so cozy and truly unpretentious in spite of a pretty good wine selection! A highlight was the turkey and green chile pannini (I sorta built my own... a twist on the ham offering which they graciously obliged.) and the sweet potato chips were a nice compliment.
4	Cute Cute Cute! I really like this little place! I'm a big fan of wine bars that are small and unpretentious. I attended the UYE organized by Trish and I was so happy I did! For dinner, I ordered the Caprese Panini that boasted a LARGE tomato, basil, and mozzarella. I asked to add prosciutto and they were very happy to oblige. Each and every person that I spoke to on the staff was friendly and conversational. I really like that. I will certainly visit Centro again! I would love to try some of their other paninis!
2	I live around 6 blocks away & have never noticed! even driving by you will likely miss it: very tucked away, tiny & hidden.  Small & dark inside, little 'patio' sandwiched btwn 2 buildings.  Very limited wine choices. Seems to be a big draw with regards to staying open till 2am? (I must be old, not a selling point 4 me).  Staff & Owner very nice, but sorry, just no atmosphere happening here to entice me back?  All & all, no particular cons, nor any pros to rant nor rave about here.... sigh....
4	I found this on yelp and what a great wine bar! I went here last night after work with friends and we shared a bottle of wine and had sandwiches. It was so good can't remember either name of the wine or food.It was very small inside which made it cozy.
5	The live music on Thursday night brought in quite a fun crowd - lots of fun as it always is at Centro - which is a problem as it draws me back in there more and more often!!
4	When I go here, I generally tend to show up on week nights. It's got a good feel that's both relaxed and intimate. You can hold a conversation over surprisingly well-priced wine. It's obvious that this place is the owner's passion project (I've heard it's the same owner of Delux). He/She probably thought , "Panini's plus wine equals cool," and they were right. What really works about this place is that the food is as good as the wine you can order. Added to that is the pricing of everything. You can stop by for a good late night bite and eat/drink stuff that you'd normally have to open a vein to pay for.
5	I have been to Centro over the last 3 or 4 months, at least 8 times. Each time I come away thinking I will not be back soon enough. Casey and his good friends make you feel like an old friend. All well heeled in the wine area and with the delicious Panini's, what is not to love. Excellent music too!It is as good as it gets for a small comfortable neighborhood hang out. Period.
5	Love this place.  Small neighborhood feel.  Great wine selection and the food is yummy.  Casey is the best at making you feel right at home.  You can't go wrong here!!  We had a group in a couple of weeks ago and the appetizers, wine and service? Outstanding!
4	4.5: The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the location. The view from the patio is pretty much parking lot and the backs of buildings. But, holy cow! The wine selection is VERY good. The staff are friendly and helpful and make excellent suggestions (thanks for the zinfandel tip! YUMMM). The prices are fair too!And, as much as I love green chile, my new fave is the fig and gorgonzola app. Still a pannini... I didn't know blue cheese could get that creamy when it melted!Man, I wish this place was closer... I'll still be back!
4	When Christina P entrusted me with choosing the location for some good wine, good food, and good company, it was like choosing the location for my Last Supper. I used to drive up and down the same main street in Flagstaff for an hour before settling on one of only about 5 choices.  I did finally settle on Centro Paninoteca due to some positive Yelp reviews.  I was startled at how small it is upon walking in, once I found it tucked in off the street.  But I like small and comfortable and this fits the bill perfectly.  Unfortunately my first 3 wine choices were not available as the wine list is outdated.  But rest assured, I did end up with a drink in hand.  In fact, I had a drink in my other hand, too.We ordered the fig and gorgonzola appetizer and were surprised it was a pannini, but man that was good.  The gorgonzola melted into almost a cream sauce and the the sweetness of the fig was the perfect complement to a blue cheese.  Not to mention, it's pretty good with the wine, too.  We also shared a roasted ham and provolone pannini.  The addition of roasted green chiles added the spiciness I have to have in almost every meal.Since my husband is not a wine drinker, we usually don't go to wine bars, but I was happy to report to him they have a full bar and he can go comfortably in his finest t-shirt and flip flops.  Centro Paninoteca may just give me a reason to venture north of Indian Bend after all.
2	At first thought I would have given this place 3 stars, then I actually thought about the service and dropped it down 1 star. The food is pretty good, nothing special though. The prosciutto and mozzarella was pretty good and I kind of liked the chicken parm panini, but I definitely thought the amount of chicken on the sandwich was stingy. The price isn't high so there are your 3 stars. Here is your review on service, SUCKED. I walked in and the waitress/hostess/bartender said hello and walked away. Then a couple minutes later she remembered that her job is to get people to a table so she told me to sit anywhere. She also was able to bring me chips instead of the side salad that was ordered and somehow I needed to turn my entire body around and stare at her to let her know I wanted to order something. She also brought my date the wrong drink, which was supposed to be cider, but instead my date took a big sip of an ale which she thought was gross. I am surprised looking back that I didn't give her a 10% tip. I wanted to like this place, it's in walking distance from where I live, but the brain dead waitress was able to convince me to never go back again.
5	Thanks Casey we had a Blast!!!I would recommend writing down your email list before you tip out the waitor at this Wine Bar/Resturant - they will let you know about the wine tasing nights. Oh, the Bar Crawl winds down at this Wine Bar. Ask to sample with Casey if he is in!
5	My boyfriend and I attended the Tuesday Tea Party pub crawl last week and had so much fun. The event starts @ 6 PM. every Tuesday @ Eli's. Drink specials and appetizers are provided at each location. After 45 minutes someone blows a whistle and then you move to the next location. Next on the list is Handle BarJ. My first time at this well known Country Western Spot. Then we move on to one of my favorite spots. Centro Paninoteca. Casey, Justin and Clinton hustling drinks and food for around 50 people is no easy task. After 45 minutes we hear the whistle and move over to Chop Wok/Wok Star. This place is not for the faint at heart. Tattoo lovers, bikers and rockers are welcome. Great music and vibe! We drank Pabst on draft! Next the crawl ends back at Eli's for a drawing. You receive raffle tickets at Centro and there is a drawing for the end of the event for gift certificates to local businesses. Tomorrow there will be entertainment by Axis of Ebel. Guitarist Dave Ebel will be performing from 7:30-9:30 pm. I'll be there! If you want to see all the pics go to facebook and look up Centro Paninoteca. Good times!
2	I have to add to Andrew's review.....I just can't believe the things that happened!!Yes the app was good.  The entree was good too, but there were bites of just bread with no chicken in the panini.  It definitely would have been better with more chicken!But the girl working here is one of the worst waitress/bartender/hostesses EVER!When we walked in, she didn't even sit us.  We stood there forever waiting until she finally told us to seat ourselves.  We went outside since there was nothing left inside.  It was too hot outside so we came back in and figured we'd sit at the bar.  Luckily a nice guy noticed us looking around and let us sit at the end of his table that he moved apart since his whole party didn't show up for dinner.I was so excited when I saw they had cider on their menu!  And not just one, but two that I like!  Wyder's Pear Cider and Strongbow!!  I ordered a Wyder's.  After I finished it and asked for another, she said they were out of them.  Okay, so I ordered a strongbow.  She came back and poured it into a glass for me.  When I took a drink it was disgusting!!  It was Boddington's!!!!  When I finally got her attention away from flirting with a man sitting at the bar to ask her for the correct drink, she told me they were out of Strongbow too!  How are you out of both drinks??  You're a restaurant.  Shouldn't it be stocked?  You're right across from a BevMo for god's sake!When we ordered our food, he ordered the app.  Then I ordered my entree and she walked away!  She didn't even get his order!!!!  We figured it was probably for the best.  We'd split the app and the entree and eat less.  Stupid of the waitress to lose money that way, but whatever.When she brought my food, she didn't bring the correct things.  How hard is it to remember?  She had maybe 4 tables to take care of!  Maybe if she stopped texting while she's behind the bar on her cell phone or if she'd stop having a conversation with the guy at the bar, maybe she could have done her job a little better.
5	Centro is a hidden little gem. Tucked away in corner of Scottsdale and Shea, it is a great place to have a relaxing drink or worldy glass of wine. The food is great and hits the spot and more importantly it is served until 2am. The crowd is a great mix and always warm and friendly. The servers are always genuine and make for a very warm, welcoming experience. I've met the owner, Kasey, a few times and he is always so gracious and shows a consistent interest in making sure that my experience is steller. We need more places like this in Scottsdale. Good food, great service, accomodating hours, and steller energy and atmosphere. Keep it up Centro, you are keeper! I'll be back!
3	Sooo... I really like this place.  I like the laid back music, I like the dim lighting (hey, I am getting to "that" age and heck, I can use all the help I can get!), I like the food....and they have some cool events with wine. Their salmon carpacio is really good and I love love love their panini with grilled gorgonzola and figs.  Delish!   Plus, they are open til 2 which is nice for those late nights after you are somewhere else and you want a tasty nosh.   But I have to tell ya,  honestly there are a few drawbacks.  I guess no place is perfect (sigh).  First off, some of the bartenders are a little how do I say this... dingy.  As in having a problem handling the bar and the few tables they have.  Either that or those guys at the bar were waaay more interesting or tipped waay more than she thought my companion and I would.  Second:  I wish wish wish that they would jush up their patio.  I mean, come ON!  A few plants would go a long way.. maybe invest in a couple better used tables from the myriad restaurants that have gone down memory lane lately.  There is just no personality on the outside.  Also, and I found this one out the hard way, if you stay in the bathroom too long, the light goes off.  Now I personally  don't think I am a high maintenance chick, but maybe I have to rethink that as I couldn't figure out how to get the light back on.  Open the door?  What?  Not sure...One interesting positive, at least for me, is that this cool little restaurant is next door to Handlebar Js, a western restaurant that has been there longer than dirt.  It is pretty easy to figure out who is going to which restaurant for sure.  So sometimes it is fun to pop in next door for a little culture shock and great country western.Centro is definitely another great little date place.  You need a few of those to keep a low profile right?
5	Very laid back, great wine selection, great music and friendly staff. I just moved to this neighborhood and only went one time, but think this will be my new spot.
5	Haven't had the pleasure of visiting Centro for 6 months.  (Moved to NYC and this was my first trip back.) Casey continues to be warm and engaging.  The panini is really really good (bread is perfect) and his recommendation on the wine, excellent!  Another wonderful evening in the best atmosphere.  Small and great ambiance.
2	I've only been there once but I dug the hole in the wall feel, the very dim lighting, ever changing music (from soft rock and jazz to salsa and brass), copper floors, candelabras and the swanky bathroom. But, the bathroom was really the only part that was posh. New pedestal sink, mirrors of varying sizes on multiple walls, cubbies and a couch that could seat 3 women. Yes, a couch. In a one person bathroom.I had a beer, which is a typical choice for me, but I didn't see anything on the menu that I wouldn't be able to get in a pub, large brew house or a restaurant that has dozens of choices. I didn't order any food and unlike other reviewers my table had fast and friendly service, but then one of my table mates knew the bartender/owner so I think that helped.I think something that inhibits this place from being a larger local hang out is there is barely any parking (only two spots out front) and the place can hold probably 15 people? If you're looking for a small and quiet place to go this would be it, but if you're a group larger than four I'd recommend going somewhere else.
4	I got to hang out with my girls Rachel and Amy on Tuesday night at this cute little wine bar that I didn't even know existed. Its tucked away on a corner off of Becker Ln right before Shea. Justin was taking care of us behind the bar and he was very knowledgeable with the wines and the food pairings. Plus I got to meet the owner Casey who was a sweetie as well. We started off with the Gorgonzola and fig appetizer (yummy) and I had the grilled cheese sandwich that came with these chips that had a nice little bite to them. Top that off with a nice glass of Cab and I was a happy woman. There was a band playing that night and they were quite good. I feel bad because I do not remember their names, but they did do a good job. My only complaints were that the woman's bathroom, although clean, didn't smell very good and the fact that your credit card number prints on the receipt. The credit card thing bothers me the most with all the identity theft that has been going on so I hope that that changes soon. All in all, great place to go to grab a glass of wine and some good food, especially after hours as they are open from 5pm to 2am.
3	Centro Paninoteca in Scottsdale is a wine bar concept with tasty menu and an excellent wine list that's all well priced. But in this case, you can't have your cake and eat it too.At Paninoteca it's all about trade-offs. The service is friendly, but ditsy and confused. The food is really good, but the kitchen runs at a snail's pace.When we visited, apparently there was one only cook, not good if you're looking for a quick bite. However, we were told a few times by staff members that the kitchen was running slow, so kudos for communication.Decor is home grown, with the space being mostly lit by a flat panel TV next to the bar. It's not really the sexy vibe you'd expect from a wine bar. The faint musty smell of mildew lingered in the air, but the outdoor dining area will remedy this issue.More than making up for the restaurant's shortcomings is the food. The Crustini ($9.50) was covered with imported chevre, slow roasted tomatoes, Parmesan and olive oil. Each tangy bite paired well with my glass of Starry Night Old Vine Zin ($12). Served open faced, the Grilled Gorgonzola and Fig on Sourdough ($10) also made an excellent choice with my wine selection.For lighter fare, Centro offers a handful of generously sized salads. Prosciutto & Shaved Parmesan ($10), with its mixed greens, shaved prosiutto and parmesan, olive oil and balsamic vinegar, was balanced and fresh. Getting a similar balsamic treatment, the Caprese Salad ($10) has slices of fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil, then gets a nice drizzle of olive oil.Centro is all about the pressed sandwiches or panini, with a dozen to choose from. The Chicken Panini ($10.50) was meaty and tender, with its marinated grilled chicken breast cooked perfectly. Adorning this sandwich were roasted red peppers, stringy fresh mozzarella, roasted tomato, baby arugula and pesto mayo.Essentially a grilled cheese, Lulu's Press ($9) may sound ordinary, but the Vermont yellow, white cheddar, jack cheese and tomato were all top quality you could taste.After tasting the tomato sauce on the Chicken Parmesan Panini ($10.50), I felt it was a little too sweet, though that's as bad as the food gets at Centro.My favorite of the evening was the Roast Beef Panini ($10.50). Thinly sliced roast beef, roasted red peppers, provolone, baby arugula, dijon mustard and a creamy horseradish just popped with flavor. I would order this one again.Dessert comes in only one choice, Tiramisu ($7.50), but after a two-hour dinner we called it a night and skipped this one.At the end of a review I ask myself: Would I ever go back? Who could say no to such tasty food?
5	This is a really cute little joint. If you're looking for an ultra cozy spot to grab dinner and enjoy a glass or two of good wine this is your place. They have a small patio, full bar, and a few indoor tables. Friendly staff help you feel at home right away. It's located on the NW corner of Scottsdale & Shea next to "Handlebar J's".
3	The caprese panini was fabulous and I added chicken breast that was considerately sliced thin so as not to take away from the other flavors. We followed up with the tiramisu  - the best I've had in a long time.* We even decided to drench it in Kaluha which added to the decadence.*Note: I don't eat deserts very often. The reason for the lower than 4 or even 5 rating: the wine was served way too warm. And to that point, their A/C wasn't working very well so it was barely tolerable. My girlfriend had to put her hair up to keep from melting. But the server was more than happy to cool my wine for a few minutes in the fridge. :)
4	My husband and I were staying at a resort not too far from this place and I found a good deal on a savings certificate online, so we decided to check it out for dinner. The space is pretty small -- maybe 8 tables or so inside, and a small patio. When we got there around 6:30p, we were the only ones there (on a Friday evening) which I thought was awkward, but it was what it was. I guess maybe it gets busier later. Anyway, we had to order $25 worth of food with our certificate, which was rather difficult to do because their menu is so reasonably priced! We got a large bowl of olives, a cheese platter, two drinks, and two paninis. Everything was excellent! The appetizers were rather large, so I was pretty full by the time the sandwiches came out, but that didn't stop me from overdoing it on the sandwich.I will definitely be returning --- just maybe a little later in the evening.
4	The bruschetta is great. The bread is toasted and is of excellent consistency; crispy, but also light. This bruschetta does not rock your teeth like a motherfucker. I hate biting in to bruschetta only to injure my teeth on the rock hard bread. Fuck that noise.Anyhow, I throughly enjoyed the chicken and veggie paninis. The lulu press was awesome. To top that off the service was very friendly and attentive.
3	I was a little surprised when I walked in as I wasn't expecting it to be a hole-in-the-wall bar. But the food did not disappoint.  We had the salmon carpaccio and Medi Panini.  Both were delicious. Service was very slow though.  Food came out quick but our waiter rarely checked in on use and always stood 2 tables away, which was odd.
3	Yum! Who doesn't like a good panini? Thanks again to Groupon, got to try out a place I wouldn't have normally sought out. Thank you too to the Yelpers for the advice on its location. Definately tucked in next to Handlebar Jay's.Went on a late Sunday evening, super slow. Very nice and casual bartender who also ended up being our cook and server. Out of a few things we wanted to try (the gorgonzolla/fig app) which was a bummer but his recommendations made up for it. Ended up having the goat cheese & slow roasted tomatoes crustini. YUM!!! I had the chicken panini, date had itallian press. Both were enjoyed and had leftovers for the next day. Made a special trip across town for this place. I would go back but just wish it were closer.
3	I met a couple friends at Centro Paninoteca last night after one discovered a coupon for it. Tucked away on the NW corner of Shea & Scottsdale Rd, I never would have known it existed. I'd describe it a hole-in-the-wall wine bar - which is a good thing! Cute little place with a patio outside and a bar and a few tables inside. Centro seemed to have a decent selections of wines. They also have a pretty extensive menu - lots of apps and paninis. I tried the "grilled cheese panini" which had fresh mozarella, roasted tomatoes, proscuitto, and greens and was served with a mixed greens salad on the side. The salad had a nice balsamic vinaigrette and was topped with some roasted red peppers. Very friendly service and the bartender was knowledable about the wines, but as more and more people came in, we were a little less attended to.  I'll still go back, but it did bump them down a star for me. Note: you can't apply coupons to happy hour, which is the case in most restaurants I've had coupons for. If you're looking for an unpretentious little wine bar with reasonable prices in North Scottsdale, definitely head to Centro.
4	We arrived right at 5pm (opening time) last Friday evening and there were already 3 people there waiting to get in. it filled up pretty quickly from then on. Food was great, staff was friendly and the wine was flowing nicely. The space was a little small but we knew that before we went so we weren't bothered by it. We will definitely be back. maybe on the patio next time.
4	In the 3 years I've been living in Scottsdale, Centro has become one of our favorite neighborhood establishments. 1st off, the staff and Casey are great people, it hosts a very welcoming environment. They have good selection of wine (wine by the glass specials on Wednesday), great panini's and usually have live music on Friday evening. Nothing too crazy, generally singer/songwriter stuff, a man and his guitar. Keep in mind this place is not very big, a handful of tables along with bar seating inside, and about 10 tables on their patio. All in all, recommend this place to most. Good people, good drinks, good food, great place to start or finish an evening, hell, great place to spend the entire evening, Lord knows I've done it many times....
