1	Hygienist said that it would cost an extra $90 to clean my teeth. I left and went back to my old dentists' office at Family Dentistry (next to Fry's) and they performed the cleaning with no extra charge. The hygienist was extra pushy and refused to do the standard cleaning. Also I was having extreme pain in my gum and the dentist could not determine what was wrong; dentist wrote me a referral to go to an oral surgeion. Again I went to Family Dentistry and they found a laceration in my gum and prescribed me the appropriate medication - dentist there said there was no need to go to an oral surgeon.I had high hopes for this dental office but they fell WAY short of expectations. I DO NOT recommend this place.
5	Great place if you want a dentist that you can trust to do great work without the pain usually associated with getting your teeth worked on. Dr. Garrett does a great job. He has great bedside manners, friendly without talking your ear off. I've felt like I can trust his recommendation to be just the right amount work needed on my teeth to keep them healthy. The staff is also great, friendly and helpful. Since I left high school and the dentist I had all growing up I haven't had a dentist I would recommend to anyone until we found Mtn Shadows and Dr. Garrett.
5	Dr. Garrett is a great dentist.  I was surprised to see a negative review for Dr. Garrett.  When you look at what PJ M wrote, it looks like they just want their dentist to ignore problems and tell them nothing is wrong.  When a dentist or hygienist as honest as Dr. Garrett says you need more than a usual teeth cleaning it's because you have gum disease developing.  When a dentist refers you to an oral specialist it's because it could be cancer and they're doing what's best for the patient.  Sounds like the negative reviewer prefers his old dentist who ignores potentially big problems.  Sad.
1	I feel sorry for anyone who has ever had work done here. I have never had a cavity in my life and am now in my late 20s. I decided to give Dr. Garrett a try. He told me I needed seven fillings which really surprised me since I had been to another dentist six months prior and had no concerns. I went back to another (more trusted) Dentist, they did X-rays and surprise, no cavities. This very same thing happened to my GF, she went to Dr. Garrett and oddly enough she needed seven fillings as well. Unfortunately she had four of them filled only to find out that she really had no cavities in the first place after having x-rays at another office. Also, they did a bunch of work that my insurance did not cover on a routine cleaning without my knowledge. Be cautious, especially if you are told you need seven fillings.....can't you see the dark shadows on the x-ray? Office is being reported.
