5	One of the most satisfying restaurant experiences my wife and I have had in a long time. We were so pleased with the atmosphere, cleanliness, friendliness, service, and of course, the amazing food. Prices are very reasonable and portions are enormous. We will definitely be back very soon.
4	Very good, traditional Arizona Mexican food. The restaurant is clean and well decorated (Mexico-style colors) with a very nice landscape mural over a couple of walls (I understand it was a well-known graffiti artist). The tables are 4 person tables that could easily be combined. It's in the strip mall adjacent to the Peoria Theater, and has some room to grow. I can easily see it as the destination after a trip to the theater.  The food was very good, with very large portions. I'm a big eater, but was stuffed with a chimichanga (they come enhilada style). My wife had the carne asada torta and really enjoyed. The rice was unique - not typical of the chili flavored spanish rice in most places, but more of a dirty rice with bits of vegetable, etc. It was very good, and a nice change. For dessert we shared a deep fried cheescake. My wife enjoyed it so much she's bringing a daughter back for the cheescake in a few days for her birthday.  The prices are pretty much in the sub-$10 range for entrees, and the portions are large enough you can take some home for tommorrow's lunch.  So, we're adding this one to the few mexican food restaurants that we frequent.
5	I love this place Great authentic Mexican  food good atmosphere have to have the Queso Dip and beef tocos are the bomb!!! Right next to the new Center for the Performing arts in downtown Peoria I would highly recommend this restaurant
5	I just finished my entree and am trying to think of anything negative to say but I've got nuthin'!  The food was fantastic, the service was good and the value was excellent for the amount food. I couldn't finish my plate and that's rare! The last six bites were taken simply because the food was so good and still in front of me. I was nowhere near hungry at that point. We will be back and I highly recommend this place.
5	Awesome food and proportions.  Great service!  For under $10 you get a Baja chicken chimichanga meal with rice and beans.  The chimichanga is as big as the plate.  You can taste that the beans and rice are homemade.  Try the churros with vanilla ice Cream and a caramel sauce that is out of this world.   Can't say enough good about this place.
5	Best bean dip. Best Mexican food on the west side as far as we are concerned. The prices were fantastic and the portions were huge. Our service was WONDERFUL! We will be making this one of our go to places.
4	This place was really clean, spacious and inviting.  HUGE portions of AMAZING food, and yet somehow I didn't go home with leftovers... definitely recommend the chicken enchiladas and the churros with ice cream and carmel for des
5	Oh my gosh, the chimi w/ baja is the best ever!  You also get it with beans and rice, they are both awesome. Enough for 2 to eat. The sauce they serve on the chimi is so good and the chicken inside is so flavorful.  I try to stay away from fried foods, but this will have to be the exception.  I have also had the green chili burro and my husband likes the combo plates.  Everything was really good. This is now my favorite mexican restaurant.  Still like Carolina's for eating fast food, but this place is a winner.  We have been here 4 times now, once just to try the deserts because we never have any room.  We had deep fried ice cream, churros, and the flan.  They were all as good as it gets.  The churros is a little hard to eat (it is crispy) with the ice cream, but worth the effort.  I was born in NJ, my parents were raised in NYC, but I have been eating mexican food for over 40 years.  My favorite foods are hot and spicy and this place fits the bill for me.  They have a side with a bar that I believe will be opening soon.We have been back often.  We visit about twice a month now.  We also went in one night just to try the deserts. The flan and churros were a hit.
5	Very very good Albondigas Soup! Yum...FYI, we almost drove by, it only says AZ Kitchen Mexican cafe, we were looking for Ayala's but it's not on the sign.
5	Great fresh tasting mexican food.  I always say you can tell how good the food is going to be by the chips and salsa.  This place has both fresh chips and salsa with a lot of fresh ingredients along with a variety of entrees, just what Peoria needed.
5	We read reviews but did not read when  the review were posted .   They were old.They just opened under new management.  When we pulled up front only one other couple was in there.  We thought "o Boy".Went  inside and was impressed how clean it was, the murals on the walls are worth going to see.  They told us they were sprayed painted with a can of spray paint by the top state graffiti artist.  We enjoyed looking at them while waiting for our food.They do not have a liquor licence yet as we could not order a beer which we all knows goes with Mexican food.The food came out and it was delicious.  I have not had a good shredded beef taco like that in a long time.  They use regular corn tortilla instead of store bought one. It was not greasy.  The cheese enchilada  was full of cheese and the sauce was different than what I usually get at a Mexican restaurant but it was good.Everyone in our party enjoyed everything they ordered and would come back again.Maybe by then they will have a Liquor Licence :)
1	Would NEVER eat here again. My wife, sister-in-law and I all ate here last night. The service was great, and the food seemed to taste okay... About 6 hours later, all 3 of us were puking our guts out. The only thing that we all had in common was the meat, beans, and rice.I called in and talked to a manager "Steve" the next morning, and he didn't sound concerned at all, the first words out of his mouth were, "We served that all day long and our health inspections and sanitation practices are excellent." Not and "I'm sorry" or let me look into this at all. He was more concerned about covering his rear end. I would avoid this place...
2	Good salsa and chips.I enjoyed my Machaca, but everything else was below average in flavor. I expected more given the reviews.
5	The food here is great! Huge portions and great quality. Not the usual AZ Mexican restaurant. I will definitely be making this a regular stop. Our server Emily is fantastic. She's very attentive and went out of her way to make sure everything was perfect. Next time I'm going to save some room for their delicious looking desserts.
5	Not sure what Bonnie expected after she wrote, "not much content."  We eat here about twice a month and they don't skimp.  As you can see from my previous review, there are enough for me to eat at least 2 meals. I am over 6' tall and I don't eat light a bird either.  We had the Mexican pizza for the second time now.  Whoa, it has two tortillas with toppings piled about 2" high. I love that it has a whole olive on each slice, and a bunch of guacamole. My husband and I shared for a meal dinning in and took half home to share for another meal at home.  THAT IS 4 portions.  It comes with 8 slices, so it could easily be an appetizer for 8 people.
2	We figured we would try some new Mexican food places around here and see if there was anything we were missing. So far, not missing a thing. Unfortunately the food tasted store bought and right out of the can or jar. We also went on a weekend night around dinner time and at most there were 3 tables eating. So it felt like everyone else already knew this wasn't the place to be. On the bright side, the servers were very polite, but that doesn't make up for the lack of quality products. We each had chicken and I also tried the shredded and ground beef. All meats just didn't taste fresh and we will not be eating here again. Time to try the next place!
5	Excellent. In town for a week and ate here several times. This is the spot to get a fix!
5	Excellent authentic Mexican food! Great portions, friendly service. I really liked the Spanish Steak.
5	The wife and I love Mexican food so tonight since our normal place is closed Mondays thought we would try az kitchen.  It was great a family owned place from the start the greeter held the door open for us we sat down and were served with chips and salsa right away both salsas were very good, I ordered a chicken chimichanga and my wife ordered beef tacos both were very good. We're definitely going back and I'd recommend this place to everyone!
2	Mural an interesting mix of Monument Valley and Mars-scape, but no music, dull eating atmosphere, except for the sweet accommodating server, and we were only customers on a Sunday, Jan. 26, 2014.Warm tortilla chips were the highlight but the salsas were nothing special.The plates arrived steaming hot--probably heated in the oven--which I appreciated as I like the food kept hot.The shredded beef chimi for 7.50 for lunch was covered with a bland gray/brown gravy-like sauce and when I asked what kind it was I was told it was a "green chili sauce," but it sure wasn't green and it did not entice me to eat it, but I did and it tasted like it looked. The chimi was nicely crisped and not greasy, the filling flavorless but a good quality of tender meat.  I scraped off the gravy and replaced it with salsa which helped. As the plate cooled, the sauce congealed and added to the unappetizing appearance.My companion had the machaca burrito enchilada style with beans and seemed to enjoy it because it "wasn't too hot." I shall not return. Definitely not worth the money for a chimi with a sauce that shimmies....
1	It was 2pm and the owner was on his computer in the dining room (uhh they make offices for that stuff), but this was Peoria and the town is not exactly brimming with good food options and I was on a lunch time crush. The town has alot of those annoying, "we close at 2pm restaurants" So, I took a chance and was the only person eating in the place at this time. They only have about seven choices in the lunch special category and once they said that they only use DARK meat chicken, I should have hit the road. These establishments are saving money by not wanting to serve more expensive products. The chips and salsa came out first and the chunky salsa looked like it was ortega with green onions tossed in there, but the darker thin sauce was at least pretty good and the top layer of the chips were crunchy and fresh. The food though went downhill. The sour cream green sauce ground beef enchilada was a disaster, although for some reason I did not mention this to the nice owners when I normally would have a comment. I told him it was "not bad" It was not a sour cream sauce, it was a lob of sour cream tossed onto the food and the green sauce was not present or was tasteless. The ground beef fell into a the tasteless category as well, no seasoning or flavor and the tortillas were not helping much either. Nice staff, but not good mexican food.
5	Best restaurant flan I've ever had! The green chili burrito was great too. Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Great food, friendly, clean, good service!
1	This was the worst restaurant I have ever been to.The food has no flavor, the red enchilada sauce was brown.The wait staff was horrible . The waitress asked how everything was and when we said horrible she kept walking.  . Save your money.
4	This is a nice mom and pop type restaurant. We arrived shortly after opening on a Sunday morning and were the only people in the restaurant. The waitress was friendly and offered us suggestions when we asked. We went with a green chili cheese crisp and a chicken chimichanga. Both were very good. I really liked the cheese crisp and that we were asked if we liked it soft or crispy - crispy all the way!I like the current decor but I think that they could soften some areas by hanging curtains or valances in the doorways or from the ceiling in the back to block the server area. Otherwise everything was very good and I would be happy to try Ayala's again.
2	Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. The chips are fried in peanut oil, which leaves a horrible aftertaste. The Machaca chimichanga I had was just shredded beef with canned green chilis added and a quart of sour cream on top. My wife had the baja chicken chimi, it came with a whole brick of very salty cream cheese on top. I feel like I want to throw up just thinking about it. Very disappointed. Next time we'll go across the street to Don Lencho's!
3	This is a definite local hole in the wall type place that is ran by a family with authentic Mexican recipes.  The food was good and my guest and I were able to hang out for a couple of hours talking, the staff was very good and supportive of us just hanging out, near the end, we were the last two in the resturnat.
5	I saw someone said their green sauce looked like gravy, what?  I love the baja chimi. It is a chicken burrito with green sauce and baja sauce.  It is not as spicy as I would like, but I add plenty of their hot  sauce and it is awesome.
5	My son and I eat here regularly. Never a bad experience. I usually ask for a suggestion to try something different. Never disappointed. Chimi's are great, so are the loaded nachos. Great staff. Try it,you'll like it too!
3	Nice clean atmosphere set in s newly remodeled strip msll. Service on a Friday night was quick and friendly, maybe because I was one of 2 tables with guests at 7 pm. Could it be the food, I had to ask myself as the parking lot was full. Ordered the carne asada torta and my friend ordered a green chili burro deep fried enchilada style. The food arrived surptisinly fast, it almost beat our water drinks. I will start with my torta, the carne was almost cooked to crisp leather and chopped fine to maybe disguise it. The roll was tossted nicely but the rest made it the worst torta I have ever tried to consume. My friend let me taste her burrito which was very good. I gave up on the torta and claimed half of my friend's burro. The green chili and service raised my rating to 3 stars but the torta might explain all the empty seats on this Friday night.
4	Pretty Good!  Had the red Chile chimichanga and sopapillas for desert. Overall good experience and Happy.
5	Was a fan of Ayala's food in the past. New location has the same great food. Big portions, delicious chips and salsa. Fast service too. Will definitely be back. Can't wait for the bar...
5	Wow we were craving Mexican pizza and they made it "Amazing" we will be coming back again and highly recommend, the food is good and prices are fare
