5	Pamper yourself in Sin City! Unwind and Relax with a massage at Canyan Ranch SpaClub at The Venetian. They also have a full gym, rock climbing wall and salon services. The decor is modern and relaxing with lots of neutral tones. The massage is well worth the price tag!
2	I really wanted to like this place, but it fell short of expectations.  Yes, it has a rock-climbing wall, and everything else, but the ambiance lacked that soothing quality you need for relaxation and the massages are mediocre.  Either the Canyon Ranch experience has deteriorated over the past 25 years since the first resort was created, or the quality of the first one was never quite fully duplicated.
3	i can't offer any insight about the massage or spa services that canyon ranch provides but i did use the gym on a couple of occaisions. fresh fruit and bottles of water are gratis for patrons, which is nice if you need a little go fuel. the gym itself is clean and well maintained. the $30 or $40 they charge to use the facility may be a deterrant because each time i used the facility there was hardly a soul in sight.
3	Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. Pros: Great workout facilitiesGreat classes (esp. the Cardio Kick class with Jen) Super friendly staffReceived a wonderful Ice Cream pedicureGreat cafe with yummy guilt-free foodCons:Smallish locker room area, expected bigger from a place that is 69,000 sq. ft. Color scheme is a drabbish neutral color, which makes the spa look kinda worn and not so cleanTrying to get to the Canyon Ranch Spa is an ordeal in itself, not very conveniently locatedPretty expensive to use the facilities ($35/day or $80/3 days) and you still have to pay if you have a service there ($15/day) It closes at 10pm (i guess thats a given since we're supposed to be gambling or drinking it up by then)
5	The Ultimate Cocoon is pricey ($310) but one of the best spa experiences I've had. When you first enter the spa it's a bit overwhelming. The front desk is a busy and it seems chaotic but then you are led to the women's locker rooms where everything is much calmer. My massuese was on time and led me to my room. I was first scrubbed down with a sugar rub from head to toe. Then I washed off in a shower and followed up with an hour long massage with coconut lotion. After the massage I was moved to another table slathered with coconut moisturizer and wrapped in a "cocoon" which fills with hot water and sinks you down in what feels like you are floating on water. It was amazing and well worth the price. If you go to canyon ranch this is the treatment I would suggest getting. It's 100 minutes of pure relaxation.
5	This review is strictly for the salon.  I had my wedding hair and make-up done here and despite having somewhat of a time crunch (my fault, not theirs) everything went off very well and they had me looking fly.  Flier than i have ever looked before.
2	I am not, by any means, a spa princess. I'll take a sauna any where I can get it - mamma needs her relaxation, no matter how shabby the surroundings. But for a $30 day pass I expect a wee bit more than one teensy room which houses a mini hot pool, micro sauna, and petite steam room. Not to mention there's only about five chairs to recline in, and by "recline" I mean "sit upright very uncomfortably." Supposedly, though, they'll be renovating and enlarging the facilities at the end of the Summer, but I'll leave it to someone else to report back.
4	I had a great full body message treatment at the Canyon Ranch Spa. With more than 100 therapists on staff, I really lucked out with Jennifer...- Soothing voice- Attractive- Not talkative- Mellow attitude- Used oils that were light and refreshing (cypress oil?)- Attentive to muscle details with just the right amount of sweeping pressure- Special attention to my neck, shoulders, feet, and hands.- Eased muscle tension without going all "deep tissue" on me- Lavender eye pillows (that may be the last time I will ever say the words "eye pillows")- Left soothed, invigorated, stimulated, and hungry. She handed me a "thought of the day" card before I left the room. It read,"Healthy AppetiteSpending time with peopleyou love doesn't meansitting around and visiting: Get somefresh air, work up a healthy appetitefor the next special meal, andimprove everyone's health."Hmm...sort of like a fortune cookie for the soul. With that, I grabbed a juicy apple from the waiting room and headed off to the pool...all the time thinking about dinner at Tao.
3	One of the best/biggest gyms of all the large hotels in Vegas but also the most sterile, brightly light spas I have been to anywhere. Go to The Bathhouse or Bellago instead. I even prefer the more quaint MGM spa.
2	I came in with great expecations for this place, but walked out pretty dissapointed.  The facilities were unimpressive for both the Canyon Ranch name and the $35 admission fee.  I would strongly suggest taking your money and visiting elsewhere.
1	I've been going to spas for the last 12 years of my life, and I have to say the only high end thing about the Canyon Ranch Spa is the price. The place loked small though it's advertised as big. It looked old and a little dingy but that's not a big deal. The service was so-so. I bought the creations package for six people ($1200) and my sister got sick in their facility. They STILL charged me for her services along with the all day pass that was not used. My other sister cancelled her appointment to be able to take care of the sick one and of course, what a waste of money. The mananger tried to justify by saying it's because they have a 24 hr cancelation fee. Wow, even when a client gets sick at your spa? Tha's down right ridiculous. This place is just a lawsuit away from being taken down. Don't waste your money. I've never heard of this yelp website until recently and felt I had to warn the public. Don't go here, it sucks.
4	Hmm, Kind of surprised with the one star review below, but if I had an experience like that, I probably would go on the same sort of rant.  Well forget "probably", I would go on a rant and probably shoot for sub-5 stars.  I digress.Canyon Ranch in the Venetian is actually quite large physically.  The overall space of the spa is huge since it covers two floors.  It has a decent sized weight room that consists of free weights and machine weights.  There's plenty of space there to stretch out and do yoga or pilates if you're into that.  They also have a separate room in back behind the cardio machines for exercise ball, resistance band, and mat exercises.  Cardio machines are plentiful w/ ample amounts of TV's around to keep you entertained as you sweat away all the buffet calories.The locker rooms are some of the nicest I've seen on the strip.  very updated w/ a unique security mechanism for the lockers (push down magnetic lock).  Showers are plentiful with tons of toiletries available to fix yourself up prior to revealing yourself back to the public.  There's no cold plunge, however the sauna, steam room, and hot tub are all available.  The lounge is great.  Plenty of seats and refreshments are available.  My one gripe would be the cranberry juice they have in  dispensers.  At least it looks like cranberry juice.  It's so watered down, you're basically getting purple colored water with a slight hint of cranberries.  I think the Venetian pulls in enough with room rates and Spa prices already that they could by some Ocean Spray on bulk and fill these things up w/ something tastier.The spa packages are pricey but not as outrageous that you expect from a high end resort.  Massages are always worthwhile as long as you're willing to pay for it.One last thing to point out, they have an indoor rock climbing wall here too that comes with your entrance pass.  There's also a lot of fitness staff roaming around to help answer any fitness questions you might have.The cafe they have at the entrance to spa is quite good as well.
4	My cutie petutie wanted to treat me to something nice and he scheduled a pedicure for me.  I was thinking to myself, what a waste of money.  It's more than double what I usually pay and how much more can they add to a pedicure to make it special.  Rather than  ruining my cutie petutie's surprise, I went along with his plans.We walked into the spa area and we were immediately escorted into the salon.  I was hoping that for the price, I would at least be able to change into a white fluffy robe, but no such luck.  The salon looked like a regular nail salon...with a few upgrades.  I sat in a regular spa chair and dipped my feet  in luke warm water... nothing really special.  BUT, this all changed when the lady came out and allowed me to pick a fizzy ball.  Peach, fruit punch, blueberry... etc.  She then massaged my feet,  scrubbed my dry heels, cleaned up my cuticles and changed my polish.  I know that sounds like a regular pedicure, but the massage lasted for about 30 minutes.  She was able to remove all of the dryness from my cracked dry heels and left them as soft as a baby's bottom.  I even got a free bottle of nail polish and files they used on me.  I am sucker for free stuff. I now know what they mean by the saying "You get what you pay for".   Although this was more than twice the cost of a regular pedicure, it was worth every penny.
4	I liked the spa, it was clean, the staff was super friendly, great service!  Boo hoo it was $35, thats nothing!  I dont know what the other people are complaining about, the spa/sauna in ktown still cost 25 to get in! and those places are ghetto!  I got my fill of detox and sweating out all the alcohol I consumed the night before.  The facilities were clean, fresh fruit, and cucumber water and tea.  This place met my expectations.BTW, if you have no prior spa experiences and think the $35 is expensive, just stay at home and take a bath.
3	This was a tough one - If you're looking for a quiet spa, where you  can chill out before / after your treatment - this is the WRONG place.  The spa was soooo busy.  I went in twice and both days it was crammed with people.  The second day there was a line for the showers (gross - what am I in the high school locker room?).However, once in the treatment room, it was great.  The aromatherapy massage was the bomb.  So, if you can get past the crowds getting in and out, then it'll be ok.
3	I went to Canyon Ranch SpaClub looking forward to some relaxation and quiet time. Unfortunately that's not what I got. This spa is way too big and crowded. The women's locker area was extremely crowded. The whirlpool and steam room were small and crowded. There were well over 25 women in the women's "quiet" lounge waiting for their services. The attendants would call out each person's first and last name loudly - was not relaxing at all. With that said, I was extremely happy with the 50 minute Canyon Ranch massage and foot scrub add-on treatment that I got from Chris A. She applied the perfect amount of pressure and was attentive. The foot scrub was wonderful and made my feet very soft. The treatroom was nice and very relaxing. Of course, after my excellent massage I had to return to the loud and crowded women's lounge and locker area. Also, the showers were not well-kept. Boohoo.On a side note, I went to the retail store at Canyon Ranch and bought the chocolate sugar scrub and lotion. They smell so yummy. Mmm....In conclusion, I don't think I would return to this spa again.  I go to day spas not only for a great massage, but also for the whole experience - which includes some quiet time in women's louge, whirlpool and steam room. For $170 plus tip, I expected a quieter and more relaxing atmosphere.
1	I wish I could give negative stars.  Why can't we??? Should be a feature on yelp for sure.This was the most UNRELAXING spa experience of my life.  I might as well have sat on LV Blvd for as many people were packed in this spa like cattle.  The massage was mediocre for $200.  I didn't even hang out afterwards to steam or anything, I couldn't get out of there quickly enough.  And, there were no good products to use.  Hello??? What was my $200 paying for??  To be rated #1 so many times, what a lame experience.  I will not stray from Mandalay again.  Lesson here: stick with what is proven to be great.  Don't stray.
5	Best haircut ever. My hair has been thinning for a few years. It's straight and thinning in the front and  there are weird curly patches in the back. Crystal did a bad-ass job in making my hair look great and full all around. I've been going to her for a few years every time I go to Vegas and she never fails.
5	I LOVED this spa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wonderful service, I had the best massage ever (Canyon Ranch massage).  I also used the fitness center, steam room and sauna.  All was really clean and I felt incredibly comfortable.While I agree this place can get a bit crowded, I also met some really awesome women.
4	Okay so reviewing a gym in Vegas seems a little silly since who really uses the gym while in Vegas (me me me!), but this was my 2nd time using the Canyon Ranch Spa GYM...so figured I had some info to share for those interested.First off, PRICEY. $30 a day or 3 days for $80. If you are with a conference you do get a $5 discount per day so ask for it.My average workout time was only about 40 minutes, due to schedule constraints. Seems like a lot to pay $30 for 40 minutes of working out right?? But it's not like you have a ton of options. Which is what bugs me. These places know they have you, so they milk you. While I already know that, it doesn't go down easy.The gym? It's good. It has a lot of ellipticals, treadmills, bikes, a weight room, it offers classes, a rock climbing wall, pool area, and even a side room with a bosu ball and various ab balls, small weights and rubberband workout items. You can get bottled water (take it to your room!), and fresh fruit in the locker rooms, a must-have when you are trying to help your body digest all that rich Vegas food.Is it WORTH $30 a day? Not really, but what IS worth it is the feeling of stretching your legs and getting your sweat on after 8 hours of meetings every day. You walk a lot in Vegas, but there's nothing like a little stress-releasing exercise after a long mentally challenging day.So yeah, I bought the 3 day pass and it WAS worth it. I was bummed though that they wouldn't let me use their Pilates machine without paying an extra $110 for a trainer even though I am already trained on it myself. Pbbbbtttt for that, Canyon Ranch.Maybe next time I will have some time to use the spa services, and not just torture myself on their state-of-the-art workout equipment.
4	I only went to the gym not the spa and only had 40 minutes so I could not look at everything in major detail.  It had a really nice decor and free waters!  Overall the it had a bunch of machines, small area with weights, mats, and balls.  They had a huge spa area, rock climbing area, steam room and sauna.  It was expensive at $35 per day but I got a $10 discount since I was there at a conference. Hopefully I can expensive it for work ;))
1	Umm, I thought a spa in Vegas would be the best, especially at the Venetian... but I was sadly mistaken. The facility was not all that, very small and not very quiet in the "quiet room". Robes were not plush and the pockets were sewn shut (what's up with that???) And the slippers hurt my feet. Burke Williams totally kicks Canyon Ranch's butt! Massage was ok but pretty pricey at $150 for their most basic massage. All in all, I would have rather gambled the $150 while sitting at a slot machine to get my "quiet" time.
1	ouch.really not that great. i cringe at the thought of outlining every detail of my experience in story-like dialogue, so a list of pros and cons should suffice.pros: my aesthetician gave me a great face massage during my european facial. it wasn't all about lathering on creams and scrubs, she actually focused on relieving tension.cons:- it's like a frickin' sorority house in there! loud as fuck! nothing relaxing about it. the staff chats with each other using "outdoor" voices, despite the "quiet please" signs. this prompts the gaggle of girls in there to do the same. my gym locker room in downtown oakland is a thousand times more refined.- it's a mess. dirty towels and garbage bags everywhere.- there was no one at the women's locker room front desk. it was completely unclear what i was supposed to do or where i was supposed to go. once i tracked someone down, she barely spoke english. she was nice, though.- my aesthetician seemed annoyed and rushed. she kind of "bitched" at me for using carmex or handcream (i don't use either!), which was making me have petroleum-related bumps on my skin. then she told me to get rid of my shampoo AND my dermotologist prescribed acne medicine (which has been the only thing since puberty that has controlled my breakouts). she scolded my derm for "selling" me "drugs." excuse me, but aren't you "selling" me $200 french face wash?! she also used a sharp metal tool for extraction that was reminiscent of a needle and very uncomfortable. i much prefer a kleenex-fingers procedure.- nothing was clearly marked. i was waiting in the steam room area for 20 minutes before realizing that there was a treatment waiting room hidden behind what looked like a personnel only door. i had to ask a towel attendant where i was supposed to be waiting. she said "oh. in there." and that was that.the end result? a greasy, washed-out face and a $180 dent in my wallet.
4	The boyfriend and I had an amazing spa day at Canyon Ranch!!! Our couple massage was just what we needed and I very much enjoyed the amenities they had. Although small, it is relaxing and a great atmosphere. I hate the idea of those SUPER HUGE almost disneyland like spas, how can they be relaxing and quiet?? Anyway, however it was annoying that the robes had sewn shut pockets and it was also equally annoying when the bf and I went to book the Rasul Ceremony (with the mud). None of the staff seemed to know why the computer wasn't letting it book the room. 20 minutes later they figured out that the room was going under renovations so it wasn't available....now I can't fault them on that,  but shouldn't all the staff be made aware that certain rooms aren't available??? It was very frustrating... anyway the couple massage was good (albeit pricey) and we had a great afternoon.
3	We had booked a two night stay at The Venetian.  It had an offer where, as part of our stay, we could pay $30 a day and receive two passes per day to the spa, along with other discounts to its restaurants and the wax museum.  Since a regular day pass to the spa alone is $35 per person, I thought the offer was a good deal.  We received passes for three days that were good from the time the spa opened early in the morning until it closed at 10pm.  Prior to our arrival, I perused the spa's services and schedule of fitness classes.  I'm not a huge fan of spas.  I've had different treatments at various spas as part of a girl's spa day but was never convinced that they are worth the price.  Though I enjoy an occasional facial, I thought  Canyon Ranch's treatments were much too rich for my blood.  However, after reviewing the schedule of fitness classes, I was impressed by the variety of classes Canyon Ranch offered.  So on the next morning after we arrived, I dug myself out of bed to attend a 9am mat pilates class and a 10am spin class.  While I thought Canyon Ranch's facilities were nice, they were not as plush and palatial as I had heard and expected.  It was no different than the local Burke Williams or Glen Ivy I've patronized and I was disappointed that Canyon Ranch's showers did not have my favorite -- overhead rain showerheads.  And after taking both fitness classes, I was underwhelmed by those offerings.  I did not think either instructor was particularly good or inspiring.  The pilates instructor was late and had to be hunted down.  She only went through some basic pilates moves.  I've taken a number of spin classes at my gym and know that spinning can be only as good as your instructor.  The instructor at Canyon Ranch was downright boring.  The class was not cued to any specific music and all the instructor did was tell us when to stand or sit and when to adjust the knob.  Pretty lame.  For what we paid, the spa was a decent deal.  But I wouldn't do it if I had to pay full price.
5	I've come here at least 5 or 6 times and always enjoy it.  Free bottles of water are provided at the gym, as well as towels galore.  There's plenty of cardio equipment- all new and the latest models- and you never have to wait in line.  The weight room is also huge and stocked.  The gym also has an indoor climbing wall, but I haven't tried it.  Your day pass also includes any classes you want to take.  I've taken a couple, and the instructors are fabulous.  The highlight of this place is of course the spa.  I've had 5 or 6 massages here, and they all count amongst the best massages I've ever had, and that says a lot because I've gotten massages at dozens of high-end places all over the world.My one complaint is that the women's locker area can get very crowded, especially if there's a bridal party there.  I would call and check on that before making an appointment.
2	As of this writing the Canyon Ranch Spa is too large and easy to get lost if you're coming from the Palazzo side.  You would think it would be great because its conveniently located right off the pool area but do yourself a favor and enter from the Venetian until they (hopefully) get all that stuff worked out.    You literally feel like you are walking through an big office complex and there is very little (and confusing) signage to help you along.    We actually had to turn around and go back to ask if we were going the right way!  When we finally made our way around to the front, things were okay.. but really just okay.   My (hugely overpriced) massage was nice enough but once again, in order to get to the massage rooms I felt like I was walking through an office building, not (what should be) a nice retreat space.  There's absolutely no atmosphere to speak of.  Very off putting.  My massage therapist told me that due to the addition of the Palazzo Tower they will eventually be the largest spa in the world at over 100,000 square feet... but that's not necessarily a good thing.   They have the requisite citrus waters and teas and yadda yadda but IMO, the money would be better spent on upgrades to the personal hygiene products they provide and lockers that don't take 4 tries to open (maybe that was just my particular locker but it sucked nonetheless)...   etc etc.   I cannot comment on their other services, like exercise, salon, et al...   but so far Bellagio still has my favorite spa, hands down.
3	While staying at the Venetian we all had appointments for massages.  yea hurray:)  before the massages we had a nice lunch there where I order a medium rare Ahi Tuna which turned out to be really really good.  and a cucumber salad nice and light.On to the spa.  My momma in law and I did the steam room and it was a good way to start off and relax our muscles.  On to the waiting room where we all stayed in our robes waiting to here our name called to be whisked away into the never ending hallways.Nora?oohhh thats me.  So my masseuse was friendly and personable which put me at ease.  I had the warm stone massage.  This was my first warm stone massage so I didn't know what to expect.  A couple times the rocks were waayyy to hot so I would tell her and she would cool it off...ok much better:)  I had a great massage but just a tad bit to crowded for my liking.  I wouldn't put it off though.  I'd probably give it a go again when in the area.
4	I pretty much melt when someone says the word 'spa' and I'm half way to heaven when I know I'm on my way to get pampered... So when my family went to Vegas to celebrate my brother and sister's birthdays, I knew we'd spend some time at the spa.  Even more exciting was that since we were staying at the Venetian, we were able to indulge at the Canyon Ranch Spa facility there... I admit, I'm spoiled.  I've been to Canyon Ranch in Tucson a handful of times and I really do consider it heaven on earth!  So there isn't much that would live up to the Tucson location, but the SpaClub at the Venetian comes close.  I worked out a couple of the days in their facility and even took a couple of classes - a body strength and a 'fit tease' - both were decent workouts and fun too!  Now that the workout is covered, on to the pampering... My mom, sister, and I all planned ahead and we each had a massage on one day and a facial the next.  Mom and Aubs had the signature Canyon Ranch massage and I decided to change it up and went with the Thai Yoga massage - all were phenomenal!  We were all invigorated after our services and we were each given a 'healthy living card' from our therapists on our way out... what a nice touch!  The facials the next day were pretty good too; Aubs and Mom loved theirs while I thought mine was just ok.  Luckily, my dad picked up the bill since it was pretty pricey!I hope to go back to Canyon Ranch SpaClub in Vegas sometime, as well as visit other Canyon Ranch facilities around the US... as for now, it's in my dreams!
3	I have the most amazing boyfriend who took me to Vegas.  Howard also decided to get me a spa day at the Canyon Ranch.  The amenities are great and you will find spas like this in Vegas.   But what the heck is with the service.  They're cold!  Not snobby, just more indifferent.  My masseuse, Amanda, I had to tell her three time to give me more pressure on my massage.  My facial was great.  Simone was very nice and thorough.  Overall, it was a good experience, but I had a better time at MGM Grand spa.
4	for the cost of a day pass ($40 on the weekends, slightly less during the week), you can enjoy the many amenities of the canyon ranch spaclub without paying top dollar for a treatment. we started out with back to back fitness classes in the morning (a fun strip fit class and a strenuous gliding disc class), then stashed our stuff in a locker and changed into swimsuits, robes and slippers ("therapeutic" ones which hurt my feet) so we could take advantage of the sauna, jacuzzi, and various other treatment rooms, of which my favorite was the wave room (so relaxing i almost fell asleep). if you get hungry or thirsty, they have baskets of whole fruit and dispensers filled with cold water or iced tea in the lounge and sauna/steam room areas.
5	I'm not much of a spa/massage person, but I gotta say Canyon Ranch at the Venetian rocks.  With the recent renovations, they've added more "rooms".  In addition to a steam room, they have a wave room, an aroma room, etc.  I liked the seats with a reading light in the waiting area.  I hung out there reading a GQ magazine before my massage.  My massage was fine, but I regret not giving myself more time after my massage to maximize my time in the steam room or jacuzzi!!  Will be back!
5	Oh what a delicious pedicure I had at this spa.  Seriously, I know a good pedi when I feel it.  My sister-in-law (who was about to get married to my brother-in-law - so I guess that really makes her my sister-in-law-in-law) had a free pedicure to bestow on someone, and as my fortune would have it she chose me!First off, like everything in the Venetian, Canyon Ranch Spa is elegantly decorated, well-lit and fresh looking.  The staff at the front desk are all extremely nice, well-mannered and attentive (Bottled water while you wait?  Yes, please). My pedicurist, who's name I unfortunately have forgotten was a total sweetheart.  I sat with my sis-in-law's maid of honor while we got pedis together and chatted with our pedicurists - it was like a girly gab fest between the four of us.  I love it when I don't have to feel awkward when someone is scrubbing my toes :)The pedicure itself was A-MA-ZING.  The seats were super comfy, the water just hot enough, the soak was devine, the lavender scrub was delicious, the mint foot mask was really tingly and cool, and the actual painting of the toes was immaculate - seriously I think that pedi last me a good solid two months (minus my nails growing out a bit). Oh and the leg and foot massage - oh yeaaah.Even though my pedi was comped - I was sure to tip big, because that pedi made me walk away feeling like a high roller :)
4	The best spa experience I've ever had here. The cost is high but it's well worth the pampering and high attention to detail. Excellent therapists, excellent refreshments, excellent locker rooms, fully appointed showers (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razors, etc.).I would definitely visit here or other locations in a heartbeat.I had the mango sugar glo scrub which featured an in-between soak in a high-end hydrotherapy tub, followed by an application of mango/tropical body lotion. Perfect to counteract the dry, desert weather's action on my skin.
4	My mom took my sisters and I on a girls weekend vacay and we spent two days at the spa. It was not enough time. I could probably live at the Canyon Ranch Spaclub and die a very happy girl. It's located in bothe the Venetian and the Palazzo. I don't typically go to a lot of spas but I don't see it getting much better than this. Like any spa you have your cucumber lime water and assortment of teas and fruit as well as fantastic therapists, aestheticians, and nail technicians. The scented steam for the facial was awesome. But what makes this spa special is what they have for you before and after your services. I mean who doesn't want to take a tropical rain shower complete with colored lights and the sounds of thunder and birds. I guess if that doesn't float your boat you could try the cool fog or Caribbean storm. If experiential rains is not your thing there is the herbal lanconium which is kept at a perfectly warm temperature and changes aromas every few minutes while LED lights sparkle in a rainbow of colors. The salt grotto feels like a night at the beach and you can zone out completely in the wave room. If you are a traditionalist there is the jacuzzi, Finnish sauna or Steam room which is kept at 113 degrees and 95% humidity. The steam room has a canyon ranch flair with a large geode in the corner and the same rainbow LED lights in the ceiling which are extra cool in the steam. After you are sweating you can chill out in the igloo room, which is exactly what it sounds like and smells like peppermint. Yep it was pretty terrific. My only complaint would be if I was to go there with my boyfriend. The only places that are co-ed are the salt grotto and the wave room. It would be better if you could experience all the rooms with your significant other. However for a girls weekend it was perfect!
4	an absolutely BEAUTIFUL spa.  I've been here twice.  The first time, was at the Venetian side.  The most recent time, they were renovating the Venetian side and my dad & I received spa services over at the Palazzo side.  So i'll talk about my Palazzo experience.  It was a good massage.  Quite relaxing and the decor was absolutely beautiful.  The only big downfall was the fact that since we were staying at the Venetian, the walk down the corridor to the Palazzo spa was EXTREMELY long.  It probably was especially cumbersome becuase my dad is 81 years old and walks with a cane.  Poor guy.  But I do give them props, because i had to part with my dad when he went to the men's spa and they took great care of him.  They had him in and out. And when he was done with his service, the women's attendant was looking for me to notify me that my dad was patiently waiting for me in the sofa area in the reception.  He looked relaxed and didn't look "frazzled" by the experience.  He said the massage was great and because he had a good experience, it made my experience THAT much nicer.
5	Did you know that you can essentially buy a euphoric experience that doesn't include a happy ending?  That doesn't mean that you won't feel like you've been worked like a whore when you leave, though.  I make no promises there.  But, I can say that they offer these experiences, and other more mild euphoric experiences here at the Canyon Ranch Spa at the Palazzo.I found this out recently when I went in to get a 1.5 hr deep tissue massage from Taylor, who was fantastic!  She's this petite little blonde thing that looks like she wouldn't even last two seconds in a street brawl.  I mean, I'm no fighter but, I could've laid her azz out, if you know what I mean.Nonetheless, she worked my tired muscles like the professional that she is, explaining to me that a deep tissue massage usually holds your pain threshold around a 7-8, which is pretty high.  These types of massages are not for the faint of heart, and should only be reserved for people who can breathe through the pain.  No pain, no gain bitches!She was honest with me, and being a dancer herself (no, not that kind, get your mind out of the gutter you perv!!!)  she understood where I needed the most work.  She told me that I would need to take better care of my body if I wanted it to keep working for me at the level that I do and showed me some in home techniques I can use to massage the tight areas of my lower back and gluteals.  I was sore for a bit afterward,, to be expected.  But, my body needed some work.  As an aside, don't forget to tip your masseuses!!!!!
4	This is a huge spa located in the Venetian hotel. I was there last June so this review is overdue - wanted to get it on my spa list.When I went, the "main" reception area, before you go further into the spa and enter the "sub" reception areas, was like grand central station - I do not exaggerate. In fact the whole place was pretty much that way, although they do have a lot of people working there and they keep things moving smoothly. I had just flown in very early that morning and I was ready for a several hour spa visit, starting with soaking and sauna and segue-ing into a 90 minute facial and brow wax. The locker rooms are busy but clean, the robes nice and fluffy and the soft rubbery thongs felt good on the feet. The decor and atmosphere in the saunas and jacuzzis is brightly lit, stark white tile with a little blue here and there, feeling and looking more like a sports club or community center than a spa. Service is excellent and there's plenty of fresh cold water and fluffy towels.The waiting area for the facial was slightly more relaxing, dimly lit with comfortable seating areas where you could relax and rest your body. However, the staff were gathered around the front desk gossiping and I found this super annoying (remember it was my first day and I hadn't relaxed yet). I just could not block them out. My aesthetician was great and I found a polite way to ask her if they had a break room, and she said they did but that it was very far away. This is the classic error made by most modern hotels. They don't provide adequate facilities for their staff, so the service and guests ultimately suffer. I've seen this problem in the best hotels and it never ceases to befuddle me.This wouldn't prevent me from going back to Canyon Ranch. The services are really excellent. But it's a spa to go to for the services - NOT to relax.
5	If you're looking for a luxury spa or salon experience in Vegas, come here.  They have excellent service, refreshments, locker rooms/lounge area.  Spa: I've gotten facials and massages here and while the massages were alright the facials were the best ever.  Everytime I had one done, I could notice and feel the difference immediately.  The esthetician was very knowledgeable and was great at offering skin care tips. Salon: I got a pedicure here once and it was great.  Very comfortable experience and I definitely felt pampered.Overall, well worth the money.  And you don't have to be a Venetian/Palazzo guest to make an appointment.
5	Absolutely divine! I believe a good masseuse is found more frequently than one might think (bear in mind, I said "good" and not "the best"). But honestly, a true go-all-out spa where the spirit, atmosphere and essence of relaxation leaves your body infused with pleasure for weeks is a rare gem. Canyon Ranch ClubSpa is phenomenal at setting the mood. Clean and refreshing -- the scenery has a strong nature-theme with running water, fresh plants and comfortable, outdoor furniture. The conservatory is a wonderful place to lounge with cucumber water or any of their assortments of tea. There is an ionization room that is quite relaxing, but it exudes salt in the air so make sure to hydrate! My favorite relaxation room was the one with recliners and above on the ceiling was a projection of colored, moving water with nature music in the background. It was a shame I forgot my bathing suit or I would have made more use of the igloo room, sauna, hot tub, etc. The treatment was wonderful -- the masseuse was good, though I would have appreciated more pressure and when I shared that with her, she made a noted attempt that fell a little short. I did a basic 80 minute therapeutic massage which was very relaxing and also got a basic spray tan (which didn't even out as well as I would have hoped) but the best thing to do at this spa is really try out all the relaxation rooms and even if you go in for one treatment, plan to spend 3+ hours with all the other goodies at this beautifully designed spa. Top notch!
4	I was running late and had called to say so. I was told "we're booked back to back so you really can't be more then 7mins late". So off I went power walking/running from the Wynn over to the Palazzo! Get into the Palazzo and "where the heck is this place??".. it's a bit confusing but it's pulled back and on it's own so that's nice. Just please, maybe some more signs! I was 9mins late :( However, I think the girl at the desk knew it was me that had called and knew I rushed so she didn't say anything.. thank you girl at counter :)Lovely place, doesn't have that Vegas overly opulent or loud look/feel to it and the staff are all very friendly.The guy who did my hair was named Anthony and in addition to being super sweet and doing an amazing cut, he's a Seigfried impersonator.. as in Seigfried from Seigfried and Roy. I'd noticed the resemblance when I first got there, but didn't know if he would appreciate me saying so, so when he told me this I thought "ah ah, I get it now".. how cool, and how Vegas.. love it!  Oh and the girl who did my blowout took like an hour to do it, but it looked fantastic when she finished. It's nice she wasn't just rushing thru stuff on such a busy day.There have been plenty of positive things said about Canyon Ranch, and I agree with them. It's a top service salon and spa, with a staff that is friendly and personable enough to not remind you of that.. you'll have a good time here. Be on the lookout for Anthony/Siegfried.. he rocks!
4	I've had some interesting experiences at spas, shady to say the least. And it's not like I'm going to a ghetto spot mind you. I'm talking about some of the nation's most famous and greatest. I've been solicited for sex, touched in some odd places, and received, well, just some shit ass massages.At Canyon Ranch, let's just say that I don't have any of those problems. I had first been there when as a kind gift my father gave me a very generous gift certificate there for my 25th birthday of 500 dollars. You'd say, "Wow, that's a lot of money for a spa?!" The truth is, because it's not cheap there I was able to book only two services with gratuity included for that amount. But the services? Well, they were extraordinary. Let's just say I was so relaxed after I left there that I changed my flight back to SFO for the next day. I just wanted to sleep at the pool. Recently during New Year's, my girl and I partied it up like the rockstars we are at the Palazzo (the only place to stay mind you), and decided to go and pamper ourselves for a few hours there. I opted for one of the ayurvedic  scrubs that they offered, wanting to make my skin soft like butter for weeks to come after. This came with a small massage after the scrub where they apply a moisturizing cream. She opted for the kick ass intense deep tissue massage (she's hard core like that) to relax her overused and developed muscles that she always has. If you work it like a rockstar, you must take care of it like a rockstar. Needless to say, she came out relaxed, happy, and worked like a total whore (positive in this note btw) and I came out feeling like I had shed three pounds of needless crap off my body and soft as a baby's ass. It was beautiful. We hit the tables afterwards, groggy, exhausted, and still played like the pros that we are. The major complaint we both had, was that they said to arrive 30 minutes in advance because of "possible long lines". This was ridiculous, and it wasn't a good enough answer for us. We were busy all day before that, and just wanted to be there right on time, but of course, no, our appointment would be cancelled had we not shown up early. When I pay that much money, I want to be able to come when I want and leave when I want. Just charge me for it.Not cheap, but great services, and the ambiance isn't bad either. A little too kitchy for me sometimes, but it is relaxing. I would be interested in hitting their spa up in Arizona for a week, with our feet up, someone at our beck and call, cucumbers on my overworked eyes, and a mojito in my hand.......
2	Bleh.  Gf and I booked the 60min couple's massage, and added the head massage package. To both our surprise, the head massage package doesn't add more time to the 60 min body massage.  And to add insult to injury, so to speak, all the masseuse did was add globs (yes, more than ONE glob) of oil to our heads and starting kneading it like pizza dough.  The body massage was kind of a joke, too.  Because they were trying to fit everything into one hour, they rushed through the whole thing!  I guess I can sum up the masage experience in one word: lackluster.The facilities are definitely nice, but some of the amenities, such as the tranquility room and the salt room, come off as gimmicky.  If you want quality massage, go to the Wynn.Bleh.
4	-1 star for the price but it's a hotel spa, you really can't complain as you come in knowing full well how much it'll cost.Anyways, after a nail salon down the strip blotched up my toes, I rushed here to get them redone and fix. The pedicure (french tips) here turned out amazing. It was the first time anyone got the tips perfectly straight with the right colors. I was amazed. They're actually... pretty. One of my nail is coming apart though so that's a bummer but it wasn't their fault.  5 stars for the results. If I ever decide to indulge myself, I'll get the pedicure again. They were friendly and accommodating (I was a walk in) and everything was done within 30 minutes... just in time for me to walk back, do a quick makeup and make our dinner reservations at Tao.
5	It was amazing! I planned a spa day for my husband and I before his deployment to Iraq and had to decide between a custom-tailored full day at a small spa and only one service for the same price at this place. Though, I'm sure the other place would have been fine, I will definitely return here when I have the money! Here's why it more than made up for the other place:They have so many amazing, interesting, relaxing environment rooms (included with any service), that I could spend all day there, even if I had no plans for a massage! Their environments include the usual steam rooms, whirl pools and saunas, but also an herbal room, an ice room, an "underwater" room, tropical thunderstorm showers, etc, some of which are single-sex, some co-ed.The masseuses were very professional and very good. I got a swedish and he got a deep tissue, next to each other in the same room (of course), and both therapists of the sex we asked for (i.e. we both felt more comfortable with female therapists - so that's what they arranged for us).They also had endless fruit, teas, water, showers, the usual robes and slippers, anything you could ever need, right down to the hair dryers and hair spray.Even the support staff were very friendly and everything was extremely clean.
1	Don't waste your time in vegas. The good: advanced exercise equipment.The bad: Rock climbing wall is by appointment only. If you are going to relax, all steam rooms are too cold (I defy you to break a sweat in any of them). Jacuzzi is nothing special. Towels were piled all over the floor. Weird layout. If you forget something in your locker, hope you've got 15 minutes to go back. Oh yea, all this now costs $40!! Enjoy!
4	I'm lucky enough to get to try out various spas in Vegas with clients from time to time. This one is a favorite among clients so I've been to Canyon Ranch enough to have tried out a lot of treaments and I've spent some serious hours at the facilities. Cafe/Restaurant - I have yet to be impressed with anything I've tried. It is healthy, so points for that, but unfortunately here healthy = no flavor. However, their smoothies are low calorie and outstanding. Staff - awful. Honestly considered giving this place 3 stars for that. Front desk staff is rude, incompetent, and has screwed up things with billing for me or clients many times! They also have now started charging extra if you want to use the gym. I'm buying a $200 massage and I can't get on the treadmill for 30 minutes? geezPrices - pretty high.. even for Vegas standards!Massage - I've had several, all were good (of course! - they were massages after all), but none were memorable.Pedicure - love that they give you the color to take home.. love that they'll serve you pricey organic wine (that you pay for mind you!) while you're getting your toes done, but overall it's sad for $100 you don't get paraffin or anything "luxurious"... $100 gets you a basic pedicure no better than you'd probably get at home.Facial - nice, relaxing, but can't say it did jack for my skin. I'd do it again for fun. Cocoon - this is off the hook and unique! I strongly recommend trying this if you're doing Canyon Ranch. You lay on a bed... get stuff rubbed on you.. then you float for awhile in this amazing water bed thing. It's so freaking cool! Do NOT do this if you get claustrophobic, however. Facilities - very very nice. I wish there was more coed ares (the coed areas are pretty freaking boring), but the single sex areas are very nice. They have interesting things you don't find everywhere - "experience showers", herbal sanctuaries, etc.
5	This place has improved leaps and bounds since my last visit.  Canyon Ranch has expanded their space as part of the Palazzo/Venetian building.  As a result, their amenities and lounges have improved tenfold.  I still think that Canyon Ranch has the best facials ever.  I always come out glowing and they don't joke when it comes to extractions.  My esthetician was friendly and did an awesome job.  The only downside to Canyon Ranch is that they try to sell you a bunch of product.Now onto the rest of the spa:  As part of the Venetian's expansion, Canyon Ranch is undergoing a remodel/expansion.  As a result, they have a number of other rooms in addition to the standard locker room and serenity lounge.  First off is the Aquavana room which consists of two saunas, an herbal steam room, igloo, vichy shower type thing, and jacuzzi.  I actually spent most of my time in the Aquavana room and enjoyed my experiences.Additionally, Canyon ranch has a co-ed meditation room, salt cave, and wave room.  The wave room is pretty trippy, they have water waves projected onto the ceiling while you relax in zero gravity chairs.Overall, Canyon Ranch is definitely worth a visit.  The experience is definitely worth the high prices.
3	I am torn between the generally nice facilities and the crappy, indifferent staff. Facilities: Kind of clinical, in a hospital or gym way. The locker room is way too bright, yet the hallways to the treatment rooms are too dark and depressing, with gloomy grey paint and no decoration. On the flip side, the waiting areas in both the women's locker room and coed area are SO nice and comfy, with large chaises and couches to curl-up on. In the ladies locker room, they have one of the largest dry saunas I've seen in an interesting curved shape and mood lighting that changes color. There are three shower areas which replicate cool fog and a rain forest downpour, some with aromatherapy built in. Caution: watch your nipples during the rain forest shower, it gets painful if you're standing in the wrong place. The steam room also is huge. I really like the hot tub area with heated chaises, but the tub itself is VERY small. It has two reclining areas that shoot small bubbles, which is quite relaxing. Also in the locker room is a heated laconium which isnt as hot as the sauna, but very nice. Hated the shower products.  Bad shampoo and condition that just didnt wash out, particularly since the shower heads are so lame and low pressure.In the coed area, there is a salt room (this seems to be a popular amenity now) and a wave room, which displays simulated waves on the ceiling while you recline with your feet elevated above your head. The images reminded me of the planetarium or a Pink Floyd album cover (Meddle?). Overall, kind of boring.Massage: Was great and my therapist was very friendly and engaging while we walked the 1/4 mile or so to the room.  I dont know why the therapy rooms are so far removed from the locker area.  Anyway, I had a 50min upper body massage and he really applied the pressure which was great.Staff: Sucked ass for the most part.  Dude at the front desk seemed annoyed that I was there.  No one was at the desk in the locker room, and when someone did show up, she didnt show me around the locker room.  Instead she just pointed down the hall and said, the water area is down there.  Oh, thanks that's informative.  When I stopped staff to ask a question, they almost gave me dirty looks.  And when I checked-out, the same dude gave me attitude again when I had questions about the coupon I had (came with a hotel package).  He didnt know the answers and made no effort to find someone who did.  This is one of the most expensive spas I've been to (they actually raise the prices on the weekends!!), and you better offer good customer service in return.  I would go back to Qua in Ceasars, which has spectacular service, before coming here again.
3	i scheduled a mellow mama maternity massage and wasn't sure what to expect.  i'm typically used to using the belly pillow and this spa said they didnt use the pillow so all their maternity massages are on the side.  i'm not a fan of the side-massage...but scheduled it anyway to give it another try.   i was pleasantly surprised!!  valerie did an amazing job in only 50 mins.  she was so sweet, yet very respectful of the fact that i didn't really want to be chatty....but she wasn't aloof.   they use only mama mio products for the maternity massage and even gave me some boobie cream to use after i showered.  the spa facilities was nice and they have many facilities to choose from -- spa, sauna, salt grotto, etc etc.   it's a bit of a splurge, but i'd be back for another massage.
2	I was not at all happy with my visit to Canyon Ranch last Wednesday. Wow, I expected sooo much better from this place. Let me just say if you don't read the rest of this review...just go to Qua in Caesar's....it's way better.I only paid the $40 to use the general facilities and decided to skip the $175 facial I had booked. IMO, that's a bit much for a facial. After tip it would be over $200. Anyway, once I paid I walked into the locker room area. There were maybe five of us lined up there waiting for the attendent to come back after giving someone a tour. Why weren't there more attendents? Ok, fine, whatever. A few of us walked together to be shown the place, very briefly, she didn't walk us around or anything, just basically pointed and gestured but then again she really didn't have the time to take us on a full tour. The place is HUGE though so you kind of need some direction if you have never been there before. The attendent gave me a little locker key on a rubber wrist bracelet and I couldn't believe I had to walk around with this thing on my wrist all day. I am used to those lockers where you just punch in your 4 digit code and go on your way. The next thing that sucked were the flip flops they give you to wear. Seriously, they actually hurt my feet with all these hard little nubby things on them. Weird. I figured the first thing I would do would be to relax in the jacuzzi/whirlpool...not happening! I went into the room where they have ONE whirlpool. Yes, one....and it was about the size of a king sized bed.  Two women were in the two spots made to lay back on and then there were two women on the other side of them. There wasn't really any more room after that. I'm not getting into a whirlpool and being all up on someone. It wouldn't be too relaxing for either of us. (As a sidenote, you should see the whirlpool/bath area at Qua. It's unbelieveable)So I left out of there and headed to the area where you wait to have a treatment. This area was very nice and had cozy and comfortable seating. The refreshments weren't that great though. Just some tea, coffee and water and then there was some fruit.I left there and asked someone how to get to the "wave" room I heard so much about. After about a ten minute walk I found it and it was pretty stupid. You lay in these leather chairs and incline backwards like you are looking up into a dome thing and there are wave sounds and bird sounds....it sounded way better then it actually was.  I decided to get my $40 worth and lay here and relax for a bit. I don't know if it was people who worked there or other guests but I kept hearing the door slam about every five minutes or so. Not relaxing.  Also the room was completely empty the whole time I was there and I bet that's probably because other guests didin't even know it is there.I made the long trek back to the lockers in my nubby, hurty flip flops. I should have just taken them off but I felt weird about it. I got dressed and got the heck out of there. Major waste of $40 in my opinion. It was so crowded, too, for a Wednesday. I wonder what it is like in there on a Saturday. I don't know, I don't get what the hoopla is about this place. I would never go back and would tell others not to go. They need to take a page from Qua's book. But you can see my review for Qua for that story. Again, I didn't have a treatment so I can't say anything about that. I also did not go in the steamroom or sauna but I took a peek and they looked crowded.
4	I had a great deep tissue massage yesterday, it was a bit intense during the massage but I felt great right after and today. I was fortunate that there were only about 6 ladies using the spa facilities and it wasn't crowded. The waiting lounge was beautiful, relaxing and nicely decorated. I liked the rainshower, the igloo and the steam room. The jacuzzi was small but then again I was just there on my own when I went so no problem.My main issue is the accessibility. From getting a parking spot, to walking out of the parking spot and finding the spa club. I walked a long hallway through the hotel rooms at the 4th floor and walked another long hallway to the spa area. It was a great hallway full of art but it was not very accessible. I was behind schedule by 10 minutes.
5	Barber Shop- I had a great shave and a hair cut with Phil at the Barber Shop inside the spa. Its a nice little setup with two chairs and Phil did a great job. I'll be back.
4	This is the most ginormous spa ever. I don't remember the stats exactly but they have over a hundred masseuses on call. The waiting lounge was beautiful, I almost fell asleep there. I was a little disappointed at the massage, it was only mediocre, perhaps I was just unlucky. I loved the anti gravity chair. It doesn't make you float but it certainly helps you relax. Would definitely go again and spend a few hours there next time I visit Vegas.
2	With tip, my 50 minute aromatherapy massage was $200, and that was a 15% tip.  The staff was OK, either really young and wanted to get back to chatting or did not speak much english, and hey, this is one place I'd like people to be able to communicate with me well.Anyway, it was a decent massage, but seemed shorter than 50 minutes since I was already changing 50 minutes after they started and there was a lot of chit chat before the massage.  Not saying it's a terrible place, but I have had far better massages for just over half that price in high end places in Chicago.The one redeeming quality is that after my OK massage I could hang out as long as I wanted in the facilities, and the sauna, aromatherapy room and igloo room were very nice ways to finish relaxing.
4	I think that both Canyon Ranch Spas are great. I have been to both a number of times and have always enjoyed my experience. I usually indulge in the ice cream pedicure, and my toes always look terrific peepin' outta my new shoes... My best friend and I also had our makeup and hair done at CRS for her wedding. Hector did a great job on our makeup/lashes. Our hair also turned out great, but I can't recall who did it. Over all it was a good experience as everyone listened to what it was we wanted to achieve with our look. I will be back for more pampering...
1	Im in healthcare. And this is one of the worst run spas I have ever seen.  Ive been there numerous times, and I finally have refused to set foot back on the property, even when a friend offered to pay. I have so many bad experiences here, there just isnt room to describe anything but the highlights. The last straw came when late last year I decided to take a spa day to relax and work some of the kinks out. SO I schedule a extra long deep tissue and get assigned to a therapist Ive never seen before. She takes me back and is some God awful irritating French woman who starts the massage and make me feel horrible the entire session and gives me the impression she's making a pass at me. Did I mention she's like 50 and f-ugly as hell. By the end she had applied so much pressure to my neck (in medically inappropriate ways) that I left in extreme pain. To top it all off, the whirlpool was offline that day, the steam room was broke, and as usual, the staff are a bunch of rude idiots who could care less if you need help. I had enough of their poorly run business and filed a complaint with management. I also threatened to sue them for malpractice. The Marketing Vice President contacts me and promises to fix everything. Im told I will get a gift card to reuse whenever I want to replace the bad session. I accept the offer and return about 4 months later. Guess what, the bastard gave me a blank gift card which makes me have to pay for the follow up appointment since I cant cancel at the desk. Then I get back to the spa and yet again the damn whirlpool and steam room are off line. "Some guy cut himself on the tile and bled all in the pool." the attendant tells me. So your pool is sharp enough to cut people and now is full of infectious blood. Thanks. So I go back to the massage, and guess what. I had specifically asked for a therapist I had never seen before to avoid any of the prior problems. Out comes the short little French troll. But with a different name tag. Did you guys know they switch the name tags of the therapists to keep you guessing? I walked out. Hell Ive even had a therapist high on pot here before. This place should be shut down and sued.
4	As a fan of Thai massage, I thought for sure, I'd be disappointed with a thai massage at an overpriced hotel spa... but to my surprise, it was the best Thai massage I've ever had!  And I normally visit Thai Town in Hollywood!  Mickey was relatively new to Thai massage he said, but has been a massage therapist for long enough to be a veteran.  I was stretched out like never before.The water area was amazing.  They had everything from a seriously steamy steam room ( I could barely see a foot in front of me when the steam turned on) to a whirpool jacuzzi, rain showers, and freezing cold showers... totally had to try it, was like the arctic...Why didn't I give it 5 stars?  For this type of spa, especially if they are going to charge ridiculous sums of money (like most Vegas spas) facial cleanser, facial moisturizer, and hair bands should be available.  Even if it's cetaphil!  I mean come on!  I've been to less prestigious hotel spas who offered these small details!
5	Every girl should experience a massage and/or facial at Canyon Ranch Spa or Qua (Caesars Palace)The visit - During my most recent visit to sin city, I experienced a spa facial at Canyon Ranch in the Venetian.  Absolutely wonderful!  This is the ultimate pampering experience, and my skin always looks and feels so rejuvenated.  The service -  My esthetician was extremely well versed in her craft.  Having super sensitive skin, I really appreciated this.   Yes, Canyon Ranch does attempt to sell you product, but what spa doesn't?  An esthetician would not be doing your skin justice by neglecting to give you proper skin care recommendations.Other amenities - Canyon Ranch has an extremely nice fitness facility.  There is ample cardio and weight training equipment to burn those calories.  The steam room was also quite wonderful.Canyon Ranch is a bit pricey, but you will find this to be the case at other surrounding spa's as well...$150ish for a massage or facial is usually the going rate.Tip - As about weekday specials.  Many spas offer facials and massages at almost 50% less than what they would be on weekends.
5	I have not been to Canyon Ranch since it was at the Venetian, I had NO IDEA that they opened a new side at Pallazo.  I must say they have the best spa facilities ever.  We went both Sat and Sun.  I got a facial on Sat and on Sun I used the facilities and it is only $20 if you are staying at the Pallazo. My friend and I stayed there for over 4 hours.  My facial was $160, but well worth its since the facitlities were AWESOME!
1	stayed at the venetian for a week and thought I should get in at least 1 workout in the midst of over eating and drinking. first shocker - $40 fee for 1 day at the gym second shocker - $60 for 1hr on the climbing wall. and it keeps going downhill fast:- holes in the toes of the climbing shoes- a trainer to belay who knows nothing about climbing.i am by no means an expert and only climb once/week (day pass for a full climbing gym is $15) but for $60 one should expect working shoes.Perhaps this is a good place for a massage but anything else is a total ripoff (even by vegas standards).  Stay far away from here if you have the option.
5	This place is AMAZING!! They were having a spa special and for $30/day you could hang out as long as you want with in/out privileges. I didn't even bother with the services. The spa facilities alone are enough to take up the whole day! Seriously was in the there the whole day. Total of 6 hours I think. What in the world do you do at a spa for 6 hours you ask.... To start...they have this jacuzzi. Now, it's not just any jacuzzi. It's like the best jacuzzi in the world (in my opinion). Why? Well, to start with there is the volcano jets that spout up and creating a little eruption in the middle of the pool. They are great for tired feet so all you have to do is sit down and life your feet then ahhhhh...... Not only that but there are two spots where you can lay down VERY comfortably. The water is just high enough to keep your body in the water but your neck and head are up high enough out of the water. Then to top it off they have these tiny little jets that hit every part of your body to give you gentle body massage. ahhhhh... I almost fell asleep.... That's not all...they also have several rooms ranging from hot (sauna) to cold (igloo) and rooms to just sleep. My favorite was the Herbal Lanotionian. O. M. G. It was not too hot and the aroma rocks cleared my sinus problems away. OH and after each room, I would rinse under the rain showers which have three different settings. After each rinse the lights and sounds would play. Sort of weird but fun =) I also really enjoyed the Wave Room. This is where they have THE MOST comfortable recliner. You just lay back and enjoy the quite serene atmosphere. I never nap but I actually nodded off a little from all that relaxation. I never had such an amazing and relaxing spa experience as I did at the Canyon Ranch Spa. I am SOOOO going back!
4	This visit was my first to Canyon Ranch since The Palazzo opened.  They run a first rate facility and I really wanted to give them 5 stars, but there are a couple of things they need to address that I'll cover below.The cool stuff?  First of all, ask for Amy when you book your massage.  I had an 80 minute treatment with her and she plays your muscles like Eric Clapton plays a guitar... think the instrumental bit at the end of the long version of Layla, but for 80 minutes!  She has a fantastic touch and her foot rubs are heavenly.  On top of that, she is very cool.More cool stuff??  How about the rain shower deal?  It's a light show in a shower.  Just try it out. The spa area is very clean and well stocked.  The fitness area uses current equipment that is in great shape.Ok, so why not 5 stars?  A few things... because the one club serves both hotels (two massive hotels mind you), you have this walk between the locker rooms and the fitness area that in and of itself will burn the dessert you had the night before.  Same thing for going from the locker room to the massage treatment rooms... not so fun in those sandals.  Another bugaboo is that the TVs in the fitness area seem to be well beyond their expiration date.  For the price to just work out there, they ought to be able to hang some LCD TVs.  Kinda hard to squeeze in a workout during the football game if you can't actually see the TV because the picture is so bad.  Ok, so the TV thing might be a nit, but first class pricing equals first class expectations.I will absolutely positively go back and I will ask for Amy again.
5	Lucky # 200!(Disclaimer: Apologies for the long length of review)A milestone number, deserves a milestone Review.  So it's only proper, that it's a Spa Review!F A C I L I T Y,  F A C I L I T Y...F A C I L I T YI've been around--around the block and them some.   And when it comes to spa's I've seen it all, or at least I thought I've seen it all.   That was until I came here to Vegas and visited the Canyon Ranch Spa and Heath Club here at the Venetian/Palazzo resort.  I've had the privilege to use both the Fitness Center and the Spa, so I'll be writing a review for both.  *  Fitness Center *What do you do wheny you've spent the previous evening at the Buffet for 3 hours?  If you are a normal person, you spend your time sleeping away after having bad-ass food coma.  If you are like me, and have complimentary use of the Fitness Center, you take advantage of the start of the art facility to work off your previous meal. Talk about top-notch, high quality work out equipment!  Upon entering the Health Club from the Palazzo side of the facility, I was amazed to see first notice the huge rock climb wall.  Unfortunately, I did not have a chance to try out the wall, but for future visits, I definitely will.Continuing down the stairway, I was even more amazed to see the Fitness Center.  All of the machines are provided by TechnoGym.  TV's built-in to all of the cardio equipment, and virtual terrain cardio biking as well.  Machines were the smoothest, quietest I've ever had.   In addition to the TVs in front of every machine, they were also 4 huge big screen TVs set above the entire room.  If you are ever feeling guilty about eating in Vegas, this Health Center is definitely the place to rid yourself of those thoughts.  Second to the Spa in the hotel, the fitness center was my haven.  I've never had so much fun working out before, and time never passed so quickly!*Spa Spa Spa* Ahhhhhh....So this spa girl made it a PRIORITY to pay a visit to the infamous Canyon Ranch Spa.  I booked myself the Canyon Ranch Signature Massage, which is their version of the traditional Swedish.  My 50 minute massage was steep at $150.00, but competitive for Vegas spa prices.  Not much can be said about my massage that I hadn't experienced before, so I won't go much into the massage itself.  I will note that my therapist was Gary, and he was a very polite and hospitable.  Again, what Wow's me about this Spa is the F A C I L I T Y!If there are general standards for the Spa industry, Canyon Ranch comes to mind.  By far my favorite part of the whole facility is the Aquavana Experience.  The Aquavana Experience is a set of European-insipred thermal spa cabins, tubs and aqua thermal bathing.  Within the Spa, both the mens and womens's locker-rooms are provided with an  HydroSpa (Jacuzzi), Finnish Sauna, Igloo, Crystal Steam Room, Experiential Rains, and Herbal Laconium.    What makes the HydroSpa stand out in comparison to your typical jacuzzi tub, is the Volcano jet coming out from the middle of the Jacuzzi, and the sides of the tub which allow you to actually lay down on your back or front, with little jets straying throughout.  The Sauna was a 3 level sauna, and they also provided wooden head pillows. Lol.  The Igloo is a cold room of three different Artic Mists, with your choice of menthol, mint or eucalyptus scent.  Twinkling fiber optics also shines above.  The Experinental Rains Shower's were interesting.  Here, you get to experiment different shower's that range from a Mist/Fog, Atlantic Storm equip with Thunder and Lightening, and also a Caribbean Monsoon shower.  Interesting, is the word, the water was cold of course, giving you the real deal in weather storms. Also within each locker room, is the Herbal Laconium, set with individual booths of heated tiles where you sit and inhale herbal scents.  You can experience all these either before of after your spa treatment.  And stay as long as you like.  In addition to the above facilities, the Spa also has a Communal Relaxation Conservatory, ready with comfortable couches and waterfalls to enhance your experience.  But the Wow factor of the experience is the Wave Room able to be shared by both sexes together.  The wave room is literally a planetarium-like room with comfortable chairs that turn you upside-down where you stare up at a waves.  All while calming music plays. Talk about ultimate relaxation! I spent everyday of my vacation here at the Spa, at one part of the day or another.  How do you know you are addicted to this place?  You are the last person to leave,and spa closes at 8:00pm. And you are being paged by the employees, telling you that your familiy is wondering where the hell you are.  LOL.  Until next time dear Canyon Ranch!
4	went to the one at palazzo and it was pricy but since my mom gambles we got in for free and it was an AMAZING place to relax (especially with hang overs) i can't wait to go back! would i get a massage? probably not i mean common i leave near rowland heights where massages are $15 an hour and damn good haha
3	Unfortunately ( I hate how I need to start with this word but...), when I visited Canyon Ranch their men's hot tub was broken so I didn't get my full experience. Nevertheless, the spa has a great ambiance and friendly staff and nice amenities. They have a room with these futuristic mesh recliners and a huge water basin that projects the ripples onto the ceiling. They have a big co-ed lounge so couples can congregate during their relaxation time. Wish I had visited the gym since I had a couple of hours to kill waiting for my girlfriend to be done. All in all the spa was enjoyable but I've had better. To be very clear: I did not get a treatment or massage. This review is purely rating the spa facility.
5	The Spa is AMAZING!! The jacuzzi acts like a mini volcano that erupts and creating a little in the middle of the pool. There are 2 spots where you can lay down in and get a body jet massage!! Nice! Love the igloo room to cool down. The Wave Room! They have the most comfortable recliner. Invert back so your feet are up in the air and you head in almost to the floor. Sooo relaxing and good for your back!! Finally I got my 50 min facial!! Pure bliss!! A nice relaxation area to read and the coed conservatory great with the perfect atmosphere of green and water and lighting!! I love the Canyon Ranch till next time!! I think it better than Qua!
2	Totally agree with some of the previous reviewers, this is a mediocre spa for Vegas and if you think it's great just try the Wynn.  I got a Transformation Facial there today and was sorely disappointed.  I get facials regularly and know what I like, which is to say something that will improve the texture and tone of my skin.  When I booked my appointment I asked for the most aggressive facial and was assured this was it... WRONG!  I couldn't detect one salon strength product that was used, and my estethican Deanna actually left right in the middle of the treatment for 10 minutes, I'm assuming to let my mask dry but why wouldn't she have just done a massage as advertised on their website and brochure?  Very oddI also found it awkward that she used latex gloves throughout the whole treatment.  She also seemed very irritated when I kept asking what products she was using on my face, a good estetician will always preface before putting on your face with the name and ingredients of the product.All in all a very disappointing experience, although the facilities are decent - it feels a bit like a cattle call. They're definitely after quantity not quality.   Having been to many other spas in Vegas, I can say this is not the case for the Wynn, W and Mandalay Bay.
4	staying at the venetian and coming to this spa was the best!! I got the deep tissue massage - 50 mins for 180 dollars and got to use the whole spa facility!Steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, wave room (relaxing room), etc.. everything was also clean! everything was worth it
5	I have never been disappointed here. I have been here three times and I alway walk away so relaxed and revived. I highly recommend James G for a massage. I like my massages to be deep. One of the best massages of my life. Hands down. I also had the gold facial. It was so refreshing. I forgot the estheticians name but she was Brazilian. She was so sweet and she helped me pick out some great products for my skin. The rest of the spa is amazing. I LOVE the rainforest shower! Amazing! I also had the best spa pedi and mani here. The nail polish lasted a month!
2	A review for their mani/pedi.HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  You would think a name like Canyon Ranch Spa at THE VENETIAN would provide top notch quality for their mani/pedis but boy was I in for a surprise.First the mani/pedis are done in the salon on the Palazzo side - which meant i had to walk really far from the Venetian to get to my appointment.  I got there on time and they made me wait for over 10 minutes.  I was already irked because I have a limited amount of time in vegas and that precious time should be not be spent waiting.The whole vibe felt like I was in a busy grocery store.  It was so loud in there and too many people bustling around.  I thought i would be able to relax at the "spa" but it was so noisy and my technician was kind of weird.  She was awkward to talk to so I just gave up and stared over her shoulder while she did my nails.Before we started she asked me to soak my fingers and the water was boiling hot! I asked her to add some cold water in and she said "oh no it's ok it's just something for you to do while i get ready".  Um ok, I just scald my fingers and you don't even apologize??She filed my nails into a decent shape but her painting skills definitely lacked.  My nails looked so goopy and thick afterward.  She tried to clean the polish on my finger and cuticle by dipping a brush into nail polish remover.  I've seen this done before but her technique wasn't really good and she left my nails with dual layers like she couldn't really paint my nails correctly.To top it off, she messed up my thumb.  Instead of starting over (which she should have) she just dipped her finger into nail polish remover and tried to smooth it out.  It was so obvious and ugly! She was definitely rushing to get me to my pedicure appointment because she was so behind and loopy.The pedicure was just ok.  They had the spa whirlpool chairs which I don't like because I'm paranoid of germs.  There was nothing special to the pedicure.  The guy (yes a dude and i'm sorry but i really don't like men giving me pedicures.  It just creeps me out) pumiced the bottom of my feet so much that by night time i felt the soles of my feet hurting.  I think he may have overdid it.My toe nails chipped after 1 day.  Finger nail polish stayed in tack for almost a week.  I did go back to talk to someone about the lack of quality of the services but all they offered was to redo my nails and toes.  I really didn't have the time or patience to go through it again.Worst $150 i ever spent on myself! Yes it cost big bucks and it sucked!(1 star bonus for letting me keep the nail polish)
5	I had my hair cut and styled by Krisztina Kucsma. She was super sweet. I was afraid to cut my hair. I have been trying to grow it out for months now, but she left me with the perfect cut. She also blow dryed my hair to perfection. I have naturally curly hair and she never touched a straightener. I was amazed. Everyone who has touched my hair has always used a straightener. I was so happy. My hair looked gorgeous and it had loads of volume. I highly recommend Krisztina.
4	I spent the better part of weekend (and a lot of my bank account) on this spa, so you'd think it would be 5 stars, but here's why not:1. price, not super expensive, but hey, it's NOT cheap2. got a couples massage first day w/husband.  His was meh, & so was mine.  Maybe the therapists, not sure.  Wasn't awful or anything, but I've had better & for the price...However, I spent the next day & got a cocoon (OHMYGAWD, you should totally get one!) & then a facial.  Was so relaxed I signed up for a full body massage.  Had lunch while waiting in the cafe.The facial was AMAZING.  I'm not sure how or what she did, but WOW! Because of the facial I signed up for another massage which was too rough (& I usually like them that way) the next day.  So 4 stars instead of 5.  Also LOVED the water area, the different saunas, hot tub, relaxing area & the salt grotto was my favorite. Found the wave room to be odd (bird chirping, not wave sounds...wha?)
5	Phil at Canyon Ranch was hand trained by the founder of our company, Perry Gastis, at The Gentlemens Refinery.  I can tell you that Phil is one of the most professional and skilled barbers that Perry has ever trained.  In full disclosure, I have never received a shave from Phil, however we regularly receive feedback from his clients that they received the best straight razor shave of their lives from Phil!  Thank you for the great work and representing The Gentlemens Refinery products and shave service so well.As for the rest of the spa, the place is immaculately clean and the service from Blake (spa director) and support staff is top notch.
4	After another night of boozing, I came here to get a massage early the next morning. I got the 50 minute Swedish massage and it was amazing. One of the best massages that I have ever received! After the massage, I decided to hang out a bit. Well, a bit turned into 4 hours. There are plenty of amenities to take advantage of--trust me.I sat in the Finnish sauna for a while, went in the spa, tried out the tropical showers, went into the salt room, laid down in the wave room, took a shower, and got dressed. They had complimentary tea out and fruits. Besides the ladies' lounge, there is a men's lounge and a community lounge. The community lounge was big and very peaceful. Lots of natural lighting and a fountain. Plenty of magazines too!After all my time in the spa, I felt energized to go out and party again after flying home to LA. Also note that if you don't want a massage but want to use the other services, you can get a day pass for $40. A couple of my coworkers did this and they said it was totally worth it.
2	Nooooot so much :(The treatments were fine, but for Canyon Ranch prices, i certainly expected a Canyon Ranch experience via the creation of an environment with a "special something" to it.  Instead, the whole place felt more like a basement.  Really.  A glorified gym perhaps (though the gym itself was certainly NOT at all glorious: nice equipment, yes... but tenement-gray everything and hospital lighting, lending to an overall dingy feel.And oh my stars, the steam room was just plain silly -- sooooo loud when the steam was on, which is fine -- except they also piped in music of which you'd only hear annoying, muffled hints when the steam was going (as if there was a party 2 rooms down).  I mean, hhhello?????Ugh, you'd think they'd spend at least a fraction of what they spent on their ridiculous disney-showers on things like sound-design, lighting, and a little umpf to the decor (i'm all for minimal, but you'd better do it right if you're gonna do it).Even with all of the above, i might have given it a 3 but...although the facial was great -- the esthetician "mentioned" an extra treatment that i "may" want to add-on for an extra 40 bucks......and then just went ahead and blended it in at the end (nope, no mention of it again, nor confirmation of any kind that i approved the add-on), making it a whopping $280 for a just-plain-BASIC facial (which, considering the overall mediocrity of the place, should have been half that) .So ANYway: I fkn HATE shysters and, bottom line: tacking on that little $40 mask was a tacky, shyster move.  Baaaad bad girl .... and dismal, dismal "creation of an experience" environment.  I mean did some corporation buy the Canyon Ranch branding rights or what?
3	The whole spa is beautiful!  There is a dedicated area for cell phone use.  The robes are plush but have no pockets.  The slippers were pretty nice for spa wear.  The top layer is soft gel so they don't hurt when you put them on.  They have rain fall shower areas with a cool mist, rain storm and a third setting.  This was nice except you can't adjust the temperature of the water.  Outside of that area were two saunas.  A dry one, with long benches and built in head rest.  The other was a humidity room.  Being from the east coast I know what humidity feels like and does to your hair so I skipped that room.  Next to that is a hot tub area.  The hot tub changes which is pretty to watch.  If you are shorter stay alert cause when all the jets are on you will get water in your face and if you lay back your hair gets wet.  The temperature was nice but I wished it was bigger.  If a third person gets in its a tight fit.  The heated chairs next to the hot tub were amazing.  Great place to catch a nap, except for the noise of the jets.  There is an ice room next to the hot tub, it is neat to see but I didn't see a sole go in for any amount of time.  Next is a herbal chill room,  the ceiling was made to look like stars and you could change the aroma.  This room would be cooler if you could lay down but that's not an option.  When you get a couples massage you get picked up from the women/men waiting area and they bring you to a smaller waiting area where your therapists gathers you from.  I could have skipped this room...it was small and reminded me more of a doctors office than a spa.  You are then escorted to the treatment room.  Which aren't anything fancy.  The massage was great.  The therapists was just friendly enough to make you comfortable.  I also like that at the end of the massage she wiped off some that oil so I felt less like a seal.  When the massage is over they take you to a very cool co-ed lounge area.  If I ran this spa, this is where you would wait for your massage to begin rather than the tiny waiting room.  It's large bright and has a water feature.  Inside this room there is a room that simulates being under water.  This sounds cooler than it is.  You lay in a leather chair and on the ceiling it looks like water coming on the shore.  The chairs were comfortable but I wish there was some kind of music to enhance the feel of this room.  The second room is a salt water room with heated curved stone benches.  This room was cool and comfortable with changing colors and stars on the ceiling a nice place to relax with your other.
3	Visited 3 spas over 4th of July Weekend (Bathouse and Mandarin were other 2) and this was second to Mandarin.  Exceptional lounge area.....wet area was okay....the aesthetician (did i spell that right?) was AWWWWWWWWWWWESOME!!! Even the room and the table were exquisite.  Downside...the hardsell on products after the facial was a turnoff...checkin took forever cuz front desk staff couldn't figure out how to process a SpaFinder gift card.....refreshments in the lounge area were just okay.  I think I could have given it 4 stars if it were any place else but with the reputation of Canyon Ranch....the expectations were pretty high but I still recommend them.  Plenty of attendants who are very friendly and easy to find.
1	Unsanitary.  Get in the hot tub and look up.  Enough said.  Pedi/mani was mass market.  How on earth does this place keep ranking #1 in the country when they don't keep up with the green growth on their ceiling.
5	We go to Vegas for ladies trips specifically for relaxation so we make it a point to go to the spa. Stayed at the Palazzo so went to the Canyon Ranch Spa in the hotel. We found the prices at this spa to be really high (starts at $160) so most of us opted for a spa pass instead. This spa had so many rooms you could spend a whole day here! They have showers that have 3-themes (tropical storm, rain forest, and fog) - the water spouts and lights change, a dry steam room, hot steam room, another hot steam room, heated lounging chairs, fruit and lots of different teas....awesome! My only complaint would be the other guests who are buck naked and insist on literally sitting on your lap in the hot tub. Ugh.
4	My girl friends and I had an impromptu spa day here while we were in Vegas the other weekend. Honestly, they were having a discount on spa services and that made it more affordable. It was cheaper but not cheap. The Aquavana environment is amazing. I've been to a few spas before and this is one of my favorites. The amenities of the spa were grand and plentiful. I felt like a kid in a candy store as I went from one thing to the next. They have amenities that I haven't experienced before: Igloo, heated loungers, Experiential Rains, Crystal Steam Room, Wave Room, and Salt Grotto. The only thing that I can mention is that some of the areas weren't that quite. It might have been the other giddy group of girl that were there and I can definitely understand their excitement. However, it just seemed that the staff wasn't so strict on the relaxation/quiet rule. My massage was good. It wasn't the greatest but it wasn't bad either. The special touches that they did included an offered to spray my sheets with a nice aromatic smell and the therapist putting a warm bead bag on my lower bag and then over my eyes during the massage. If only this place was cheaper and near my hometown. 4 1/2 stars
5	We love it here. They have amenities that most spas dont have that include an herbal room, an igloo, tropical showers, and a common area with a wave room and salt grotto. Magazines, fruits, and beverages. This place is truly a gem among the vegas spas. If you are staying at the Palazzo you are already paying a resort fee so it is only an additional 20 per person to use the facility. Not sure about the massages because i have never booked one.
1	This review is for the Spa's business aspect. I went there at the end of July and when I checked my credit card statement in August, there was an extra $20 charge. One of the charges was correct in that it was $240 and I had the itemized receipt for that. That copy was also the one that I signed for at the front desk. When I called and explained the situation to the receptionist, she told me that my bill was actually $260 and the extra $20 charge was just the balance in what I did not pay. WHAT?! I have my copy of the receipt and it's only for $240. Because she could not give me a better explanation, she passed me over to a girl in accounting. After doing some research on the situation, the girl called me back.She told me that the $20 was for a coupon that I had used but because I was already getting a discount on the services, the coupon was void (you can't combine discounts/promotions.) Someone had caught the mistake and charged me for the value of the coupon.Now I know it's only $20 and I don't care about getting the money back but I am really upset about this for a few reasons. 1) I asked the lady who was ringing me up if I could use the coupon and she said yes, without any question or hesitation. If she would have told me no and explained the reason why, I would have accepted it because it makes sense. But she didn't. 2) I was not contacted when this mistake was found; I only found out when I looked over my credit card statement. I didn't even sign for this extra $20. Isn't it against the law to charge someone without their knowledge and signature? This business practice was totally unprofessional and I expected more from a high-end establishment like this one. Even though I really liked their spa, I don't appreciate how this experience panned out.
5	I loved my visit to this spa.  I booked a massage for noon on a weekday and arrived 2 hours early.  It was not overly crowded and I was able to use all of the facilities I wanted to.  Everything here was absolutely beautiful!!  I didn't want to leave and ended up spending 4 hours total there.The robes were great, but the slippers were not at all comfortable to me.  No problem, I just left them off most of the time.  The Aquavana area was great.  I loved the experiential rain showers.  They had sound and light effects to go along with the type of shower (there were 3 different settings) such as Tropical storm.  The cool fog one was a bit too chilly to me.  The herbal laconium room was cool too, but could have been a little warmer.  The arctic room was neat.  I don't love the cold, but it was refreshing after a hot jacuzzi.  The dry sauna was without a doubt the best I have ever seen.  It had one wall of glass so it didn't feel like a cedar closet like most of the do.  It was just beautiful.  I used every room, tub, sauna, etc at least 2 times (like I said, I was here 4 hours).  I even showered twice and went through 2 robes!.The vanity area was huge and had all the products I needed/wanted.  The womens lounge was extremely cool too.  Big chaise lounges separated by sheer curtains for privacy, little reading lights and a spot for your beverage. The thing that sets this spa apart from others for me was the conservatory/wave room area.  The conservatory was huge with many different sitting areas and just decorated beautifully.  I didn't expect the wave room to be one of my favorites, but I loved it!!  I could have fallen asleep in there.  The chairs were so incredibly comfortable!  Just a neat concept that I have not seen at other spas.  The staff was great.  The massage was good.  Next time I will just get the daily pass and skip the massage since my favorite part was all the other facilities.  It was a wonderful experience.
3	Wow! This place is HUGE and the facilities are great. I only wish they had more co-ed options besides the salt grotto and the wave room. The wet area is awesome. The igloo, the tropical showers, whirlpool, steam room and sauna  were the best part. It was a little expensi but all the attendants were super nice. I got the ice cream pedi and then just hung out in the spa the rest of the afternoon. After a late night/ early morning that's the way to go. I was a little surprised that there wasn't a "spa pool" option. But mauybe there was and I just didn't find it. Next time I'll skip the treatment and just pay the $40 bucks to enjoy the facilities :)
5	Our afternoon at Canyon Ranch was truly delightful. Booked side-by-side pedicures along with a spaclub passport so we could use the fitness center. (If you do this we suggest you check out the wellness schedule in advance - -huge variety of cool classes!)  If your goal is to relax and reflect, as mine was on this day, the "aquavana experience" here is not to be missed. Plan some extra time for it. The co-ed environments (large co-ed conservatory, salt grotto, wave room) are awesome spots. (So many spas don't feature co-ed environments, and this spa has three!)   I also relished my time in the crystal steam room, experiential rains, finnish sauna, herbal laconium and hydrospa.  I'm all about the details and even the iced tea and hot tea selections in the lounge areas were beyond fabulous. Maria & Jonathan were amazing (pedicures). Susan, the on-site exercise physiologist I met, is terrific. Not only did she answer some of my questions about the equipment and share some pointers, but she also introduced me to her colleague Carisse to answer some of my specific questions. Marion, the spa attendant in the women's lounge, offered first class service - as did everyone in guest services. They offer a locals discount and have a great on-site restaurant, too.  I can't wait to return.
4	Canyon Ranch, you have opened up the flood gates to a very dangerous and expensive addiction for a woman who constantly have sore feet and tensed muscles. Because of you, I am now addicted to spa treatments. Whew that there are a few options being in Northern California! My ladies and I visited for a bachelorette wknd and I had the best nap of my life that lasted for like 2 weeks (meaning I was relaxed for about two weeks). Considering, in my profession, stress is a pre-req that's pretty good. When we first stepped in, we were greeted by staff and provided with our keyless lockers (pretty cool contraptions), zendals, and robes. We were given a tour of the amenities. Then the tops came off and we waddled first into the dry sauna and steam rooms. The dry sauna was ok, but it resembled a lot like the heat that was outside. It was 106F in Vegas that weekend. We ventured next to the tropical showers where you could experience different tropical rains. Birds and rain forest sounds in the background, nice touch! The rain even smelled like sweet rain. Steam room: This room is HOT and super misty! and the humidity makes you sweat the first seconds you're in there. The higher you decided to lie down, the hotter and sweater you get. For me, it was very cleansing and calming sweat.  For others, it was hard to breath. Hot tub whirlpool:  Full body massage in the jacuzzi. Herbal Laconium: my favorite room, slightly heated room with aromatherapy. Cold air blows on your foot  inducing circulation. Igloo: Bursts of cold water. Not my favorite but got me plenty awake. Co-ed Salt Groto: Heated benches for chillin Wave Room: Pods for napping in complete silence as waves are projected on the ceiling, giving the illusion that you're under water. Conclusion: For $20 bucks you get unlimited use of these amenities, we could've even returned back the same day. This has been the most comprehensive spa that I've been to thus far and I'm looking forward to coming back.
1	This was not a good experience. They called my name like they were taking roll call and I felt like I was simply another body to get done. Two hundred dollars I'll never see again...
5	Maybe I'm a novice when it comes to men's spas, but my experiences there have been absolutely wonderful!    The staff is exceptional, the facility is tidy, and the atmosphere is so serene.  I've had multiple massages there over the course of 2 years of visiting and they have all been heaven on earth.  And the $40 day pass to the spa (its $20 if you stay at the Venetian/Palazzo and pay the resort fee) is well worth it.  You get free access to the spa if you receive a service or pay the $40, but either way, you are in for a great experience.First off, the massage was the best I've ever had.  I have back problems and have gone to numerous massage therapists over the years and nothing else compares to the massage you receive here.  My last therapist's name was Cheryl and she was amazing.  I think all of the therapists are top-notch, but in case you wanted someone by name, Cheryl Lawrence is the person you should ask for by name. The only con I have with the place is that the sandals can be quite painful to wear.  I definitely have sensitive feet, so it may not be a problem for everyone.  Just an observation.My favorite amenity is the Steam room.  Yes, it's just a simple steam room, but it is extremely misty and humid.  There's also a slight aromatherapy scent in there.  However, it is great for anyone who is looking to detox from a long night out.  And while in Vegas, detox is definitely useful.There's also an igloo room that provides a cold 41 degree shower with fresh scents.  My favorite thing to do is go into the steam room for 10-15 minutes then jump right into the igloo room.  The intense hot/cold sensations are amazing!There's also a Herbal Laconium which is used mainly for aromatherapy, Hot tub, Tropical shower like rooms, and co-ed relaxation rooms. You can definitely lose track of time there, but then again you never know what time of day it is in any Vegas casino anyway.  Wonderful experience.  Highly recommended.  I don't know what the other men's spas are like, but I know every guy in the locker room there raves about the experience they have there.  No complaints, except for the sandals! But that's me being nit-picky.
4	This is the BIGGEST spa I've ever been to.  But, bigger is not necessarily better.  The walk to the spa is long in and of itself.  You pass through a hallway painted in ultra-bright colors (not a fan) before you reach pastels and then finally the desk to check in.  Overall, we enjoyed ourselves, but when I find myself comparing certain aspects unfavorably to Burke Williams...well, let's just say they could improve on some things...AQUAVANA:  Their signature thermal environments and the primary reason to try this spa.  Aquavana offers six single-sex, clothing-optional areas and three co-ed, clothing required areas.  In order of most to least favorite: * Crystal Steam Room - This room was very nicely heated and steamed, but features no aromatic element like eucalyptus.  There's supposed to be "a large central crystal to inspire and focus meditation" but I must've missed it.* Finnish Sauna - A classic Finnish dry-heat sauna.  Good level of heat, but when I was in there, a client accidentally bumped her elbow into the back rest and it came off the wall!* Hydrospa - It's described as "a variety of massage fountains [that] provide gentle massage" but it's basically a fancy jacuzzi and a small one at that.  I didn't try this part, but I did love the HEATED LOUNGE CHAIRS!  There are six of them and they are definitely worth your time!* Experiential Rains - There are two cooling showers, each offering a "rain storm" of your choice: Caribbean Storm, Tropical Rain or Cool Fog.  The rain is provided by overhead shower heads and the shock of the cold water will induce squeals!* Herbal Laconium - There are six seats in this room, each of which is recessed into the wall.  It's supposed to provide a gentle warming via an herbal-infused steam.  I found it to be a pleasant environment to meditate in.  But, the steam is very subtle.* Igloo -  A room that provides three Arctic mist experiences.  It's even colder than the rains!* Conservatory - This was the only co-ed area I visited.  It's last on my list because it's an area to lounge in and nothing particularly special.  There's lots of seating, fruit and beverages.BODY WORK / TREATMENT ROOMS:  We each got a 50-minute conditioning body scrub and there are four to choose from.  The descriptions don't say very much and when we inquired at booking, the receptionist was unable to provide very much more detail.  I went with the Mango Sugar Glo because I love the scent of mangos!  My therapist, Kristi, was very friendly and paid attention to my request that she avoid scrubbing a nasty bruise on my shin.  After my scrub, she had me soak in a private jacuzzi in the room before applying a body lotion on me.  I was very happy with my experience, though I should have told her to scrub harder.  She naturally applied a firmer touch the further in she got into my treatment.  My friend had the Energizing Scrub with a signature blend of ground arabica coffee and Dead Sea salt.  She enjoyed it and added a scalp treatment, but rather than adding time to her session, this add-on cut into her time!  That doesn't seem fair given that you pay extra and then don't receive your full treatment!IT'S ALL IN THE DETAILS:  Here's where I think they fall short for me...* When we booked our sessions we asked for therapists who would provide a firmer scrub, but this request did not end up getting passed along.  I think this is similar to calling a fancy restaurant ahead of time to make special requests.  For the money you pay at this spa, you expect personal attention.* The receptionist who checked us in never smiled or greeted us in any manner resembling warmth.  BW is oodles more friendly than this spa.  They also only have one person working the check in/out desk.  While we waited in line to check-out, another staffer came by but didn't help anyone.  He simply walked away.  Finally a female staffer came by to help us, but unlike BW, she couldn't figure out how to charge 20% tip as she couldn't pull up the amount of our services.  Again, so very odd for such a fancy spa.* Their robes don't come with pockets.  Also, a large size comes standard in their lockers.  You have to ask at the front desk for another size and the robes run big.  By the way, if you need hair ties, you can also ask at the front desk.* The cold towels were not re-stocked the entire time I was there (about four hours).  I kept walking by as the towels dwindled down to zero.  At BW, they keep the supply well-stocked.* The fruit did not look appetizing at all.  There was iced tea, but I couldn't find any tea bags to make hot tea.  Plus, I only found one water dispenser with citrus in it.* Unlike BW, they don't have separate containers for clean and dirty hairbrushes.  Instead, if you want to use them you have to pull them out of some nasty solution, hair and all.  VERY GROSS.ENDING ON A GOOD NOTE:  I love their locker keys.  It's a small plastic key card that you press into the lock to open it.
2	Been wanting to try this spa at Palazzo for quite some time after reading great reviews on it. I've been to quite a few spas and I must admit I was pretty disappointed. For the amount of money that you pay for the services there and it being one of the top ten spas on the strip, this place did not meet my expectations.   FOOD/SNACKS- Water with lemon/orange slices- Apples, Oranges- No bananas or granola bars!LOUNGE AREA- Big Lounge area in back, very modern with wave shaped couches, nice sectioning with  privacy curtains - good for group seating. Ample chairs with magazine and newspapers. MASSAGES- Expensive, Ranges $150-$280 for 50-80 min. depending on which one you get. I got the tension zone therapy massage - it was so-so. The day we went we got a second treatment for $60 off. FACILITIES-Aquavana experience was okay. Good sized, sauna, small hot tub (too small for the facility I thought), Crystal Steam room (smells funny, no aromatherapy), Herbal Laconium (strange sitting room with herbs), Igloo (room for super cold showers). BEAUTY ITEMS/MISC-Cold wet towels on ice-Ample body lotion and baby oil- No Cucumber slices! My friend and I had booked our treatments around 1pm so we had a light breakfast and planned to spend the whole day at the Spa before heading over to Maestros for dinner. Normally, most spas would provide bananas or granola bars for guests to snack on between services but they had none, so we were starving by the time we left for dinner around 5pm. So remember to eat well before you come here. I don't know if it was just the day that we went or if it is normally like this, but the whole time we were there and relaxing in the lounge area, there would be this huge pounding noise coming from the ceiling above us which happened almost on the hour every hour. Woke me up like three times while I was trying to take a nap. Last but not least, they had no cucumber slices. This is a staple for most spas...and for a high end spa not to have this is big no-no. The staff there were friendly and courteous, very professional. We didn't have to wait long and were able to book our appointments the day before.  However, I would probably not come here again until they have made some improvements.
5	My mom and I visited Canyon Ranch last weekend and I had a wonderful deep tissue massage with Clarissa.  I was very skeptical as sometimes spa massages are not as firm because the therapists have a lot of appointments per day.  The spa itself is very nice and as other reviewers have noted the facility is very large.  I do have to agree though that that having whole fruit as the only snack is cumbersome.  Who wants to peel an orange while trying to relax at the spa?
1	Ok - so this place boasts about being the biggest spa in the US.  I claim it to be one of the worst high-end day spas.  And biggest day spa?  All that means is that it take 10 minutes for you to walk from the front entrance to the locker room and then another 10 minutes to your service room.The front staff attendant was rude and completely unhelpful.  The other front staff attendant was just an airhead.  Really, if you hate your job - just quit.   The problems escalated from the very beginning.  Before my arrival, I called to book appointments for myself and 6 other friends.  I left a voice-mail at Canyon Ranch Spa - no call back.  I should have taken this as a sign and they just don't want your business.  So, I called to book my reservation through the concierge desk.    The concierge desk specifically indicated that when you book a service over $40, you also get full access to the facilities - day spa, fitness equipment and group classes - which are attached.  This par for course in the spa world.  And it should be here as well, since the minimum spa service starts at $160 and upwards to $280.  We arrive 10 minutes prior to the group class and the front desk attendant tells me I have to pay an additional $20 per person to use the fitness facilities.  After a back and forth about how I'm wrong, we get the concierge desk on the phone and the front desk attendant starts arguing with the Hotel Concierge.  Meanwhile I'm waiting at the front desk, and now we're all 10 minutes late for our fitness class.   Then after the class the (not-so-fit)ness instructor scolds me for wanting to take an extra bottle of water for our friend (seriously, WTF)?     Here you'll pay an average of $3.50 per minute for your service.  Of course, this pays for your massage (my therapist was very nice and gave a solid good massage), access to the facilities except the fitness studio,  the towel service (the locker room staff were actually quite pleasant).Really - if the staff was just thoughtful and professional, it could easily be a 5-star spa worthy of the 5-star prices.
3	80 minute massage...great way to start the day.Nice spa, nice massage BUT the prices were over the top ridiculous ($280 for 80 minutes pre-tip - that makes it a $336 massage with tip- really???) and the staff at the front desk with the exception of the woman who checked us in were out to lunch. 80+ treatment rooms. Loved the common areas for relaxing. Doubt I would go back, better places for the money. The place was barely occupied -wonder why.
3	As far as most spas go, Canyon Ranch is near the top.  In general, EXCELLENT therapy, and beautiful atmosphere.  You can comfortably spend all your free time (before or after) in the ladies only aquavana area, which has:nice sized steam room (needs eucalyptus though)Jacuzzi surrounded by *bonus* heated loungersrainforest showers that have built in bird soundshuge dry saunaartic "dip' room which I was too cowardly to tryand on and on.The co-ed area has great features as well.  Lovely lounge, water therapy room with zero-gravity recliners (i'm buying one), and salt grotto which seemed cool in principle, but did nothing for me.  Well-stocked with grooming amenities, but light on fruit and snacks.  Just a bunch of tea and water.  boo.Three other major boo's:"massaging" flip-flops are torture devices from hell.  My dilemma:  brave the spa and its cooties barefoot, or walk around bleeding to death on these things.  Not a happy choice.Half marathon from lounges to therapy rooms.  in the bed-of-nails flip-flops.Product sales pitch (complete with a guided tour of the spa shop) after EVERY treatment.  Fine if you are there for one massage.  I did a full day.  Four trips to the shop was doing to my head what those damn flip flops were doing to my feet.Recommendations:  the deep cleansing facial.  Best I've ever had.  Ever.
1	Extremely disappointed.The facilities were ok, not lush and plush. The environment is loud, brightly lit, and not at all calming nor relaxing.I was so dissatisfied I requested to speak with the management, which I waited over 20 minutes for. Once I spoke to the manager he had me wait another 20 minutes to finish our conversation.  The manager was not concerned or very apologetic.So disappointed in the experience, facility, and management I spoke to the concierge, but got the same sort of response... not concerned or apologetic, just wanted me to go away.I'll never return to this facility again, I'll stick with Qua at Caesar's Palace, now they know how to pamper and relax their guests!
4	My favorite spa facility!  They have the normal steam rooms, sauna, hot tubs, etc., they also have a cold room, experiential showers (my favorite part of the spa), and several other features.I got a massage, which was okay, but the facilities made up for the ho-hum massage.
5	I've been here time and time again for my annual massage.  By chance I happened to get the same therapist 2 years in a row - he was awesome.  He was very attentive to my requests.  He really knows what he's doing, very informative, helpful, and polite.  I would come back to request him...although I forgot his name already.  A few days later I returned for a gel manicure (Shellac).  I forgot the manicurist's name (go figure!) but she was a perfectionist.  It took exactly the promised time of 60 minutes and although it was pricey it was well worth it.  I was a very happy customer.
4	This spa is enormous....I heard it's the biggest spa in the world, but not sure if that's true.  I googled for about a minute to see if it was true, couldn't find out immediately, over it.  Pretty big though...I went with a group of friends....got there early enough to use all the Aquavana stuff.  The rain shower was great right after the gym...3 different settings with different colors, and a cooling fog as the pressure changes from light rain to torrential downpour.  The igloo room is a nice option for a post-gym cool-down as well, though I wasn't a huge fan of being sprayed by water in a cold room.  I loved the steam rooms, as well as the whirlpool or sauna to relax in before your treatment.I had a 50 minute shiatsu massage.  We walked by close to five million massage rooms before we arrived at our final destination.  Curious, I asked how many massage therapists are on at any given time...she said there were about 150 currently working that hour.  Crazy.The massage was just what I needed after a long night of bachelorette party shinanigans in uncomfortable heels all night...a combo of deep pressure and stretching.  I melted into the massage table, and was pretty sure they were going to have to manhandle me to get me out of that room after...cuz I wasn't moving.  Okay fiiiiiine...I'll get up...but only because you promised me a salt grotto and wave room to hang out in, as well as lots of fresh fruit and teas...Overall, great experience.  Minus one star because it is ridiculously expensive...$160 for a 50 minute massage is definitely a bit much.  We got a package for $180 where they tack on a $15 voucher at the cafe (which has lots of healthy options), and a $20 voucher for the spa store.
4	I came here for a couple's 50 minute massage back in november..it came with a package deal that i bought with room, gambling money, etc for the palazzo..the experience was great! the facility was huge and it was my bf's first time getting a massage..and he enjoyed it too!..we didn't go try any of the spas other amenities..just the massage and relaxation room, then back to our room to pack and check out..
1	AWFUL.  Avoid this place all together.  It's a far walk from the rooms with TERRIBLE facilites.  There is a single hot tub in the facility & it's slightly larger than a typical bath.  The co-ed areas are a nice idea (esp. for a couple), but somewhat lame.  The wave relaxation area had several non-functional chairs.  My advice:  Skip the Canyon Ranch & head over to the MGM spa.
4	What an AWESOME place! I am so glad I came to check it out. It's normally $40 for a day pass but hotel guests get it for only $20. I also used the SpaFinder gift certificate I purchased from Costco (at a 20% discount) to pay for the pass and services. We spent a little over 3-hours there.+ soft robe- uncomfortable sandals+ lockers that are very high tech+ jacuzzi+ heated chairs in the jacuzzi room- igloo - who wants a 40 degree shower? did not enjoy that+ sauna+ steam room+ crazy shower thing that had 3 settings - mist, tropical shower, Caribbean storm (go with #2!)+ lounge with magazines, water, ice tea, fruitthen there were the co-ed portions...+ COMFY lounge chairs+ wave room (where you lean backwards and look at waves on the ceiling)+ SALT GROTTO! my favorite part of the day and the best nap I had :)The only part that sucked was the entrance was hard to find. Other than that, it was a great experience. I can't wait to go back!
2	I went to the Canyon Ranch Salon at The Palazzo Hotel for the Ultimate Manicure, which features the CND Shellac nail polish. CND does not have an extensive color selection so I went with Romantique, which is a natural pinkish polish. Shellac polish is supposed to last between 10-14 days.  I'm on day five with no signs of peeling but for a natural girl that loves manicures my nail polish is semi thick like gel nails. My nail technician was nice but for $85 ($75 dollars plus $10 tip). I would prefer either a weekly or bi-weekly manicure.
4	Great hair salon. Great cuts and color.  My only problem are the front desk people. Rude and snooty. Somebody fire that little brunette who's a barking Chihuahua.
3	Located in the Palazzo Hotel, this location of the Canyon Ranch Spa is huge- with over 80 treatment rooms. Makes it pretty easy to get an appointment when you want it. They ask that you arrive 30 minutes prior to your treatment, and in most places I don't do this- but you should here as it takes almost all that time just to get through all the processes before you can relax. First you pay at the front desk, and then they direct you to the locker room where you are directed to your locker. While the robes are big and soft, the sandals pinch (I was actually thinking this was only me but many of the women in the lounge area were commenting on it) You then sashay your way down to the relaxation lounge where you are picked up for your treatment. Along the way to your treatment room , you will pass the meditation room. In here there are waterfalls, a salt "cave" and other places to relax and reflect. I had three services here. The massage was 5 stars all the way. If you have an opportunity to request a therapist and are visiting on a Friday- Monday- ask for Geoffrey. For a deep tissue- this guy is great! Strong hands that really get in there and work out whatever ails you.  Ths was a really nice deep tissue massage and Geoffrey was such a great guy. A 50 minute deep tissue massage runs about $180 plus tip. My facial was nice but really nothing to rave about. In my book, the thing that sets apart a great spa from an okay one is whether or not they try to sell me all the stuff they put on my face at the end of the facial. I hate when they push all of their products. And this esthetician wouldn't let me relax as she was trying to sell me a motorized brush through the whole experience. I'm okay if you want to write down what you used, but stop with the sales pitch especially when a facial runs about $150. And I l also used the salon to have my hair styled. Nice job and both of the stylists that I had were great. Pricey though. At home- a wash and blow dry runs about $35 for my length of hair. Here? $80. I've been to spas all around the world and Canyon Ranch has a great reputation but this location fell a little flat for me. It's a good place to wile away the time in Vegas if you are not a big gambler but I never really felt like I was being pampered like I do at other spas I visit. And at the prices this place charges? I should have left feeling like a Queen!
4	I love this spa! I have been to several and nothing compares to this one! For under $30 you can purchase a day pass and use thier world renowned Aquavana facilities. So relaxing. Suana, steam room, various water chambers, aromatherapy and more! Or purchase a service and there is no extra charge to use the facilities. I usually get a massage and facial and these have been the best yet. I give it four stars instead of five because the relaxation room can get a bit noisy when they are annoucing appointments and when they come around to restock and empty the trash. Additionally, if you are entering from the gym side, it is a bit confusing on where to go and check in. Mani and pedicures can be pricey. Not worth the money to me.This time I was not thrilled with my masseur. He was an older gentleman, nice enough, but not someone who I enjoyed having touch me, so it was hard to relax. Normally I enjoy the male masseurs, but this time would have preferred a female.The estitician was very good and took good care of my hand and arm where I had surgery. A mini massage comes with the facial. So be sure to tell your masseuse if you are getting a facial so he/she can focus on other areas so they aren't "double-dipping"Overall, a fabulous place to relax. Allow a few hours to enjoy the entire facility!
5	Now that it looks alot different from the last time that I was there, it took my breath away.  It has expanded and it is beeeeaautiful!!! This is one of the best spas that I have ever experienced in my life and I've been to alot of spas.  My family works in this business so we are very judgemental when it comes to spas.  They have their own cafe with, not only delicious, but healthy as well food.  The only thing is that they are strict when booking and canceling, but it's understandable, and that sometimes they can be completely booked or have limited time slots.  So they're doing great in business.  My recommendation; book ahead of time, (the sooner the better), don't miss your appointment or cancel last minute, and arrive early or stay late to enjoy and make good use of the spa because they have ALOT going on.  (good thing... different things for you to enjoy)
3	I was a little disappointed with my spa treatment and it definitely sucked to have to leave the pool after 5 pm.!Otherwise the bartender at the pool bar was awesome.
4	I was able to fully experience the spa during my most recent visit. The mixology massage was heavenly. I was able to mix my own massage oil. I chose a citrus mint, which helped to open up my sinuses which had  flared up. The actual massage was a mix between swedish and deep tissue, much needed stress reliever. Afterwards, I  vegged in the relaxation lounge, read several magazines, ate fruit, drank tea, and slept. I proceeded to the water therapy room and soaked in the jacuzzi for an hour, followed by the sauna and steam room. I enjoyed my visit so much that I missed my dinner reservation at 7pm. The staff was great. They helped when I needed and left me to explore for myself otherwise. Just as I prefer. Great experience.
3	I can't give 5 stars to a spa that trys to sell me crap during my massage. Yep I felt it was totally tacky! I'm preggo so I got the Mellow Momma prenatal massage and while it felt nice and I was close to relaxed I just couldn't get over the sales pitch. Plus everything felt so rushed, it was weird. I didn't check out the hot and cold rooms b/c of the preggo thing but they did look nice, one MAJOR complain was their system for getting you for your appointments. They literally shout out names in the meditation/relaxation areas. And if they don't find their person quickly they come around and ask you if you are the person they are looking for. Not easy to relax when people are bugging you. I expected more!
2	Very disappointed - this spa is extremely overrated. The work out facility is a lengthy walk from the changing rooms. The walk is a workout in itself. No bottled water, very few water coolers. The equipment is old and dated. The actual spa is decent with some excellent facilities. The steam room is excellent and the hot tub is powerful. The "igloo" shower is refreshing and recommended. The "The Tropical Storm" room is also a worthwhile visit. One of the saunas doesnt even work. The changing rooms offer everything but there is something awkward with the set up. The relaxation room is one of the poorest - I've seen - a bunch of sofa's with a TV. Compare that to the Spa at Mandalay that has fresh fruit, fruit drinks, bottled water, trail mix, three TVs, a variety of newspapers, coffee and tea and available staff, The Wynn and Mandalay spas are much better.
3	I go to Canyon Ranch with my girlfriends when we stay at the Venetian primarily because we're too lazy to go further.  I don't love this place, but I don't hate it either. They have a jacuzzi and dry sauna for the pre-spa stuff. It's all good. However, the builder of the spa, clearly had athletics in mind not pamper.  The brightness of the facilities reminds you of a high school rec room.  The little touches are not there.  Relative to the Mirage, or even the Luxor, there isn't that feeling of feminine luxury lounging that you get.  It's plenty clean and it's a great place to chill, but way too bright.  As for massages, the staff is professional and capable.  They know how to handle burnt skin, which they are accustom to seeing.  They do seem to be a bit weary, as they get a lot of passers through rather than regulars.  But overall, they do good work.  The one thing I will say is that they close late and will let you store your luggage.  if you've got an evening flight and are checking out at 12, this can be used to manage that situation in comfort.
3	Dissapointingly different from how the original Canyon Ranch is represented in books and other reviews.  Over-priced, smaller than the spa @ The Venetian and offers nothing novel besides the expensive energy massage "without physical touch".  Huh??  This isn't my first choice.
2	I visited the Canyon Ranch Spa for a Mixology Massage last weekend in Vegas.  I am an avid massage lover, and I usually go to the Four Seasons in Los Colinas and when in NY, the Mandarin Oriental.  The Four Seasons and Canyon Ranch have similar price points, so I expected similar quality.  It was not.  I was told to arrive 45 minutes prior to my appointment time as I was to custom mix my own body oil to be used during the massage (which sounded WAYYYY more fun then it actually was!!!)  I did arrive early, but by the time I got lost due to confusing directions from an unenthused locker attendant, waiting on my appointment attendant to finish her soda and magazine before shouting my name along with 4 other women as if we were lining up for polio shots, waiting for a sales person to finish selling Clarisonics and add ons before rushing through my and 2 other people's mixology ordeal (again NOT FUN AT ALL and the girl didn't even explain ANYTHING), then waiting in the conservatory for my massage therapist who the shopgirl had laughed "was probably looking for you for the last 10 minutes".  I felt rushed, stressed out, and I was late getting started for my massage.  Now, the massage itself was pretty good, but you know your massage wasn't great when the moment your therapist walks out of the room, you start to rub your own back on the parts he missed....And even though we got started late due to no fault of mine, my massage ended very abruptly and promptly when it would have ended if I were actually getting started on time.  You would think the shop attendant or appointment attendant would have advised the therapist that there had been some mishaps and to make sure I get my full amount of time.  Don't make me be the fussy b*tch that says it.  Also, all these "attendants" accounted for nothing.  They all had lackluster personalities, no smile or warmth at all, and all these helpers and I still had no clue where to go or sit or wait.  At the Four Seasons, someone WALKS YOU FROM SPOT TO SPOT.  And that place isn't even that big!  Even though I am a regular, even if I am only getting an eyebrow wax...someone walks me from the reception desk to the eyebrow wax lady (hi Melissa! You r tha BEST!) and everyone is always friendly and calming and knows exactly how to run the show.Anywho, will never be back.  The End.
4	I am a vivid example of "what happens in Vegas, happens to you". All the Vegas chic flicks have NOTHING on what happens with my friends and me in Vegas and we go there about 4 times a year to relax and escape the California way of life ( yes, we need to escape CA). I take my spa day BEFORE the nervous breakdowns of girlfriends and unfortunate bachelorette parties since I am the one who has to deal with all the aftermath.  There is nothing better then a weekday at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Turn off the phone, tell the security guard to pretend he has never seen you, and tip the front desk to pretend there is no more room at the spa if anyone asks to see you. If you are the first time client, start walking there about an hour before your appointment, the place IS a maze.  The easiest way to get to the Spa is through the Canal Shoppes, not through the hotel unless you happen to live on the 4th floor of the Palazzo.  The sap space is incredible once you get settled in. There are gravity chairs, sauna, steam room , igloo room ( extremely cold shower), tropical showers, a little boutique inside the spa itself, and my favorite, THE SAULT GROTTO. Their robes have no pockets, so you have nowhere to put your locker key, it hangs annoyingly from your hand ALL the time, unless you can improvise. Everything you need is at the Spa, so you just have to show up and let them take care of you. There are fully stocked showers, razer, hair products, and so on. There is virtually nothing to munch on though, so if you plan to spend hours there with girlfriends sneak something in. The entrance fee without any care appointments is $40 per person and you can e there all day. The fee is waived if you have an appointment. ( A little tip: If you sign up for a free GRAZIE casino membership at the Venetian or Palazzo, you get $5 off your treatment  for life. The membership also comes with other perks.) Things to try:1) the Sault grotto2) tropical showers3) their shampoo in the shower4) steam room5) ENERGY RENEWAL with HELENA6) Any pedicure ( you get a bag of gifts with the pedicure, the nail polish and the BEST pedicure of your life custom made to meat your needs)I hear their body wraps are amazing but I after the Hollywood New Beautiful You wrap I am still not ready to attempt one yet.
2	I visited the spa for a manicure with my friend. The manicure was nice but definitely not worth $45! First of all we went to the wrong entrance where we waited behind people taking forever to make an appointment at the spa for the next day. There was a long line and I was surprised the people working there didn't ask them to step aside for a minute while they checked the rest of us in. Anyway, we had to walk down a long corridor where we checked in for our manicures. We chose our colors and were led into another room. As previously mentioned the manicure was nice but I expected it to be more luxurious for $45. It was the equivalent of a $12 "quicky" manicure and was at most 15 mins. We were then led back to the lobby to dry our nails. We did get to keep the bottle of polish but had I known that going in I would have chosen another color :)
3	Disclaimer that this review is only for the workout facilities. I did not get any spa treatments. Overall, a nice "hotel gym" with a ton of cardio equipment. Plenty of pieces so that exercisers don't have to wait and it had  a spacious lay out. I opted to take the fitness classes there. The indoor cycle room has about 10 bikes and there were two instructors I took. They were both excellent (Sunday morning at 10 and Monday morning at 7.) They put out a water bottle and towel for you on each bike and I had a great workout both times. At the end of class, they even bring in a cold towel for every spinner so you can cool off. Nice touch! The cycle classes were a 5 Star experience all the way. Here's where we lose stars. Minus 1 star: Front desk staff is kind of aloof and snippy. They also are in no rush to get members checked in-which is kind of a fail since many people are there for an appointment or a class. Minus 1 star: Even though I paid the $15 "resort fee" for the Venetian which their front desk said would allow me to take the fitness classes, the Canyon Ranch front desk told me that the resort fee only covers the general workout area. To take fitness classes, it's an ADDITIONAL $20 per day. What can I say, I'm a sucker and just did it. Still, I am not sure who I am more mad at-Me for paying it, The Venetian for not being clear on the Resort Fee or Canyon Ranch for charging that exorbitant amount. Guess we're all to blame. Still, despite the fees, I really enjoyed my time working out there and I get OCD without my classes, so it is what it is.
4	I had not been to the spa yet this year and was really looking forward to our spa day at Canyon Ranch Spa. If you haven't been here before this place is huge! I came once on a Saturday a couple of years ago and it felt more like a cattle herd than a relaxing oasis. This time, I made sure to book my appointment on Sunday hoping to get away from the craziness. I booked the 50 minute mixology massage and my therapist was Tanya who was fantastic. Very friendly and very nice. The mixology massage is very unique in the sense that you can mix your own body butter or oil. I combined lavender with frankincense for a very soothing smell! I also had the express facial which was only 30 minutes but my face was glowing after and I definitely saw that my skin was more hydrated after. I really enjoyed this service too! The best thing about the spa is the amenities here: igloo room, rain forest showers, jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, aromatherapy sauna. All of those were lovely! Also there's a salt grotto that is co-ed that I didn't get to use. When you have a treatment you can stay there all day and even use the gym! The only thing that was annoying was this group of girls who were incessantly talking in the sauna (obviously they don't understand the concept of relaxation!) but that is to be expected in Vegas. Fantastic time at Canyon Ranch Spa this time! Tip: if you are coming from the Palazza shops, there is a secret elevator next to Rockport where it takes you directly into the Spa.
3	I was saying at the Palazzo and had a very loonng night in Vegas so I needed to decompress and chill. My friend made two massage appointments and we walked down to the spa.Thanks to my lovely friend, I was treated so I didn't pay, but DAMN was it expensive for the massage that awaited me. Let me first indulge in the actual massage. I asked for a man because I needed someone to really get in there and work on me. My grandma could massage stronger than he did. The overall felt nice, sure it's a massage, what's not to like? But I never expected for my masseuse to be so weak. Needless to say I don't think the massage was worth the money.Now for the facilities. They were good. They had different types of special showers, a spa sauna, steam room, etc. I dunno if it was just me or people don't walk around naked in spas anymore but I was getting the dirtiest looks by the older women in there. When I took off my towel to step into the spa these two russian bags pointed to my nether regions and gapped openly and started frivolously whispering to each other about how I didn't have hair....uh it's called a Brazilian. They finally assumed that me and my friend were strippers and walked out. It was actually pretty funny and I'm glad they left cause they were kinda gross but whatever. All in all my experience was A-OK. I got what I came for, a little r&r.
5	This is my happy place within my happy place.  I can't get much happier than staying at the Palazzo, but throw in a few hours at Canyon Ranch and I'm golden.  First of all, everything is clean.  I'm a neat freak and I hate to see other people's hair in drains, around sinks or on the floor.  That doesn't happen here.  There is a staff that works feverishly to make sure that everything is pristine for each guest that enters.Secondly, there's Marion - the spa attendant.  There are others, but big props go to Marion specifically.  She's the sweetest lady in the whole world and she always remembers me, even if she hasn't seen me in months.  She always remembers that I like an oversized robe too.  She gives tours to newbies and always does it with patience and a smile on her face.Third, my chair.  Oh my chair.  I know, it's just a chair, but when you're waiting in a spa for a treatment, you want a good chair.  They have these loungers in the quiet area, in the back of the room.  They are the perfect size, the perfect shape, and they have the perfect little pillow.  They all each have a little ledge and a little reading light.  They are the perfect place to say you're going to do crossword puzzles, but then end up taking a nap.  It happens every time.  You'll see me there - I'll be the girl passed out holding a book of crossword puzzles.  Four, treatments - I've had a bunch, tried a lot of the weird ones, and I've never had a bad one.  In particular, you MUST try one of the cocoon treatments.  OMG - like lying in a bed of sunshine.  Being enveloped in warmth and happiness.  Also worth noting?  The shirodhara.  Yes, the treatment where they drip hot oil on your head.  It's not Chinese water torture - it's amazing and hypnotic.  So there's the scoop - I don't spend a lot of time in the aquavana area - I'm too busy sleeping in my chair, but I've enjoyed it on occasion.  My only tip?  It gets kind of cool in this spa.  I've said it over and over and over again but apparently the Venetian regulates the temperature and refuses to raise it.  My tip is to wear socks with your slippers.  It makes it nice and comfy when I'm sleeping in my chair.
4	Only used the day spa (no massage this time).  Well worth the $20 daily pass fee for hotel guests.  Highlights include: massaging jacuzzi tub, herbal room, and rain shower experience.  A great place to relax during the day before nighttime festivities.
3	It's over $50 for a basic, nail polish only manicure. Need I say more? They do the the whole hand massage/ scrub thing but that just ends up making your hands raw and in my opinion, was kind of painful. The woman doing my nails was really nice but one of my nails got some dust on it before the polish dried. She re-did the nail really fast by applying like 3 coats of polish in less than 5 minutes. It didn't dry properly because it was so thick/ goopy and just ended up having the air bubble mess going on once it did fully dry. If this manicure costs over $50 plus a tip, re-do the nail right.Nice facility, but overpriced. The staff rushes through the treatment and the service is no different than what you would get at any other high-end nail salon.If you have the cash, go for it. If you're splurging as a treat, go somewhere else and get more for your money.
1	Let me first say My treatment, a mango scrub, was great.  I have to been to many spa's and this ranks at the bottom of my list.  forever to get to the spa, and everyone just pointed, go that way.  got to the desk to get my key, no one there, had to say, anyone here?.  No service to show me around, the robe was to small, no one to get you a beverage(the mirage, while in the treatment rooms, attendants come around ask if you would like a beverage or a cold compress.  No one asked if anything was ok EVER, no way to check out, no one to give my key to and the end, and no one around to collect my tip after I was dressed.  Mirage will get my bussiness next time.  .
4	Great facility! Loved the wave room and salt room. Long walk to get there down all the hallways, allow time before service.
1	We were staying at the Venetian under VIP check in and had 4 rooms there...decided to do the spa thing as we are after all in Vegas.  Not cheap as it is $160 per 50 minutes.  Went there and both of us waited a while after our start time to get comfortable in our spa rooms.  The place is huge and one needs to walk through a labyrinth to get to the right area...felt like cattle being processed.  Then my masseuse unceremoniously and very matter of fact like instructed me to do the usual...she was late getting in after now 15 passed the hour and then she perfunctorily asked if anything hurts...'not really' but just wanted a 'tune-up' I stated.  She brusquely started...but then she would not shut up...gave me her opinion of different musicians, politics, etc...hell, if I wanted a chatty person...might have gone to the bar!  Worst I fell in the conservatory and tweaked my back...lady in the spa shop came out and took care of me and noted the slippery spot where wax was not buffed off...later, the spa claim this didn't happen!  I still have her card and was going to pursue legal action but life is too short...you think they at least apologize but all they wanted to do was cover their rears, unlike mine in the fall.  I will never go back and would recommend avoid at any cost!
2	I wanted to love Canyon Ranch and maybe it was the location that didn't make that possible, or maybe it's just not a lovable place.  I did come from a fabulous spa experience in Phoenix earlier in the week and maybe that made me a bit biased.My first impression was... blah.  It didn't set that relaxing tone for a spa experience that you would expect.  My check-in was quick and rehearsed and the spa attendant barely smiled at me, let alone looked me in the eye.    My tour felt super rushed.  When I walked through, I couldn't help but notice that this place wasn't as sparkling clean as I'd hoped. The amenities are really terrific - more to offer than almost any place I've been!  But everywhere I went it felt loud and crowded... like I was in the middle of someone else's party.  There was no great place to just sit and relax.  Maybe that's just Vegas, or maybe it was just the particular day, but I imagine others have felt this way here.  My massage was nice but my MT was entirely too talkative.  And maybe I'm just too passive to say anything about this.  I'm sure it wouldn't have been the first time he heard it if I requested that we talk less...I had the mixology massage where you choose the scents for your oil mixture.  My skin went through hell after the massage - red, dry, and itchy.  It must have reacted to the oil.  Not their fault, though.  Overall, pretty decent amenities but not a relaxing experience.  It wouldn't have been worth the money but I had one of those half off certificates.  I don't think I'll be going back.
3	after my third multi-service visit, I decided to write a review.Three massages, two of which were disappointing. One painful accpuncture session, a couple decent facials. Also had an excellent haircut and blowout in the salon.As Forrest Gump said, life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.Good luck.
5	Relaxing and Juicy SpaCame here for a bachelorette party. The place was bigger and funner than I thought it was going to be. It's really fun with a big group of people. You can gossip in the steam rooms and the sauna and relax in the jacuzzi.My favorite was the sleeping room where they had the really comfy lounge chairs that curved to your body. That room was very relaxing and great for meditation. Cover charge was $20, it's worth it when you stay the whole day. Had a really fun day here with my girls.
2	disappointing.  i have always heard great things about CR so a friend and i went to check it out.  There is nothing "tranquil" about the place - from the maze of hallways, to the brightly colored walls, to the staff who herd you through the place like a spa "mill".  during an 80 minute "luxurious" facial (which cost nearly $300), the esthetician left the room for 20 minutes so I could "relax".  Who has ever heard of a therapist taking a 20 minute break during a treatment?for the money, i would definitely go elsewhere.  by the way - they charge a premium for the same services on the weekends.  i guess they work harder.  can you say gouge?If you are looking to spa in Vegas - Encore has an amazing spa.
1	I must say I was immensely disappointed with my experience here.  I was feeling a bit grubby after my flight and decided to treat myself to a blow out and makeup application at the hotel.  I should have turned around as soon as I entered the "spa."  My first clue should have been the workers emptying boxes and filling inventory at the front reception area.  It just made the salon look messy and unorganized.  I had my blow out first so let me review that first.My stylist was Roxanne and I must say I really liked her.  She did a wonderful job.  She washed my hair and then blew out my hair with several round brushes so that it had volume and bounce after it was done.  She was extremely pleasant and a complete joy to work with.  I would suggest her to anyone.  I have long hair with long layers and she made them look great!I however cannot give the same review to Hector who did my makeup.  Oh it was horrible.  For the price ($80) I think I should be happy with the result.  He caked on so much makeup that I might as well have been a drag queen.  My husband even commented that I looked like I was wearing too much foundation.  He rarely comments on my makeup except to say it looks nice, so to hear him say that it looked heavy is a huge deal.  This was also the first time I went in for a makeup application where he didn't even ask me what I wanted.  I cringed when he applied a foundation 2 shades lighter than my skin tone.  Then he seriously must have used half a compact of powder on my very dry skin.  The strangest part was when it came to lipstick.  When you go into sephora or any makeup counter for a makeup application they always ask you what lipstick colors you prefer.  Hector must have thought he knew best because he didn't even bother asking me what I'd like.  When he applied a nude lip that made me look sick I asked for one with a more rosy color just to have him follow up with a blazing red lipstick.  *sigh*  I'm modest and just wanted to look a bit more rested, and fresher version of myself, but alas at the end of this fiasco; and it could only be called a fiasco, I looked like I might have been a contestant in toddlers and tiaras with all the makeup that he piled on me.  Please save your money and just go to a makeup counter, it's such a bad experience I think I'll stick to applying my own makeup from now on.  It was not the "treat" I had hoped for at all.
5	While waiting to have my Winter of Venice special massage at the Canyon Ranch Spa, I was able to partake of some of the Aquavana experience.  That wonderful hot tub with the volcano water is something else!  I love it!  There's also a lie down bed at the edge of the spa so that you can stretch out and relax.  To dry out, take a seat on the lovely heated lounge chairs.  So warm.  I could only stay in the steam room for a short time.  The humidity got to me.  The sauna room and the aromatherapy room were pretty good.  Don't forget to drink the cold water provided at the different stations.  There are also big bowls of rolled-up towels in ice cold water to keep you cool if you're feeling a little warm.  I love the Rain Experience Room especially the Tropical Rainstorm.  The rain remided me of Singapore.  I love the Salt Grotto!  Just sit and breathe in the salty air.  The wave room is neat!  You lie down in the lounge chair and look up to the ceiling and watch the swirling water.  I relaxed totally and actually fell asleep!  It was that good!  I wanted a deep massage and that's what I got.  I was little sore after the massage but that's what the hot tub was for - to ease my aches away!  If you stay at the hotel, the daypass is only $20!  What a deal!  You can have access to the spa all day long from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.  The service ladies all work so hard to keep the spa clean.  The bathrooms and showers are always clean and come equipped with soap, shampoo & conditioner.  The showers come with 2 heads.  The vanity tables are decked with hair dryers, curler, comb/brush in cleaning chemicals, hair gel, hair spray, mouth rinse, etc.  There are towels every where you turn.  Lockers are also provided for you to keep all your personal items.
1	Don't bother. It's a waste of money. Service is mediocre. For a $ 255 massage, I would expect to feel on top of the world and not like I was just practiced on by a massage school student. And the maze of hallways and rooms that's just a confusing waste of space - lends to nothing relaxing.
5	I heart this place! The Fitness & Spa facility is amazing! I took a spin class in the morning and made a massage appointment for the afternoon. My masseuse was great! She didn't entirely get rid of my knots (it will take MANY appointments to get rid of them), but I did feel relaxed and pampered. I have the urge to come back here after my marathon ... hmm, we'll see. One thing I absolutely loved was this room called the Crystal Room. It's similar to a regular sauna, but much, much, much more HOTTER. I believe I read that the humidity is at 95%. While sitting in there, I hear a hissing sound and it heats up the room. Within 2 minutes you are perspiring! I wonder how much weight I can lose sitting in that room?!!To rinse off, their products are wonderful too. I recommend this place to anyone who loves to pampered. OR if you're like me - who doesn't gamble in the casino, the Canyon Ranch Spa is the place to be for hours and hours!!!BTW, they accept SpaFinder gift cards!
1	Boooo.  Straight razor shave wrecked my skin for three days. Mandalay's facilities are much more luxurious and complete.
2	We were here earlier this week and had a fine time.  We chose this spa over several other more highly rated spas as they have more coed facilities than any of the other spas on the strip.  Most of the reviews here are pretty accurate.  The spa is huge but this isn't reflected in the individual spaces, rather in the long, winding hallways you need to follow to get to and from anywhere.  The staff was average, not outright rude but we heard over and over, "Oh, you're not getting treatments today??  Most of our guests book a treatment."  That was always delivered dryly and I found it offensive.  The coed areas were nice - the Conservatory is the pre-post treatment lounge.  It gets points added for the decor, the water features, the tea selection and the complimentary lotions and body butters.  Pure Fiji - ahhhhhhhh.  :)  It loses points for the lack of comfortable seating.  Most of the chairs were meant for short term seating and if you want to put your feet up you'll have to use a table.  Lame.  The salt room was more of a negative ion room.  The salt room at the Atlantis in Reno is much saltier and has better seating.  The warmed benches were comfy - my hubs and I fell asleep and had a nice nap in there.  The wave room has a domed ceiling.  This is very cool for the projection that makes it appear you are looking very closely at breakers rolling off of a sandy beach. This is not cool for the way it projects the sound of every person whispering in the room as if they are speaking into a microphone broadcast through Bose speakers.  Particularly if they're sleazy guys talking about the girls they picked up at the club last night and are now cheating on their wives with.  Seriously.  The locker rooms are very large, though the lockers themselves are tiny.  The showers are quite nice but the products within are gym quality.  The Aquavana amenities are standard spa fare: steam room, sauna, hot tub, laconium.  Rather than having hot, warm and cold plunge pools, though, CRSC has showers that offer the same effect.  The Igloo is pretty cool, though the cold mist lasts only a minute, not nearly long enough in my opinion, and required poking the start button over and over.  The experiental showers gave the tepid and hot water equivalents.  Unfortunately, as reported by my husband, the men's  hot experiential shower wasn't hot.  That stinks.Other opportunities here include: No snacks other than bruised, gross whole fruit.  Also, the closest of the CR dining facilities, still a good haul away from the locker rooms, closed at 2.  Every other nice resort spa we've been to will deliver lunch to you.  Not here,  Lame.  I guess if you're going to spend the whole day you'll need to fend for yourself.  Seems like a lost revenue opportunity to me, as well as a customer service issue.  The shops seemed to be unwilling or unable to sell us things we wanted to buy.  Apparently, unlike any resort spa we've visited before, when you "aren't getting any treatments?!!?!!" they don't run a tab on the credit card you give at check-in.  After selecting a pretty large pile of goodies to bring home with us the cashier informed me that I'd have to trek all the way back to my locker to get my credit card and return to pay.  We were making the purchase on our way out (duh) and after spending my spa day walking all over this massive labryinth of hallways the last thing I wanted to do was walk even more.  After showering and dressing we exited the spa proper and attempted to visit the shop in the check in area.  At 2 minutes till six (the spa closes at 8, the other shop at 7) the shop girl shut the door as she saw me approaching and mouthed "CLOSED" through the glass.  Lame again.  Poor customer service and another lost revenue opportunity.  CRSC left several hundred of my dollars in my pocket with which I was more than willing to part.  I'm disappointed and confused.  They felt more than happy to judge us for not booking treatments but unwilling to sell us anything else.  Oh well...We likely won't be back but the experience was mostly relaxing and certainly average.
4	Overall was very nice. Not the nicest spa we have been to, but overall good. The jacuzzi was broken.  The steam room didn't have a nice scent but had a cool celestial ceiling. Treatments are good.
5	The fitness area by far is up there for a hotel. They have state of the art cardio machines treadmills, stepmills, cycle bikes, ellipticals, row machines each of them equipped with personal tv monitors. Weight machines are state of the art, offer plenty of group exercise classes, rock climbing (sign up at the front desk) and free weight area. Certainly count on a good workout during your stay which is included in your hotel fees.
5	The nicest, most relaxing, and cleanest spa I have EVER been to (coming from a guy that should mean something). Canyon Ranch takes luxury and comfort to the next level. It was a Saturday afternoon and I wanted to unwind before another night of partying and gambling, so I decided to come here after my buddy said it was only $20 for hotel guests (not sure if it has been increased since I went in April 2011). Let me tell you...everything from their private hallway entrance to the personal lockers, to the comfy sofas and lounges -- this place really knows how to make you feel like a king.. There are three different steam rooms with eucalyptus, a jacuzzi, and other little rooms I have never knew about until I relaxed here. There is a huge lounge with a big screen TV. There is also a small area that has little beds for you to just chill and relax while reading a magazine or book (there is a mounted bed lamp above you for your convenience).   I did not order any of the spa services/massages -- just used the spa itself, which is a massage and rejuvenating experience in itself. I can't wait for my next trip to the Venetian so I can re-visit Canyon Ranch!
5	I've used Aquavana at the Canyon Ranch SpaClub multiple times and I've never had a bad experience. If you're a guest at the Venetian or Palazzo you're charged $20 to use Aquavana...it's the best deal going. Once you check-in you're handed a robe and slippers and you have full use of the facility. So what is Aquavana? It's a locker room with so much more. Once you change (clothing optional but at a minimum you should wear a towel around your waist) you head to the back where they have a whirlpool that erupts like a volcano, heated recliners, steam room, igloo room (40 degrees and at a push of a button you are misted), experiential showers (three buttons that either mist or provide a torrential downpour), Finnish sauna, and a herbal sauna (a little cooler than the regular sauna but more relaxing). They also offer a quiet room with recliners if you want to take a nap, a big HDTV for watching ESPN, fruit, chilled water, and private showers with nice bath products. And oh yes, a multitude of grooming products to get you ready for the day. All for $20.You can also head to the communal conservatory (this is where you wait for your massage treatment if you booked one) and they have a salt room and a really cool room that you lay down on recliners and watch a ceiling that looks like breaking waves. My wife and I always do these two rooms.Although I haven't received any massages, my wife received a foot massage and said it was well worth the price (their regular massages are pretty expensive though). They also have a fitness facility at the Palazzo which is right next to the check-in desk and a large fitness facility down the hall at the Venetian, and both have a great selection of equipment.This is hands-down a great experience and it really gets you relaxed which can be hard to do in Vegas!
4	Oh yeah.  All the treatments I've had have been awesome. For a mere $20 you can relax and enjoy the hot tub, the dry sauna, scented sauna, wet steam and cold shower.  And the lounge area....it's one of the most serene areas in Vegas.  The biggest downside, some of the post shower products need to be better labelled.  I wasn't sure if I was looking at body moisturizer or facial moisturizer.
5	Where is the 6th star because this place deserves it.  The massages were great but I think great massages can be had in a lot of spas in Vegas.  It's the place itself that makes Canyon Ranch the most incredible spa I've ever been to.  I still think about those rainforest showers and the igloo room.  Biggest mistake we made in Vegas was only giving ourselves an hour to enjoy this place.  I'd spend the day next time.
1	My friend and I are in town for work and needed to find a great nail salon. One of my colleagues recommended this place so I had high hopes. Unfortunately, we were royally disappointed. Not only was the place way overpriced (my Shellac manicure was almost 4 times the price of what I normally pay at $150) but it was also not worth it. I would rate this experience as mediocre at best. The place was noisy and not very relaxing. My nail tech didn't even give me a massage. I typically get the french manicure at my normal place and it usually lasts me at least 3 weeks but not at this place. It hasn't even been one week and already my polish is wearing off. Overall, I was not impressed. The facilities weren't anything special, the service was so-so, and the quality was similar to what you'd expect to receive at one of those nail chop shops. A complete waste of money. I wouldn't waste my time at this place.
2	I really wanted to pamper myself today and so I scheduled a foot massage and pedicure -- it was the 80 minute version for a whopping $145; I added the french manicure which took it up another $10.  I had a coupon for $30 off a service of $150 or more -- imagine my surprise when they only gave me a $5 discount -- because the final amount HAD to reach $150.  The coupon didn't say that but what the hey -- I didn't argue with them because I wanted to get out of there.  It took forever to get to the spa -- we were staying on the Venetian side and when I went to check in I found out I had to walk all the way around to the Palazzo side.  When I got there I went to two different "welcome" desks before I found the right one for the pedicure salon.  The salon itself was very nice, my manicurist was very nice but this was way overpriced for the type of service you get.  I could have gone to a nail chop shop by my house and paid a third of the price - and been much happier with the end result.  I recommend finding somewhere else to get your nails done -- it's just not worth it.
1	I have been to every spa in Vegas multiple times.Canyon Ranch is the tourist trap. Way overpriced.Poor therapists. Lots of flash but no bang.You will walk so far thru crowds after your massageyou won't be relaxed anymore. Poorly designed.Poorly managed. By all means, keep going there so I can attend the better spas in peaceful solitude *evil grin*
1	The spa and gym are great, this poor review is for the salon. The staff was rude and the pedicure was so not worth the $100+ they charge. Find a nail salon off the strip or get at home before you leave.
1	The gym was lame, went down late afternoon and there were 3 male employees running their mouths talking about girl problems and giving each other workout tips and critiquing each others triceps
1	Staff = Some friendly and helpful; others keeping themselves busy with talking about how there was "nothing to do" and how it wasn't as busy as the day before. Cleanliness = So-so. Towels = Challenging at times to locate clean ones.Treatment = Can't be as brief here... My massage was fine but, unfortunately, the room my treatment was in was not. Usually the sound from a water feature is relaxing, but not when it is from a commode... In addition to the loud "dance music" that could be heard through one wall of the room--over the music that was playing in the treatment room--(I asked if there was a spinning or cardio class on the other side of the wall but was told by the massage therapist it was the pool -) I also heard the extremely loud flushing of a toilet and the loud sound of water rushing through pipes that seemed to wrap around part of the room. This happened twice during my massage. The MT told me this was one of their new rooms and part of the Spa expansion. Lucky me...  She said she should have chosen another room. True enough, but I'd argue that a room that echoes from flushing toilets and music from the pool area shouldn't be available for use in the first place. Again, the massage was fine, the experience, not so much. As such, I have to give an overall "poor" review.
4	We stayed at palazzo so got hooked up with the spa. We paid 20 for an all day pass. Loved being able to go around and try out the different steam rooms. They even have an area for you to relax and even nap in. Amazing :D
5	We had a couples massage in 2011, it's been one of our best. The steam room, the whirlpools and the relaxation together before the massage was very nice. The massage therapists were very attentive and made sure they were using the right amount of pressure without having you in any discomfort. I've had other massages at other Canyon Ranch Spa's and absolutely enjoy every time!
4	This place is HUGE. The workout facilities are large and nice. The spa got me a same day appointment. I expected the worst masseur. Brian was the best, most efficient therapist I have had. He identified issues and worked through them, still having enough time to cover everything. No surprise that he has been doing this for  years.  The aquajuve experience was cool too. Love the Caribbean storm, heated wave chairs, and the aroma room. Guilt free lunch was delicious.
5	One of the best spa experiences EVER. Having flown over thirty hours and travelled through a number of cities around the states, my joints and lower back were screaming for some TLC so I booked myself in for a deep tissue massage. Highly recommended. Wonderfully relaxing. Then, I ran wild with the aquavana amenities - did everything - the wave room, the salt room, the various saunas, the whirlpool (easily my favorite) and the oh so comfy lounges. Do what I did - drench yourself with the chilly misty experiential rains and then run into a sauna. Great feeling. As the others have said, if you don't want to pay for the massage, just go in for the spa amenities. There is no time limit. Stay all day if you like!! BEST VALUE. Oh, and if you're a guest at the Venetian, they give you voucher for get $30 off any 50 minute treatment. Again, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!It's just as well I don't live in Vegas otherwise I'd spend all my time (and money) at this place!!
3	I did not like this spa at all. The winding hallways are super long, the treatments mediocre, the rest areas loud and coed, and the staff were all straight out of massage school. As much as I love my men folk, they add a totally different vibe in a spa atmosphere.  Another thing, who goes into a spa dressing room and then has to go into another dressing room within the dressing room to get dressed? What, women ca'nt get undressed in front of one anoher in a dressing room?  This spa just seemed so...public and weird.
5	No other spa on the strip has got the ammenties this spa has! cold room, steam, jacuzzis, quiet rooms, coed lounge - my favorite place on the strip!
4	Best spa I've been to.  I have used the barber service also.  Good cut, worth the 65-70 dependent on weekday or weekend.  Comes with an eye treatment, and trims the brows and ears.  Good and masculine.  Ask for Philip if you need a cut or straight blade shave. Steam rooms in the spa a awesome!!
5	the facilities at this spa will definitely make me return to vegas at least once a year, why can't SF have day spas like this!! UGH. All the buttons and different settings makes this place so much fun to explore!!Loved-the rain shower with three different settings and forest music -the steam room with the starry sky-ice room with the 3 aromas -cedar sauna room with mood lighting-co-ed wave room has super comfy beds-co-ed lounging area was beautiful and tastefully decorated Everything was plentiful as well, all types of tea, magazines, shower stalls, locker /changing room space, counter top filled with toiletries to play with....only con is the hot tub...WAYYYY WAYYYY freakn small. anytime there is more than 2 people in there, you start to get claustrophobic and wanna gettt the heck out
4	Highly recommended! Located inside the Palazzo hotel. Staff is incredibly attentive, even asking if you have any preferences before you begin your pedicure. I personally enjoyed the salt scrub and seaweed extract mask on the toesies! If you want first class service, you get what you pay for here!!
1	Go to the Encore Spa, it's just a short walk, the prices are teh same and it is infinitely better.  I had an 80 minute massage and not only did my massage therapist do nothing more than apply lotion for the whole time, the transactional part of this is very obtrusive, the staff are not helpful and I have had infinitely better experiences elsewhere, do not waste your money.
5	Despite my uneven past experiences, I had an incredible experience last weekend, just perfect. The facilities and attendants in the spa were absolutely flawless.  Had the 80 mins foot and leg massage at the Healthy Feet clinic over on the Venetian side. Would definitely go back!
4	This spa is beautiful and has some very nice service rooms and decor.   The entry way is very beautiful and the waiting area is spacious and clean.  THe waiting area chairs are not comfortable at all but I doubt you sit on them for longer than just a moment while waiting to be called back to the locker room.  The locker room is busy and noisy.  There  are tons of lockers and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  I wasn't too impressed with the aqua area in the women's locker room.  Maybe it is too European for me but I am NOT into cold water showers or steam rooms even if they are labeled as rainforest spray.  Cold water is cold water no matter how pretty the room is or gentle the spray is.  The sauna room was nice and big.  I did enjoy that.  The steam room was too hot for my taste and I didn't last long in there.  The hot tub was pretty crowded and what is with the goofy uncomfortable banana-looking chairs that are around the hot tub.The salt room is ok but like another reviewer said, the Atlantis salt room in Reno is much nicer.  My favorite part of the spa was the wave room.  It was so beautiful and relaxing in there that I did fall asleep.  It was warm and cozy and watching the gentle waves above you will whisk one away to lala land.  Our treatment room was nice.  We had the couples rasul mud treatment.  It was nice and I did like the muds used but, once again, the rasul treatments at the spa Atlantis in Reno is better.  There is a shower in the room that you can use after your treatment to make sure you are mud-free.  The rasul treatment room in CR does not have a shower so you hope that you get all of the mud out of the cracks and crevices when you are spraying off.  We still had lingering mud after our treatment,  They have the cafe in there but you have to go get your own food/drinks.  It would be really nice if they could have a service where they brought the food/drinks to you.  The other complaint that I have is that the place is too darn big.  It is crazy how many different hallways there are.  Luckily, there was a lot of staff walking around to help you find your way.
1	This review is for the cycle class only. I love to cycle. When I saw that the facility had a class daily I packed my shoes in my suitcase and was super excited that I could get my spin on while in Vegas. I didn't even mind paying the extra $20. Saturday was a long Vegas night but I made it to Sunday 9am spin hydrated and ready to sweat....until the music came on. I admit, I spin in a boutique spin studio in Los Angeles, but there is NEVER an excuse for bad music choice that you cannot coordinate a routine, coordinate pedal stroke to or gets you that motivation to keep going to...this was 45 minutes of what seemed like early 90's hair band rock and long drumming and guitar solos. OMG...it was painful. Oh, we did get one dance song in there! This was such a turn off I decided to not take the class the remaining days of my stay.  Instructor was good, but this is Vegas, the party should continue all the way to the cycle studio.
5	Can I live here? Seriously...I think I can stay hidden in the wave room or salt room when they're closing up. They have plenty of produce, water, teas and I'd definitely stay clean what with the 10 different types of showers they have there. Hmmmm...brain. wheels. turning. But enough about my plan to relocate to Canyon Ranch - I came here with 3 of my gals on a Friday before our weekend of debauchery (need to get those toxins out to make room for the other toxins I was about to imbibe). We all got a Rue La La coupon which was a great deal ($75 for $125). I applied it towards a massage ($165 value) at 2pm. We arrived early at 11am to check in and grab lunch at the cafe -- then we entered the spa. Something is in the air there - or maybe it's the croc like sandals and giant robes or the fact we're not allowed to have our cell phones as we meander about - but I haven't been that relaxed in awhile. We hung out in the relaxation room first, had some tea, grabbed a few bananas (ok more than a few - I stashed some in my locker for later :P)...soon my massage therapist came and got me. She was very sweet and toured me through the whole spa (I had no idea so many saunas existed: Herbal, Cold, Finnish, Steam, etc...). We got to her room and I had 50 minutes of massage bliss. I almost fell asleep and I never fall asleep through massages bc quite frankly I am uptight...like OCD uptight. That's how relaxing the environment is - a crazy uptight me could actually let my mind go blank for a few seconds. After that, all us girls met up in the relaxation room, hydrated, stocked up on more produce (I'm cheap...bananas at Coffee Bean cost $2.00!) and proceeded to experience every room or thing they had to offer: rain shower (that will wake you up for sure), sauna, steam room, wave room, salt room, jacuzzi, some redonk cold shower area. After we all took a shower (private shower stalls with all the amenities) and then relaxed a bit more before leaving around 5 (you get access all day for the day of your service). Seriously one of the most fun and relaxing days I've ever had. If you see a coupon out there do it! Treat yourself and don't freak out if you see me hiding behind your chair in the wave room if it's around closing time - it's just me putting my relocation plan into action.
4	This review is only for the fitness area.I worked out before my meetings this morning and I was pleasantly surprised at the size, layout and selection of machines and weights. There were quite a few others working out and normally a "standard" hotel gym feels claustrophobic when there are more than two working out at a time. Not here. Very open, great circulation of air, plenty of equipment to choose from, spotlessly clean and loads of TVs and reading materials.   Minus one star because I didn't see a designated space for stretching out. Might have missed it but it wasn't near any of the equipment which is somewhat of an oversight.  Even so, by far this is one of the best I've been to on the strip.
2	This place is way over-rated.  It boasts being the largest day spa in the world with 82 treatment rooms.  This is not a good thing.  The waiting areas are so crowded that it is not the least bit relaxing. Then they come in and shout your name for you to come up and meet your treament person.  The co-ed areas are not for me!! I went into one of the Aquavana rooms to find two guys on their iPhones.  I immediately left...I also found it extremely off-putting how they hard sell the products that are used in the facials.  All in all, I would not go back.
5	Review for GYM.   Not the spa.   The resort fee at the Venetian includes the use of the gym.   Use of the Spa is additional.  I didn't have time for the Spa, hopefully next time.   The gym was top notch.  AWSOME collection of machines, free weights, excercise areas, cardio area.   Just fantastic.   The locker room looked OK, but all the good locker room stuff was probably in the Spa.   Really great gym.
5	Canyon Ranch SpaOverall 5 StarsGold medal - Jacuzzi w/ice cold towelsSilver medal - Quiet RoomBronze medal - Complimentary fruit and lotionsCanyon Ranch Spa is the Palazzo/Venetian spa.  If you are staying at the hotel it is only a $20 charge to use the facilities.  The spa has a jacuzzi, different steam, sauna, relaxing, lounge, and shower rooms.  The best part of this spa is the jacuzzi with the ice cold towels.  A jacuzzi is just a jacuzzi, but when you pair it with ice cold towels.  OH MY!!!  It feels soooooo good.  There is a co-ed quiet room.  When I first heard of this quiet room, I was thinking...boring!!  How great can a quiet room be right? But this quiet room soon won me over.  The room has these super comfy bed/chairs to rest on. The bed/chairs feels like a fluffy cloud.  The middle of the room has a light sound and shadow of water dropping.  Fluffy cloud + dropping water = pure relaxation!There is complimentary fruit and water in the lounge.  You can hang out at various parts of the spa, so it doesn't get boring.I have been here a couple times now and it is just such a relaxing treat every visit.HAPPY RELAXING!!
2	I love Canyon Ranch in Arizona so I thought the spa here would be good. We stayed in a suite at the Venetian so it was convenient.  Upon calling to book some treatments it took a long time for the gal to figure out how to book me for the morning.  The next day I arrived at the spa front desk with lack luster attendees.  The gal who checked me in was not thorough and lacked communication etc.  She was not familiar with one of my treatments for the face.  And to add on to it she acted as if it was a hassle. All in all, not a pleasant check in.  Inside the spa is nice but far too big for my desires as I like a warm, cozy, zen feeling.  This was a maze.  The robes were AWEFUL!! Why a high end spa like that choose crunchy robes is beyond me. I was not thrilled to put it on each time after my treatments.  My facial gal, Elizabeth was not one I would ever want a facial from again either. She was pompous in thinking only she knew how to take care of skin.  Her technique/service was sloppy as well.  This treatment I felt cheated on entirely. DON'T BOTHER. My massage was good. Swedish along with hot stones. Thank goodness for that!!!In a nutshell I will not return and will tell others to go to Caesars or the Bellagio.
4	Like the spa a lot.  That being said, it is very expensive.  I get similar treatments at home for half the cost.  The staff is very nice and well trained.  I would go here again, for sure.  The salon is nice too.  Cost is the only negative issue.
5	Expensive, exclusive, extravagant. If you want a great day at a spa this is it. Spacious, modern and spotless, you are transported into a world unto itself . Pampered from the massage thru the facial... everything was top notch... products, service and ambiance. Beyond the services the Jacuzzi with cold towels was a welcomed perk and the amenities  of water, tea and fruit will ensure you stay hydrated. Relaxation at its finest.
4	This is specifically for the Palazzo side of the gym, whereas the spa is used by both Venetian and Palazzo.The gym here is significantly smaller than the one at the Venetian, but it is often far less crowded too.  For me, I don't require all that much and it has all the free weights and machines that Jim G. wants, in addition to plenty of cardio machines, so there's no reason to trek over to the Venetian side for us.  The check in process can be such a pain! They need to change it.  As you need to pay a resort fee (I think it's $19.99 a night and includes WiFi access) to get into the gym, we get a different hotel room key upon check in.  Rather than having to wait in the line (where people check in for the gym or the spa, or make appointments and ask questions about the spa) forever just so we can sign and print our name and then get a tacky paper wristband, why not just have the doors only open with certain keys?  That's how the gym at Four Seasons Westlake works and it seems quite efficient!As for the spa, it is huge inside and has some very nice places to chill out.  I've only ever been once about a year or so ago, so it's a limited experience, but the Wave Room is outstanding, the different types of showers (Rain Forest, Tropical Shower, etc) were fun, and the lounge is large and relaxing.  I felt some of the other featured relaxation areas were a bit less so since they were positioned so near other areas and with people walking around and talking, the atmosphere was less than ideal.  My actual massage was ok; nothing to rave about, especially for the price.My biggest pet peeve about the spa was that it's advertised to us through the Grazie Club (Venetian and Palazzo's players club) that Platinum members get 20% full-priced services.  I call to make the appointment, confirm the deal, etc., and when I go to pay (which they have me do before I go into the spa), I'm told I can't have it, as the card is in my husband's name.  He will never use the spa, so it's not as if we're trying to double up on the discount.  The credit card we have is the same, both our names are on the room, we're MARRIED. Nope. Only he can use the discount.  It's cheap and petty of them to do that, considering how much we spend at the hotel/casino and how much they are charging for treatments.  However, to be fair to Palazzo, this is a Canyon Ranch decision, I realize; it still makes Palazzo look not too great.  For what it's worth, while I do use the gym every time we go, I have not returned to the spa.
2	This review is only for the spa itself, did not get a treatment or massage. The facility looks great from the outside, though not so amazing inside. The men's area is rather small, all the advertising about the largest spa is mostly their use of space, not a large bountiful spa itself. Only one jacuzzi which is rather small and only has a jet in the middle. The wet sauna was ok once they got it working. The others were pretty basic and I fully expected much more. I would highly recommend Caesar's as it's much more expansive and varied in it's options. Must say that the service is 5 stars though. Attendants were very helpful and there at every turn, probably since it was pretty slow.
4	If you won big at the tables and feel like being treated like royalty ... you've come to the right place.  The Spa is pure luxury. Everything here is both expensive and opulent. I've had two couple's massages here and the first was far better than the second. The first was amazing, my body has never felt as revived as it did when I was finished getting the treatment. The second just didn't match up. They have separate relaxation rooms for men and women before the massage. About 10 minutes before your massage they call you into a coed waiting room and from there you go to your massage. Everything is run with extreme efficiency and the customer service is exceptional. How do you recover from a weekend's worth of partying in Vegas? A massage from the Canyon Ranch Spa is not a bad place to start.
2	It amazes me that this spa runs at all!  I know it is not the hotle's fault per SE, but when the concierge say they send most hotel guests to other hotel spas, possibly an issue?On previous visits, the shame is the technicians and treatments are quite good.It is te common areas that need work, and more so than anything else, the management and admin team.On this third attempt at a visit, we tried for nearly half an hour to book something in person.There were four of us I total, and we trid to book various combinations of treatments - FAIL.After confirming three different times, back of oh on the phone, calling a manager etc., none of the apparent available times were actually available.What a complete waste of time!  When I mentioned to e hotel concierge, some credit for one of the spa managers trying to reach me, but completely missing the point on appointment times and fiascos.Perhaps it is their computer system or incompetent staff?  We are trying to schedule massages et al., not brain surgery.Highly recommend Bellagio, have heard good things about Caesars.This place is an embarassment to the Canyon Ranch name and the hotels.I her great things about the gym and classes, just be very patient about trying to book or check in.My last comment is while the common co-Ed areas are awesome, basic maintenance and sanitation were not being followed on our previous visits.  Tiles were coming off and missing, mold and fungus along the caulking etc., yuck.What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas? Not if you get a fungal infection it doesn't....
1	I am from Tucson and for over 10 years, I have frequented the Canyon Ranch Spa at the Venetian because one of the first Canyon Ranches originated in Tucson.  For many years, we would fly one of our planes down just to have my hair highlighted by Jackie every few months before she moved to Caesar's Palace.The last time that we stayed at the Venetian, I booked a pedicure and manicure and had been shocked because for the first time EVER, I could not find even one shade of polish that was age appropriate for me at 56.  They had several shades of black, but not one red/wine color of polish.  I went ahead and had the services, but really wasn't happy with the shade of polish and at $150 per pedicure, you really should be.  I had a pedicure, manicure, haircut and highlights booked for this visit because I felt that surely this time they would have more colors.  They did not.  Not only that, but they were so rude about it that I canceled ALL my services; went to my room and booked the same services at the Wynn Salon.  When I complained at Canyon Ranch, I was told that they had 27 colors and that I was the FIRST person to ever complain about the lack of choices.  (I know this is false because I complained about it last year!) They haughtily informed me that I should have brought my own polish!I have to say that when I arrived at the Wynn Spa, I was so pleased to discover that they had at least 150 shades of polish!! They also offered two brands.   I kid you not!  I found about 3 shades that I had trouble choosing between.  The services were spectacular in every way and I will NOT be returning to Canyon Ranch even though I know several people who are friends with the Zuckermans.  I spent over $500 at the Wynn and will be returning regularly.At a "world class" spa like Canyon Ranch with the prices to prove it - you expect to have a wide array of choices.  At the very least, you should not be treated to rude service when you suggest that they expand their colors.  Moreover, my call to the Manager was NEVER returned.  Somehow, I was not surprised!  The management of the establishment definitely leaves something to be desired!
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY.I have been to many of the spas on the Strip over the years, and I think that the Canyon Ranch Spa at the Palazzo (which I think is shared with the Venetian) is one of the worst.   The resort fee already includes access to the gym (and the locker room near the gym, which is very good), so the only thing you are paying for when you want to use the "spa" (yes, it is in quotes for a reason) is the relatively small jaccuzi, the steam room, igloo (cold room) and sauna.  There is also a relaxation room.  Compared to the Bellagio (which I think is around the same price), the key differences are as follows:The Bellagio has 4 jaccuzzi's of differing temperatures.  Canyon Ranch has oneThe Bellagio's spa is very light and open.  The Canyon Ranch's is like a dungeon.  No natural lighting.  PeriodThe Bellagio has self serve juices, soft drinks, etc.  The Canyon Ranch has water.  Oh, the cucumber water was empty for around 1/2 hour before one of the guests asked it to be refilledThe Bellagio has an outdoor portion that overlooks part of the hotel.  Nothing like that in the dungeon.I recall the Mandalay and Ceaser's spas to be much nicer as well.   Save your money!As an aside, the Canyon Ranch gym is nice....and included in the resort fee.  Do NOT spend the extra money to sit in the dungeon.  NOTE:  I cannot comment on the massage services as I didn't get one there.
2	Unfortunately, one of the worst spa experiences on the strip. The check in process was very lengthy and in the middle of an area where there are pool party people with drinks in hand passing by (I think its in the same area as the entrance to the pool). Tons of people passing by and long lines just to get in. I wanted to see what the spa looked like because if I were judging a book on it's cover, I would not go in. I guess my instincts were correct. The lady gave me such a hard time at the front desk about getting a tour and gave me a million reasons why she could not do that and said I could pay and if I don't like it, I can come back and get a refund. I don't think that same theory applies when I went in, spent some time there and then wanted a refund.  But just not what I hope for in a spa experience. Maybe this is normal on the strip with it being overcrowded. I went in and just went to the gym and then was planning to enjoy the spa amenities after. The gym was large and when I went in, there was no check in system so I technically didn't even need to buy a day pass to get in. There were 2 guys working there and busy chatting and did not even acknowledge me. Whatever. I could have spent a long time there, but it was pretty dead and I was excited to go to the spa. So here comes the spa experience. I walk in and I swear, 5 woman working there were gathered together chatting about personal stuff and I felt really weird interrupting their conversation to ask them to help me with a locker. I actually said "sorry" for something that I shouldn't have felt bad about, but I did. They literally stopped their conversation and looked a bit annoyed that I interrupted, but isn't that their job, to help? First bad sign. Then I went into the jacuzzi area and this is where it all went wrong. The jacuzzi area is very small and once more than 2 people get in there, you are all up on them. Was not enjoying the older naked woman all over. That was not the worst part- it was when I swear 20 young ladies entered laughing and acting like they were at happy hour and talked so loud, being really annoying. I don't know where they all came from. But my quiet time I was seeking was gone and I was not getting it back. Everything had a line and was overcrowded, the sauna, steam room, etc. I just got up and left. I could tell there was no chance I was getting in any relaxation. Just a suggestion-if you work at a spa, I would think your job would be to clean, stock items, take care of the facility and actually work and help people. Maybe thats just me. I think management needs to work on their employees and their work habits.OH! On a positive note-the "wave" room is really really nice. A domed canopy with reflected water movements provides the meditative experience of watching waves breaking overhead. This was the quietest place I could find without anyone talking. I also enjoyed the salt grotto! These two I just mentioned were in an area away from the main ladies side of the spa. It was the co-ed area where apparently nobody liked to hang out that I found some nice quiet spots.
4	On this visit, the Canyon Ranch spa and their wonderful technicians did a great job in taking care of me . . hmm . . . maybe they read my last review?  Anyway- if you need a massage- put yourself into the talented hands of Betty.  I had a stiff neck from days of aggressive business travel and within the 50 minutes of my appointment, I could move my neck and shoulders again!  She got in there and used all the tools at her disposal, hot rocks, warms towels and strong hands which made for a wonderful experience.May I also suggest you take the upsell that they offer to have your feet scrubbed and rubbed midway through the massage?  It is only $25 and worth every penny!I also had my hair done by Roxanne- turned out perfectly and my nails by Christine- they still look perfect a week later!And those pinchy spa sandals?  Maybe they just gave me a pair so large that that couldn't possible pinch.  But I'd rather shuffle my way through the spa in shoes big enough for my dad, than feel like my feel had been bound in some ancient ritual.All in all a great day at the spa!
4	Rock-n-Roll Yoga is really a good class. Or maybe it's that Natalie (Martina? Nikola? Sorry, I don't remember) is a good teacher. Good voice, good rhythm. The rock-n-roll part wasn't as rockin' as I'd hoped, but that's ok, it was still fun. 45 minutes, great for a vacation-sized class. I'd give the class 3 stars, but it gets 4 because of the aweeeesome locker room which is super convenient for going to class then changing and going to the pool. All in all, a good experience!
3	Unfortunately, I don't have a "lady that does my hair," so I have to rely on the professionals to do their thing.  Lucky for hair dressers, I can't do my own hair, so I keep them employed.This review is strictly for the salon.I've been to the Canyon Ranch Salon for services twice now.  The facility is beautiful and the staff have been consistently friendly both over the phone and in person.  They are upfront with pricing and offer a 10% discount if you are a local.  I've been happy with my hair cut and style both times here.I like that because it is a strip salon, I don't have to wonder if the staff know what they're doing or if they're qualified.  Most of the staff have lots of experience and that translates into their work.  At the same time, the prices definitely reflect the fact that they are a strip salon.3 stars because the salon service and customer service are good, but my experiences here have been nothing outstanding.  And, I'm sure if I looked around, I could find equally as satisfactory service at a local salon for a fraction of the price.
3	I can only comment on the men's spa facility. which i thought was disappointing.  I originally went to a spa in Las Vegas a few years ago and mistakenly went here thinking it was the prior place.  The staff is friendly, but the reason for the 3 star is the size and pool options for a general day pass aren't overwhelming.  The men's area only has 1 hot tub, which was so small that 2 dudes would be awkwardly close when sitting together.  The other options (sauna rooms) were OK, but I think this shouldn't be the top of your list for your money.
4	I would like to give this Spa 5 stars but I had a very unpleasant experience with Evette (sp?). (Trainer)She made very rude and unnecessary comments and was not warm in the least. She talked about herself a LOT and instead of making the experience about me, the customer I felt I was hearing all about her life, when I really wanted to know more about how to improve my body. The spa is wonderful in itself. Very relaxing and not too busy and not too empty. I felt like a million bucks every time I walked into the spa; always greeting me making sure my needs were met. I am grateful for the chance to relax and enjoy my time with great classes (minus one of the trainers) and wonderful spa treatments. VERY CLEAN too!
4	I have mixed feelings about Canyon Ranch. The facilities are great. Enjoying the different facilities available is a relaxing day in itself. I would give my trainer, Sue Feder 5+ stars. She has been with me through pulled shoulders, a broken foot, and a peroneal subluxation. I believe I would not have healed as fast as I did if it weren't for her. If you want personal training you need to ask for her.The spa treatments I have had were a different story and a little overpriced. I have had a facial that made me break out and a wrap that wasn't anything compared to some wraps I have received. My advice is to make sure you ask for the best person there when ordering services. :)
4	I used the spa gym every day while i was staying at the Palazzo for work. When you enter the spa from the Palazzo, they give you a wristband and you have the option to workout in the small Palazzo fitness center, or walk a couple minutes through a brightly lit/painted tunnel to the Venetian's large fitness center.  I used the Venetian spa gym for all but one day.  The last day, I tried the small Palazzo fitness room.When you exit the tunnel to the Venetian side, the first thing you see is a HUGE rock climbing wall!  If I'd been in Vegas for fun, I would have asked if using the rock wall has an additional cost.Down the stairs, there are a LOT of cardio machines, as well as a couple smaller rooms that I didn't check out, but I assume were weights/stretching areas.  I used the treadmill and ellipticals, which were all clean and well-kept.The smaller fitness area on the Palazzo side was clearly not as nice, but it did have a variety of Nautilus machines, and the equipment was still relatively nice.  I've seen worse!
2	This was my first visit to a Canyon Ranch Spa (this one located inThe Palazzo ) and given the fine reputation and extremely high prices I expected a truly extraordinary experience.   While the facility is nice I was totally disappointed with the services.   The massage was truly ordinary.  A total blah.  My daughter felt the same way so it's not just an isolated experience of that one massage therapist.  We each had an add- on foot treatment that lasted about 5 minutes and was a total non-event.   Save your money.
1	This place claims to offer Foot therapy and foot repair if your feet are in pain, but if you have calluses or blisters - no luck. They won't serve you. I'm in a huge amount of pain so thought this would be the perfect place but it's pretty useless.
4	Since the girls I was sharing the hotel room with already opted for the resort fee of $25 per room (includes wi-fi and gym access) the day spa was only another $20 per person - a great savings over the $40 per person rate without a resort fee. In the day spa you get the usual spa treatments - dry sauna, steam room, hot tub and several cold showers. I made up my own circuit of steam room, tropical fog (cool mist), sauna, igloo (cold 40 deg shower), hot tub, warm herbal room. The facilities are really nice and there's lots of room in the sauna and steam room to lie down. Though there were other people at the spa there were only a handful of other women in each of the treatments. It was super relaxing and I spent a few hours there. Didn't get to check out the co-ed facilities.
2	What happened to this place?  I went a few years ago and remember enjoying it.  Now, everything looks run down.  Mildew, stains, steam room not working correctly and outdated.  So very disappointed.  I did not have any services done, this is just for using the facilities.
2	My girlfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to a pedicure while staying at the Palazzo.  We booked an ice cream pedicure for an hour.  The pedicure itself was pretty decent.  The scents from the ice cream bath and lotions were quite decadent.  My visit however was marred by the unprofessional service that I received from the lady doing my pedicure.  It all started out nice, she came to get me from the waiting area, introduced herself and showed me to the pedicure station.  We started talking about shows that we've seen and want to see... all fine.  She asked where I was from and I said Hawaii.  She then mentioned that her son just had his honeymoon on the Big Island (Kona side).  I asked if he enjoyed himself and she gushed about the beauty he talked about.  When I started asking her if he had a chance to see any whales (his honeymoon was in March - prime time whale watching season), she said he didn't mention it, I asked about zip-lining and again he didn't mention it, I asked about another activity and when she again said he didn't mention it, that's when the visit went sour.  I didn't know if I should have apologized, but from that moment on she was quiet and the massage for the pedicure was very lacking.  Also the way she worked was very so-so.  It seemed she just wanted me out of the chair.One plus to the pedicure here is that you get to keep the bottle of nail polish you choose, and if you have great feet and they hardly use your files and buffers you get to take those home also.  My girlfriend got hers in a nice, small, green boutique looking bag and I got mine thrown into a generic plastic Canyon Ranch SpaClub package.The facilities are wonderful though.  If we had more time, I would have loved to try out their sauna and just relax in one of their reading nooks.For the price that we are paying for this service, you would think that the workers would be a little more professional.  I don't know how my asking if her son did certain activities on an island that I know have those activities should have hurt her feelings.  I wouldn't go back to this spa on my next trip to Vegas - I would try a different one.
2	Ouch, this place has gone downhill like the rest of The Venetian. Came here years ago and this place was NICE! Now it feels neglected. 1) They use to have bottled water. Now it's a dirty drinking fountain with a clogged filter. Water comes out at a very very slow trickle. Makes you wonder if they ever changed the filter.2) AC turned way too low. I was sweating to death in the joint3) Bathroom was not property maintainedThis place is ruining the Canyon Ranch name.
1	I booked a deep tissue massage here and as a massage therapist myself, I was very explicit with the therapist as to what my expectations were.  I have to say, the massage therapist had 6 years of experience and she had some great stretches, but the massage itself ended up leaving me sore and bruised even after we explicitly discussed my expectations.  Two days later, the bruises showed up.  A deep tissue massage does NOT have to be no pain, no gain especially after a discussion of the client's expectations of loosening and lengthening the deeper muscle tissue (what a deep tissue massage SHOULD be.)  I didn't have time to visit the rest of the facility, but it seemed quite nice.  Be sure to discuss your expectations with your massage therapist and let them know if your expectations are not being met.  Next time, I'm skipping the fancy spa and hiring a private therapist!
4	Indulgence takes on many forms in Sin City and enjoying time at a spa is just the way to sweat out the toxins and enjoy the amenities a luxury resort is meant to provide. Canyon Ranch has spa locations throughout many warm weather locations from Miami to Arizona and this LV version maybe among the most decked out of them all.There is a departure aspect from host resort to spa facilities, an oasis from the Venetian if you will, as the Canyon Ranch theme is very different from the rest of the Palazzo / Venetian. Luxury accommodations aren't quite to the standard of the Wynn or Cosmo per se, but they've got more than enough to satisfy the average spa goer.There is rock climbing, a full scale gym with treadmills, weights, and the works. My personal favorite activity is the sauna + massage. Sure, there's likely an influx of older folks getting their spa on (and letting it all hang out), but nothing beats a good ol, overpriced, frou frou massage. The masseuses are masters of their sport, making sure they've got all of the problem areas covered.Would I go back for more? Considering all the things they have to offer, I've already been here enough times to call myself a non-newb, but not enough to be in their regular rotation. I'll be aiming for a player's comp as always.
5	INCREDIBLE spa experience!  I cannot wait to come back; this place was a treasure.  I truly don't understand the poor ratings here.  I've been to spa resorts in Japan, England, as well as in the States. This place was waaaay better than any Burke Williams or Glen Ivy spa. And it was not crowded for an Friday late morning appointment (We arrived at 10:30am and left at 2pm)  Had we not had rumbling tummies and lunch plans, I could have stayed another hour, easily.Here's what we got for a mere $50: 25 minute Breathe Deep and Relax treatment (the most inexpensive treatment since we really wanted to do a mini treatment then have girly chats while relaxing)NOTE: this treatment is not a traditional massage, but it is good. You relax in a lounge chair, have a mini paraffin hand and foot treatment, a steam machine blows aromatherapy, and you relax under a warm blanket, with headphones, eye-pillow, and warm neck pillow. Best nap ever.  PLUS ALL-access to the spa facilities: (or if you skip a massage/treatment, a day pass for all the below is only $40 and you can enjoy all day from 6am until 8pm)Located in the locker room: (so bathing suit optional)    Crystal Steam Room - Cleansing aromatic steam room with a large central crystalA large steam room, with 3 level seating.    Experiential Rains - Invigorating, multisensory cooling showers - one was big enough for two friends and we giggled through the 3 button settings to cool off after sitting in the sauna    Finnish Sauna - A classic dry-heat sauna environment lit by colored light refracted by crystals - wooden "pillows" here to encourage you to lay out on one of three levels    Herbal Laconium - Gentle warming of the body through warm, herbal-infused steam - LOVED LOVED this room.  the single seats were warmed.    HydroSpas and multiple heated loungers - Massage fountains providing gentle massage are surrounded by radiant lounge chairs    Igloo - Cool air and three Arctic Mist experiences enhanced by twinkling fiber optics - not my favorite since I prefer hot over cold, but my friend's favorite.  PLUS in the co-ed Conservatory (robes required here)This area was located down a meandering hallway, away from the locker rooms, so be sure to get directions so you don't miss out!    Conservatory - Intimate seating, soothing music and complimentary fresh fruit, infused water and tea - a really spacious lounge.  Some people were reading, other couples were hanging out on the comfy sofas, etc.    Salt Grotto - Heated benches, floor and walls, intimate seating niches, "sea" air and a fountain bubbling over natural salt rocks- MY FAVORITE ROOM!      Wave Room - A domed canopy with reflected water movements provides the meditative experience of watching waves breaking overhead - this is a quiet room, so perfect to really get awayThe locker room was spacious, the actual lockers had a magnetic waterproof push lock that doesn't get hot/burn you in the sauna, the showers were immaculate and private with a changing area in the shower stall, there were three lounge areas so you could talk with your friend, or escape by yourself.  It was so awesome.  I highly recommend planning to take full advantage of the facilities before and after a treatment (especially as the treatments do run on the expensive side and give you access to the resort) ... or even skip a treatment and just explore all the rooms and jacuzzi. Do the hot/cold thing properly:  get hot during a 20 minute sauna, then chill for 20 minutes in the igloo, then get hot again in the Salt Grotto, then chill in the wave room... you get the idea. This is the place where they encourage you to lounge all day and relax away... so plan to unwind here, especially after a sleepless night!  And with so many hot/cold/in between rooms, I think you will find a new favorite.  And there were great complimentary hot tea options, and filtered water pitchers with infused water or iced tea, and fresh fruit was available.  Or head to the convenient  little cafes for a proper smoothie or meal. Seriously, what's not to love?
4	I've been here a few times and always have had a great day.  It's one of the few places I can legitimately go and relax without my mind thinking of a thousand things at once.  The reason for the 4 star and not 5 is because they raised the day pass rate for locals from $20 to $36.   Facilities have been maintained neatly and the staff is very friendly.  A good plus is that you have full access to one of the best gyms around!  Never a wait and they have every piece of equipment needed, even for Crossfit.
1	I purchased the day spa access here and honestly, it was NOT worth it! My husband and I are staying at the Venetian so I only paid $20 but even that was waaaaaay too much. I will admit I might be a bit of a spa snob but I've experienced  better spas, which was a major let down considering this is Canyon Ranch. The Aquavana rooms were just average. There was no music playing in any of the spa areas and the shower and after shower products were terrible! No flat irons, the blowdryers were seriously lacking. Again, I know those things don't matter to a lot of people, but for me, I want the entire experience to be perfection.... this sadly was not. It was just a huge let down. I felt more like I was in the after room of a gym somewhere in the midwest than a SPA in Las Vegas. For me, not worth the time or money.
5	I don't know why the negative reviews. I was here in October '13 and was reconsidering at first due to the negative reviews.... Im happy I didn't.  The men's side was clean and stocked with towels and refreshments.  We probably spend about 5 hours here on Saturday afternoon.  It was packed in the waiting room but other then that we were able to go to every room and find a spot.  My massage was perfect and my favorite is the wave room.  I have never had such an amazing power nap.  I ran through their circuit twice and felt like a million bucks.  This was my 2nd trip to Canyon Ranch and I will return to this amazing sanctuary of bliss and relaxation!... need to get back here with the wife for their rasul and couples massage... I only wish they had a coed Steam and Sauna room!
4	I am not a gambler but I love a good Spa/Gym so spent my last day, ALL day, here leaving for home on a Red-Eye. I checked out of the hotel and into CR at 9am.       They have a daily class schedule and I had a fun, but basic, Pilates Mat Class with Sue. From there Bret did a short but informative class on sleep. Well presented and personal. Then an hour of personal training with Mike S. Mike was very good, Mike is well educated in personal training and I got a great work out! Then a lunch at the Spa Grill, great menu, awesome service and while my lobster roll was tasty I would have liked a better combination of lobster than the small leg pieces that were in the salad.    I then spent a delightful hour between the sauna, steam, whirlpools etc. Amazing combination of rooms with an attentive staff. The low light was the massage, I forgot the therapist as the experience was thoroughly forgetful. I expected better from the Canyon Ranch massage. I am sure there are better therapist but on a one day visit not sure how you would find out. Other than the massage it was a wonderful way to spend your last day in town. You will have a locker for your things and wont miss checking out of your room in the morning.
1	I so wanted to love this spa. But sadly, it was a huge disappointment.  I set up apts for my husband and I to get massages. I thought the rates were decent, especially for Vegas. But the minute we walked in, it was like a cattle call. The front desk had a line and you paid before your service (which is rare given that you already have a credit card down to hold the apt) my issue with this is normal spas will add/change massage type based on your and the therapists discussion. Or allow you to add aromatherapy in the room. Not here. You pay in a loud lobby, then are shuffled to a check in area for slippers/robe. This was not relaxing either. there were piles of used slippers and robes, and a desk attendant asking your size and then asking you to step to the side so she can help the group of people behind you. Then you and others are escorted (in a loud fashion) back to the dressing rooms, and they assign you a locker one by one...right down a row. Did I mention, I wasn't there with this group? You get a partial tour and then off they go.Maybe I am used to upper end spas, but most treat you one on one. They provide you with a calm/quiet tour and ask if they can bring you anything to drink. That isn't the case here. There are carafes of water and paper cups, but nothing fancy. I tried to shake off the noise and undress. I felt weird because most everyone was in a swimsuit. I was not. I had a robe on, but for my steam room and shower and spa I normally am nude. There were a couple other people there who were like me but the majority of the people were suited. I showered, again nothing fancy in the way of body lotions/shampoos- just generic  "shampoo" gallons.  It was this way for all the amenities.When I walked by the towel bin by the spa area, some  towels had blood on it. I covered the mess with a towel and walked to the front desk (in my robe) and let them know the towels were over flowing and that there was some sanitation issues.  They thanked me and went back quickly to take care of it. It was so busy that I couldn't go in the hot tub. It was a normal "oversized hot tub" that maybe 10 people could fit in. There were already 8 or 9 and I wasn't looking to sit super close to strangers. And then the chairs surrounding it were full as well.  I decided to just do the steam rooms and showers and then wait for my massage.The place is like a maze, but to get to the co-ed space, you have to zig zag down some long haul ways, but you finally find it. It is a cool space. And there is a relaxing salt room. I don't know why it is called that, it is just a warm room, with comfy seats and dim lights for the 'sky'. But it was quiet. Finally.My husband even commented how the massage staff just walk around calling out names (loudly) and so it takes away from the relaxing vibe. There was also massage therapists walking into the space, with coffee in hand and carrying all their bags - as if they were just getting to work. Onto my massage, it was good. Not great. But it was good. I enjoyed the room, the bed was warm. And the massage therapist just did her thing.There was no spa like smells, or scented lotions. But it was nice.When you are done, they show you cards, and ask you to choose one, but you don't really understand the point until they give you the card and say it is a gift. It is like a motivational bookmark.
3	I've been staying at The Palazzo hotel for almost 2weeks now and I've been to the spa twice. The first experience I had there was nice(facial&cocoon), but the second wasn't so great. I had my makeup done (airbrush) and a mani/pedi at the salon; which all were kinda rushed. The makeup was horrible. I do my own or have my makeup done by a professional pretty much everyday and the skill wasn't there. Seriously, my  7yr old could've done it.....that's all I'll say about that.  The mani/pedi was nice but I felt rushed. If anything I don't recommend some of the salon services.
2	*This review is for the salon*While staying with friends at The Venetian for yet another free staycation, my friend and I decided to get manicures at the salon here. Too bad the manicures weren't free too! First, the walk getting to this place is ridiculous. I did like the colorful walls and decor, but it was too loud for a spa. I got dizzy every time I turned a corner and it was another long and colorful hallway. I kept wondering if this place was hidden in a deep dark tunnel. When we got to the front desk of the salon I noticed two employees laughing away and chit chatting. I wasn't sure if they noticed us standing there or not, but after the long walk it took to get to the salon and then standing there for 15 minutes waiting I wasn't feeling too good about this experience. Finally, these two employees noticed us and said "oh I'm so sorry, how can I help you". Grrrr. The salon was packed and looked like a zoo. The hallways leading into this place were so quiet and the front of the salon the same, then you get inside the salon and the noise level escalates. I had a "Spa Manicure" that cost $50 and I got a locals discount. The woman who did the manicure was nice, but seemed rushed. The couch style seat was comfy, but this place was just too crowded and loud to even hear the person next to you well. My manicure looked good, but average. For the price I would hope for a bit more space with maybe less people at once inside, the manicurist to take her time and the noise brought down a couple notches. The manicurist was nice and didn't control the appointments so I felt sorry for her. This wont be a regular stop for me, but with the right locals deal I would come back to try out their spa services.
2	I've been to 2 other spas in Las Vegas and gave this one a try over thanksgiving weekend. I was staying at the palazzo so the price was the cheapest I've experienced at 25$ for a day pass. Even with the low price I would not recommend this spa. My favorite spa in Vegas is the qua at Cesar's palace, so a lot of my comparisons are to that spa. First, the locker and shower area is clean and has lots of supplies. The rains....what a crock... It's a cold shower at different pressures. Total waste. The steam and dry sauna were my favorite part of the spa. Both are very large.The only whirlpool is small and crowded. Also it's a bit too hot- I could only last about 5 minutes. The heated chairs were nice, but the lighting in this area was off. Bright lights when your trying to relax is hard. At qua there is mood lighting throughout which helps relaxation. The herbal steam room was okay along with the ice room. I like the aromatherapy in both of these rooms. The co-Ed rooms were pointless as well. The salt rom was not your typical salt room it didn't smell like a salt room..I doubt if there was any salt in there at all. The wave room was okay.They do offer tea and coffee and  fruit which is nice. My biggest complaint is that the robes are sooooo scratchy!!! It was really uncomfortable. I also hate that they don't enforce their no cell phone policy for 2 reasons. First people are naked okay no one should have a camera. Second it's hard to relax when someone is yapping on their phone next to you.I suggest skipping this spa and paying the extra money for a better one!!!
4	Having never been to Canyon Ranch, I was pleasantly surprised with the amenities included in the $40 day pass. I enjoyed that the locker room area was well kept, clean, and spacious. Also, the fitness center had all the basic equipment that you would need for a quick workout. My spa adventures began in the aromatherapy room. Like others have stated, it smells heavenly in here. However, there was about 6 seating area in this room. Yes, two people could fit into a seating bench, but it can become cramp. After this room, I proceeded into the Ice room. This room is about the same size as the aromatherapy room. There are no seating benches. You will have to stand to experience the ice-y rain. These were my too favorite rooms. However, the steam and Finnish sauna were bigger and provided a more relaxing atmosphere for me. I was in Vegas during the Thanksgiving weekend and it wasn't too crowded on a Saturday morning. Therefore, I didn't feel pressure to leave the rooms due to capacity. Although I enjoyed my time at the this spa, I can see how the small treatment rooms can become a problem on a busy day. As I felt the need to leave the Aromatherapy rooms multiple times to allow for others to use.
4	I was here last year for my bachelorette party -- decided to spend a day at the spa and till this day ( a yr later) i still think about it. It was just so relaxing and nice! We stayed at the Palazzo so the entrance fee was $20. If you're not a guest of the hotel, it's $40 - it's still reasonable considering you get to use the facility. They provide you with a locker, slippers, and robe. You can go back up to your hotel room and come back down or simply just stay in the spa for however long you want. It is not a co-ed facility except for certain locations it is. This spa facility consist of:- Crystal Steam Room: aromatic steam room- Experiential Rains: multi-sensory cooling showers- Sauna:  A classic dry-heat sauna - Herbal Laconium:  herbal-infused steam / hot room- HydroSpas and multiple heated loungers:  basically a room with a jacuzzi surrounded by heated lounge chairs (it feels soooo good)- Igloo:  three Arctic Mist experiences enhanced by twinkling fiber optics (super cold room)they have showers, towels, hair blow dryers, combs, lotions, you name it. you can practically spend the day at this spa then get ready here and go out at night with your girlfriends without needing to go back to your hotel room to change. All amenities can be found here. They also have plenty of cool damped towels, iced water, tea, coffee, and fruits to keep you hydrated. I highly recommend this spa.
5	This beautiful spa in the Palazzo/Venetian is one of the nicest anywhere. I scheduled a 50 minute deep tissue massage and it was the best I've ever had.  Pretty expensive but well worth it.
2	The techs here are top of the line: Jeff, Jeanna and a lovely nail tech were extraordinary.  If you want to book a massage or a mani-pedi, this is fine.  As far as a sumptuous sybaritic spa experience, this is like an average local health club with a few lights thrown in.  It is not spacious although they claim it is the largest spa in the country.  The sauna, the 'rain' experience, the 'igloo', the herbal area are really tiny.  The whirlpool is blazing hot.  I am told this is on purpose because its easier to cool it off then heat it up.  It was positively stifling and if you look forward to languorous hours whirling around relaxing jets of water at various pressure, forget it.  There are people everywhere, its not like a 'spa' which has a certain sense of intimacy.  This has the intimacy of your local health club or the Y.When you book your appointments, you must ask for a map because as vast and convoluted as this place is, they cattle call for the appointments by the hour "3pm pedicures!"  and if you miss the cattle call because you're having a treatment behind closed doors, you're on your own to find your way around to your next appointment.There seems to be confusion about the billing procedure which also creates a lot of anxiety about what is paid and what is still open.  For example, if they tell you they cant make the decision about a treatment you are requesting, the tech must do that, its up to you to tell the tech you left your card open for additional treatments because the tech has no idea and then there is a billing procedure that takes place in the treatment room when you have left your card open.  Its a little hectic and not relaxing.  I knew we were in trouble when we booked an aggregate of over $1,000.00 in appointments and we were escorted part of the way and just left there with "go all the way down....". and it went on like that.  There is a lot of pointing and directing no guiding and escorting like a true 'spa' where new clients meandering around ruins the vibe.  It is immaculately clean.  It is not new or space age.  It is not a garden experience by any means, there are really not even windows.   It is not 'lush'.I enjoyed by massage, facial and pedicure very much but it was not the kind of spa where you spend a few hours every day of your stay.  Its in and out.  Get it over with.
4	TIP: Enter through the Palazzo side so you don't have to walk down the long, empty hallways.  The rasul room for the mud baths is pretty cool!  You can also bring in alcoholic beverages from Canyon Ranch Grill! Awesome!!!I came here on 12/18/13.  It was my birthday, and my boyfriend had surprised me with a spa day.  We got the Ultimate Couples Relaxation Package, and I believe there was a discount for us.  However, despite the discount, it was still pretty pricy, but ultimately very RELAXING!  I was here before, about a year or two ago with girlfriends, and was pretty unimpressed by the services and amenities.  After going to Qua (at Caesar's), you'd understand where I'm coming from, but this particular visit was pretty amazing!Our appointment was at 11:00am, and we had arrived at around 10:30 to get settled in.  The ladies room was well kept at all times.  There are showers, sinks, and areas to glam yourself up.  There is also a sauna, steam room, and jacuzzi in the women's area.  All nice, clean and relaxing. In addition to this, there is a large room, filled with couches and magazines to peruse as you wait for treatment.  One thing I love about Canyon Ranch are the "co-ed" areas--the main room (the "Conservatory"), beautifully decorated--couches and loungers everywhere to relax and have some fruit and tea.  Although, instead of the serene water fountain, I wish they had a co-ed pool or jacuzzi in this area to up the relaxation level.  The other co-ed room is called the "Salt Grotto."  This room is darkly lit with red lighting, heated to a nice, warm 85 degrees.  The benches, floor, and walls are all heated.  The "sea air" is supposed to help you relax when you're in this room.  The seats, although heated, were not that comfy.  My boyfriend preferred the "Wave Room."  This room was also darkly lit, but blue; and the ceiling reflected the water located in the center of the room, surrounded by ergonomic-styled chairs to lie down and watch the ceiling.  The room and chairs were not warmed--it was rather quite cool for me, but it definitely served an environment for a quick cat nap.  All these areas were very nice, quite and relaxing.  On to the treatments.  The Ultimate Couples Relaxation Package which included the Couples Rasul mud bath/shower and a Couples Massage.  The Couples Rasul has got to be by far one of the most unique treatments I've ever experienced.  The attendant brought us into a dimly lit room.  There were two lounge chairs, towels, and a large steam shower.  The shower was beautiful.  The tiles were blue, and the ceiling reflected "stars" and "rained" water at the end of the treatment.  There were two concave seats that faced each other, two handheld shower-heads, and aromatic steam that releases during the shower, as you rub each other down with the selection of imported muds to cleanse and exfoliate.  It was sensual, relaxing, and fun.  The couples Rasul was about an hour long, and afterwards, we hung out in the Conservatory room for about half an hour, and were ushered into our couples massage.  The massage was great.  It was about 50 minutes long.  My boyfriend and I really enjoyed it.After our treatments, we went to the Canyon Ranch Grill and spent the $40 certificate that was included into our package.  We ordered the kale chips with ranch--delicious!  I ordered the portobello mushroom stuffed with quinoa and burrata cheese, on top of a baby spinach salad.  This was good and healthy!  My boyfriend ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich.  This was good.  It had grilled chicken, grilled red onions and peppers, and avocado.  I also ordered a mimosa.  The meal totaled to about $40--perfect for our certificate!  We left tip, of course.  All in all, I really enjoyed our spa day, mostly because of the couples treatments and coed areas, and the fact that there were NO people really.  Apparently, Vegas is pretty much deserted right before Christmas.  And then Christmas hits, and it's like a zoo! LOL!  They have a lot of specials during this time of year to try to attract customers on such a slow day.  I'm sure it's starting to get crowded again now that NYE is just a couple days away.  But Canyon Ranch is definitely a great spa to check out!
5	I can't say enough about this spa. It is simply fantastic. I came with my friend during a fun girls weekend, and she was really excited because she is a Canyon Ranch officianado, and has visited the Tucson location multiple times. I was excited to experience the spa, and was not disappointed.We both had 90 minute deep tissue massages, and were able to get appointments at the same time. We got to chat and catch up while walking through the spa, and then got to relax with our books in the relaxation area before our treatments.After our massages, we had a chance to explore what the spa had to offer. The rain showers (cold and hot) were really relaxing, and the jacuzzi spas were lovely as well. I loved the aromatherapy room, and felt truly relaxed after sitting in there for a while.My therapist was very attentive to my sore spots, and offered helpful advice for how to avoid having these problems in the future. I would highly recommend this spa to anyone. Icing on the cake was having lunch at the Canyon Ranch Cafe' afterwards. All of the food is healthy and delicious, and I left the cafe' feeling light and refreshed.
4	The Canyon Ranch spa and gym are amazing. Access to the fitness center is no extra charge with the included resort fee if you stay at The Venetian ($28/day). A day pass for the spa facilities alone is $25/day (a total steal!) for Venetian guests. Treatments are obviously extra. The spa and gym were huge, clean, and more impressive than I had anticipated.At the spa I got a pedicure. Way overpriced/more than my local nail salon at home but totally worth the splurge on vacation. Tricia did my pedi and she was awesome - super sweet, not overly chatty, and did a great job. All of the staff at the spa were great actually.The spa facilities include a sauna, steam room, hot tub area, igloo room, herbal sauna, etc. There are also many sitting areas with lush couches and settees that have refreshments, magazines, etc. I wish there was more than just water and fruit (because I was hungry!), can't complain though. When you arrive you get a robe, flip flops, and a locker. The locker room was clean and secure. The ladies facilities were stocked with everything you'd ever need - hair dryers, deodorant, hairspray, powder, gel, etc. The co-ed areas are really nice and relaxing. The salt grotto and wave room sounded fancy but were just additional sitting rooms - I really didn't notice anything special about them. Still, it is rare to have a co-ed area and I loved spending the extra time with my husband in the spa so I would totally come back just for that reason alone.Overall, the atmosphere at Canyon Ranch perfect - really inviting and relaxing. I had been a Qua Spa nut but after coming to Canyon Ranch, I may be converted. Qua is slightly nicer but they have jacked their prices way up ($100/day just for the facilities!) and they don't have a co-ed area. Also, Canyon Ranch is just too convenient if you're staying at The Venetian.
5	Honestly some of the best money I spent in Vegas. My boyfriend and I came here and got day passes. It has separate men's and women's areas, which is fine. In each side there are:1. Experimental rains: simulation of tropical rains on your head with aromatherapy and cool lights2. The Igloo: colder rain with aromatherapy and cool lights3. Very hot steam room4. Nice sauna with pretty wood benches and head rests5. Hot tub6. Aromatherapy sauna that has some interesting aromatherapy urn7. Showers with shampoo, shaving stuff, body wash, a million towels and bath robesMost women were wearing bathing suits, some were nude.Apparently the men's lounge has a TV. The women's does not. Sexist?The communal area has fruit, tea, magazines, water. It also has a salt sauna and a room with trippy lights and loungers. All in all, awesome! Fantastic staff, really relaxing and definitely a perfect way to get away from how truly awful Vegas feels.
2	Came here because our usual spot, Qua Spa at Caesars Palace, had closed off a large section of their spa for maintenance. Some pros and cons (as comparison to Qua) are as follows. Pros:  *The Relaxing Lounge is much more comfortable than Qua with individual nooks with reading lamps; big round couches to share with a friend or lay out to sleep on by yourself.  *The shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all smell amazing.  *The Canyon Ranch Grill is really close and you can grab a quick bite or drink while in your robe. Other diners might give you weird looks. *Salt grotto in the co-ed section is a must visit*The steam room was my favorite. Hot but not overly herbal. The steam at Qua Spa always feels like it's stinging my nose and lunges. *sandals were soft and comfy croc like foam. Cons (get ready this part is long):*The staff act like they're doing you a huge favor by being there:Example 1. When paying for treatments (for myself, my sister and my best friend-- over $1,000) I was asked if I had gift cards as part of my payment when I said I did, she scoffed. She was the senior desk clerk. We should have known the other staff would be subpar. Example 2. The whirlpool was only luke warm. When I noticed that an employee, Liz, was checking the water I asked, "is the whirlpool usually warmer than this?" to which she replied, "yeah, I know. They're working on it." Attitude overload. * There was a lot of staff standing around not working: Just grouped in pairs talking about other staff in condescending tones. One was sipping champagne. Liz was later taking a nap under a robe in the super comfy Relaxation Lounge.* The experiential rains were freezing.* The wave room soundtrack was not crashing waves but rather jungle sounds with bird noises. Overall, Qua Spa still has my heart just for their attentive, friendly and hardworking staff.
4	Great spa! I have been to Qua at Caesar's and the Encore Spa. Each spa is lovely in it's own way, though I do prefer Qua but they do not let non-hotel guests in on weekends anymore =(There were a lot of people in the spa when I went on a Saturday during a non-holiday weekend and that kind of detracted from the serenity of it. I did however enjoy the steam room since it is SUPER hot and cleansed my skin very well. While I was there it would stop working periodically and we had to ask them to reset it a few times. The sauna was nice but not that hot. I loved the cold room with the aromatherapy rains falling from the ceiling as well. My only disappointment came from their styling products (hair spray looked like clear water and was in a plastic bottle) and the hot tub area. The area was really small with only 8 chairs and the hot tub could only fit about 10 people. The tubs at Encore and Qua are MUCH larger and more comfortable to lounge around. The robe was also not comfortable compared to the luxurious robes at Encore and Qua.The staff was friendly and helpful. I'm sad they did not mention that there were extra treatment rooms in the co-ed section so I rotated through all the treatment rooms in the women's section and did not find out about the Salt Grotto, Wave Room, and gorgeous co-ed relaxation area until the end, when we only had 30 minutes left before leaving to catch our dinner reservations. And I really would have liked to spend more time in these two rooms!So for my ranking of Vegas Spas so far, Qua is on top and this place is tied with Encore's Spa. I liked that there were more treatment rooms at Canyon Ranch versus Encore but the small hot tub area was a joke compared to Encore's.
5	This is what a manicure should be! They give you a polish with your manicure and the tools they use to clean your nails - you get to take these home, like a party favor. Granted, prices are a bit steeper at about $50 for a mani. A hot tea was lovely. And my manicurist took her time and it was really relaxing. They use the highest quality products and the spa is lovely. You can use any of the showers/baths anytime during the day of your service.
5	Probably the best $40 I spent while in Las Vegas was for a day pass at Canyon Ranch SpaClub. There are separate men's and women's areas which had, a hot tub, steam room, sauna, aromatherapy sauna, and somewhere called the igloo which showers you with cold water. I didn't go for any treatments but they are also available to those who are interested.The men's area had a TV which allowed me to sit and fruit while watching the NFL game whenever I got board of the rest of the spa. There is also a communal area which has comfortable sofas and couple of rooms. I came out of the spa so relaxed it's just a shame that you have to navigate the Las Vegas strip to get there.
1	They had me in tears before I even got there. They were so rude booking my appointment it was unbelievable. I spoke to 3 different ladies, all of them rude. I would not have even gone but had a $100 spa credit. Once inside the message therapist  was good, not great just good. The spa itself was filthy. The shower had not been cleaned in a very long time. Very disappointed wont be back even if I have $200 credit.
3	The Venetian is my favorite hotel and I really wanted this to be my favorite spa, to be my go to spa... and I can't help that I was a bit disappointed! Yes, the facility is really nice and relaxing... but it just doesn't compare to Qua over at Caesar's Palace! The amenities here were less, much less. They do have water, coffee, and tea available, as well as some fruits for snacks... but it was nothing compared to Qua. Qua has bottled water, various specialty teas, coffee, and a variety of juices (apple, orange, pineapple), fruits, and pretzels. I only found a variety of tea here in the co-ed area and in a room hidden in the hallways... not in the main waiting area. Don't get me wrong, I did have a nice time relaxing here and this facility is huge, with many hallways... and the MOST of different types of rooms (steam, herbal, cold, etc) I have ever seen, I think about 10! They also have a co-ed area where you can go relax together if you are with a significant other or have a mixed group. In the co-ed area, there is a wave room and I can't remember what the name of the other room was. The thing I disliked most about the facility here was that there was only ONE pool!! It was overpacked and TINY! Barely 6 people could fit into the pool. Another thing I wasn't too thrilled about was the showers and vanity area. The showers here only have one shower head... at Qua, they have showers with SEVEN different shower heads spraying water from all angles. The showers here did have a bench for you to place your things. In case you are wondering, it is individual showers and they place 2 clean towels in each shower. The showers have body wash, shampoo, and conditioner in the stalls already. There are plastic bags for you to put your dirty clothes in and disposable razors available. I saw tons of workers here and the facility was spotless. In the vanity area, there is face cream, lotion, body spray, hair spray... however, if you want any styling tools, you have to ask the front desk. I did not like that. At Qua, each area has tools and brushes for you to use. On the particular day my friend and I went, it seemed really packed. I don't know if that is the norm though. Another thing I did not like was the cold room. It was a wet cold room... and there was no place to sit. It was standing room only with water that sprayed out from the ceiling every now and then. Something I though was cool here was there was an open shower area where you pushed a button and different water sprayed out that mimicked a tropical storm, fog, and one other thing I can't remember. It was really cool because it felt a bit like experiencing the real thing, but in a controlled environment. My friend and I spent a good 4 hours relaxing here. I loved the large round sofa like chairs. They were super comfy and I don't think I've been able to fall asleep so easily! I wish I had one for my home! We were staying at the Venetian, so it was only $25 to use the facility for the day and you can charge it to your room, so if you also have a Grazie card, you will earn tier points. If you are not a hotel guest, it is $40 to use the spa for the day. For $25, it was totally worth it, even with the one small pool... but for $40, it is not worth it. Pay an extra $5 and go the Qua instead ($45), but sadly, Qua no longer allows non-hotel guests to use the spa facilities... If you are staying at the Venetian, then it is a bit of a walk to the spa, but the hallway is very colorful and happy; from the Palazzo, it is only an elevator away.
5	I'm rating the gym fitness center only. The gym is AMAZING!! The best hotel gym in Las Vegas. The cardio room is huge and clean. The weight room is well stocked with everything you need for an awesome workout. Equipment is Clean and in good working condition. I really recommend visiting the "older" fitness room, which is in the Venetian. The Palazzo has a smaller fitness room which Isn't bad, but can't compare to Venetian's gym. I had such a great workout. :)
5	Canyon Ranch SpaClub is as close to paradise as it gets! I spent the best $40 for a day pass there last week & I so enjoyed the spa, steam room, the Salt Grotto & most of all the Wave Room! I have a stressful job & to come to Vegas & experience that Wave Room was hugely enjoyable! Loved it!! Incredibly relaxing! Charged up my batteries to tackle life with kids & work at home again! Smile.
3	Didn't get a service, but did get a $40 day pass. My favorite rooms were the Crystal Steam Room the Igloo and the Herbal Laconium, respectively. The Experiential Rains seemed better in theory  than in reality (fuh-reezing!) And the HydroSpa and multiple heated loungers were not bad as well. Of the co-ed spaces, my favorite was the Salt Grotto. Definitely took a nice nap in there. However, I was disappointed that the complimentary gait analysis had to be scheduled in advance, and that the smoothie bar closed so early. In the spa, I enjoyed the Numi organic teas. My favorite was the Chamomile Lemon. Of the handful of spas I've been to in Vegas, I'm still partial to the spa at Aria.
5	I had an incredible week there. I am not a Vegas fan but between excellent services, a nice staff, and awesome personal training sessions, I regret not extending my trip even at my own expense. I went there for a conference. Michael was an excellent personal trainer. I spend a lot more it NY for someone of the same caliber. Highly recommend requesting him. Have fun! It's a great place to decompress and try to be healthy in a fun town.
3	The gym is showing it's age. Nothing bad but nothing great.  With a hotel like the venetian, i wished they would have updated the gym with modern equipments.
5	LOVE LOIS! In the salon. I live in LA and travel to Vegas for Lois to do my hair and I am loyal to her only. She has been doing my hair for 15 years. I tried cheating multiple times closer to home to save money but it cost more for an emergency flight to get it fixed.  If you want GREAT organic looking highlights alongside a healthy haircut go see Lois.
1	My wife and I have been to several different hotel spas in Vegas in the last few years and the Canyon Ranch twice.This spa seemed pretty average in terms of decor and facilities the first time we went but we gave it a second try since we were staying at the Palazzo.We won't be going back because of the service. The staff failed to confirm our appointment and we ended up arrive at the wrong time. A misunderstanding, totally fixable we'd have been happy to pay more to sort it out. But instead of offering alternatives to fix the situation the manager seemed intent on spending an hour looking back through his records to prove it was all our fault.Not the sort of service you expect for the prices. The Cosmopolitan Spa is great, they confirm appointments and fix problems as they arise.
3	I was on vacation and staying at the Venetian. I booked a day spa pass, with hair blow out and make up design.The spa itself was great.They had a lot of great rooms: herbal, igloo,steam, rain shower...so many great places to relax. I enjoyed the time at the spa.The hair salon was a bit cramped and cluttered. The room where I had my hair done was in a tight little back corner. It was not high end or relaxing.For a $120 blow out, I would think the facility would be a bit more "upscale". The blow out itself was great....day ONE. After that, the curl fell and my hair was left sticky and dry. My makeup was also not great. The lashes instantly fell off, the makeup ran, and was def. not heat or water resistant. All in all, it was okay. But I would not go to the salon again. The spa, I def. would.
2	We are avid spa-ers and make it a point to visit the spa at every hotel we stay at in Vegas. We stayed at the Venetian last weekend and visited Canyon Ranch and can say we were not that impressed. We were excited based on the reviews we read and photos we saw but were underwhelmed. First off, the spa does look outdated compared to the others we have visited. After changing into our robes and showering, we went to see the different rooms. First, the steam room is too hot. I am one for sweating it out but the steam in there was so hot that it hurt to breathe and burned our noses. It was too intense. We thought to try the Igloo room right after to cool down and that was TOO cold. In other spas, such as Qua, the ice room is a nice cool room with cold temperatures and no cold water pouring on you. This however was basically ice cold water raining from the ceiling. It was unbearable. Next to those 2 rooms was your standard jacuzzi which was again, too hot. There's jacuzzi hot, and then there's boiling pot hot. This was the latter. I will say that the lounge chairs by the jacuzzi were heated and comfortable. More inside was a standard sauna which was okay. No complaints there. But there are two rain showers there that simulate tropical forests, Caribbean storms etc. Again, cold water pummeling down on you from different directions. That pretty much sums up the spa portion. While waiting for our treatments, this is where the "outdated" theme comes back in. We were taken to a tiny room with chairs stuffed inside to wait for our masseurs. I never got the idea I was in a spa, but instead a doctor's waiting room. Just the overall feeling was not spa-like at all. I received the hot stone massage and I have to say, this made the experience worth it. It was one of the best stone massages I've received. However, one minor complaint was that I paid for an 80 minute massage and got a 60 minute one. They were 5 minutes late retrieving us and ended 15 minutes early. At that point what are you supposed to say? "Get back in here?" So we let it go. In order to see the conservatory, the wave room, and the other rooms advertised online, you have to go to the Coed area. This is where your masseurs pass through to take you to the treatment rooms. This is where things get better. The wave room is very tranquil and quite and so relaxing. There is also a spa shop and teas and fruit. The worst part of the "ordeal" was dealing with their inexperienced, inefficient, and lack of staff. Typically, we take care of payment before entering the spa. This did not happen. They put our receipts to the side only to retrieve them at the end of our day. Not only that, but they had 1 person at the front, with a second going in and out. They do not communicate well between shifts. When we went to pay, they couldn't find our vouchers nor our appointments. At this point, there was a line of 7 people being assisted by 1 person. Overhearing other guests' issues, the spa charged a gentleman's birthday gift from his kids to him, which was supposed to be covered on a voucher, thereby no longer making it a present and also lost a woman's voucher completely, making her contact the issuing party to clear the bill.Overall, I was not impressed with the professionalism of the staff nor the spa itself and will not be returning. But if you do, be warned.
5	I had a massage and facial and they were by far the most exceptional hotel spa services I have received.  The spa is relaxing and has jacuzzi, igloo room, herbal room, steam room, sauna, and tropical rain shower.  Both the esthetician and the massage therapist were wonderful.
5	Phillip Mareaux, one of the barbers in residence at the Canyon Ranch Spa, is an absolute artist. I'll talk about the rest of the place in a minute, but before I do, I just need to wax poetic about this man.The ease with which he plied his craft (a straight razor shave) was refreshing to behold. I was immediately relaxed and remained relaxed, with Phillip working his magic as we engaged in conversation as effortless as his razor work.The rest of the spa was just as lovely. Expansive, richly appointed and utterly peaceful. My week here converted me from the Qua. I'm a regular at Canyon Ranch from now on. And hopefully a regular with Phillip, king of the shave.
1	Took my mom and myself in for facials, we are locals and I work on the strip, we like to try out the spas around town.Nothing bad to say about the check in or the facilities,    all high end and well maintained. It was the actual services and lack of follow up by management that got this review only one star. My facial was definitely mediocre nothing I couldn't have done on myself in my own bathroom. Thought it was weird my tech left the room for a time to let my mask sit ...shouldn't u be messaging my hands during that time?? it was only a 50min service didn't feel I got my $240 plus tip worth.My mom received an upgrade to an "oxygenation facial" where they blew air and a product on to her face. When they started the air my mom told her tech she could feel it going in her eyes so the tech held the eye pads down over her eyes, not resolving the problem. That was my mom's only real complaint after the facial because she had some eye irritation.The next morning tho her eyes were completely red and very irritated, and got worse by the afternoon. That's when I decided to call the spa maybe get some advice on what to do, and they put me thru to a manager who told me that shouldn't happen they don't go near the eyes... but they had. I asked she email me an ingredient list for my mom to take with her to the eye doctor , which never happened.Eventually her eyes cleared up with drops, I was just shocked by not getting a follow-up call, or the ingredients list from a spa of this caliber .
5	I just had THE BEST Pre-natal Massage EVER!!!!!!! It was relaxing yet, firm and worked out many a kink!!!
4	Tip: They take Spa Finder Gift Cards.  At Costco, you can get a $100 value Spa Finder Gift Card for $80.   It took me 10 minutes to find the elevator to the Spa.  It's confusing and the Venetian Map didn't help.  Once you make it to the spa front desk, it's another minute walk down a really long tunnel.  You check-in again with the women's spa room and you get your locker.  They give you your robe and sandals at this point.  You get a locker that you can store all your stuff in.  It's an electronic key (waterproof).  What you need to bring: bathing suit (if you won't want to be naked, and there were a lot of naked people), make-up (if you want to put make-up back on), make up remover, hair tie, hair brush, and for me...a bra and underwear (because I totally went in my bathing suit and forgot them, whoops).  What they provide:  Robe, slip-on sandals, shower cap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, face wash, shaver, moisturizer with and without sunscreen, hair spray, hair dryer, water, ice tea, snacks, magazines, and lots and lots of towels.Amenities:  I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was PACKED.  There is a hot tub, sauna, steam room, herbal steam room, ice room, rain showers (which mimic fog, tropical and Caribbean rain)  and regular showers.  The herbal steam room has seating for four people, so that sucked.  Took forever for me to get a spot.  The hot tub was packed.  I finally made it in there, but it was super awkward because there were so many people.  The ice room is really an ice shower which I avoided at all costs.  The rain showers were cool, but it was still too cold for me to want to stay in there for long.  I enjoyed the herbal steam room the best.  Services:  Lots of services for a relatively decent price in Las Vegas.  You must wait in the lounge and be present when they call you for your appointment. Overall, I was happy with my facial here.  It was a little overpriced in my opinion.  Check out occurs at a third desk.  They should really minimize the amount of desks they have at this spa.  It's really confusing.  Overall, I had a great experience here.  I'm glad I came!
2	Here is a fun game to play while relaxing in the hot tub at the Canyon Ranch SpaClub - count the missing tiles!  This used to be my favorite spa in Vegas, and I have been to nearly all of them multiple times.  I was looking forward to returning, but was amazed at the disrepair.  There are probably nearly 50 tiles missing from the hot tub.  What is that sharp, pokey thing under my foot?  Why, it's a loose tile that I then fished out.  I would have loved to take a picture of the all the missing tiles in the two in-tub lounge seats, but no photos in the spa.  Perhaps they are counting on that.Here is another fun game.  Go into the Igloo (cold room) and look behind the frosted glass covering the lights on the wall.  That is black mold growing that you are inhaling when you are enjoying your cool down.And they still are charging $175 for a 50 minute massage.  All the price, but they have given up on the facilities.  Brow wax is done in the noisy salon with a lady that was rushing the process as fast as possible (taking the mirror from my hand as I am looking at my new brows?!? am I that slow?!?)Check out was slow, when I was assured that my bill would be ready to sign when I left.  And no one asked how many experience was - otherwise, I would have gladly explained my lacking experience.The bright spot was my massage (hence, the 2nd star).  Leticia (Leti) was really amazing.  She listened to what I was looking for in my massage, and executed wonderfully.  Unfortunately, I just don't think I can come back to this place to see her.
2	I had my hair cut and colored  at the Canyon Ranch Salon.  Wanted to love the experience, but it was below mediocre.  I typically pay $40-$60 for a haircut and $100-175 for color if I get it done.  Service at Canyon Spa was well over $300 and my complaint is not the price, but the quality, there was absolutely nothing special about the service, results were rather mediocre and overall it felt like a strip mall experience.  If you need your hair done, I would recommend searching for a place with better reviews.  I got a distinct sense that getting this type of service where repeat business is unlikely was a bad idea.
1	Very bad experience with couples romance pkg which included 80 minute massage and the partner mud. We started with the mud which was horrible. We were put into a small   Pitch black room and told we had 4 minutes to put mudd on each other. We were told to sit in the most uncomfortable plastic seats which were ice cold until the light came on approx 40 minutes later. "Torture" would be a better description. We exited the cell after about 10 minutes which felt like an hour. The entire spa is very brightly lit and the employees are very loud so loud many couples were complaining. Both of us thought our massages were just average certainly not worth $500.00. We tried to express our dissatisfaction when we left but there was nobody left at the front desk. We were asked to pay in advance of our services which struck me as odd since we were staying at the Palazzo. There are so many great spas in Vegas including the MGM grand, Wynn, Red Rocks etc. Go somewhere else this spa sucks. Worst spa experience ever and $700.00. Bad bad bad! Not even worth one star.
4	The Palazzo gym was clean and well maintained. Never having been to Qua, which I hear is the Vegas spa to beat, I certainly enjoyed the Canyon Ranch: plenty of environments to explore (the Wave Room, in which you lie on curvy, modern, ergonomically designed lounges while gazing at full-ceiling projected images of colored waves and listen to tropical bird sounds, is a really calming, peaceful, nice way to have a semi-psychedelic experience without actually taking any psychedelics); clean; an attentive staff; delicious Lather products; and perfectly air-conditioned.But this review is really about the stellar massage I received from Ben. Deep but not bruising, intuitive and highly attuned, and no annoying chit-chat, this was one of the best massages I've ever had - and I've had a lot of massages. It's still hard to believe that he was able to work out so many intransigent knots, all over my body, in only 50 minutes, but he did it. Many moments where my brain went to that not-asleep-but-absolutely-zero-thoughts, blissed-out, nirvana place. Well worth the Vegas-sized price. Thanks, Ben!
2	This was my second visit in the past 3 years. Last time was outstanding, this time was egregious. I didn't use the gym last time but did this time. The gym is fine. It's clean and has new equipment with adequate amount of equipment. Customer service at the gym was good. But the Spa...The walk down to the Spa is an experience in itself. The hall is painted in various colors and has new age lighting and sculptures along the way. It's quite a long walk, but meant to get you in the mood to transport into a new dimension of relaxation..This time, there was a sign at a corner that read "Do Not Enter", and 3 staff members stood beside it. The three of us (group services on this day) stopped and smiled and asked where to go. The 3 staffers were talking and finally one turned to look at us with an irritated look and used a patronizing tone to tell us to continue down the hall anyway. We noted the paint needed touching up in several places.We first went to the Salon for Pedis. Services here were very good. After leaving we noted paint job could have been better (it wasn't bad, just not top notch/top dollar expectations), but the experience was still good. Customer service excellent.After leaving there and heading into the SPA - we were given robes and slippers (absurdly told we had to use their slippers and not the foam ones from the Salon thus leaving two of us with smeared Pedis. And rushed away when they realized we were disappointed). We were also assigned lockers. When we arrived in the locker area, we were greeted by a smiling and pleasant woman with a strong spanish but easily understood accent. She was very accommodating and helpful. I felt she would bend over backwards to make us happy. I wish she was the one who greeted us with the slippers! We used the Relaxation Lounge and  Wave Room which were both quiet and serene and relaxing. We decided to get massages and spray tans. We asked an attendant who told us to ask any of the staffers in red or maroon tops to set that up for us. We asked the first one we came to, and she told us we needed to ask the one by the tanning place. That woman told us we needed to go out to the front desk (we were all in robes, but it is a spa...) We went to the front desk to inquire (noting we were the only ones in robes). Two people were checking us in. It took way too long, and questions were repeatedly asked over and over. It seemed one of the staffers was incompetent or new. The other was not a good trainer if the one was new, as she had little patience for this man and was condescending and made the process more difficult. Once they got the info they needed, we were told in a condescending tone that was much like a parent might use to a spoiled and impatient child that we would have to wait. Yet we were pleasant, patient and good humoured with them. It was unwarranted - then again, even if we were out of line, it's the Canyon Ranch for Pete's Sake! Customer Service should be superb!! We decided against further treatments as we all concurred the feeling of well-being and relaxation was not being encouraged. We didn't trust the experience would be very good. From there we opted to go back to the spa to use the sauna and steam room before heading out. It was so crowded. Women were slamming lockers, yelling and carrying on. We couldn't relax. Attendants opening doors and calling out names for services.... Had we all been in a mood for play, we may have enjoyed. But we all really needed relaxation and pampering we had come to expect from Canyon Ranch and other top notch spas. Or maybe if we were paying what any other spa charges, we may have not cared...
3	I enjoyed my healthy legs and feet treatment for athletes. Alan was great and very friendly and professional.2 reasons why I deducted 2 stars:1) I called 2 days before my treatment to switch times and the receptionist said I would have to pay a $35 change fee. Seriously?!2) The women's locker room and facilities were crowded and not as new and decorative as many other spas which charge comparable prices.
1	Where do I even begin...I'll keep this review minimal, as you should waste none of your precious time or money thinking about or being in this wretched place.*WAY outdated facilities*Needs a paint job*The vast majority of the tiles in the jacuzzi were missing - snagged my bathing suit*The jacuzzi was WAY too hot*The table that I received my sub-par treatment on was not heated*The shower in the treatment room that I was in was freezing cold*The shower head was broken in the treatment room*The staff was very loud when speaking to each other and customers*The Aquvana experience is a joke*The wave room and salt grotto are also a joke (glorified sauna)*The lights above the jacuzzi were dirty and filled with dead bugs*Bleach stains on towels...you get the pointI've been waiting over 24 hours to speak with a manager who just now called and reluctantly gave me and my friend a full refund. She was in no way apologetic and also seemed accusatory in her tone.Bottom line: DO NOT GO!
4	After a night out, I decided I needed me-time, so I dropped into the spa in hopes of finding a relaxing treatment to end my trip in Vegas on a good note. The front desk was very helpful and friendly; they directed me to the treatment pamphlet which included all of the foot massages. After choosing one and changing my mind about 10 minutes later, they were quick to accommodate me. I was able to get an appointment in a half an hour.This place is huge. I later on learned from my masseuse that this is one of the largest spas in the world. Close to 140,000 sq ft! Crazy. The hallways are long and confusing but the facilities are nice. First, my massage. It started 10 minutes late and ended on time a.k.a. I was paying $155 (weekend price is more than a weekday price - $175 - but I was able to get a $20 discount) for a 40 minute massage when it should've been 50 minutes. Kind of a pet peeve to be paying that much but having the experience be shortened. My masseuse was great though. I got a reflexology massage (my first focused foot massage), and it definitely helped my entire body feel better. He was also able to explain everything thoroughly when I alerted him of any pains I was feeling. He was right on the money with my health issues whenever he'd hit a pressure point and I'd ask him about it. It was an awesome learning experience for me.Second, the spa area. I stayed on the ladies only side and didn't get a chance to check out the coed areas. The one thing I surprisingly found very soothing, yet I was too chicken to fully stand in, was the igloo. Whoever's brave enough to stand under there has major guts, but I checked out the different rain features which included aromas. The showers are nice, and I love the eucalyptus spray. Overall, I had a good experience. From what I've read, some people complain about the crowds. I went on a Sunday, so I might've gotten lucky and escaped the crowds. I just wish I had more time to check out the coed area. Maybe next time!
5	The service is quick but friendly. Daniella is the absolute best, always on point with orders. I would work out heavy for about 2 hrs and hit up the ranch afterwards, and it's always a pleasure. I suggest the egg white omelette and rice porridge. Also the coconut pineapple smoothie with protein.
5	I have often been on vacation and visited a spa with a hair salon included and wondered to myself, who goes on vacation and gets a haircut?? Well, now I know- people like me. My regular girl is on maternity leave and I was trying to wait for her to return, when we went to Vegas for our anniversary. It's then that every split end waved at me in every reflection, and could not be ignored. My husband wanted a massage one day and I decided why not check out the salon. I was either going to return home and try out a new girl, or I could try out someone in Vegas and knock something off my "to do" list to save myself the time when I got back.I made an appointment with Crystal for a haircut, and she complimented my hair saying whoever normally cuts it does a great job. I know my regular girl is awesome, and it put me at ease that she just planned to clean up my overgrown layers and not change the way the style already is. She was super fun to hang out with, and gave me 2 recommendations for restaurants off the strip to try out. My husband and I ended up trying both while we were there for the week, and they were the best two meals we had while we were in Vegas!A great haircut and 2 great recommendations is a triple win for me! I would definitely go back to her if I lived in the area. Was it pricey? Of course- it's the salon inside the Venetian Hotel and on the strip. Everything is expensive. A great tip, however, is save the money on blow drying... I was staying in the hotel so I told her she didn't have to blow dry it, I could go upstairs and style it the way I like and save her the time. She then shared that my cut was $70, but to blow dry and style it would be an additional $90. I was happy to save the money, and spend it doing other fun things throughout the week. I should also mention, Crystal is pregnant, so she may be on maternity leave soon as well. If she is available though- I highly recommend her.And, Crystal, if you see this-thanks for the great haircut and two thumbs up on the Italian and Mexican restaurant recommendations!P.S. My husband rated his massage as awesome, although he did not remember the masseuse's name. We also utilized the gym while we were there and found it to be very clean with top of the line equipment. We'd recommend all their facilities.
4	After a night out, this is exactly what we needed on a Sunday afternoon. Since we were guests of the hotel, it was $25 for the day pass, otherwise it's $40 for the day pass. The day pass allowed access to the saunas, whirlpools, showers, locker room, lounges. So I didn't really know what to expect, but now that I know, this is what I would do next time:- Wear my bathing suit into the spa (or wear normal clothes and change into bathing suit in the locker room)- Bring a set of clean clothes for after showering- Bring my facial moisturizers for after showeringThe locker room and showers had everything else I needed such as: robes, shavers, hair spray, body lotion, hair brush, etc.The facilities themselves were very nice. I enjoyed the wet sauna and dry sauna the most. The salt room and wave room are in the co-ed area of the spa and those were more just like quiet areas. I would skip those.
5	Vegas Bliss: Ultra-Nourishing Cocoon w/Coconut Milk & HoneyI visited the Canyon Ranch SpaClub when I was staying at the Palazzo hotel, Las Vegas  (I invite you to see my review of the hotel & suite)There's something really healing to get a massage and spa treatment after a LONG cross country flight, struggle with suitcases and cabs and before 2 days of intensive all day board meetings- and the Canyon Ranch did NOT disappoint! I chose the the Ultra-Nourishing Cocoon body treatment which consists of: 100 minutes"Treat yourself to the nourishing qualities of Argan oil, renowned for its ability to hydrate and soften the skin.  After a gentle exfoliation, you'll be wrapped comfortably in our warm envelopment bed. A blissful massage seals in the benefits."    Mon - Wed $335    Thurs - Sun $345What does all that mean? What is this treatment really like?Upon entering the semi-dark calming treatment room that was outfitted with a massage bed, a tiled shower stall, a traditional massage bed, and also the floating envelopment bed - I was given a few min to disrobe & lie down covered with a light sheet.  The lovely and soothingly soft spoken therapist came back in (she has since left the spa - I just called and checked if she was there before mentioning her name - high turnover in the Spa business is notorious) anyway, she proceeded to exfoliate my skin all over with a sugar rub - she then lifted the sheet to modestly allow me to move over to the shower, step in, and rinse off & pat down semi-dry with a fluffy towel - she was waiting with the sheet lifted way high and walked me back to the treatment table where she then slathered & rubbed in this amazing Argan oil into my warm slightly damp skin.  After I was well-oiled, she wrapped me up in the sheet burrito style and helped me to tiptoe over to the envelopment bed. This bed is like a big upholstered doughnut with a platform built into the middle - I hopped on & lie face up in the middle. My therapist then covered me up with plastic sheeting built into the bed now I'm really swaddled up burrito style! The last step she pushed a button and the middle of the table/bed drops out and now I'm floating in a warm liquid waterbed of AWESOME for 25 min! I wish my local Massage Envy would get this bed! I asked later & apparently they cost like $30,000 bucks!By the way...........This treatment is NOT for the Claustrophobic! My therapist then sets a timer and leaves the room -  I sighed blissfully, wriggled around a bit, and tried to empty my mind as the Argan oil seeped into my skin and the world becomes ....... very quiet. What seemed like only a few min later she came back in and softly woke me (Did it go by that fast, really? Was I snoring? EEP!)The middle of the bed rises back up and I got out of the bed little more slowly and languidly than when I had gotten into it and was led back to the massage table where I got a 50 min lovely massage with the MOST AMAZING and aromatic cream I've ever experienced. I'm not the type who usually buys the treatment products at any spa but this stuff - this was a winner and I was willing to almost pay any price for it in the gift shop - $50 bucks for a big jar of the Pure Fiji Pure Fiji Body Butter - Coconut Milk & Honey super nourishing cream -- Yes, Please! (I later found it on Amazon Prime for only $28.75 - SCORE!) In SummaryThis was one of the most AMAZINGly nourishing, moisturizing, and relaxing body treatments EVAH! Very much worth the $345 When I go to Vegas, I don't gamble  - I splurge on pricey Spa treatments - and guess what? It's a SURE BET, baby!
5	Exceptional customer service, especially from the front desk... I think the guys name was Max or Jax... Massage was a bit on the pricey side but the spa area was truly one of a kind... Will come back again due to service and spa.
4	I was a little annoyed when I first entered because I showed up early and they were running behind. I had dinner reservations and was getting nervous. I'm sorry but I expect a salon at this price range to either be on time or at the very least acknowledge they are late. All of my worries went away when I met Tina. She did a fantastic job on my blow dry and was a pleasure to sit with. The shampoo job alone was worth the high price tag! She was just as talented as my usual stylist back home! She didn't require a ton of direction (thank God!) that's my biggest pet peeve when I have to walk someone through a simple blow dry. The facilities seemed nice. I just didn't have time this trip to explore the spa. A few things you should know..* credit card info needed on phone at time of booking * it's a long walk to the salon. Allow extra time to reach your appointment * prices are crazy high! It's Vegas so expected, but a simple blow dry for my short hair was $80 plus tipSpeaking of tip. The only reason I can't go 5 stars is because as I approached to pay at the end, even before I completely reached the counter or had been given a total, the receptionist was asking me how much I would tip. Relax lady! I have been to spas all over. I am well aware of what a good tip is! Again, just not the level of service you expect in a place like this. The stylists are wonderful though!
2	Holy crap. You don't want to go to this place unless you're an Arabian sheik. I've been several times in the past when I was younger and made way less money...it was a bit to sacrifice but worth it and somewhat reasonable. We applied two $150 off coupons. when we got our final bill we were shocked to see that it was still $350. I know it's on us to double check how prices may have changed at this place, but damn I wasn't expecting $325 for a massage! It was an "ok" massage too. Definitely think twice about going here unless you're extremely wealthy.
2	I love the Canyon Ranch brand. I have been to this spa 3x and the one in MA for an extended stay. The positive- the Canyon Ranch massage was amazing... great therapist, super relaxing. The negative....I went a bit early to do the whirlpool and maybe the sauna before. The whirlpool area was bordering on gross. Teacups left half drunk...robes and slippers just left there by previous users (they were not in the little rooms around- it was very quiet) AND someone put gum on the wall right over the head of the lady that was next to me. I was grossed out (I didn't tell her). Anyway, I left there to go to the waiting room. I grabbed a magazine and went to the furthest corner to read. That was fine, but the person that was looking for me for my massage never came in the room. You could see I was there, because all the privacy curtains are see-through and the room is not that big AND they knew that I already checked in. I came out and asked a random person what time it was, because it felt late...it was 7 minutes late and they said they called me. I told her I was sitting right in the far corner of the waiting room. That woman was not apologetic, and almost made me feel like it was my fault. Even if I didn't hear her- considering I am paying them big money- having a better attitude was called for. The therapist finally came back- she was lovely- and all was well after that. Sadly, I don't think I will go back to this Canyon Ranch. I have been to a gazillion spas in my lifetime and not clean and kind of junky service doesn't make me want to spend any more money there. There are other spas on the Strip for my next visit.
1	This was a second visit for me. I t had been a few years and last time I had a pretty good round. This visit was a bit surprising for me. First, they claim same day reservations as they are the largest spa in the country or the world. When I walked up for a service to be schedule later in the day between 12 and 4 I was told that most of the massage types I was requisition were not available and then I found one and then he said it was booked while we were talking. So, I ended up with just a general massage which was fine and he did give me 20% off for my troubles. Now, that is not really a big deal as this is an easy discount to get but I appreciated the effort. I think this was more of a staffing issue than anything else with the availability. When I got there ahead of time it took them quite a while to get me back so I had almost zero time to spend in the steam room and sauna. What I noticed that was different this time was that the massage rooms seemed to be almost like a cheap row of motel rooms. The massage was nothing stellar, just run of the mill. This is where the biggest disappointment would occur.I left my key ten miles back in the room. Now, I do not think there is any way you could remember which room you had been in. If there was, I never saw it. I asked the locker room attendant if he could help. He looked for my intake form and could not find it. Then, he just pawns it off on another employee who was very irritated to be bothered. Finally, when he found the slip which has been misfiled because the guy wrote hi T like an L or something he walked over to my locker and opened it and then just walked off. Now, this gave me no opportunity to shower or anything without leaving my locker open. Very poor service and frankly unacceptable. I will not likely return when in Vegas. I did want to bring this to a manager's attention on my way out but they had one person working the desk and a line of three folks and i had a dinner reservation to get to and now have to get to my room to shower.
3	I enjoyed the amenities and it was exactly what I needed after a very stressful year.  I was already relaxed while waiting for my appointment and received a top-service massage and facial.  If you are having a facial and want to visit the sauna, jacuzzi or steam room, get there early and do it before.  I did not think about that and thought I would go after, but was told to avoid it after my skin treatment.  I enjoyed the wave room and salt grotto though.  I would take a swimsuit  to enjoy some of the facilities like sauna and steam room if you prefer not to be in a towel.  I would have given it 4 stars, but not pleased with surprise fees or add-ons, so be careful with unwanted add-ons.  For example, I did not request a collagen mask, but she put one on during my facial and then I was charged for it.  I thought it was a part of the facial, but was charged an extra $40 after an already expensive services.  I also had a coupon for a free add-on treatment from the Palazzo, which they acknowledged the coupon on the receipt and also attempted to charge me.  If we stay at the Palazzo or Venetian, I would definitely go back and take advantage of all the amenities there to enjoy, but know to watch out for extra services.
3	The spa is okay as spas go.  Definitely not as nice as one I went to in Hawaii.  However, it did have great water features, nice areas to relax, amenties to help get you back out into the real world.  However, the massage therapist was NOT good at all.  Very disappointing since my neck and upper back where really hurting when I arrived in Vegas.  When she asked what I was looking for and I asked her to focus on my neck and upper back she seemed surprised.  When she was massaging and I could feel her go over the knots and not work them.  I told her don't be afraid to rub them harder.  She declined indicating that is not what she was taught.  I have never had a massage where they didn't try to work out the knots.  I didn't want a rub down I could have just sat in the jacuzzi longer.  Very disaapointed with massage technician.  Other staff seemed friendly although I would have expected better treatment considering their reputation.  I have used their hair salon in the past and never been disappointed!
1	Don't waste your money....I have been to many vegas hotel spas...the facilities are okay, the massages were fine, however, the dressing room attendants are so rude!   They won't even make eye contact with you when talking to you.  Both ladies when checking in and checking out kept their backs to me.  Not the kind of service I would expect for the price I was paying.  Go down to the Golden Nugget!!!
1	Very unpleasantly surprised visiting this spa since the hotel itself (the Palazzo) is beautiful. Had to wait in line for a long while just to check in. The reservation and check in staff ruined the whole experience. The staff was laid back, slow, talking on the phone, way below par. Wanted to speak to the manger about my reservation and they wouldn't even allow me to. Waiting area was not relaxing at all. Compared to the spa at the Bellagio or Montage this place is laughable. Never come back to the hotel as a result. Way too many great places in Vegas with great well rounded service.
2	This spa was the least pleasant of every experience we had in Vegas over 4 days.  We are giving it two stars ONLY because the two massage therapist who performed our 80 minute hot stone couples massage were pleasant and truly skilled.  Other than that:1) Checkin and Checkout staff need a complete overhaul in Customer Service.  Try getting the person who runs the Venetian CS department to do some training.  These ladies where nothing but snotty and rude, without any sense of humor and just plain unpleasant at every turn.2) Please add some signage to the mega-mile walkway between the Venetian and the main spa.  We get that it's there so we could walk in our robes, not on the casino floor, but all alone in there, you have no idea where you are going and having been scooted on our way by madam rude at the venetian-side checkin desk we really had no idea what was going on.  Thank heavens for the very nice Venetian staff gent who walked up behind us and told us were were almost there!3) Petdi's ok, Pedicure ladies not enjoyable at all.4) Seriously, you can't get a glass of wine during your pedi?  Good heavens, I can get a glass of wine during my pedi and my local home town spa and YOU are in VEGAS!!  I should be able to order a mimosa or, frankly, anything while my toes are getting pretty.Bottom line, this place takes itself WAY TOO SERIOUSLY and ruins the fun-loving and enjoyable mood of the Venetian.  Spend your money elsewhere.
5	I stopped into the Healthy Feet store that is located next to the Canyon Ranch Spa.  I had been having a few issues at home after running, and decided to have a FREE gait analysis done.  I couldn't have been happier than to discover what was adding to my issue.  Mark M. took his time with me, and I felt like he really knew what he was talking about.  I'm pretty sure that he wasn't a stripper by night, and a healthy feet specialist during the day.  My feet were happy when I left there with a new pair of flip flops, and a few free samples.  He even offered to hunt down another pair for me from another store.Great customer service!
4	The healing cocoon that I booked wasn't exactly healing or relaxing.  It was broken.  Fortunately, management knows customer service and provided a full refund.  Enjoyed all the various rooms and relaxation areas.  Not sure I will return with so many options in Vegas.
5	The location atmosphere and services are amazing. The signature massage and the neuromuscular release are amazing. Way to go.
3	It was ok, but I will be going back to QuaBaths at Casear's Palace next time I want a massage and a Spa Experience.  I was not overly impressed with the place.  Some of the staff was very nice, and some of them seemed very curt.  My masseuse was not the friendliest in the world.  She was nice before and after the massage.  I tried to converse with her a couple of times, but she didn't seem interested.  And she barked orders at me a couple of times.  The Hot Tub/Sauna area reminded me of a glorified gym.  They didn't even use any aromatherapy during the massage.  One thing I really liked was the Eucalyptus in the showers.  I also liked the relaxation lounge.   The Igloo Sauna was incredible.  I didn't find anything special about the salt room and the wave room kind of creeped me out.  Unless I get something comped, I will not be going back here.  I'll stick with QuaBaths at Caesar's.
2	Let me start this by the fact that I  a huge fan of the facilites here. Love love love being left alone to relax and experience all it has to offer. I could stay here for days... It took me about 30 minutes for my brain to stop thinking about what time it is and break the addiction of my phone and plans for the day blah blah blah. Finally ahhhhhhh. This last visit got 2 stars because of the personnel. Upon check in the girl never looked me in the eye (big no no for making me feel special. "Do I have something on my face? Am I repulsive?) second woman, calm kind energy. Third woman, grey hair working on 12/15 around 8am. Very aggressive and judgy almost confrontational until she stopped herself. Saw two male workers in the women section. Then stopped kind of awkwardly as a repairman fixed the sauna. All my relaxation efforts went out the window and I chose to leave. Maybe next time...
4	Very relaxing time! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because there's only one jacuzzi, and it's pretty small. But there's a lot of other unique things that make up for it. There's a herbal room that I loved sitting in. There's also an igloo room that sprays frost on you. And a rainforest shower that sprays different water pressure and lights. I got a short 25 minute treatment that was $55, and it gave me access to use everything. The day pass rate is $40, so it was worth it to do the treatment. Overall, I enjoyed it, but Caesars Palace is still my favorite Las Vegas spa.
1	ATROCIOUS! LESS THAN STELLAR! ON PAR WITH A CHEAP GYM!1. The facility isn't nice looking whatsoever. The carpeting looks like something you'd find in a hospital. The lighting is too bright. 2. There was a hair ball in my shower. 3. You are supposed to wait in a relaxation room yet there are no magazines available. And for the ten min I waited there all I heard was  staff announcing names for people to fill out paperwork. You think that's relaxing to hear? Fill out paperwork upon check in. 4. Their hair dryers are junk. They're conair. They don't work well. I think for the amount of money they charge you could have higher end hair dryers. 5. The combs and brushes were full of hair. That's vile. 6. They couldn't even have a nicely displayed product line of hand soaps. They had yellow soap in a plastic labeled bottle. Again, luxurious? No. 7. Don't dare turn on your phone. The staff harasses people about checking their phone. People are here on vacation and have families. I have two toddlers. I need access to my phone and no, I'm not leaving the spa area half naked to text my husband or nanny to see if they're okay. That's what they suggested I do!8. Their staff is sitting there chit chatting fyi. That's not a high end experience. Maybe they should be cleaning their showers so their customers don't need to step on a hairball. Their spa smelled. It's sub par and something I'd expect to find in a low end hotel. SAVE YOUR MONEY!
