4	High end watches with out the pushy sales staff or snobbery, it's about time!I enjoy horology and interesting time pieces and this store is full from them. They are a authorized dealer for many high end watch brands like Jacob and Co, Zenith, Bell and Ross and many more. They also have a great selection of used watches at good prices.What really sets this store apart is the fact that they will politely help you regardless of what you are wearing. Granted when I had on my good replica of a $32,000 watch, the service was very attentive. This is a true watch store with a great selection and they do know their stuff.This is in the Scottsdale Fashion mall on the 3rd floor nearish the food court.
5	Really the besst watch store around. Extremely helpful staff. Always willing to assist without pressure to buy. As a result I have purchased several watches from them and the customer service has been outstanding. They also have a great repair facility and a excellent selection of used watches. Highly recommended.
5	Scored a great new watch from here and the service was great. Definitely paid a premium to get it in this shop but the service has proved awesome and even when I came back to San Diego the service at the local location proved awesome. Selection was a little light but I dont know what more I could ask for. Great service, definitely would come again
5	I just completed a trade in for a new watch. I couldn't have asked for better service or better value. if you're looking for a new watch, this is the place.
5	Excellent service, knowledge, and a genuinely helpful staff!
2	Took two watches with a Quartz movement here to replace the batteries. The salesperson explained, in wierd used car salesman mannerisms, that the watch would be "perfectly opened", the battery "perfectly replaced", and the watch "perfectly closed", to which I did not reply "what other f-ing way would you do it?".One was done well. However, on the other watch, it failed. They offered to send the watch to the service center. I was reluctant because the watch was fine just a day ago. Instead I replaced the battery myself and found the battery isolator had been removed causing a short in the battery. I replaced it with a makeshift and the watch now runs fine.I would leave one star, except the first watch was serviced well, and they were nice.
