4	I booked a couples' massage package for the hubby and I to celebrate our anniversary.  Started out with an hour long massage in what was really two separate rooms- they simply opened up the pocket door separating the two.  Both of us really enjoyed our massage, and at the end, we slipped on robes and ducked into the private whirlpool room attached to one side of the massage room.  Waiting there for us was a large jacuzzi filled with salts and bubbles, candles and sparkling grape juice.  With the package you get a half-hour in the tub, it's a great way to end a massage!
4	I went with my husband for a Mini Oasis Getaway using a groupon discount. It was wonderful! Such a great treat! We were taken to a private room to enjoy a soak in a whirlpool for a half hour before moving to an adjoining room for a massage. The soak in the tub worked wonders to relax the muscles the half hour massage which was pure relaxation. It concluded with a half hour foot massage where we got to talk to our therapists. Ryan and Juliette did a great job, very personable and sincere, they made it such a relaxing experience. We were lucky to book this at a dicsounted price but I would be more than willing to pay full price to go again.
2	Slightly below average Madison spa. Nothing overtly wrong with it, but there are many other, better options in Madison in this price range.
2	Average massage service and "whirlpool" was a slightly larger than average bathtub off the massage room. The sparkling wine was some sort of Welch's grape juice concoction, which was actually fine with me but if you're expecting to get a little tipsy then you'll be disappointed.
4	can't speak to any of the other services, but I just got a brazillian and brow wax from Myranda and I highly recommend it. she used a combo of hard and soft wax. very well done and kept the pain minimal
2	I recently had a couples message after buying a Groupon for the Oasis Day Spa. While I really enjoyed my massage immensely, it had everything to do with the massage therapist and nothing to do with the Oasis. The massage therapist offered me a 30% discount on my next massage so I was excited to call a few days later to book my next massage. When I called, I had been informed the therapist I had had was let go. No further information given. When I asked about the 30% discount I was told I could no longer use the discount since that specific therapist no longer works there. Poor customer service in my opinion. If you want to keep a customer, you extend the 30% discount to any other therapist. So, I won't be going back.
2	I've had a massage, a mani, and two pedis here.  All of my previous experiences have been par for the course.  My latest pedi turned in to a not so nice memory.  The technician cut my cuticle on my big toe and didn't even mention it to me.  I felt a little sting as she was cleaning the lotion off before using the polish - but I didn't think too much of it.  A week and a half later, I get to go to prompt care for an infected nail bed.I wouldn't be so upset about this if it had been from a strip mall nails joint, but from a day spa?  And the amount of money you have to pay for their service?  I'm going to think twice before visiting them for a pedi again.
4	My wife and I went here for their $170 couples massage, and overall had a great time.Service at the front desk was polite and helpful, it's a little busy in there due to having such a small space but they do the best they can with it.  We were given sandals to wear and brought to a very comfortable waiting room with cozy chairs and refreshments.  I am usually not the most relaxed person and was well overdue for a massage so I'm thankful they set the tone early with the first room you go in.  I thought I was going to fall asleep before we even got going.Next they lead you into the massage rooms, they're side by side so you can see and talk to each other if needed.  Our "therapists" discussed with us for a bit to find out how we wanted everything tailored, and then got things started.  We both were very happy with ours, I felt like soft jelly afterwards and was ready for a giant nap at home.  The only thing I had to request during the massage was a change of music, as they started with some intense movie soundtrack that sounded like we were riding on horseback to the Alamo or something, but they changed it up right away into more relaxing tunes.  Personally I prefer getting a massage to more earthy music, but the classical stuff they put on later was perfectly agreeable.  Other than that there were points where the massage was a little more firm than I would like but I tend to prefer some variance over the course of the visit so I didn't mention it (and she did ask if the pressure was ok).  I enjoyed the massage quite a bit though.Afterwards we got to soak in a Jacuzzi tub with apple juice in champagne glasses which was a great capper on an already positive experience.  If your in the Madison area and looking for a good package at a reasonable price, I'd definitely recommend them.
5	I was home for the holidays visiting family so my friend and I thought it would be a good time to catch up and treat ourselves to a manicure and pedicure.  Needed to prep for New Years Eve!  I got the gel manicure - clean up the nails, a nice soak, a GREAT hand massage and then the gel.  Great color selection - I picked a nice sparkly one for my NYE festivities.  The manicure definitely lasted at least 2 weeks.My friend got a pedicure - massage chair, lots of foot rubbing and soaking. She definitely enjoyed it and her toes turned out great. It was also nice because we could chat with each other while we were both getting services - it was not like she was across a huge room like standard nail salons and chatting would require disrupting everyone in the salon.  This was definitely a more cozy setting.Overall a great experience and the perfect way to catch up with friends and treat yourself at the same time!OH and ps:  The massage chairs are the BEST I have ever sat in.  It is not just some massage mat put on a normal chair.  This is equivalent of a deep massage, no fooling around. Try out the pedicure for the chair experience alone!
5	Let me preface with the fact that I am an RN and a Doula, so I'm familiar with medicine and massage techniques. I usually get a massage once a month back in San Diego where I live. I was in Madison for a few days on business and saw an ad for Oasis Spa. I called and they were able to get me in for a 90 min appt. with less than 24hr notice.  They sent me to an alternate office about 10 min from the original since construction was being done on the original and they wanted me to have peace and quiet during my massage. Kudos for that!  The building was new and clean and quiet and the receptionist was very nice and explained all their procedures. I was taken to the room by the therapist and asked questions about my health and the type of massage I sought. Since I'd just had a terrible (but expensive) massage in Chicago a few days before, I was adamant that I only wanted relaxation. I've had back surgery and Dan explained that I was a good candidate for Myofascial release since I was having so much pain. That was the most amazing massage. After 90 min I was more relaxed than Ive ever been, had no pain (first time in months) and felt great. Then I was not rushed out of the room for the next client but allowed to feel chill while I dressed then paid and the staff was still very nice. I highly recommend Oasis and Dan for an amazing massage.
