4	I don't camp.  I don't scale mountains.  I don't kayak.  I don't canoe.  I don't ski.  I don't snowboard.  But we went into the new REI by Northlake Mall this past weekend to look for swimming gear for my partner who's training for a triathalon.  They didn't have what we were looking for, but the store itself was pretty fascinating...if you're into all that stuff.  I enjoy a good hike and riding a bike, but not professionally.  One of the most fascinating things we saw in the store was the Camelbak.  It's a sleek, modern backpack with a long straw coming out of it.  Kinda like those beer hats, but not as doofy-looking.  My only concern?  How does my martini stay cold?
4	REI stores are remarkably consistent.  I have been to quite a few of them and not only do the stores have the same feel, the employees do too.   Everybody's really helpful, they typically know how to advise you on the difference between one tent or sleeping bag and the other, and they're usually friendly to boot.  I don't think their prices are great, but if you're a member, you get roughly 10% back, so that's good.So carry on, REI, I'll be seeing you on my next semi-annual visit.
4	WARNING! If you're of the outdoorsy sort, leaving this store without at least one item is nearly impossible.REI is neatly laid out, super high ceilings, helpful staff, and has a lot of "local spots" (for climbing, hiking, swim holes, etc) books.Their REI-branded clothing is pretty awesome (and way cheaper than competitors like Northface and Prana) and durable. They basically make the same thing as the name brands only with different colors and knock 30-50% off of the price.I'm a fan. Next time I can afford more outdoors equipment, I'll be back.
3	I go into REI once in a while just to check things out. I'm not the outdoorsy type, but do like the 'Life is Good' brand & they carry it here.The store itself is nicely laid out & very inviting - looks almost like a ski lodge to me. :D. The employees are nice & friendly, but mainly they're knowledgeable.The prices are kinda high, but like Leanne said, the REI brand is comparable to Columbia & North Face.If you or you know someone who's outdoorsy, go to REI.
5	Amazing customer service, helpful staff, products with good warranty and a decent location between 77 & 485.This is my go to place for anything outdoorsy, including nutrition/food!
5	Wow was I impressed with the customer service! Unlike some other big name sporting goods stores, I actually had three people ask me if I needed help. I went in looking for a bicycle and got 1st class advice and help.  I got to test ride them and felt very comfortable with my choice. They even offer a 90 day free tune-up if you need to tweek anything after riding a bit. Big shout out to Mike and Zach in the bike department! DB Charlotte
4	I love REI and have been a member since way back in High School during my backpacking craze days.  This store has the typical great selection of outdoors gear and wear and you can basically outfit yourself for most anything from a camp out in the backyard to your bucket list, hike the Appalachian Trail end to end, goal and beyond.They do have many sales during the year but you need to catch the right ones to really save a bundle.  Went last week and was underwhelmed by the discounts but still walked out with a bit of outerwear for this winter (if it ever gets to the Carolina's that is).
5	This was not my first visit to REI.  The last time I stopped in was before I became a Yelper.  I went in on a weeknight (my standard option vs. the weekend, when I can) and the place was definitely not crowded.  I stumbled into an associate who directed me to the item I was seeking.  We had a brief conversation about the products before he left me to make my decision.  That was easy!  Checkout was quick and easy,  and they were able to locate my family member pass via telephone number (savings add up).  The associate reminded me of their upcoming garage sale for members on Saturday, March 10.  This is where you can save upwards of 40% of items that were returned to the store.  For all the sports enthusiasts, this is your opportunity to stumble on savings.  I am told people will camp out to be the first in line.  I am not up for that, but I plan to stop in to see if I am tempted by the sale merchandise.
4	I can't say I'm quite sure if I'm a believer of their lifetime membership, of which I too am a member. I mean, most retailers will take returns without a receipt, although some only offer store credit. Now if I continually bring back beat up shoes 12 months later without even an eyebrow raised..that's gonna be a different story.REI, well we all know what it is. Prices aren't as high is the LV store, but ain't as cheap as Walmart. Service is super nice. Being it's an outdoor store, you almost kinda expect everyone to be wearing all natural hemp tie dye shirts, crocs and rock dreads or something. Alas, only a few do and its like you can probably score some "all natural" herbal essence if you tried (totally kiddin').Welp, what else is there to say? It's a great pro employee co-op with a few member perks and everything one needs to be their own Bear Grylls. I like the store and if it was set up something like Ikea, I'd be in there everyday.
4	Generally speaking I do quite love REI! I've heard the negatives and seen the obvious positives. Apparently the biggest negative being that they raise their prices outrageously for a profit over the manufacturer's price. Placing that aside as the only negative I can burn through some time in here.One of my biggest loves would have to be carabiners and climbing hooks. I'm no climber but I love hooks for all kinds of things. I'm even willing to buy those awesome $20 locking hooks just to hang something from my bags. There really is no end to the climbing, hiking and camping gear. If you find yourself in love with climbing or often end up at the National Whitewater Center strapped into some nasty over-used harness you can always buy your own harness and helmet right in here to bring with you. They have plenty of camping gear including tents and sleeping bags as well as all the cooking gear you could possibly imagine in order to camp in relative style and comfort. Cool North Face clothes and Vibram foot-hugging shoes for anything from tall mountain climbing to some casual trail running. Bags galore, flashlights and such, sunglasses, knives, food, etc.The staff is friendly, nice and helpful. In the back side of the store near the bathrooms there is a world map where you can place a pin and stick a picture to the billboard to show off where you've gone trekking in the world. I'm saving up and aiming for buying a car-top rack for my kayak and mountain bike. They have both of the big name brands Yakima and Thule. Anybody with a heart for the outdoors could easily run out an entire day in here.
4	Been here....a lot. Most of the time I feel like I really want a kayak, or a new sleeping bag, or a bunch of climbing gear that I'm not certified to operate, or a new backpack, or several boxes of clif bars.....or an over-sized mountaineering watch with an altimeter. Visited recently and happened a great gear duffel that has now become my traveling luggage. Love it. Membership perks to the tune of dividends at the end of every year, 20% off coupons, and random sprint-type sales. Not a bad deal at all. Customer service is pretty much awesome every time, too. What a great place to drop a few hundred bucks!
3	On the smaller side compared to other REI's. Their selection reflects their size. Not nearly as many options for shoes as the larger stores. Employees seemed pretty friendly for the most part.
5	I visited for the annual sale on return items.  Some items were clearly worn but I found a pair of Shimano cycling shoes (what I was looking for) in my size!  The shoes had no visible signs of wear and I paid $34.83 for a $100 pair of shoes!  Woo hoo!   That is what I call a bargain.  I also picked up a pair of long Novara bicycle pants for cooler weather for $20 and a shirt for $7.  Although we were not among the first in line, I was quite pleased with my purchases.  Those shoes were waiting for my hands to pick them up and they rendered a perfect fit!  Had we been among the first inside, I'm sure I would have picked up items that I didn't really need.  Oh, I also got an all weather, 3-piece coat (White Sierra) for the little one - just $30.Note:  Staff members were knowledgeable about the items in their section of the store.
3	I went to exchange sunglasses the cashier called someone over the intercom to come help me. No one ever showed up to help me. I told her to just return the glasses and I'd replace them somewhere else. She asked me if i wanted her to call over the intercom for help again. I didn't waste my time waiting again. Cashier was nice
3	This is a great store but I only buy items that are on the clearance rack! REI is just too expensive to buy from, but its great as a showroom to try items on and then buy them online from a cheaper source. That's just the reality of it. As others have said, great store, great employees, but my current employment doesn't allow such high caliber purchases.
5	Disclaimer:  Maybe I shouldn't be posting a review here since I didn't actually BUY anything, but my experience was top notch (and I was expecting to be disappointed) so it couldn't hurt.  My boyfriend and I came into possession of an ancient X-Cargo car top carrier that is no longer in production and also was missing some crucial parts (and also isn't REI brand to begin with).  We went in as an absolute last resort to find this part, lest we have to travel all the way to the wilds of Concord to find it. (The HORROR!)  An employee took a look at our part, brought out the same parts of the other car top carriers they have, pre-bent, and took it right in back to bend it at the same angle as ours with his vice grip, FREE OF CHARGE.  It worked perfectly for our needs, which ended up saving us a ton of room AND money (because we can now fit a bed in the back of our car, which space would have otherwise been occupied by the things that are now snug as a bug in a car top carrier.  So no hotels!)  Thanks, dude!  I feel really bad that I never got his name, but he is a lifesaver.
4	Compared to the MSRPs I saw online and retail prices at another store, REI has great prices on paddling helmets.  This may contribute to why their inventory was low when I was shopping (which is why they got 4 instead of 5 stars).  Don't just blindly listen to your friend complain that REI is expensive...put in the effort to compare prices and think about the guarantee REI offers when contemplating value.I must also say I LOVE the smell inside REI.  Not exactly sure what it is, kind of smells like someone just brewed a pitcher of peach tea by the front door every time I walk in.  This is actually something I look forward to when going to REI...Be sure to check the events calendar because this store has really neat seminars/classes to attend.  Most are free if I remember correctly.
4	REI is known for the diversity of their goods for sale--nearly everything outdoorsy you need, except for hunting-oriented things--and their helpful staff. This store in Northlake is like most others: large, appealing, neat and well-organized. They have a bike shop, which not all REI stores have, and the expected camping, kayaking, climbing, and hiking goods including a decent but not extensive selection of clothing. Indeed, this is why I rate them four instead of five stars: they are heavy on their own REI brand, have some North Face, Patagonia, and other well-known brands, but not nearly enough--their Arc'teryx selection was weak and beyond clothing their backpacks seemed lacking in some sizes and brands, too. On to the staff: I was helped by two staff members, the first was very sweet but she made a startling comment (in my view), when we were comparing North Face and Arc'teryx jackets, she stated "well, you know, Arc'teryx they have some $800 jackets so you're wearing that and you have major swag, here people think they're all that in their North Face but come on". Really? At REI? Yes, Arc'teryx is great but the swag factor isn't what sells it to the demographic who buys it here, it's the quality. I told her all things being equal, I'd rather not wear a $500-800 jacket in the woods where I know sooner or later it will get dirty and maybe torn even. I was just surprised at her attitude about what makes this gear "important" considering the REI ethos. Second employee was better as I asked him about a couple different folding knives and he was very informed and on-point. Something that really impressed me was their rock climbing gear selection and its presentation (see the photo I posted) which was great. Here's the thing with climbing gear: much of it is small, almost all is expensive, and you don't need to have it cluttered as some shops do--REI had it very neatly laid out so you could see everything, all the rope was on nice spools, most everything else on shelves or in a glass case--this is how it's done. Their small book section also was very neat as was most of the store. So really, the only complaint is that they could expand the clothing some and also maybe encourage their staff to extoll the real merits of their brands instead of hype. Overall, very cool store though.
