5	I've been to a lot of gyms in Scottsdale and BODI is definitely one of a kind. I have done both the Strength and Sweat workouts at BODI and they are truly the hardest workouts I have ever done. But in the same breath, modifications are given to make the workouts suitable for any fitness level. What really sets BODI apart from other gyms is the owner, Nikki Metzger. She is so incredibly welcoming, knowledgeable and passionate. It makes you feel comfortable in her gym and also very excited about reaching your fitness goals. I highly recommend BODI if you are looking for the best results from a 60-minute group fitness class.
5	This is the best workout that I have done. I know every time I go that I will be pushed and challenged. BODI owner, NIkki, is amazing. She is so passionate and willing to help modify any workout so that everyone can get the most out of it. I am very excited to continue working out at BODI!
5	That's true, 5-stars! As good at it gets. BODI is a real gem! A well priced gym for the area and a real bargain if you experience the kick-ass classes here. It is easily the best gym that I've ever set the foot in.The owner Nikki is a Nike certified coach, and is very passionate about fitness. It is also very cool that it is a locally owned business and not some corporate chain like the other options in the city. I mean how many gyms, let alone businesses in general these days can you find the owner knows her members by name! You can't go wrong here.My first class when I walked in there, the studio looks amazing. It is very contemporary and full of positive energy. There are primarily 2 sets of classes - Sweat & Strength. Both classes have different kind of workout circuits. And eventually I noticed that the Sweat & Strength classes individually can be so different from the previous day. The muscles and the mind stays confused and I'm NEVER bored with the workouts. There is always more I can do with an exercise (add more weight, do the exercise quicker, more reps) or less, hehe,  if I'm not up to par yet. I feel muscles I've never really felt before. That's a big attribute to Coach Nikki. She is full of energy & that gets all of us pumped up too. She is providing, what I call a true personal training in a group setting. What I really appreciated was the size of the classes. They're small enough for your trainer to watch you and make sure you're performing the exercises with correct forms. Nikki is consistently demonstrating the right way to do the exercises as well as levels 1,2 & 3. You never feel like you're getting lost in the crowd. Nikki will adjust training to your level of fitness expertise. If you're a "rookie," then she will teach you the proper techniques to get you started.  If you're a "pro," then get ready to get your ass handed to you cuz this aint no joke! #duhHer ability to push us to our own ability is very admiring. In a short 1-week of taking the classes at BODI, I can recall 5 things I've done in a class which I would not have dared to OR thought I couldn't. And now, I want to do more of it.A true mind/body/spirit improvement.The class timings are set such a way that we have an option to workout before we go to work, or after work. The gym is available anytime of the day for the members to come and do the workout on their own & Nikki is there to help & guide & will have the circuit ready for you.The gym is very clean, the restrooms & showers are impeccable and the bottled water is provided.It doesn't hurt to try it--I tried it and I'm hooked! :)
4	Wow, that's a workout!  Be prepared to be worked like never before.  The owner, Nikki, is a ball of energy and one of the most fun fitness coaches I've ever had.  Every class is different from the last, gets you sweating and works you all over.  I swear, I'm never sore in the same muscle twice.  You will encounter almost anything in Bodi classes.... Kettle bells, med ball, plyo boxes, free weights, ropes, tires, burpees, mountain climbers, (attempted) chin-ups, TRX, and jumping on/off anything flat.  In any class, you do between 6 and 16 (yes, 16!) moves/exercises, anywhere from 3 to 6 times each. Sometimes for a minute, sometimes for 30-40 seconds. Though some of the moves will become slightly familiar, you will do them for different intervals and in a different order each time.  Nikki (like a super-fit energizer bunny) is always there to encourage you, offer an alternate if the move is too easy or hard, and correct your form.  I've done about a dozen Sweat and Strength classes since the beginning of the year and there is definitely a difference in my stamina and strength.  When I started, I could not move the 14lb med ball while doing a russian twist. Now I can.  =)  I have new/more muscle definition in my arms and my obliques are popping out!  Crazy ... I think my boyfriend is a bit jealous.  I love it.  ;-PFyi, bring a small towel and water.  You'll need it!  Also, if you're boney like me, you may want your towel as padding between you and the floor for some moves. The floors are rubberized for non-skid, but can leave you a little bruised feeling every now and again.
5	Do you want a workout that will kick your butt but leaves you feeling great?  Nikki will definitely kick your butt into shape. The workouts are never the same and will challenge you to go the next level.  A typical can include several workouts in an hour. You will be using any combination of box jumps, burpees (i really hate these), ropes (hate these even more), Kettle bells, medicine balls, TRX, push-ups, etc.  Nikki will instruct you through 30-60 second workouts while the latest beats are blaring. She offers about 24 classes every week and will motivate you to push it to the next level. Sweat is the cardio class that will make you sweat in 10 minutes. Strength will challenge your muscles. As a Nike certified trainer, Nikki is passionate and energetic about the workouts. Bodi will put a kick into your workout routine.
5	LOVED IT!!! I've been working out for years and I just left the sweat class and it was awesome! Totally different then working out at the gym! I will be back! Nikki is great!
5	We have all been at points in our lives when working out becomes more than just physical exertion. For some, like myself, simply committing to a regimen is actually more difficult than the workout itself. Lack of planning, direction, time all are reasons why I have fallen of the wagon in the past. Working out at this gym has allowed me to free my mind of planning sessions and more importantly, allows me to use use the hour of exercise in the most efficient manner. I became a member in January 2014 and have not left the building once without feeling completely exhausted and feeling great simultaneously. This place is worth every penny.Nikki is truly one of a kind. Her energy levels will keep you motivated even when your day has you feeling down on yourself. It is very rare to have this much fun in a place where you are challenged full throttle.On top of it all, there is a great sense of community and accountability to keep you coming back. It is extremely difficult to manufacture the desire to come back and kick your own butt, but this place has found a way.I would give this place more than 5 stars if Yelp would allow me. Give this place a try, you WILL NOT REGRET IT!
5	I created a Yelp profile so I could write this review!My boyfriend and I recently relocated to AZ and were struggling to find a gym. I wanted something that provided the same endorphins and sweat as my previous spin and hot yoga sculpt classes. He was looking for something with a structured strength training focus. We're grateful to have found BODI and Nikki!Nikki has an amazing positive energy that makes you smile even when she's kicking your butt. She learns everyone's name on their first visit. Her energy encourages a welcoming team environment that I haven't experienced at other gyms.Both the Sweat and Strength classes provide a challenging workout. Modifications are offered and demonstrated. There is a wide array of dumbbells & kettlebells to choose from.Try BODI for a couple weeks and you'll find yourself with a tighter bod and BONUS a new group of gym friends:)
5	Nikki is absolutely amazing. No matter your skill level or athletic capabilites, she makes you feel comfortable during your workout.
5	I've heard so many great things about BODI, I just had to give it a try myself. Being an avid Lifetime fitness member for years, dabbling in numerous pilates, barre and spin studios in the valley, BODI definitely tops the charts! You have a euphoric feeling right after leaving the SWEAT class at BODI that compares to none. Nikki's positive attitude is contagious and will make anyones day just that much better. I would recommend for anyone who wants a great workout at a reasonable price to try BODI. You won't be disappointed!!
5	It's an amazing workout and always different so it's never boring. Nikki is a great motivator and I find her a to be very inspiring and fun!
5	I've been going to BODI and have had the pleasure of knowing Nikki for just a couple of months. In this short time both Nikki and BODI have changed my life in ways I could have never imagined. Nikki's butt kicking workouts are what gets people to BODI the first time, but it's her infectious energy that keeps people coming back. She has created not only a gym that changes lives by giving people confidence and the gift of fitness but a gym that changes lives by creating a family.
5	Holy crap!  Every time I walk out of this place, I say to myself, "That's the toughest workout I've ever done."  I am a Bikram yoga addict, but was looking for something to change up my routine and help me build more muscle tone.  I bought a Groupon to BODI by chance and found this gem of a gym powered by Nikki.  She is awesome, funny, motivating and inspiring.  After coming 2-3 times a week for a month, I have already noticed a difference in the way I look.  My abs are sore as I type this.  Highly recommend!
4	I found this gym through a living social deal and I was happy it was so close to home! Every time I walked through the door I knew I was in for a great workout. Nikki, the gym owner and instructor, is full of energy and really cares about every person, trying to get to know all her clients. She's a real sweetheart that knows how to kick your butt in a workout! I'm a huge fan of circuit training and constant movement during my workouts so this was a perfect fit for me. The only down side for me is the cost. After my living social deal ended I was not able to continue working out there because I personally can't afford to spend that much monthly for a gym membership. However, if you have the funds, I say DO IT!
5	This. THIS. This is exactly what I've been looking for in a fitness studio. A challenging workout that changes every day, draws a great group of people, and feels welcome to absolutely anybody who is brave enough to walk through the door in voluntary acceptance of a veritable ass kicking. Nikki - you have made this place into something truly fabulous.The workouts burn. And sometimes I feel like I'm gonna throw my heart up, just a little bit. And sometimes doing an exercise for a 4th round of a mere 30 second interval makes me want to throw my hands up and say "F*#@ it, I'll be fat." But that is oddly what is so addicting with each hour you spend here. It's challenging, but so fast-paced you don't have time to talk yourself out of squeezing out that extra rep. And you're not the only one turning red and puffing at the cheeks. Looking around the room - NO ONE can make this workout look easy or effortless. We all look like we've been passed through a washing machine. It's a group effort.Though I also purchased the Groupon deal, I anticpate breezing through my 10 classes pretty quickly and defintely plan on being a full fledged member. When you're already a decently fit person, the marvel of being sore after every workout is priceless.
4	Great workout!
5	Wow.  So I heard about this gym from a few people, so waited and got the groupon to give it a try!   Its great!   The workouts (so far) have been circuits, do X movement for X amount of time and then move on to the next movement and the next and the next etc etc etc and do it X rounds oh and do something in between each round like running the block or in-out jumping squats.  And every movement is demonstrated for every level, from advanced to beginner, with several modifications and variations.The group of people that go, are nice, but they aren't overly nice (think smiles & head nod acknowledgements/ not hugs), seems everyone comes in, works out to their hardest ability, and goes home with no real judgement of anyone else.  More or less because you are breathing and sweating too much to care what anyone else is doing and only focus on yourself.The instructors are awesome. They are peppy enough to keep you motivated, available to help with a modification or ask about form on a movement, but aren't in your face drill instructors yelling and belittling you if you need to rest for 2 seconds.And I see other reviews say it is expensive!  No way!   The 10-class pass right now goes for $120 -- that's $12 a class!!!  Amazing!   Hard pressed to find a class that gives you this much satisfaction afterwards for only $12 in Scottsdale (Orangetheory, for example, is $18 a class!).
5	I am a newcomer to BODI and even though I am not very good at it I really like the way Nikki, Madi and Missy motivate the class and give variations for each of the exercises based on skill level. No 2 classes are the same with a great variety of challenging rotations. If you are looking for a great workout and a  welcoming gym you should definitely give BODI a try.
