5	I highly recommend purchasing your home security system through JPG security. We have a vacation home in Arizona and since were not able to be there all the time I know it's protected.  Jim was very helpful and answered all my questions and concerns. I trust this company with my home! The installers were amazing and QUICK!! Thank you JPG for giving me piece of mind :-)
5	If you have a home out here in AZ, you MUST work with Jim to get your home security system installed. Jim not only has the knowledge base of the system itself but being a retired police officer, he is well aware of what to look for. Jim is competitive, knowledgeable, understanding and patient. He will answer all of your questions and concerns without hesitation. And don't worry about having to sit around all day waiting on an install because Jim will let you know exactly when someone will be there. Keep up the great work Jim!
5	If your looking for someone to install a home security system you dont need to look any further then Jim @ JPG.  It was actually a great experience working with Jim and he had the answers to all my questions and he has the latest and greatest equipment out there.  The installation was top notch and they did it faster then I could have imagined, then he went thru step by step on how to work the system.  Jim is a former police officer and knows the in's and outs of what to look for in a security system for your home protection.  Definetly give this guy and call and he will not let you down.   Thanks Jim !!!!
5	My parents were asking about security systems and I was instantly impressed with the level of professionalism from Jim. He displayed a deep understanding of our needs and guided us through our options with clarity and his experience as a law officer really showed. I definitely recommend.
5	We were burglarized when out of town.  We live in a very safe neighborhood and have never had nor thought about having a security system.  However, when we came back we discovered that many things were missing.  Thankfully no one was home. After contacing the police, the first thing we did was call a locksmith, the second thing we did was call numerous security companies.  Jim called us back within an hour - on a Sunday night - and made an appointment with us for first thing Monday morning.  Jim showed up himself and made reasonable recommendations that would address our security and safety concerns.  He arranged for installation within 3-4 hours of our meeting.  This was a condition for our purchase and contract with any security company.Compassionate, professional, personable.  If you've come this far to question whether or not to get the security system and with who - Do Not Hesitate about whether this company is the right choice.  It Is!!
5	JPG Security called me literally 5 minutes after sending a request online to be contacted. The owner himself called, and made an appointment to come to my home. After a brief review of his website and these yelp reviews, I felt completely comfortable having him come to give us a free consultation. He sat down, showed us what our 'weak' spots are at home, and recommended several glass break detectors. I thought this was going to get expensive quickly, but Jim told me that he'd waive all of the fees. I can't believe how accommodating, flexible, and inexpensive Jim is as compared to others like ADP- I would recommend him and JPG to EVERYONE. Burglars, beware!
5	As new homeowners moving to Central Phoenix we were really concerned about protecting our most valuable possession, our home.  Researching all of the options available to us JPG was by far the best. No upfront astronomical costs or hidden costs and extremely reasonable monthly rates. This was important to us as we were literally broke after spending our life-savings to get into our dream home. Jim the owner came to our home after hours, was personable and instantly made us feel at ease. He spent  his time explaining all of our security options to these novices and was patient and extremely trustworthy.Thanks Jim and JPG for making us feel more at home in our new home!
5	We shopped around before choosing JPG and we're so glad we did! Jim and Toby came out to do the installation and are top notch guys. We love the system they put in and all the options it comes with, especially the mobile app (which, by the way, they showed us how to use before leaving which was definitely above & beyond)! You can't beat their new systems and FREE install - same price as the competitors who really can't compare as far as systems go. These guys are definitely Woohoo!
5	What great experience!  Jim from JPG Security made the entire experience of getting a home security system a pleasure.  I have become so used to poor service and broken promises, that frankly it was a surprise to receive a phone call from Jim within hours of sending my initial e-mail inquiry on a Sunday!  I was a little shocked when he immediately set up an evening appointment that same week, and by Saturday that same week my system was installed and working flawlessly.  Jim took the time to review my home layout, talk to me in depth about my security needs, and met some of my fears and unique requests (like an extremely LOUD alarm) without hesitation.  If you own your home and have excellent credit, the installation is FREE, and there was no charge for the equipment!  He was able to show me the going rates for about 4 major companies, and the pros and cons of each system.  This allowed me to the pick the best system for my needs.  In addition to the sales presentation, Jim was also able to use his prior experience as a Gilbert Police Officer to share valuable information and tips to keep my home more secure.  He was a good listener and problem solver.  He didn't even charge me for the extra loud, separate alarm that I requested!I signed the agreement on Friday, and Saturday morning, the installer (Toby) was at my door.  He was well groomed and professional--with a uniform shirt even.  (I know that sounds like a small thing, but these days the appearance of the subcontractors who come to install things is APPALLING!  I am sometimes afraid to let them in my home!)  He made sure that I approved where things were installed, and efficiently installed all the equipment.  He cleaned up after himself too- being sure to wipe up the drywall dust off my floor.  After the installation, he patiently walked me through the high tech set up.  He didn't mind my numerous questions and actually helped me go on line to set up my smart phone app for the system.  I give this whole experience an A+ for value and professionalism.  You can't go wrong in my book.
5	If I could give Jim 10 stars I would. I just moved into my new home and needed an alarm system installed asap. I met with Jim this afternoon and he was AMAZING!!! First of all he was not a second late, he was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. As a prior police officer he used his experience to explain where sensors and motion detectors would be most useful. He also waived a lot of fees and gave me a wonderful deal. Jim also got a tech to come out to my house within the hour to install my system. Dave was quick, did a wonderful job and was very patient while answering all my questions. If you are looking for a security system I highly reccomend that you call Jim as soon as possible.  He made the process so easy. He didn't waste my time beating around the bush and trying to charge me an arm and a leg. I am so glad that I called Jim and went with this system. I know that my house is in great care. Thank you Jim and Dave, you two are the best!!!!!
5	It's been a few weeks since we had our system installed, and I waited to write a review to make sure we were entirely pleased.  The system works great, and the installation process was quick and smooth.   We absolutely recommend this company.  We had an alarm installed after a bad experience with a near break in -- we have a large and loud furry alarm who worked to stop this first attempt, but we figured it was better not to chance that on the next (our dog has his limits).  So, we added an extra layer of security.  Jim came out on our schedule (after business hours), and was very honest about what we needed, and - more importantly - what we did not need.  As a result, he worked within our budget and fiancial constraints, and we feel much more secure as a result.  Without a doubt, this experience was one of the more pleasant customer service experiences we've had.   And, as an added bonus, Jim has a pretty good sense of humor and was genuinely just a nice guy -- that's not always a requirement when selecting a service provider, but it sure makes it nicer to deal with someone.
5	We had a great experience.  Jim was super knowledgeable and the fact that he had been a cop gave us a lot of confidence.  He was very easy to work with, straight forward and didn't try to up-sell his products.  We love the panel and will always use JPG in the future!
5	Very great customer service and much better deal than ADT.  Installation was done in less than 24 hours. Jim found a few deficiencies in our old system and made suggestions to correct them.
5	Jim was great at explaining what I needed for security without trying to sell me other things I didn't need, which is what other companies had tried to do.  I felt extremely happy and confident that I was getting what I needed, and the price was very competitive for the monthly service and even cheaper than most.  Jim also gave important tips on other ways to protect your home.  Toby the installer did a great job.  He was on time, was in and out under 2 hours, and explained the features of the unit completely.  I would highly recommend JPG and Secure Link, a company you can trust!
5	I found JPG Security Consulting from Angie's List and he had such good reviews I decided to give him a call to come out and give me an estimate for a home security system.  With high expectations to begin with, Jim EXCEEDED my expectations!  He was extremely helpful, knowledgeable  and a really nice guy.  He explained all of the different systems and monitoring plans.  Once I decided what would work best for me, he had me signed up and set up for a same-day install!  Raul came out about an hour later, worked very quickly and got the entire system installed in no time.  He walked me through using the system and how to download the iPhone app.  Raul was an awesome guy and a pleasure to deal with.  The system is state of the art technology and very cool.  I can monitor/set my home security system from anywhere with my phone.  I will definitely recommend Jim, Raul and JPG Security Consulting to everyone I know.
5	My husband and I just purchased our first home and safety was our top priority.  We've done some research and thankfully to Yelp, we found Jim from JPG Home Security.  We are very new to this and Jim made the process as simple and quickly as he could.  He didn't even mind coming to our place after hour last night, (2nd time within 10 hrs), to finish up the application process.  He also provided us lots of safety tips as an ex-policeman.  Jim is extremely helpful, professional, and puncture.  The technician, Raul, arrived on time this morning, completed the installation within 2 hours.  He also spent time to explain how the system works and make sure that we were comfortable with it.We are very satisfy with the customer service and definitely recommend JPG Home Security.
5	Awesome customer service, awesome product.  No upfront fees either.  Jim came out on a Wednesday afternoon to discuss our options, and Raul came out to install our system the very next morning.  It works perfectly, and is super easy to use.  Both Jim and Raul were extremely professional and friendly.You can see from all the 5 star reviews that JPG is the most highly recommended home security company in greater Phoenix - and for good reason.  Don't bother going with any other company.
5	THIS IS THE COMPANY YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR.  I called and Jim offered me an afternoon appointment due to a cancellation.  He was punctual, professional, knowledgeable, and customer focused.  This company was a pleasure to work with.  Jim did all of the research I didn't have time to do (BBB, Angie's List, Yelp, etc).  All reviews were current and positive which put us at ease.  Jim showed us current "deals" with other companies and let us make our own decision.  Going with JPG was a no brainer.  He will show you the monthly options and let's YOU select what you want - no high pressure sales.   He also took the time to give us tips on how to secure our home and that was incredibly helpful.  He scheduled our install same day with Raul.Raul is part of the partner company that is just as professional and customer focused.  The install was quick, clean, and clearly and easily explained.The unit is state of the art, touch screen, and was included in the monthly agreement.  We can use our smartphone to arm and disarm among other things (still reading the manual).  JPG-THANK YOU for a truly wonderful experience!
5	If you are looking for reliable home security at an affordable price, you deserve to go with JPG. Jim's presence shines with honesty and reliability from the moment you meet him. He is genuinely concerned with customizing your home security to optimal performance. JPG is not like any other home security business. With JPG, you can have the best security to protect your family and belongings while paying less than you would with other home security businesses. I'm so happy we chose this company!
5	Jim does nice work and goes beyond simply providing a security system. He showed up on time (which was an early morning appointment). He covered the options and showed me some competitors information and their BBB info. Jim is proud of his operation and should be. Wouldn't it be nice if everyone took this sort of pride in their work? Thanks Jim!
5	If you've seen my reviews on other companies you'll know that I don't hand out five stars easily. You have to earn that distinction and Jim and his team did just that.I called Jim because:a. I wanted to deal with a small local Arizona business versus "the man". b. His Yelp reviews and other online reviews were impeccable. When I called JPG I figured I'd be greeted by an answering machine or a call center. I was pleasantly surprised to get Jim, the owner. He was helpful, quick, and set up an appointment with us for Saturday. So far so good...Being very punctual, I set my iPhone alarm to tell me the day before that I had a Saturday 11:00 a.m. appointment. Friday I received a phone call from Jim confirming my appointment. I happened to look down at my calendar alarm and it was going off as I was speaking to Jim. Excellent...so far.10:48 a.m. Saturday morning I heard the doorbell ring. Jim was early. (I like that.) Jim was friendly, informative, used state of the art equipment (including an iPad video) to educate and inform us as to what is important in a true state of the art alarm system.Jim didn't sell us a contract. Instead, he helped us to understand the risks involved in purchasing a system that doesn't offer complete protection. He explained how thieves can easily disable "standard" alarm systems and the importance of having a completely independent system. My wife and I opted for the top of the line monitoring system including voice, smoke, and glass breakage. It is completely independent of phone lines or electrical lines or internet (which can all be disabled  from the outside of the house.)Since we opted for the top of the line "Cadillac" system, I expected to be shaken down for an up front payment (like the other companies I had called.) He didn't do that. In fact I didn't have to pay anything out of pocket up front. It was all included in the monthly monitoring. Jim asked us when we'd like to have the system installed. I replied: "As soon as possible." He made a quick phone call and set up the system install for that evening. Jim thanked me for my business, shook my hand, and left. Nice...5:15 p.m. that afternoon the doorbell rang. The tech was there to do our install. He ran through the entire system with us and installed it and was gone within forty-five minutes. The system is easy to understand and access even for my wife, who is a little less tech savvy than I am. If you can dial a cell phone, you can operate this system.Wow!My main take-a-ways from this experience:a. Yelp ratings work. When you see consistently great ratings then you can rest assured that this company is doing the right thing by its customers.b. Always look around. Don't just go with the "big guy" because he's big. Chances are there's a smaller company willing to go the extra mile for your business. Why do business with a "call center" in another country when you can do business directly with the owner IN ARIZONA?c. Jim didn't use "salesy" tactics or intimidation. As a matter of fact he didn't try to sell me at all. He was informative, gave me several options to choose from, and made it easy for me to make a decision. He didn't pressure me and everything he promised me he and his team delivered!Am I happy with my alarm system? Absolutely! I can't think of anything that Jim could have improved upon. Job well done Jim!
5	Quick service and great price. Jim beat out my other quote, giving me free installation when the other company wanted to charge me $450. Prompt service and the install tech was  very nice.
5	We moved into our new house 2 weeks ago and unfortunately have already had a breakin this past Sunday. After talking to the police officer they suggested the best way to protect ourselves would be a monitored alarm system for the house. After talking to a neighbor and finding out that this house has had 2 breakins in a matter of months (one with the previous owner) we decided it would be a great idea to have a security system installed.Being from a small town in WI where many people never lock their doors I have never had to shop for a security system. I went to Angie's List to start my research on Security Companies. I went through some of the reviews for the "big" names and was not real comfortable with the lack of customer service indicated in the reviews I was reading. When I started to read through the reviews for JPG I quickly came to the conclusion that their personalized approach to home security is what I was looking for. I called the company late Sunday evening expecting to leave a message and was utterly shocked when the owner, Jim answered the phone and setup a free consultation with me for Tuesday. Jim came out Tuesday. Arrived on-time and quickly got down to sharing what he felt would be the best way to secure our house as well as some additional insight into other things we could do ourselves to deter any burglars. Everything he outlined followed with the advise the police officer had shared with us the day of the breakin. Having read all the Angie's list and Yelp reviews for JPG Security before our consultation and after hearing his security plan for our house I felt totally comfortable signing a 3 year contract for services with JPG and with our good credit rating we were able to get all our equipment provided without any upfront costs. Our only cost is our monthly monitoring fees (we went with one of the upper packages as it better fit our needs - which included home security, fire protection and an app on my cell phone to monitor and control it all remotely if needed). For $45 a month I can sleep again at night.Vince came out yesterday and installed our system. He was ontime and VERY helpful. Answering a billion and one questions since this is our first experience with home security systems. I would HIGHLY recommend JPG Home Security and Alarm Systems! You will not be disappointed.
5	As most have already reviewed the service from JPG was great and I would highly recommend using them for home security.  Not only was the price competitive (and maybe lower than others), but the professionalism from Jim (owner) and Vince (installer) was more than I would have expected.  I would not hesitate to refer JPG to friends and family.
5	Quality innovative products, timely service and response times, fair prices, and advice that does not feel like product pushing.  Very happy with our system and the service and advice we have received so far.  Looking forward to adding on to it in the near future.
5	We recently purchased our first home last month, never had a security system before or knew anything about it. We wanted a good security system to feel safe but didn't know which company to choose. We would get various mail coupons from other security companies and it seemed like every other day we would receive a knock on our door with young adults willing to sell us "top of the line security systems". We didn't feel confident with their selling techniques and it seemed like it was a summer job for most of them. A few were also a little pushy with their tactics. After some research and word of mouth from co-workers we decided to give JPG Home Security a call. We were impressed with their consistent ratings from Angie's list and Yelp. Jim scheduled a consultation, arrived in time and was very friendly. Most importantly he was professional and extremely knowledgeable, being a former police officer he went over security points and details on police procedures for home invasion reported calls. We were sold instantly but still wanted to see the product set up.Raul arrived in time and finished in about an hour. He too was friendly, professional and completely discussed in detail how to use our new security system. Very easy to understand and it is the best and newest technology that you can purchase (we did some more research). Keeping your hard earned home materials safe is a good feeling but having that peace of mind that you have extra security for your loved ones is priceless. Great LOCAL company, Very affordable and competitive pricing, Fast, friendly and professional service. Do your own research, you will not find a better deal.
5	Thanks to all you Yelper's awesome reviews, I took your great advice and worked with Jim of JPG Home Security to turn my castle into Fort Knox.  :)Jim was really consultative when it came to looking for potential areas of concern for possible break-ins, and wanted to make sure that I had every angle covered when it came to protecting myself and my home.  Loved that he did a courtesy call reminder to let me know of our appointment coming up tomorrow, and he of course showed up a little early and got there before me (Sorry, Jim!) LOL.Jim is a problem-solver.  I've been using ADT for the past five years on my previous home and after working with Jim, I kick myself for not working with him sooner.  The alarm system is better and he doesn't try and nickel and dime you like the larger companies do.  Jim really demonstrates that he cares about his customers and does what it takes to keep AZ families homes' SAFE.On top of the amazing service I had with Jim, he was able to get an install guy out to my house the same day.  Install guy was professional, quick and friendly.  It took under an hour to get my 3500 sq. foot home completed.  The alarm system they use has been rated best in class for systems, and I can see why....REALLY easy to use and I can arm it with my smartphone!!Overall, thank you thank you and thank you Yelpers for showing me that this is the ONLY place you need to call when wanted a security system!!
5	I found Jim through Yelp and I am proud to say that his professionalism and knowledge was top notch.  Jim was able to answer all of our questions and provide us with all the equipment without having to pay any upfront or additional costs.  I have had other companies come out and discuss putting in an alarm system but the always had some "additional" service or equipment charge.  Jim went through all the option and services and allowed us to choose what worked best for us and didn't try to push us into extra options that wouldn't have been beneficial to our individual situations.  If you are interested in an alarm system I would certainly call Jim as he will truly earn your business.
5	JPG is truly a cut above the rest. We looked into several alarm providers and there was no doubt JPG is the best. Jim showed up on time to our home consultation and could not have been more pleasant, knowledgeable and forthcoming with all of the information we desired. Installation was the following morning -- our technician was professional and highly skilled. He talked us through the entire setup and installed everything per our requirements The technology they are using seems cutting edge, and I've never seen a system this advanced. Could not be happier. Highly recommend!
5	From the time I sent a quote request online to the installation, the entire process was smooth and all of my interactions were positive!  Jim responded to my quote quickly and he set up an appointment convenient for me. He gave an assessment of my vulnerability points in my home and made recommendations. I didn't feel "sold" on extras. Nick the installer was on time and friendly and very informative with the system. I just got it installed and my peace of mind is 100xs greater! Thanks!
5	I spent more than a few weeks researching home security systems from local and national providers.  It became clear to me that I wanted the following:- The latest technology:  To me, the "must haves" included cellular connectivity (no phone lines or internet cables to cut), anti-smash and crash technology, control from the web and mobile devices, and adequate protection against a glass-break entry (motion detectors vs. glass-break sensors).- Expert consultation:  In this case, an in-home consultation from someone with a law enforcement background and years of experience in the home security business without false promises or a hard sell on unnecessary products or "upgrades." - Affordable pricing: How about a FREE installation that actually includes all of the components that you need to protect your home rather than just the panel and contacts for the front door and one or two windows?  Reasonable monthly monitoring charges, too?  Yes, please!In short, Jim and JPG/AZ Alarm Co. provided all of the above, making the final decision pretty simple.  Jim himself was knowledgeable and easy to work with.  He did a complete evaluation of our home and explained the components that he recommended to protect it.  He also offered general security tips and guidance toward some products not sold or installed through his company.  Once we decided to go with JPG, getting set up was easy.  The installer came out the next day.  He was courteous and competent and was able to accommodate our requests with respect to placement of the equipment.  The 2gig touchscreen panel was clean and modern-looking, and the motion sensors were likewise of a nice appearance and inconspicuous enough to blend with the interior decor of our home.  They also provided the requisite sign and stickers to let would-be intruders know that the home is alarmed--another nice deterrent.  Living with the 2gig security system has been easy so far.  The alarm.com app connectivity is a huge bonus.  You can arm/disarm remotely and set it up to send you an email or text when the alarm is deactivated.  You can also set different passcodes for different individuals (kids, houseguests, house workers) to know who's coming and going and when.  So far, we've not yet had any false alarms from the motion sensors with our active 20 lb. dog in the home (I will update this review if we encounter any problems, but Jim assured us that the sensitivity of the motion detectors could be adjusted if any issues arise).All in all, I'm glad to have a new home security system.  I have no illusions that the presence of an alarm system alone will keep a determined criminal out of my home, but the relatively small amount of time and money spent to substantially reduce that threat by signing up with JPG was absolutely worth it.  And, to top it off, I had a very positive consumer experience with this company.  Jim and his team are completely deserving of this 5-star review.  Keep up the good work, guys!
5	I'm sure by now everyone in Phoenix has heard about Jim. He is from the Midwest where hard work pays off. Jim showed up, we watched a video of himself....no popcorn LOL. He walked around and counted exactly what we would need for the house. I wish we could have a sensor in the garage. Install was the next day, panel touch screen and can control remotely.....LOVE IT.It can be confusing reading all these reviews, trust me don't waste your time, call Jim.....he'll treat you like his own family....can't feel safer than that!
5	Called Jim because I couldn't find our code to set up the phone app several weeks after the initial installation.  Jim immediately referred me to his on call tech who was able to give us our code and walk me through the instillation.  I have had experiences in the past where the initial service was excellent and follow up service was terrible (usually because they already have your money).  Certainly not in this case.  Follow up service has been excellent and I have full confidence if there is an issue I can get a hold of Jim or one of his tech's who will help me out.
5	I recently purchased a home in Phoenix that I had a security system in it. I have never had a home with the security system, so I was a little unsure what I needed to do. The system was previously monitored by ADT whom I called before reading their online reviews. After seeing the single star reviews I went searching for a company with a better track record. I found JPG on yelp and after reading other reviews, decided to give them a call. Similar to other reviewers experience, Jim, one of the owners, answered the phone and told me that he could come to my home to discuss my security options.  He was prompt, polite, and gave me tips that had nothing to do with the security system or monitoring services his company provided.Having the system installed only took about 30 minutes and it has been incredibly easy to use. I have already recommended JPG to other members of my family and some of my friends.Kenneth C.
5	What a great company! Jim was so knowledgeable and responded quickly. I had a break in the previous day and I had an alarm installed 24 hours later. His tech who installed it was nice, professional and smart. Thank you for the peace of mind guys!
5	When it came time to replace our 20 year old alarm system, I did some research and ended up going with these guys. They are super knowledgeable and did great work at really good prices. I was quoted in the thousands from another company for what I wanted and JPG did it for a very reasonable  price that is a small fraction of what another company quoted me. The work was performed in a timely and professional manner. Jim, the owner, is only a phone call away to answer all my questions before and after the installation. I even called him on the weekend to help me set up a feature of the system and he was more than happy to help. I wholeheartedly endorse this business and I am very happy to have gone with this company. The reviews are spot on for the high quality product and excellent service you receive.
5	JPG  is one of the most intriguing and innovative security companies I have come across. I have purchased security systems for my home before from other companies and even had a high end commercial system installed in my business. After years of technological stagnation and eroding customer service I decided to switch to JPG and AZ Alarm.. what a great experience. Jim and JPG is incredibly current with smart phone apps, Internet integration and Smart Home features. The customer service is very responsive. The cost is very competitive with other systems and in my case I am even paying less! I highly recommend JPG to everyone in need of a security system!
5	I bought a house about two years ago and after being with ADT I wanted to work with a local company.  Jim came out himself and showed me what  services are available to me  and at a much better rate. The young man came and installed the system and was patient in explaining everything to me.  I still had questions and was able to contact someone with easy .   I am very happy I made the switch. I feel like a customer and not a number. Thank you Jim.
5	Jim,Did a great job with us and was very informative and helped us set up a great system.
5	So far everything has been 5 stars. Jim, one of the owners, came out to do the presentation late one evening definitely outside of normal business hours which we appreciated so that we didn't have to take time off from work. He was very nice and our 2 dogs approved as well! :) It was a great presentation: factual but not salesy which we do NOT like as imagine no one really does. We didn't feel that we were being "sold" on something as that had happened last year with a big name security company. Nick came out yesterday to install on a Saturday...also appreciated and he continued the great service. He was very fasts and thorough and willing to answer any and all questions. They both gave honest opinions and weren't in cahoots to sell anything. Jim was honest about the 3 option levels but was not pushy about the most expensive. He explained and let us choose the best for us. At first I was suspicious of the raving reviews on here but after meeting Jim and Nick I now understand. If you're questioning security companies look no further.
5	Great product and service. Reasonable pricing and very knowledge regarding home security. Definitely A+ and recommend!
5	Jim came to my house the same day of the appointment.I was very impressed by his knowledge and professionalism. He gave me excellent advises to make my home more secure. He explained the technology and equipment capabilities in a very understandable way.The equipment is very easy to manage and the technology is awesome,  especially because it can be manage by smartphone no matter where you are. The monitoring service worked very well during a smoke test I did on my own.The installation process was pretty simple and straight forward.I never had a security system before and now I feel that my house is very secure when  we are at home or away.
5	We got a in-home free consulting and same day installation. The rates are competitive, and for the service provided, we would recommend choosing JPG  over the other giant companies. Feels good to know our home is secure.
5	I've never had a home security system before, but after a break-in next door I had decided it was time to invest. I did some research, grabbed a few quotes, and after all was said and done my gut told me JPG was the way to go. I knew this before even calling based off the information on their site and the glowing reviews here on yelp, and I'm now proud to add to that list for a number of reasons. My experience goes a little like this...After my neighbors house was broken into on Tuesday during the day, I started doing some research on the matter that evening. Wednesday (yesterday afternoon) I decided it was time to give JPG a call to see how their services stacked up against, say a larger organization (who shall remain nameless.) I called into the number and was told Jim would call me back shortly thereafter to address my inquiry-- and that is exactly what happened. Within minutes, a pleasant sounding voice came across the phone introducing himself to me as Jim, one of the owners of the company. What really stood out to me was that Jim recognized the importance of moving fast on getting this installed so I could feel secure--so much so that he was willing to give me a quote and set me up right over the phone. Jim would have met me in person no problem, and he made this well-known, but because he was booked on the day (today) I worked from home when that could happen, he wanted to be sure that when I was working from home I could jump right into the installation instead. I'm all about meeting someone in person for a general inquiry so they can scope out my house and offer their professional opinion, but in this instance I really appreciated Jim doing this for me within minutes over the phone so that I could move forward with the process and have a system installed as soon as possible. He didn't ask for my email (so that he could blow up my email with solicitations like some other companies had.) I just gave him the information he needed about my house description--what I was looking for in terms of services--and he called me back within minutes with not one but two separate quotes for plans since I was initially unsure which to go with at first. I had found in talking with other companies that there was a lot of talk before the numbers came out about pricing, but Jim understood I was merely at that point looking for a quote and got straight to the point. Also, what they said about, "No up front fees" is absolutely true. I paid nothing for the install. The only payment to be made is simply the month fee for the monitoring service, which by the way is extremely competitive compared to the other companies I looked into. I am very happy with the price I will pay for peace of mind. The other really cool item they feature addresses the, "Crash and smash" technique robbers use. Many of the people who I know that have been robbed have had their doors kicked in. With this cell system I really do feel confident that robbers will have little to no time in my house if/once they get in because the alarm (when enabled) immediately goes off and will dial out to my cell and keep me informed. Either way--whether I answer and say, "No one should be home please dispatch immediately" or not answer at all--the local enforcement will be made aware. I also have to commend my installation technician today, Nick. He arrived during the expected window hour of time and was extremely helpful, friendly, and knew his stuff. He made sure I was okay with any and every change he'd have to alter on the windows and in installing the control panel in an area that would serve me best. He made it a point to clean up after himself and try to not disturb me as I worked from home. I could really tell he valued a a person's privacy and he was extremely professional. Nick informed me that, because he has seen the in's and out's of my house, that for security he will be the technician account handler for my house and, if not him, his boss. I really liked hearing that, that JPG would value someone's personal privacy by assigning them to one person they could get to know and trust. Overall, my experience with the company has been awesome. I think all of these reviews really do speak for themselves and I'd recommend these guys to anyone looking for a system that's secure and up to today's standards in technical know-how with break-in cases. Their customer service has superseded my expectations by far. Lastly, one nice thing I enjoyed hearing from them is that if you ever move, they can and will move with you if it's here in the US (in basically every state but Hawaii and Alaska I believe.) I was a little concerned about that initially because they came off as a local company solely, but that is definitely not the case. Just thought I might mention that for those of you that are considering larger, less mom-and-pop type of companies.
5	Very professional and helpful.  Felt very comfortable with the system explanation and the options available to us.  I would recommend this company to all of my friends!
5	Jim came right on time, explained everything in detail. Technician came next morning, installed equipment. It was quick and easy. System is really easy to use too. Happy with the company and service. Will recommend it to friends
5	Okay my turn.It took me awhile to write my review but I had to not only try the system but also see if there will any mishaps in the security itself.We moved to a house 2 years ago near Laveen, it was quite safe neighborhood area so we did not bother to get any security at all. Yet there have been a steep growth of crimes the surrounding area that us the sign to get one security. That aside, I research for almost 5 weeks on which one to get, houses near us told us different companies but also with different cons and pros. So i decided to hit yelp and in 2 seconds I found JPG, I tell you not I was worried to my brain if this will come true, and having a very paranoid house mates did not help either. I gave Jim a call and was able to setup a appointment in couple of days. In those couple of days not only I tried to call the different companies to see if I can have them give me a price range, I also research Jims company. The more I dig into his stories (creepy isnt?) the more I get confidence that this was the one I needed. The other calls I made before my appointment all fallout, either they didnt have the technicians to come or they simply didnt pick the phone. Anyways Jim came to our house 1 hour early, and also follow up with a day before the meeting. As we inspect the house he also taught us small stuff to protect the house from a break in. His background really made the conversation more comfortable, he was came in the house, not like a salesman but someone who cared to protect the property that we own. My house mates were also amazed on how he presents the alarm system, also how fast the whole ordeal went. It took us less than 1 hour to decide what to get and when to set it up. Jim was pleasant to talk with. After the whole thing we end up having the top notch for only 1/4 of the price. ALL, i mean ALL fees were waived as promised on their website, and all our windows were covered, and there is alot of windows in the house, when he started to count them, I started to think we might pay almost 200 for the installation, but to my surprise, WE DIDNT EVEN PAY A SINGLE PENNY!I can really go on and on an on!! On the things that made our experience the best we can imagine. In less than 48 hours our security was connected and running. The other guy who came and connected was also early, and was kind. He worked fast and was able to teach us the what to do and not what to do. We end up getting the alarm that has the phone app, I kid you not, its the best thing ever made by humankind! Think how many times u think you left the garage door open? Think for a second, if you can take that worry off in just a click of a button? This alarm made our sleep better, and outings less worrying. I dont know if I should mention prices but for 50 dollars our house is 24/7 secured and forever safe (yes even if the electricity gets cut off, or even if wifi is cut off, it still runs.) The system is so easy to use, if you can use a smart phone, let alone a ipad to watch youtube, I bet you can manage a 8 inch touch screen that has less things to click with.LASTLY, I would like to offer my yelp as  a Q&A for anyone who wants to ask anything about the system. I know u can directly call Jim, but if u want to just want a easy question, I will do my best to answer your question, just shoot me a compliment, (thats the only way i think u can message here, unless Iam wrong) as a question, and I will answer you. Iam mostly on, everyday. So yeah.I hope this review helps, I can manage to put some more, but the other people who reviewed it speak to its volume. I dont want to say bad things about other companies I never tried but If I would do it again, I will never call anyone else but JIM!!!
5	Just wanted to send a quick follow/ update. I have been with this company for over a year now and I couldn't be happier.  The system is top-notch and working great. The customer service is quick and deserves a 5 star rating!
5	Excellent company with great customer service, I contacted Jim regarding an alarm install I wanted for a new home I just purchased. After contacting Jim and explaining to him what I wanted, he put together a great system for me at a price no one could even come close to. On the day of the install, they showed up on time and walked through the house with me to assure we had everything listed that I wanted done. The install went fast and easy and before I knew it, I had an awesome system ready to go. Thanks guys for everything!
5	I found JPG through Yelp and I am so glad I did!Not only did Jeff set up an appointment with me quickly, but he really took the time to walk me through the process. This is the first time I have ever had to deal with a security system for a new house and it couldn't have been simpler to understand.  The installation went very smooth and I am VERY happy with the service and all the equipment installed.
5	Just a quick update again. I Called in yesterday to JPG to add a new keypad to my master bedroom. They gave me a great price on the equipment and trip fee to add to my current system. I was very impressed because they even came out the same day!! Great job guys!
5	I was with another alarm company for about 5 years. I had many issues and was always calling customer service for that company. My sister purchased a new home and did her research on alarm companies. She found JPG and set up her install. When she told me about JPG and the great customer service I couldn't really believe everything she was saying. I decided to give JPG a call for a consultation and was surprised at the great customer service and knowledge Jim had.The day of my installation the tech was very kind and explained with detail what he was planning to do. I can not believe I waited so long to find JPG.
5	I had my system installed a few weeks ago, and I decided to wait and see what the monitoring service was like before I gave a review. First, Jim arrived on time to show us the system he offers and to walk our home and give us security tips. His demeanor was friendly and sincere. He showed us all of our options and we decided to have the system installed within the next two days. The installer himself was punctual and he trained me how to use the alarm panel. Shortly after the system was installed, the monitoring station called to introduce themselves, and get information and do a small survey as to how the installation went. I know up to this point this sounds generic, but this is where I was impressed... I accidently set off the alarm, and within 5 seconds the monitoring center called me. I KID YOU NOT 5 SECONDS! Having been robbed before, I can tell you I really appreciated this. This whole transaction with Jim at JPG has been the easiest and smoothest ever. Additionally, I noticed that there is another review that admonishes the use of a third party monitoring service, but I do not mind it - especially since they contacted me so quickly after I set off my alarm.Now I truly get a good nights sleep :)
5	Met with Jim recently for a consult. It was obvious from the beginning that as the owner, he takes pride in his trade. As a former Police Officer, I can tell he is not just another sales person and has knowledge that can only be learned through personal experiences. He easily explained the good with the bad and answered all the questions that I had. He made me feel comfortable that my new home and family will be protected. Looking forward to working with Jim and referring all my new neighbors!
5	We initially signed up with JPG Security in September and recently moved our service to our new home. Jim made the initial appointment very quickly and was very flexible with dates and times that worked around our schedule. Jim was very knowledgable and answered all of our questions and concerns. He has to be one of the nicest guys I've ever met and helped put our minds at ease with our home security. The installation tech, Nick, was just as knowledgable and friendly. Our experience with our first system and the new house system has been outstanding. We would recommend his company to any friends and family.  Jim was very honest and helpful which made our experience wonderful. Thank you, Jim!
5	We recently bought a new home that we had pre-wired for a security system. After several knocks on our front door by the commission sales security companies and their hardline sales tactics, I decided to take to the internet to find a business.  My first stop was Yelp.  I read some of the reviews (all the good and bad)  for JPG and visited their website.  I admit I was a bit concerned by the negative YELP review but I did like the response from the owner of JPG so I called to schedule an appointment.First of all let me say he was on time and very professional.  Did he use the YELP reviews of course but I had already informed him I had read the negative review and was concerned.  Being a small company, I believe they use "word of mouth" as their advertising tool. Yelp is "word of mouth"!So why all the 5 star reviews....well....they are cheaper on a per month basis for monitoring fees.  They also do "free" installation of your security system after a soft credit check (same as the other businesses).  Besides being cheaper he does show you videos of different ways to keep your home safe.  He doesn't sit and "hard sale" like the other companies.  It feels more genuine and less "used car sales".  The installation was fantastic and the equipment is easy to use.  I also went with the "App Monitoring", which we love.  Shortly after being installed the monitoring company calls and verifies information and asks if you understand how your system works.  It seems to me the small company of JPG Home Security has surrounded themselves with professionals that all seem to care.  I'm usually good at going back and updating any reviews and giving tips.  So far so good here!
5	These guys are great. You can't go wrong with the services they provide. We were broken into in October 2013 and finally decided to get home security. We looked at other companies and honestly came pretty close to signing up with national companies like ADT. I looked one more time and found these guys. I think their youtube video convinced me more than anything.I called them up and they came by the next day to get things going. If anything it gives you a peace of mind. The sensors accidentally detect when, say, a glass pan breaks so that should tell you how sensitive they are. Customer service is great. Compared to other companies they really are a huge deal for what you get.
5	Jim is extremely knowledgable and friendly. His service is much more personal than other alarm vendors, and as a former police officer, he gives a much more comprehensive solution to home security than just selling alarms. Highly recommended!
5	While I know you can never truly be safe from crime, I definitely feel better when I'm home now, knowing that we have a solid alarm system in place.  I have JPG to thank for that safe feeling!After reading the Yelp reviews for JPG, and hearing of more and more break-ins in our neighborhood, I made it a priority to call JPG.  Jim came out several days later for a consultation, and our alarm system was installed shortly after that.Everyone I spoke to and worked with at JPG was friendly, customer service oriented, and knowledgeable.  The technician that came out to do the installation took his time doing so, and made sure that I understood exactly how to use all of the features before he left.  They use the best technology on the market right now, and while you do pay a premium, it's worth it in my eyes.We've had our alarm system for several months now and are happy with it... no issues at all.  I definitely recommend this company.
5	Great system and great company!We are really happy with our alarm system! The installer was really nice as well, not one of those weirdo's that we have got in the past with other companies! We have had it a couple months now and no problems and easy to use.
5	Fall of 2013 Jim came and gave us a bid and we were not able to do the security work at that time.  I called him back a few weeks ago and he agreed to come out again.  He was early, pleasant, answered our questions completely and did a walk through to determine what we needed and what our options were. We agreed on a set of security features and he had Vince come and do the work the following day.  Both he and Vince showed up a little early for their appointments.  Vince did the work, cleaned up after himself and discussed options on installation in a couple of spots (as opposed to just going ahead with what he might have done).The estimate visit and the installation were quick and professional.  System seems to work as advertised.  rates were excellent and Jim had a good plan and good price.  I would recommend them to others.
5	Called Jim the owner yesterday. I didn't bother having him come to my home for a consultation just because I knew exactly what I wanted. He was very nice. What I really liked is he gave me his personal number and told me that if I ever needed him to give him a call.  Most big name companies don't really care about you once you are locked in with contract. The installer was here this morning and he was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Took him about 45 min. This system is amazing.  I love all the features it has. The phone app is cool because if you think u forgot to turn on the alarm than all you have to do is open up your app and look. I highly recommend this company over the big name competition.
5	I talked to the owner, Jim, about setting up my offices with a security system to replace an aging system that I didn't feel was up to snuff by today's standards and technology. Jim was very knowledgeable and recommended some ways to increase the effectiveness of my security system. When I had questions, he gave me his direct line and told me I could call anytime if I needed anything, which I did. He promptly answered my calls and quickly took care of my requests. I love that I can check in on the system remotely and that the control panel is so much more modern than the old numeric pushbutton dealio I had previously. I would highly recommend JPG to anyone looking to beef up or modernize their security system.
5	With so many unpredictable people out there, we felt we needed another layer of security to keep our family safe. No company comes close to JPG for perfect reviews and superior products and service. I'm not a big reviewer, in fact this is 1 of only a handful of reviews that I have ever posted. Why? Because Jim and his Team deserve it.... no question. The consultation was informative and genuine, the install was quick and seamless and now we have the best wireless system on the market. It's cool when people come in our house and they're greeted with a woman's voice saying "Front Door" and a cool lcd touch screen panel. Everyone wants one when they see it. Anyway, I could go on and on. At the end of the day, you're going to pay for an alarm system and there is none I would rather give my business to than Jim and JPG. Don't miss out!! We can rest at night knowing our boys are safe and sound. When I say sweet dreams to my boys... I can be confident that will come true with JPG.
5	We found JPG through Angie's List and Yelp, as did many of the previous reviewers. Jim was very responsive to our phone calls and arranged to come to our house in a reasonable time frame. We had given him a pretty specific list of exactly what we were wanting to install, though our list was really just from a pre-made package at a competing security company. After walking through the house with me and asking questions, Jim was quick to help me understand that what we were asking for probably wouldn't work as well for our home. We were wanting a couple of motion sensors, but Jim realized that we have a cat who likes to jump up and lounge on the tops of our furniture. He pointed out that, while the sensors wouldn't always mistake the cat for an intruder, our same objectives could be accomplished for the same price by increasing the door/window sensors and utilizing glass-break detectors. Overall, we put sensors on each door and window and installed two glass-break detectors for a very reasonable price. The competitor from whom we obtained the pre-made security package offered us a price $2 lower per month than JPG, but we ultimately went with JPG because it seemed Jim's company actually cared about what their customers really needed. Customer service speaks volumes!Oh, I should mention that I was a bit concerned by the previous negative review indicating that the reviewer was practically forced to leave a positive Yelp/Angie's List comment. At no time did Jim or his installer mention my needing to leave a review for them. I do so because we've had a great experience; I've already recommended JPG to a neighbor and close friends of mine.
5	It has been over a year since I signed up with JPG, and I wanted to give this company an update and another big thumbs up.  Since my first review, we updated my motion detectors (because the dog did set the old ones off a few times) and added new glass break sensors and door and window contacts to some second story entry points.  JPG offered to send a tech out or to let me do the install myself (which I appreciated). Once I mounted the new equipment, JPG programmed it remotely.  It could not have been easier.  Every time I have called the JPG team was super responsive and helpful.  Thank you, Jim and Vince.  You guys have been great!
5	Called JPG Security for an estimate to update a 1 month old system which was installed by a company called IntegrationDesign.  Integration did a sloppy job of installing and was a money grubbing company.  Spoke to Jim at JPG and set up an appointment for the same day.  Within 15 minutes of his sales pitch, I knew that I was going with his company.  He treated me like a king, was very knowledgable and a total gentleman.  Today (less than 24 hours,) his installer Nick came to do the installation.  He too, was knowledgeable and personable.  I HIGHLY recommend JPG- do not shop around- just call them.  They are more than fair and reasonably priced.  Thank you Jim and Nick for a job VERY well done.
5	This is a Stellar company, from the initial call to the sit down appointment to the installation. I took them about an hour to install with absolutely no mess. I absolutely love the APP to arm and disarm the system and is great when you need to let someone in while your not home without having to give anyone your code. A++ all the way around. I will be telling anyone who will listen about your company. Thanks,Craig
5	Jim is AWESOME! I picked this company based upon all the fantastic reviews on Yelp and I was not at all let down. From the moment I met with Jim I knew this was a different company. No shady sales people or tactics - just straight forward and honest. He was really nice and gave me excellent tips on what thieves look for when picking a home. I felt really comfortable with him in my home and highly recommend this company!
