5	I love me some chuys! I am happy to say I live pretty close to this place! I am not sure of other locations but this one is privately owned, the manager and wait staff if friendly. Try the tri tip taco's! I love the happy hour menu and prices. There seems to be many regulars here as I always see familiar faces, they are doing something right.-shawn
4	Yup.. still good!It saddens me not to see this place with more customers. I had a nice time playing pool with my father, enjoying a tasty mug of beer with him and some chicken taco's.One suggestion for the owners/ management ..Your large blue sign on the wall needs to be updated, or taken down.. Having nothing on it makes it look like you have gone out of business, more so when the management company for the complex has an "available" sign right out in front of your restaurant as well.Tell them to move the vulture sign somewhere else!Ill be back for some tri tips next week!
1	No dice!My family and I visited Chuy's on a Tuesday afternoon.  We recently moved to the Mesa area and wanted the opportunity to check out some of the local restaurants to see what was in the neighborhood.  Upon entering the restaurant we couldn't help but notice how outdated the signs are on the wall, the decor looks beat up, and the place was dead.  I think one other table besides us was in the restaurant.  The waitress came up and told us we could sit where we wanted and to help ourselves to the free chips and salsa bar.  That sounded yummerz!  No dice again.  The chips were stale and the salsa was pretty so-so, but you couldn't even eat it with the chips being so awful.  Next came the service, or lack thereof.  We waited forever for our drinks, and I want to reiterate that there were only 2 tables in the restaurant; ours and another.  Finally the drinks came and she brought a pitcher of water to the table.  That was a quality move, and the reason why they got 1 star compared to 0 stars (I know you can't give 0 stars).  The food was a disaster and everything looked like a punch in the stomach.  I felt like if I ordered anything from this overly deep-fried menu that I would be looking at a few hours on the pot or bent over clutching my stomach in the fetal position from the stomach ache it would give me.  Finally I decided to make the plunge and just go for it - a rancho style wet chicken burrito.  I figured I needed to give this place a reasonable chance to come out of left field and totally impress me.  Guess what?  No dice!The burrito looked like grocery store Jose Ole brand, and like it was taken out of the microwave too soon.  I had a few bites and submitted to the painstakingly bad burrito.  My Mom ended up sending her food back, and my Dad, well, he'll eat anything.Overall this place is NOT the spot for food.  I hear they have great drink prices and that it is a fun place to kick it and what not, but they should close their kitchen.
2	It is with much regret that I give a 2 star review.  Me and Chuys go way back, like 17 years way back.  Many visits while in college in Tucson and then many a visit while living in Simi Valley, Ca.  Nothing but great experiences.  Now that I am back in AZ, I was longing for a taste of some old memories and went out of my way for a lunch at good ol' Chuys.  The decor made me feel right at home.  The tacky airbrushed paintings, silly wood cut out silloute booths and countless 5 star margarita propaganda.  I ordered my all time fave fish tacos and then headed to the self serve chips and salsa bar.  The chips looked a little stale, but I was in a forgiving mood.  However, when my meal arrived I was suprised not to see the tacos I was used to.  They tasted decent, but not what I was expecting.  My guess is that this location must be a franchise.  It was dead quiet during lunch, so obviously it isn't a favorite of the local crowd.
1	how is this place in business?  the only thing good I can say about it is it was soo bad it made us leave and we found an amazing place!  no names mentioned, but you can read my reviews.service was non-existant and the place was not well kept at all.  We left after one short drink.  Too much wrong to list...just skip this one.
1	I'd been to another chuy's in Phoenix - it wasn't bad.  This place was.  Is it open?  Barely?Bland beans, lukewarm chicken fajitas, and our waitress dropped the food and ran.  The only good things were the grilled pepper and onion on the fajita - the chicken must have been cooked a few days back and kept warmish.My cutie had the mahi tacos and the bland watery beans.  She said the mahi was ok, but I say they were very fishy tasting.  You know - old fish.Went in on a gamble since I'd been to one before and this is close to home - but as another reviewer said - NO DICE!
1	I loved Chuy's, their baja tacos will always be a fond memory for me.  This location is closed and probably will be forever.  They weren't playing by the rules.  Go across the street for some good eats.
