1	I got a Groupon for this salon, not the most amazing Groupon ever but $29 for deluxe manicure and basic pedicure.  So we get there and I arrive early for my appointment and they get me started right away, we are off to a great start!  I think the owner is going to give me a manicure but apparently a chair has sprung a leak and he has to go fix it...no biggie.  I guess they had to get the guy off his smoke break though because it took him five minutes before he showed up and he wreaked of smoke, yuck! At least wash your hands!  Things go as normal until he decides to take a phone call, I never got his attention back.  Two guys showed up and he went outside and met them, in the middle of my manicure, and showed them inside and talked it up with the owner for awhile and finally remembered i was there and he finished my manicure up finally.  Did I mention when he went outside to meet them he took another smoke break?  Still didn't even bother to wash his hands.  Pedi time! Guess what? No water! It had to be turned off to take the chair out.  They finally get it back on but can't stop it, so there is water everywhere! Needless to say, dude did my pedi too and was so concerned about mopping up water and the putting in his two cents on the owner's discipline of his daughter that I got a real crappy pedi.  Didn't do the top coat and didn't get the sides or the top of the toenail.  Plus he dropped my shoes in the water and I had to climb over mounds of towels to get out of the chair.  I go to check out (I added gel and french to my mani so I had to pay extra) thinking for sure they would tell me no charge for one if not both...nope, that will be $20.  UGH! I am not one to throw a fit, and they are so lucky, but I usually feel comfortable at least asking for what I paid for.  Not with this guy, I didn't even want to talk at all, when I did i got the super evil eye....like when he was about to use purple polish for my gel nails.  The place could be nice, and the owner and his wife seem very sweet and personable, but they have a lot of work to do!  There was a huge pile of broken chairs, tables etc on the back wall and drills and garbage thrown everywhere.  So disappointed, and my husband even still gave them a tip, he's just that kinda guy.  I will not go back though and do NOT recommend business until they at least have their shop in working order! and please, get your guy to at least wash his hands after smoking!! The chairs were super old too and not very clean and my pedicure already chipped.
1	I also went there with the $29 Groupon for deluxe manicure and basic pedicure.They charged me an additional $20 for adding gel to my manicure.Not sure why when there price list says a BASIC manicure is $12 and the gel manicure is $25.
5	I have never been to a nail salon with nicer more happy friendly people. Family friendly environment with amazing pedicure chairs. Great inexpensive services. My manicure lasted weeks. Great OPI polish selection. I noticed they did eyelash extensions the flare lash kind plus waxing and keretin gloves. Cant wait to go back.
5	I can't imagine this place having a bad review. The owners are a husband and wife dynamic duo who just pampered my entire family and took care of all our eyelash, manicure, pedicure, gel, spa, acrylic, and fill needs! I just moved here from LA and I am picky!!! I mean it, we ARE a high maintenance posse! Even my 5 year old sister got kids nails done. They have 3D nail art, full sets, mani pedi specials designs...everything! Just like home. I have been to 10 other nail salons in the area and this is by far the best. Even good brow and facial waxing. What a GREAT business not to mention some of the nicest people I have ever met!
5	Took some girls to get their nails done and boy were they happy! The new owners are husband and wife and they sure take care of their customer base! Hannah the wife was so kind to everyone as was her husband. The little ones with us got candy, the adults got water, the pedicure chairs are. Incredible. The manicure comes with a mini shoulder massage an extra no one with me had ever experienced and the ladies were SO thrilled and impressed. The manicures seemed inexpensive but lasted quite some time. Even a basic "mani pedi" or whatever you ladies call it was well worth the money and more. I guess they have acrylic and gel too and lash extensions? I don't know but it all looked excellent to me! I'll be back soon!
5	Nicer more kind and better at their job than ANYONE I have met in the state! Excellent business and I would not waste my time or money going anywhere else! Hannah and her husband are amazing and they are new owners.
5	This place is wonderful!  The people were so nice and our nails looked great.  I would highly recommend this salon.  A++
5	Using my husbands account! This was the best nail experience I've had in my life! Jimmy is fast, and amazing at what he does! Prices are super affordable and I was in and out in under an hour for a full set. Usually I leave with a nick here or there on my nails, but this time, they are perfection!
5	New to the Gilbert area &  this was the first nail salon I've tried since moving here from N Phoenix. Walked in & was instantly greeted with a friendly "hello, how can we help you". I requested a mani/pedi & picked out my color from a nice, huge selection of polishes. I was handed a bottle of water as I was settled into their comfy massage chair. Hannah introduced herself as my nail tech & immediately got started. I prefer to have my fingernails done before my toes & it was no problem for her. Hannah did a great job & gave the best massage! She was very warm & friendly. I have found my nail salon & don't feel the need to try any others out.
1	This place has gone to absolute crap with the new ownership! DO NOT I repeat DO NOT waste your time!!!
