5	Great greeting followed by great service. Had 2 sandwiches, both tasted good. The place was clean, including the restrooms!
5	Third time there and everyone is extremely nice and friendly. I dig the sauces that this chain offers. The sandwiches at this location are great! A total repeat.
4	Ok went to jimmy johns and Firehouse subs to see who's tuna sandwich is better. (For my taste) I know your thinking who goes to firehouse for tuna? This guy does. Plus the lady working the counter was like "odd two people ordered tuna today."They both cost about the same.Ok first off lets go by how fast food came out. Jimmy johns wins. those dudes pump those things out like nobody's business. I pay, and boom sandwich in hand. Firehouse I had to wait a bit longer but still didn't take too long. Taste is a toss up. I preferred the actual tuna in the jimmy johns. It had more crunch from the veggies. Now firehouses one held up better because the bread is softer. I feel like my teeth are not sharp enough to bite thou jimmy johns bread sometimes. And when my teeth finally get thou delicious bread, it decides to leak white fluid that will smell and look like all sorts of body fluid.  (You take ur pick.... They all dry white....) It's hard to pick a winner because I want to say the flavor is better on the JJ, but I ate more of firehouses. Just because it was easier to eat . I don't want to go about my day smelling like tuna. I'm can't tell you why but i am leaning to jimmy johns don't know why. But still both are leaps and bounds better than subway. Time to go find a breath mint to wash down the shame that is this review. Do people even read these?
4	Tried the Sweet and Spicy meatball sub and it was DELICIOUS!!! I like the decorum in the place and they even brought my order to me instead of calling out my name (very nice). The menu looks tremendous, definitely going back for more.
5	New Location, Awesome Mural, Community Friendly, Awesome staff, Great Food and amazing variety of Hot Sauces.  A Must Try.
5	While I have not been in the store, I can review the catering service for this establishment.   I have now had the pleasure of experiencing the catering service two times that was provided from this same store.  It is head and shoulders above anything else I have experienced.    The first time IT was a wonderful dessert platter of brownies and a variety of cookies along with lemon-aid (which was wonderful) and tea.   WOW what a wonderful presentation and delivery service was top notch. The second experience was cold sub sandwich platter.  The sandwiches were fresh, filling was plentiful and tasted delicious!    The best part of it was you received a lot of fresh meat on it.  Not like Subway where you have to look for the meat.    Thank you Firehouse for coming to Las Vegas and giving us a new choice in wonderful sandwiches!
5	OMG, talk about one of the perfect sandwiches!  My family and I usually stop in before the Rebel games and grab a bite to eat.  If you want a really good sandwich, stop in here.Right when you walk in, "Welcome to Firehouse!" Oh, why thank you! Sure I'll order a sandwich.  Walk up and they are super friendly.  What you want is what you get. My order is always different from what is described, but is still really good.  I love the peppers in my sandwich. The melted cheese, with the warm, toasted bread. Goodness! Soo delicious.  Ratios are on.  After eating mine, I always want more.  My stomach says no, but my taste buds are telling me yes!
5	I literally came when they were closing and Brandon let me come in and had Medianna take my order. She was so nice and understanding.  John and Brandon were both there too helping make the sandwiches, and there was no rush like they were trying to hurry me out of there, they took their time as they would for any other customer. All three of them could not have given me a better service than they have. They made me feel so welcome and definitely made the environment comfortable. They seem like such great people, and I will definitely come back because of their service. Thank you guys !!
5	I like to stop in here and pick up something when i have to work a double, Subs are filling and great for later. The workers there are friendly and will greet you with smile. Just stop here if you are thinking sandwiches way better the quiznos and subway. My favorite here is the brisket but the roast beef and meatball are good as well.
5	Oh man this place is amazing! Everything on the sandwich is so fresh, and the bread is so freakin soft! Eat in or take away, best sandwich in town hands down.They have one of those new fangled soda machines here, so you don't have to have soda! Woot, woot!This location is a little small, but it is super clean and the staff is friendly, and they fix up a really delicious sami..I eat half of the sandwich here and the other half at the library when I'm studying...Yes, get your self in here!
3	Ordered the firehouse steak and cheese, the description says nothing about mushrooms! So I had to wait again to get a sandwich without mushrooms. By the time I got my food, my husband was done. The sandwiches were mediocre, but the service, awesome. We walked in, didn't pay attention to their hours, which apparently, was 5 minutes later. They didn't make us feel rushed at all! I don't plan on going back, but that wasn't because of the service in any way!
5	I've been told that Firehouse subs are delicious.  Finally got around to trying out their meatball sub, a sub they are supposed to be known for. I'd have to say it was one of the best I've ever had. It was loaded and even looked delicious.
5	The subs are great. I'm unlv student and had little time to eat. The employees are so friendly!!!
5	Must go!!!!! Place is yummy! Staff is the best. Hands down, they always great you when u come thru the door
