4	Magic acts in Vegas don't necessarily come and go like most shows.  Penn & Teller, Lance Burton, Steve Wyrick; these shows have been in the area for awhile.  So has Jeff McBride.  He has not been acting, however (at least not locally); he is the owner of a magician's school in Las Vegas and has been doing this for many years.  According to many magicians, he has been considered the most influential magician in the world because of his teachings.  You would think if he can teach so well, he can put on a good act.  You'd be right.Jeff is currently performing a limited engagement show at the Palace Station SoundTrax room every night of the week except for Tuesday.  This run ends on Thanksgiving.  The show is run at a decent hour (7:30 pm) which is great for bringing the kids without keeping them up too far past their bedtimes.  The magic that Jeff performs can be disturbing in parts as it explores dreams and nightmares, but many scenes are light and magical and can inspire a child's mind.The cost is around $50 and is very reasonable considering other acts in town.  Locals get $10 off with a coupon found in Palace Station.  After the shows on Friday and Saturday, he has a night club open in the SoundTrax showroom called Wunderground.  Magic acts, psychic mind readers and other side show acts perform while music is played.  While I have yet to attend, it is supposed to be very entertaining and is free to go to with your ticket.
4	whether you go to Jeff for lessons, his shows, or the Wonderground, you are in for a treat.  This man is a fine teacher no matter your age or skill level.  If you seek instruction in a group or solo setting, look into McBride's classes.There are even lessons to be had online these days.  His skills are top notch.
5	Jeff McBride's monthly Wonderground is one of the hottest magical acts you can see in Vegas!  A great group of regulars and a mix of visiting artists put together a cabaret evening of performance and close-up magic, plus music and dance.  If you are in town on the third Thursday of the month, save your evening and catch the Wonderground.  The event happens at the Olive, a Mediterranean bar and grill, so dinner and/or drinks and the show are a natural combo.
