2	The food overall is average, nothing special, but the Sunday Brunch is small, good quality, and reasonably priced. We go there during the winter when it is nice time to sit outside on the patio.
3	We came here for our date night, and I will give the food a B overall. The cesar salad dressing was VERRRYYY fishy (i know, they use anchovies to make it, but this one tasted like pure fish). I ordered the salmon and garlic mashed potatoes, both were fabulous. The asparagus was my other side.... which was.... a little soggy, and steamed with apparently no seasoning. Dessert was GREAT... we got the carrot cake. YUM. My reasoning behind the A-OK rating: When we walked in, we had a reservation, but the guy at the front had to go get the table ready. He came back, took us to our table, and only gave us one menu. Minor mishap--- I know. But the fact is, we saw him ditch the second menu before he took us to our table. Why? I'm not sure.Secondly.....We waited for 10 minutes before we were ever approached by our server. Then another 5+ for her to get our drinks after we ordered them and the additional menu we needed. So overall: FOOD, great (minus the fishy salad). Service: just OK for me.
4	French dip sandwich and sweet potato fries = relatively inexpensive tasty lunch and happy, full belly. Nothing super fancy, but better than average (in my experiences) golf course cuisine. I'll be making stops there in the future.
5	Great food, good value for the price, beautiful setting.
4	One of my favorite unknown jems. I love sitting out on the patio enjoying a glass of wine and the green of the golf  course. Food is average, but always tasty. Great date night!
4	Went here for brunch and enjoyed the atmosphere. The food here is nothing to rave about. It's very basic and the menu is limited. However, I really liked that there is no buffet brunch; instead you order off a menu. We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the sounds of rushing water (the patio is surrounded by small fountains). The price was reasonable and the Bloody Marys were good.
4	14 of us were there for lunch just the other day.    We had one server, Trey.    He was very good.    Never wrote anything down & got everything PERFECT!    Young fellow.   Very friendly, very accommodating.    First time for most of us.    Won't be our last.
2	I must have missed the restaurant all these reviewers are talking about.  We went for Mothers day brunch and it was awful.,,felt like we were at a high school reunion with the way the room was set up.  The buffet was horrible and not at all what others write.  We left it was that bad.  Maybe we will try again on a non-holiday.
3	Went on Sunday for breakfast.  Small menu.  Food was ok.  Had a nice young server that was just amazing!  No one else was overly friendly but Tyler made it a good experience.
1	What a disappoint. Mothers day brunch was a bust. Omelette station right in front of the door is thoughtless. Bacon, hash browns and cheese blintzs with fruit, dear heavens, I realize we're not in Vegas but what a poor excuse for a menu. They made my father inlaw get in line twice to order an omelette for himself and my mother inlaw, on mothers day? Seriously?? Lack of options, lack luster quality and poor service? Oh, and to lay the bill down in front of myself on mothers day, shhesh!! I won't be back, I guess my dreams of duchess of Bernards are over..
