5	I could not have been more pleased with my experience here. They are fast, prompt, and extremely thorough. Make sure you ask for Taylor as your hygienist. She was absolutely amazing and you can tell she has a passion for her career.
5	Just changed dentist offices, after 15 years, due to a very  rude and unprofessional front end staff and billing. While the dentist was good- dealing with the staff was not worth it.  Dr Wilson (our new dentist) is great! Have known him for years- he and his staff treat the patients with respect and courtesy. He is extremely gentle and makes the visit STRESSFREE. His staff explains the procedures and answer your questions. There are no surprises in billing! One thing that  I want to mention is that he does not do unnecessary procedures. If you only need a normal cleaning- that is what you will get..  His staff does not try to upsell every dental procedure on the market!   I highly recommend his office!
5	Dr. Wilson is awesome! I have been going here for over 10 years. He saved my life when I first met him. Performed a miracle in my mouth.The staff is great, especially Mary who has worked here as long as I have been going. The Dental Hygienists are so great and funny. They can always get you in sooner rather than later. Dr. Wilson has great prices for people who do not have insurance. He does a fantastic job at everything he does. He is very patient and will explain everything to you. If you don't need work done, he won't suggest it, just to get the extra money. He would rather keep customers.
5	I've been a patient here for about 8 years and come in 2-3 times per year for the regular cleanings provided by Taylor.  She's been there since day one (I think) and that's one of the reasons I keep coming to this dentist...consistency and quality service.  Let's face it, most people don't enjoy going to the dentist but it's a fact of life that one must keep up with. Mary and the other staff up front are always very nice and courteous.  Scheduling is perfect; I've never once had to wait past my appointment time and oftentimes if I show up early they are ready for me then.  The office and exam rooms are always clean and the equipment seems to be of high quality and up to date.  An easy 5 star vote!
4	I hate getting my teeth worked on. I have to say the staff here have always made it a great experience.This was my 4th visit here. A few visits ago, I had to have 2 teeth pulled. 1 was a wisdom tooth, the other was a broken tooth. Although it was a very painful visit... My friends were surprised at my recovery time. Getting my teeth cleaned is always a pleasant experience!The staff is very friendly, and I enjoy interacting with them. The only negative thing, is getting in and out of the parking lot. I would definitely recommend them to my friends, and family!
5	Absolutely fantastic! Very friend and knowledgeable staff. The doctor is honest and straight-forward. Family friendly place.
