5	Fairview Park Mall is the local mall in Kitchener.  I think it's the best large indoor mall in Kitchener, probably because it is the only large indoor mall in Kitchener.  There is a lot of parking available for the size of the mall.  There are a great number and variety of shops available, including Walmart, The Bay, Sears, and Addition-Elle among many others.  A number of excellent jewelry stores are also located in the mall including Overgaard and Ben Moss.  There is an excellent food court with an eclectic mix of restaurants including A&W, Made in Japan and Tim Hortons.  I have found that there truly is something for everyone!
2	What's there to say... it's just another mall, and actually, because of the layout, it's pretty annoying. C'mon Canada, build some two story malls for a change!Fairview Park Mall includes a:Sears- Yeah, who actually shops here anymore? Really.The Bay- It's like a wannabe Macy's, but even Macy's isn't that great. Roots- Much like American Eagle... it's very passe.Aldo- After you wear an aldo shoe for a month it'll looked like you've loved it for years!Tim Hortons- Of course there's a TM here. There's one everywhere... You know what, I'll actually raise the rating of the mall by one star if they remove it. The popularity of TH really makes it look like Canadians have no taste buds.Anyway,The list goes on...There's nothing here, kids. Check out St. Jacobs Farmers Market if you want to see something interesting.
3	Decent mall, much better than it used to be. The Wal-Mart is pretty sketchy, more clientele than store but overall a decent mall.
3	Meh, nothing special.Unless you're one of those people who want to see one of the last Wal-Marts in the old design, again nothing special.The food court has some nice unique restaurants, and the mall itself does have the region's only Hollister store.The bus terminal here is dangerous. I've seen many close calls with pedestrians being hit by either buses or cars. I wish they designed it better...it's particularly bad between 3 and 3:30pm weekdays when all the high school kids get off their buses.
