3	Everything I need, laid out in a way that I can actually find it all. I come here frequently.
4	Not all big box home improvement stores are the same. They may look the same, and carry much of the same stuff. The difference comes in the form of service, mainly when it's checkout time, or if I need help with paint or getting a specialized service.  As this is the closest location to where I work, I run in here for all sorts of things but forget to check in with the Yelp app. In any case I always get helpful service here, and with little to no check out lines. A visit here is pretty much guaranteed to be a 4 Star experience every time.
4	I've taken an interest in my front yard. I never have before, but recently I was motivated to do so by my parents. I actually reside in my parents' home; my husband, brother, and I. I noted the lawn was quite.... burnt and yellow. Now, it is Vegas so not really surprising. However, it came to me one day that I wanted the lawn to look nice!After going to my nearest Home Depot and not finding anything I wanted I decided to come to Lowes. I looked online to see if Lowes had what I wanted (an aerator), but no. They did not have it. I opted for another tool which would do pretty much the same thing. I got fertilizer and gardening gloves.My husband and I were not helped by any associates, but I liked Lowes better than HD. The gardening center was more shaded and less hot. There seemed to be a better selection of flowers. I'll be back to this Lowes for some pots for plants to put in my front yard when my grass becomes green. At least, I really, really hope the grass starts becoming green.
3	Eh.This isn't the best, or the worst Lowe's that I have ever been to. No one spoke to us in the gardening area, this includes asking us if we needed help, or even saying hello.The cashier looked like she had better things to do yesterday.I only was in the gardening area. I got our fertilizer, some plants, and got out of there. Nothing special.
1	Very bad customer service in this location waited 20 minutes for a worker to come and answer my question on a electrical device only to find out he didn't even know what I was talking about and not only that their products are a bit over priced...I found the same product I needed at the Home Depot for 2.00 less and my question was answered.
1	People are so rude here.. We went to pick up tile that they told us they would have it ready to be picked up as soon as we got there and we actually had to wait like 30-40 min... They dont have good customer service.. Especially the guys who work in the flooring section. I rather drive out of my way than going to this location again!
