4	I love pretzel sandwiches, so let this be my disclaimer that I am slightly biased and don't give a crap if that makes you angry. Meanwhile...1. This place has pretzel dogs - mega score. Pretzel dogs are second only to real dogs as far as things with "dog" in the description are concerned, and this shop makes a tasty pretzel dog (note - bagel dogs are third).2. Many options for dipping sauces of the pretzel dog - my favorite is the jalapeno cheese.3. Turkey bacon sandwich was delicious. The tomato was even red and not that nasty pinkish/greenish junk they offer at Subway. I can say that I appreciate the effort to provide me with a quality tomato.4. Pretzel cheeseburger was not an item I would ever order again. The burger tasted like it came from one of those giant boxes of patties found in the freezer at Sam's Club, and it was definitely cooked well done (not that I am truly complaining about that, given the source of the patty). Long story short - don't ruin a good pretzel by adding an inadequate cheeseburger.5. Service is great - the guys in there are nice and not too talkative.6. There always seems to be a shortage of something - pretzel dogs and pretzel bowls (for the soups) seem to be in short supply. And when I am craving a pretzel dog are there are none to be found... yikes.7. Sides are pretty solid - they were of course out of the pasta and macaroni salads the day I wanted a side, but I jumped at the last potato salad and it was decent in that it wasn't sugary or overloaded with onions and celery. I would order it again, but am still hoping to try the pasta/macaroni sides in the near future.My advice is to go for a sandwich, or if you're just looking for a quick bite, the pretzel dogs will not let you down. Especially with a side of dipping cheese.
1	The pretzels taste like cheap white bread. The cheese sauce tastes like velveeta. The decor looks like they put a pushcart vendor indoors.
1	I remember the first time I saw the place right before it opened. I was so excited for such a unique restaurant to open in Oakland. Sadly, it's probably one of the blandest, most unexciting places you can eat in all of Pittsburgh. The food has almost no taste, tends to be very dry, and the menu is tiny. There is almost no seating, so you almost always have to take it to go. The place looks and feels like a run-down, old campus eatery. There's nothing redeeming about this place. Don't waste your quarter on the meter!
3	Update- I would also not order the grilled cheese. Stick with the pretzel dogs and sandwich options, they help the pretzel reach maximum potential. If I wouldn't have branched out to the burger and grilled cheese, this place could've maintained it's 4-star status. Also, the soups were pretty good, and dunking a pretzel in some soup is winning game plan for a non-summer day.
3	Dropped in for a snackWhat we sampled: The plain pretzel balls (good texture and flavor)Jalapeno cheese dip (good and spicy but it was a little thin so it had trouble adhering to the outside of the pretzel balls)Cinnamon sugar pretzel balls (delicious!)Berry cream cheese dip (outstanding!  Tasted so good on both of the pretzel balls!)Overall this was a nice quite place to try out a snack, but I have not returned since (mostly because each time I have passed by it looks closed)
4	I love pretzels and this place is the best for getting fresh pretzels--which can be a downside. They more often than not run out of pretzels and the wait can be 20 minutes or so for new ones. If you have time, order and take advantage of their wifi (password is their phone number!) and wait for a fresh pretzel. The sandwiches are awesome and the prices are not bad at all.Pretzel Poppers are great as well!
3	Very good regular pretzels.  But the real treat is the pretzel breakfast sandwich.  A nice, and delicious, twist on the regular egg/cheese/meat on a bagel/muffin.  But warning - they make them upon ordering, I believe, and they come out HOT!
1	I would love to tell you what the food tastes like but I cant because Pittsburgh Pretzel isn't accessible.
2	It was ok. It wasn't awful. I wouldn't go back, though. The pretzel was decent. The sauce was great. The lunch meat was terrible. The sandwich just seemed cheap. I thought it was a cute lunch place, but the lunch meat was so utterly bad that I could not imagine eating there again. Sorry, guys! I wanted to like you!
3	The pretzels here are pretty tasty. Nothing spectacular, but if you're craving a soft pretzel and you are in Oakland, this place fits the bill. They have regular soft pretzels, some different flavored special pretzels, and small pretzel bites that are pretty yummy. The pretzel sandwiches are downright decent. I had the breakfast style with egg and cheese, and it was pretty filling. They also have soups, but the guy working had no idea if they were vegetarian when I asked, so I got the impression they weren't homemade. There only ever seems to be one person working. So if you go at lunch time and the people in front of you order sandwiches, it might be a bit of a wait. But it's usually not too crowded.This place is nothing spectacular. But sometimes you just want a soft pretzel. And hey, they have those!
4	I love pretzels. I really love them. So when I visited my son at Pitt he suggested we stop by Pittsburgh Pretzel. I ordered a BLT and asked what kind of bread they had and was told that everything was served on a pretzel. Now, I don't know about you but I have learned that the small things in life really make me happy. And something like bacon, lettuce and tomato on a large chewy pretzel makes me happy, really happy. I loved it! My son just told me that they had closed. I was sad because I would have visited them every time I visited him. I wish the owner nothing but the best. If he happens to reopen, we'll be there. Much thanks!
