4	Divey goodness at its best! This is a tiny family-run restaurant serving really good, authentic Mexican food. My Mexican husband and I checked this place out recently after a few recommendations from friends in Madison. We were both really impressed (which is really hard to do - especially my husband) with everything.  I had a carne asada huarache - which was a large plate of excellent carne asada, lettuce, onion, cilantro, avocado and cheese atop a thick, bready tortilla (sort of like a pita). F was excited that they had tacos de tripa (I won't explain) but he also got asada and one al pastor. It was all great.Excellent prices - great, authentic tacos, friendly operators - go here!
2	1 and a half stars.Previosly i would have given this place 3 or 4 stars because it is authentic greasy mexican food that was always pretty decent.However the other day me and my roomate went here for lunch and both got food poisioning.So I'll  leave you with this caveat, eating at taqueria guadalajara is like rolling a pair of dice.  It might come up good and you get some alright mexican food or you might crap out and get food poisioning.I definately won't be eating here again but once again that is due pretty much entirely to getting food poisioning which was lame.
5	i've been making my way through the cheaper mexican restaurants around town for years and was just introduced to this place- I hope I'll never have to go anywhere else.  The tiny, rustic atmosphere makes you feel like you just left madison and wandered into mexico accidentally and the enormous delicious portions are so cheap- exactly the kind of unique experience that makes this place stand out.
3	I thought we had finally found an awesome neighborhood Mexican place, but nope, the food kind of sucked.  My gorditas tasted kind of old.  The steak was chewy and tasted kind of weird.  The burrito was bland and very soggy.  Aren't they supposed to fry it a little on the grill first?  I feel bad saying it because the atmosphere was so cool.  It was little and cramped and the furniture was shitty.  There was a tv!  And like kids running around screaming who were somehow attached to the people running the place.  Oh well, maybe they were having an off night or something
4	The food is good, and fresh.   I have been there many times and have no complaints.  This place is also not anything at all flashy but still feels like home and is super cute. I am a fan.
5	My favorite restaurant in Madison.  The prices are great, the food is delicious, and they even have non-boring vegetarian options, especially the vegetarian huarache and sope, and the potato gordita. I'm from Portland OR, where you can find pretty good Mexican food.  This place is by far the best Mexican food I've had in Madison, and beats anything I could find in Pittsburgh, PA.  It even rivals my favorite Oregon Mexican places in Portland (http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-sirenita-portland) and Eugene (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-siena-eugene).If you go, be sure to try a sope or huerache if you've never had one before.  As far as I can tell the huerache is the bigger version of the sope.  The base is a 1/2 inch thick (!) soft corn tortilla, made there and freshly grilled.  Next come the beans.  The vegetarian ones are then topped with grilled veggies, including broccoli and carrots, and a generous amount of fresh avocado (scooped right out of the skin while you wait), and finally cheese and sour cream.  Add some of the delicious homemade salsa (there are two kinds) they serve with the free corn chips, and you've got the best meal in town :)
5	I feel really guilty writing this, because this is my Madison Mexican secret place (MMSP), but I'm feeling generous.Yes, this place has good food; really, really good food. *You cannot get better/more authentic Mexican food in Madison. Plus the name is fun to say.No, it's not a nice place- It's the first floor of someone's house, which makes it even more legit in my book. Actually I''m currently on a waiting list to move upstairs of Guadalajara.If you are looking for mediocre chain Mexican food - skip this and go to Pedro's.
4	I love this place! I moved to Madison from New Mexico, so I was understandably mourning the loss of my favorite Mexican restaurants back home. I can't say it's as good as those old favorites (hence 4 stars rather than 5), but it's consistently good, and you can't beat the prices. I've had every vegetarian item on the menu, and have been pretty happy with all of them. Their tortillas are fantastic, and I highly recommend the horchata.
3	Ravings on Yelp got me curious. So I finally went there with my beau to satisfy odd hour early evening hunger.Um, not my type of authentic. Yes, it's cooked by very very friendly Mexican family, and I appreciated their service. But based on my backpack trip experience in Mexico, I'd prefer Mercardo Miramar tacos over this one. What's authentic is the group of guys at the counter with beer, munching on food, and having small talks in between watching soccer game.
5	I don't know Mexican, but I know what I like. And this is it. Also, it's cheap. Easily spend less than $7 on a meal.I was introduced by a friend who lived down the street. He's since moved, which removed a ready excuse to visit this fantastic place. Luckily another friend has moved into the area.I just love the flavor of of the food here, my absolute favorite being the steak huarache (avocado, lettuce, tomato, and meat piled onto a flatbread). It starts out great, but spoon a bunch of the mild salsa (true, I can't take too much heat growing up in the Midwest, but I like chunks of veggies in my salsa and the flavor more than the saucy hot) and it gets even better. The tortas (big ol' sandwich) are also good for a change of pace. Haven't been able to resist the standbys enough to get deeper into the menu so I can't comment on the burritos, enchiladas, etc but have heard good things from my friends.
5	This place is simply amazing.  It's literally walking into someone's house and enjoying their food.  The staff and even other patrons have always been friendly to me, no matter how crowded it gets during lunch.  Definitely the best Mexican food I've had in Madison.  Very inexpensive, nicely portioned, most importantly delicious.
4	Best place for Mexican food in Madison HANDS DOWN.Great assortment of options - from specials like Camarones a la Diabla  (Spiiiiiicy!) to your quintessential Mexican fare like tacos, enchiladas, tostadas - all done with an 'authentic', spicy, flavorful flare!Ambiance is very mom+pop-ish - understated, very cramped, mixture of families, singles, and a few good friends.  AKA not the kind of place you go on a nice date.  Still, somehow this modesty adds to the fun for me (and I think it does for the other patrons as well).  Love it.
4	I am from Texas and I have tried every variation of Mexican food you can imagine.  The food at Taqueria is basic, satisfying, and comforting.  There is also a sense of community at Taqueria that makes the place very special.   Go there with an open mind and keep your expectations at "great food for the price" and you won't be dissapointed.
4	Best Mexican food in town that I have found.  This is a gem of a hole in the wall Mexican joint.  When we got there the restaurant was totally packed.  We took the only seat available, which just happened to be on Univision adding to the experience.  The food was great, and very well priced also.
4	I would have given this place 4.5/5 stars, but Yelp did not give me the option to do so. Everything I ordered from this place never made me dissapointed, but I got .5 star deducted because it is not the cleanest place to eat around Madison. I am always coming back (and prefer to get take outs instead of dining in there) because everything tasted so good, cheap, and it made you crave for more Mexican foods.I don't like Mexican foods before I found out about this restaurants, and I am a big fan of Mexican foods since then. Before, I used to only like burittos from Chipotle (I tried La Hacienda, Pasqualis, and other places around the city, but I was never impressed). Taquerias Guadalajara, however, is the best place I have ever eaten, ever (my husband agrees, and he tried different mexican joints around the country).It's so good it makes me want to go to Mexico and explore more about their foods and cultures.. My favourite: Chicharrones gorditas and pork steak tacos (I usually have two tacos and one gorditas for only 5.75 before tax. Ha!). But don't worry, they have more extensive choices which I can't pronounce at the moment.Ohh.. talking about it makes me want to go there right now...
4	This is a "5-star 1-star" place. You know what I mean?The food and decor really reminded me of real taco stands in Mexico. Cheap. Yummy. A breath of fresh air after all the terrible or pretentious Mexican food that I've eaten in Madison.Real Mexican people eat here. Need I say more?
4	This place is really good, not just 'good for wisconson' or 'good for suburb mexican', It's straight up good. I only had a steak burrito and some guacamole but both were delicious and the guys here were nice. Everything tastes fresh and authentic. Reminds me of Chicago.
5	I live six blocks away, but its natty exterior scared me off. The other day, I scoped Mexican restaurants and this came very highly rated. As we walked in (with my 11-year-old), it was clean and rustic (another word for an outdated and sparse sh*thole). The clientele combined many Hispanics casually speaking Spanish (big plus) and face-filled Caucasians. Within 10 seconds of seating, we had a bowlful of chips and fresh mild / hot salsa and very pleasant greeting from the server.    Opening the menu, they filled the pages with Mexican perfection. We're a little adventurous (me more so than my 11-year-old) and was excited by the menu items of tripe, tongue and cactus. OMG, right!?!?! Those items are only found in a Taco Bell entree by freak accident. Don't worry, there are many conventional items as well. Chowing on chips, we slugged a couple of Jarrito sodas (I had tamarind and he had lime). Before 10 minutes passed, our burritos came. He had beef and I had seasoned pork steak (carne el pastor). While digging in mine, I had to nibble on his too. Both were incredible; the meat was tender and delicious and included sides were refried beans (perfectly seasoned, cooked and homemade) and delicious rice (slightly smoked and cooked to perfection). We were in such delight, I do not know we recalled breathing.To go, we picked a beef tongue taco (he would not promise to resist French-kissing the taco); Platillo Guadalajara (special with steak, chile and cactus); chimichanga (MASSIVE); tamale dinne and  two Cokes (glass bottle) for UNDER $50! Before I typed this up, I sampled the plates and the food is consistent. All the food is homemade, filling and perfectly textured/seasoned. I feel like such and idiot for holding out on this joint.
4	Add this to the short list of places I've visited because of overwhelmingly positive Yelp reviews. Being from Chicago, one of the things I worried most about when moving to Wisconsin, was the ability to find good (GOOD), authentic Mexican food... not Taco Bell, or John's, or even some of the other places staffed by Mexicans, but not patronized by them. It was the first time in Wisconsin where I was ethnically outnumbered, and that's a great thing! Anyhow, the tacos were great, the service was fantastic, it was quick, and it was cheap. It's not the best Mexican food I've had, but it's pretty damn close, and no doubt it's authentic. I will definitely swing this way again! Thanks for all the recommendations, y'all!
4	Wow, is this place great!I was a little apprehensive when my boyfriend showed me his favorite Mexican joint in Madison--it definately looks like a dive.  But he loves food and so do I, plus I read all of the previous reviews, and gave it a shot.Walking in was a bit... icky? It is not the cleanest or nicest place-at all, but we were greeted by smiling faces.  Space is limited here and we sat at the "bar" which is really where the cooking is going on, which is nice because you can watch them prepare your food.I got 2 vegetarian tacos and a potato chalupa. Oh, and a tangerine Jarritos!  Oh my goodness, it was all so great and SO cheap.  The tacos are $1.75 each and chalupa $2.50 (I think).  My boyfriend got chicken enchiladas which he had never had and loved as wellPlus, the chips and salsa werer really good (minus the fact that they were replenished by a gloveless boy :/).If you can get over the clean factor, this place is amazing.  4 stars b/c of the no glove thing, but the food is super good and very fast.  I will definately come here if I want fast Mexican instead of taco bell lol.  AND my bf said they have outdoor seating in the summer! Yay!
5	Thank goodness for Yelp because I never would have tried this restaurant without reading the great reviews!  The food was absolutely incredible - good sized portions, very cheap, very flavorful.   We sat at the counter, so we were able to watch them make our meals, which I highly recommend.  I had the veggies tacos and the potato gordita, my husband had the mole burrito - everything was so good!  I can see how the atmosphere could scare some people away, but I think it added to the experience of eating there.
4	I'd give it five stars if only the Camerones Diablo were always on the menu. They are very hot, and very, very, very good, but are an occasional special. -- The horchatas are also a bit better than the usual.
4	I used to live practically across the street from this place, and finally went one balmy summer night.  It's really good food, and great service - especially at such reasonable prices!It really is a hole in the wall.  There are a couple of tables jammed in with a lunch counter, so it's definitely a place for small groups.  There is also a porch for a few extra tables in the back, which is great for warm summer nights.  If you're sitting at the counter, you can watch the cook prepare your meal right in front of you.
3	It's a hole in the wall, but in my opinion, great food comes from hole in the walls.  After all, I want the place that can sustain a business just from the food alone and not because it's a nice and pleasant place to sit and chat.  I'm not sure why people say that it's not the cleanest place to eat.  I didn't see any health department ratings, but the place seemed clean enough.  And after a quick scan of the other reviews on this site, it doesn't seem like anybody's gotten sick or anything either.  I suspect it's just more of the usual Madison liberal snobbery because of the cosmetics of the place.  It's not the best Mexican food I've had.  I'd like their carne asada to be a little bit more marinated.  I had two carne asada tacos and one al pastor.  They were generous wiht the cilantro which is a definite plus.  I'd love a salsa verde option, but I'll take what I can get.  I didn't particularly enjoy the burrito as it felt a bit soggy.  But despite this, it's the best Mexican in Madison.  It'll certainly satisfy my cravings until I can get back to California or actually make the effort to make my own.   There isn't really enough seating for big groups here, but take out is always an option.
5	Some of the best Mexican food in Madison. Eat here ASAP.
5	Tiny hole-in-the-wall...two tables that can seat 2 people each, and then a small counter.  Most of the kitchen is right before your eyes--so you can see how they prepare the food.The food here?  Absolutely top-notch.  Very fresh.  Muchisimo sabor!!!  The hot salsa here is so flavorful, I couldn't stop eating it even when my face was burning.  Lots of fresh avocado, onion, cilantro, everything was so good and balanced just right.
4	Always delicious and interesting food. Sometimes, my friends are really confused when they receive a taco with cilantro in it instead of cheese, beans and salsa -- all smothered with sour cream.My favorite experience was the beef tongue tacos and the tripe tacos.  The tongue was incredibly soft and tasty and the the texture of the tripe was really unique and satisfying.
4	very tasty
4	It's easy to miss this place when driving by. It's such a small place, but the food is great. I ordered a wet burrito with chicken and 2 tacos (1 carne asada, 1 beef tongue). Yep, you read it right, beef tongue. All the food was fresh, authentic, and most importantly, delicious! I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
5	Upon further review... if it were between Taqueria el Asadero in Chicago and Taqueria Guadalajara in Madison, Asadero would win every time when it came to steak tacos, steak burritos or any other item containing steak. Otherwise, Guadalajara would win on every other dimension.
4	Best Mexican food I've had in Madison by a very, very long shot!  This is not the sort of place you go for the ambiance.  It's teeny, cramped, and hot, and loudish cheesy music videos were blaring from a television.  But honestly, who the heck cares when you're eating food this good?Admittedly, my first dining experience (two or three years ago) at Taqueria Guadalajara was sort of meh -- I had the Burrito Mexicano (the one that looks like a Mexican flag!) and it was just okay.  But my second meal was so delicious that I'm thinking that the first must've been an off evening or something (for me or for them).  I had the chicken tacos, and even though it was just seasoned chicken and lettuce in a corn tortilla, it was absolutely delicious.  No dry chicken here, no sir.  My boyfriend got a pork taco (super freaking good -- I'll be getting this when I go back), a tongue taco (also very good but I personally can't get over the whole I'm-eating-something's-tongue thing) and a vegetarian sope which was just fried heaven.  I do wish they had soda from a fountain rather than in cans, but really, a minor complaint.All that yum for $13.50?  You'd better believe I'll be back.  Soon.  And often.
3	Like some people have said, this is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant that seems to cater to native Spanish speakers. I'm big on places like that because they usually have pretty good food and provide a cozy, intimate dining experience.At Taqueria Guadalajara, however, you really don't get that vibe. The place is pretty low end as far as restaurants go (in order to get to the back for additional seating you literally have to walk through the kitchen).The prices are amazing. You could easily feed a family of 4 for $20 if you wanted. The cost of these low prices, however, is the quality of the food. I will give some bonus points for authentic ingredients and recipes, but the food was mediocre in general.Overall, the price was right, but you get what you pay for in ambiance and food quality.
5	The real thing- a hole in the wall type of place with delicious food that is very reasonably priced.  And it's open until 11.  Yum.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  The smell of freshly cooked tortillas was wonderful.  The staff was nice, and the food was amazing.  I highly recommend it.  It's a "hole in the wall", but that's part of the charm.
5	Try as I might...I always end up ordering tres tacos de carne asada...con todos...whenever we go here.  If you've never had real Mexican tacos...served on the street preferably, you don't know what you're missing.  It's simple, street food...but so delicious! The carne flavor is transcendent...and when coupled with onions & cilantro...and real corn tortillas...and the essential salsa...ephemerally flavorful and satisfying.  My bf sometimes opts for the huarches...a spectacularly beautiful combination of meat, beans, avocado, lettuce and cheese with a drizzling of sour cream...all in appropriate quantities instead of the typical Americanized Mexican where everything is drenched in cheese or sauce...Go.  Eat.  Savor...and take some to go...it's equally good or better later or the next day...
4	Very small place, but very good food. The place was packed the whole time we were there. The atmosphere was really cool. Lots of kids there eating, but the staff had them move so we could sit down. Tacos were really good.
4	The food at Taqueria Guadalajara is at least as good as the Mexican food I got used to back when I lived in Northern California. I usually opt for their excellent tacos (try the delicious lengua de res [beef tongue]), but the sopes are also terrific.The atmosphere is definitely homey and a little run down. I try to sit at the counter because I enjoy watching the action in the kitchen, but also because the back room where most of the tables are is a bit depressing and claustrophobic.Another plus for Taqueria Guadalajara is the friendly and attentive staff. And the prices! I'm always way over-tipping here because I feel like I'm not paying nearly enough for the delicious and filling food.
5	My new fave: tripa tacos!!And the menudos aren't bad, either..
2	I am basing this on one visit and usually like to visit multiple times before reviewing, but I'll give it a shot. When I go again, I'll update. I would probably have given it three stars, but I'd heard so many good things and I was disappointed, and I also always like to promote what I call Madison's triumvirate of awesome if lesser known Mexican places: Taqueria Guanajuato, La Hacienda, and Antojitos El Toril (technically in Monona, but that town is ours too :) ).So all I got here were three gorditas containing three different meats. I haven't much more than this to say: all three of them were very standard, nothing that stood out positively in either the meats or the toppings stuffed in, and the ultra greasiness, like to the point of nigh-on immediate heartburn, stood out negatively.I do understand that good and/or authentic Mexican is greasy, but not like this.
5	Great carne asada burrito. Awesome chips and salsa. Everything very authentic.
5	This is hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison. They have amazing amazing food. The service is speedy and friendly. Try the Mole. Its out of control delicious.
5	If you like real authentic Mexican food you have to eat here. The tortas are amazing.Have to spend $10.00 to use a debit card but the food is so good you won't mind.
5	Good Mexican food, better than La Hacienda!
5	OMG.  I LOVED this place.  It is exactly what I look for in a hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  The atmosphere is crowded and chaotic.  The prices are low.  And the food is great.  I had chicken enchiladas with mole sauce, but I plan to be back for much more.
4	A great little hole-in-the wall, authentic, that is SUPER kid friendly. Perhaps the best authentic Mexican in Madison. Awesome salsa. Friendly staff. Don't kill it you hipsters.
4	I would give this place a 5 star except that I'm still a tough love reviewer and I only reserve 5 stars for impeccable ambiance and food to match.  The food was delicious and the wait staff was very attentive.I had the torta de carne asada, and my dining buddy ordered the torta mexicana.  I know a thing or two about tortas because my family used to run a taco truck in the 1990s with only Mexican customers. I expected the torta de carne asada to be similar to what my friend ordered, the torta mexicana-- a flat strip of tender meat, cilantro, and tomato, mayonnaise, salsa, etc.  I would order what she ordered since my torta carne asada came undone too easily.  I don't want to be a messy eater if I'm about to go to another meeting afterwards. Enough with categories-- the tacos looked delicious, and free chips and salsa. the spicy salsa was pretty spicy, stick to the red mild sauce for the faint of heart.  This isn't child's play. I also ordered the horchata rice milk cinnamon beverage. Good stuff. To one side of me was a group of gringolandia college badgers, and to my right were Mexican customers who only spoke Spanish with the owners, in a very friendly demeanor as though they are regulars. The seating availability during lunch was spacious, but it might be during when school was not in session. Try this place before you decide to drop money at a chain Mexican burrito place.
5	i'm from california and i think that this is the best mexican place in madison!
5	Still haven't dropped the ball. Been going here for years now. Mi Ranchero is my favorite, Chorizo, Steak, Grilled Cactus and whole grilled onions. It brings back memories of Oaxaca, warm nights & Modelo Negro.
5	Yep, this is definitely my favorite place in Madison for Mexican food. It's not only extremely good, it's consistently extremely good.The place is pretty small, but I've only ever waited 2-3 minutes one time in all the times I've been there.
4	I'm new to Madison and have been CRAVING tacos for the past month.  I stopped in for the first time last night on the recommendation of a good friend, and am I glad he told me about this place.Firstly, the atmosphere is GREAT.  I love the the small, cramped, homey feeling of the restaurant.  The fact that it's a converted house gives it extra character.  You walk in and there's barely enough room for a table, let alone customers. I had steak, chicken and pork tacos with rice and beans.  Topped with fresh cilantro and onions and paired with a Dos Equis, it's just what I needed to finish off a lazy Sunday.  Did I mention it's CHEAP!  I'll definitely be satisfying my taco cravings here again soon.
5	Went there for the first time last week and I loved it. The moment we walked in, we were seated at the bar where the smiling waitress immediately gave us chips and salsa. As soon as we ordered our beef tongue tacos and carne asada tacos, we had to wait about 5 minutes to get our food (and personally, I was so drawn into the soap opera on the TV, I hadn't even noticed). Everything was delicious. The meat and the tortillas were hot and fresh, sprinkled with cilantro and a splash of fresh lime. We devoured our meal in no time flat. The best part is that it was crazy cheap! We spent under $20 for two people with a ton of tacos and beer. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Awesome and fast! Lunch was outstanding, and seriously, the food was up quick. Not a ton of seating, three 4 tops in the back, and two tables and a dinner style bar up front.
5	This is one of those true Yelp success stories.I grew up mostly in Madison but lived in Milwaukee for a number of years where Mexican food is ridiculously good.  Whether it be from one of the amazing restaurants on the Southside or the authentic Mexcian grocers (El Ray), you really can't go wrong.  Up until I went to Taqueria, I hadn't run into a restaurant in Madison that I would even deem "acceptable" for Mexican food.There's a few places that were decent, but nothing that ever stuck out or that had all the right stuff put together.  Each place lacked either taste, proper pricing, or variety on their menu.Well Taqueria Guadalajara solves that issue ten-fold in my opinion.  They are pretty much just what others describe here; a very very small mom & pop operation with a comfortable environment and amazing food at good prices.  Portion sizes are also quite generous.  The staff is polite and the TV usually has either soccer or mexican soap operas on, adding to the authentic vibe.The food needs to be emphasized here though, they have some fantastic options.  First off, the chips and salsas are tasty, they give you a hot blend which I found enjoyable and a mild blend which is has a very traditional taste (cilantro, tomatoes, etc).  Make sure though that you order Guacamole, even if it takes them a while to bring it out.  Their fresh homemade Guac is out of this world, and this is coming from a guy who doesn't even like Guacamole.  I have to put it on everything I get here though, as it's just that delicious.Secondly, there are a few main dishes I've had worthy of note.  I'd say the best deal they offer are the tacos, my girlfriend got 2-3 tacos each time with a side, and I think they were about $1.75 or $2 per taco.  This isn't something from taco bell though, these are flavorful and fulfilling jam-packed tortillas, and if you get a side of rice and / or beans it should be more than enough food.  Some of my other favorites, albeit pricey, are the Mexican flag burrito and the Tortas (Mexican Sandwhiches) with slow-roasted pulled pork.  I'd rate one meat over the other, but the Carne Asada, the el pastor pulled pork, and the chicken were all mouth-watering.  Just make sure you wash it down with one of their many beers / sodas available.Nobody's perfect, so there are a few minor qualms.  The service is terribly slow and inattentive.  They make up for it with warm hospitality, but we often had to wait for drink / chip refills to the point where we had finished the main course and usually had to wait a while to put in our order.  That said, they do get the main courses out promptly, the last time I went I had my meal in less than ten minutes.  Only thing is, we've seen this behavior when we went at 8pm at night on a weekday, so I have no idea how it is when they're packed.  My girlfriend said she went for lunch and it was crazy-crowded (she still got her food though).Overall, Taqueria is a slice of delight in an unexpected location.
5	This place has been well described by others so I will just say that it is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison.  Pork tacos + some real sugar Coke and some great genuinely hot salsa = happy happy.  My Wife loves the tortas and the food is cheap, fast and delicious.The only down side for me was that the in-room kitchen put off a bit of grease in the air and during the winter and the place is pretty closed so I had an asthma flare up from breathing the smoke and ended up wheezing my way through my tacos.  But I suppose if they had good ventilation the place would not be the quaint, authentic inexpensive gem that it is.
4	Not the place to go if decor is important to you.  After walking through the kitchen to get to the tables with mismatched chairs in the back, my BF and I suspected we were in for some tasty food and we were not disappointed! I had a huarche al pastor- sort of an open faced burrito with pork and he had the enchiladas verde.  Both of us completely cleaned our plates, and even with a generous tip the total was at least half of what we might spend at a nicer place with lesser quality food. We will be going back for sure!!
3	My husband and I were in Madison from out of town, and this place reportedly had good Mexican food. I am not a snooty restaurant goer in the least, but I was initially off-put by how dirty the kitchen and dining area were. Not enough to make me leave, but enough to leave a bad first impression. The restaurant is also very crowded and uncomfortable to sit in. The food was good and authentic, but I've had better in cleaner environments.
5	Awesome authentic and cheap spot, very small and very low-key but definitely the best Mexican food around.Viva la horchata
2	This review is for people like me, who see the great reviews and want to try it out. I buy that it is authentic and I buy that the food is ok, but it also seems to be overinflated due to some bandwagon hype.Obviously, this is only one experience, but I went with my wife on one of the first nice Saturday afternoons of the spring. When we arrived, it was absolutely packed and some people were just milling around outside. I poked my head inside to find a small room with the dingy "kitchen" right there surrounded by bar-style seating. I say "kitchen" because there were at least two microwaves going at all times. Maybe things are different when it isn't crammed full of people, but I had no idea whether to sit, wait, walk through to the back (where there is apparently more seating) or try to give a take-out order. We were eventually offered a seat by the waitress and placed our order. I got a steak torta...I don't recall what my wife had because they brought the wrong thing out at first. I have no idea how they could have kept track of the orders with all the people there. I will say this, the tortra was huge and the food came out fast...so fast that I almost suspect is was someone else's order that also had a torta, since my wife's plate was incorrect. When we were done, neither of us were overwhelmed by the food.So, first timers, just be aware of what you may be walking into. Based on the majority of the reviews, I was disappointed.
2	There was no parking available out front, so we drove around to the side street to see if we could get to the "additional parking in the rear."  We took a chance and turned down a one lane dirt driveway behind some houses.  Bingo!  They have a walkway ramp that leads to the dining area in the back of the restaurant.  When we stepped just inside the door we were immediately greeted by an intense and humid heat.  There was zero air flow in the dining area, and it was quite stifling.  Like another reviewer, Brian T., mentioned you don't know if you should sit down, wait, stand around with your finger up your nose or what.  Everyone who is already sitting at tables looks up at you curiously, and I couldn't help but wonder if we were just gigantic dorks.  I flagged down a waitress who said it would be 1 to 5 minutes before we were seated.  Ok, progress.  But as I'm watching her, she actually went over to one occupied table and asked them to move to another table.  Then she had us sit at their table.  Why?????  I felt kind of awkward and tried not to look in their direction after that.  We ordered a steak chimichanga, chili relenos, potato gordita, and a steak gordita.  They were just ok.  I grew up in California, and I have Mexican friends who taught me some of their authentic Mexican cooking, so I wasn't falling down and convulsing with glee over what we had here.  I definitely wouldn't say it's the best you can find in Madison.  In fact, I'd say it's similar to what you can find just about anywhere in Madison.  After we finished our meals, we waited and waited and waited for a check.  We were sweating because of the overheated dining area, and really just wanted to get the heck out of there.  Check eventually arrived, but not before my dining companion started to have a mini meltdown.   He stood up from the table and looked like he was either going to pass out or start chewing on his shirt like a weirdo.  I was going to send him outside to spare the other patrons, but then I saw the waitress coming with the check and we were all saved.  There were just too many problems here, and the food certainly wasn't worth all of the hassle.  So to all of you reviewers who feel like they are having a religious experience when you go here because its just so good, I say "enjoy" because I don't wanna!
5	Truly a diamond in the rough.  We always order out due to the smallness of the dining area, but the authentic tamales and tacos simply cannot be beat! Also of note, is their delicious salsa.  Caution to those who do not like hot!
4	When we walked into the small storefront, there was one couple seated at a small wrap around bar and six employees standing. We were quickly attended to, asked if we would like to sit in the back room and were led, through the abuela-populated kitchen, into a much bigger room that opened out to the back.I had Yelped and asked around for good Mexican food in Madison. This spot made the top three list and it's clear why. Straight-up, no bull Mexican! Tacos, sopes, burritos, dinner plates. Great flavors, salsas and grandma's in the kitchen! After a trio of tacos, a pair of sopes and a Negra Modelo, I knew that even if the next two spots on the list sucked, there is one place in town where this fan would be muy contento.
2	Heard great things about Taqueria Guadalajara and expectations were high.  The decor and such are quitey basic but you know that going in.  Staff were friendly and service wasn't slow, unlike other reviewers' experiences.  Unfortunately the food was mediocre (my husband used the words "uninspired" and "somewhat bland").  He had sopes and I had tacos.  Prices were quite reasonable, but I won't be back.
5	Establishments like this are the exact reason I am grateful for yelp.  We are currently crossing the country from Maine to Washington and have had to rely on either word of mouth, chain restaurants or (thankfully) yelp.  I can honestly say that we probably never would have found this gem if it had not been for yelp.First of all, we ate at the counter in the front and watched all the magic in the kitchen.  It was warm upfront, but my husband cooled himself with a Negro Modelo, I enjoyed a mandarin soda and our daughter stuck with water.  Everyone was terrifically friendly.  It was a delight to watch all the cooking happening.  The food was incredible to boot.  I had a chicken chimichanga which came with rice, beans and lettuce, my husband had a burrito mexicano with a gordita on the side and our daughter had three chicken tacos.  Combine this with tortilla chips and some of the best salsa I have ever had and we were in heaven.  Just when we thought our meal couldn't get any better, one kindly gentleman who worked here gifted us with a green tamale, on the house.  It.  Was. AMAZING.  Fresh, perfect consistency and positively tasty.And then there is the thing that drive this amazing establishment into overdrive:  The price.  The grand total for all of the delicious, tasty goodness above?  $26.  Seriously.  The three of us can hardly go out for breakfast at that price, let alone some of the best mexican food we have ever had.  If you are in Madison run, don't walk, to Taqueria Guadalajara.  You will be delighted that you did.
5	Best. Mexican. Food. In. Madison. Always good.  Always full of people. Recently opened a new seating area that doubles their capacity.  I you check the wall, you will see tha this tiny hole in the wall was suggested by a national newspaper as one of the best places in the nation for Mexican fare.  It is delicious, it is quick, it is very inexpensive.
3	If all you're concerned about is the food, then I would strongly recommend going. This place has excellent authentic Mexican cuisine at an incredibly reasonable price. It was even named by USA Today as one of the Top Ten Authentic Mexican Restaurants in the U.S. So the food is great!If you're going for the whole dining experience, I would have second thoughts. The place isn't very nice, definitely a dive, and there isn't much seating at all. The waiter struggled with English, not that there is anything wrong with that, it just makes it difficult to get a good recommendation. Last but not least, the place isn't located in the greatest area, there is limited parking and they don't have a full bar.
4	Had driven by this place a few times while visiting back in Madtown, looked pretty real and was on the right side of town so had to try. Yay! Real mexican, made & served by the same, and the place full of local hispanic families. Yes, it was hot & humid (Madison in August, right?) and my togo sat for 5mins before I got my ticket. The world didn't end with a 5min wait and the food was FANTASTIC! Lingua tacos, melt in your mouth good. Carne asada burrito, best since San Diego street food.  Realize your a gabacho, gringo, and get some darn fine mexi here!
3	Was visiting Madison for the Great Midwest Beer Fest and prior to getting in line for the opening we headed west a bit and via Yelp landed in this little Taqueria.  From the front it almost looks too small to dine-in as there are no tables and just a small counter.  But the server will lead you back, literally through the kitchen, to the dinning area in the back of the restaurant.As we were in a bit of a hurry I didn't spend too much time searching the menu, quickly selecting a torta.Our server brought some colored chips and two types of salsas; the chips were good but the salsa was nothing great.  The torta on the other hand was excellent, the steak was juicy and had a hint of grilled, smoky flavor.  The sandwich was huge and was more food then needed (had to save room for 5 hours worth of beer sampling).
5	One of the most perfect, small, family run Mexican food places that I ever encountered. Atmosphere was authentic, the place is clean and the food is great. Not upscale by no means.I had a Huaracha for the first time, and I loved it; it is loaded with good ingredients (including a cactus, which I had for the first time and it was great).I stumbled upon the place following a Yelp recommendation, and was shocked at first how tiny the place is, but you discover there is more to it later. Although, try to sit at the bar if you can (if you like it), for a feeling different from other usual Mexican joints.
5	I have these as the best tacos in the country (and I've eaten the top-rated tacos in Chicago, and Phoenix). I went here on the Yelp reviews a year back, and have been going back whenever passing through Madison craving tacos. The bar seating and liquor license give it extra points, and the location is actually a plus (some say not-so-nice area, I say plenty of parking). Yes, bizarre that these are some of the best tacos are in the country, but that's just the way it is.
5	Best Mexican in Madison. Better then la fuenta on the 92nd street in Milwaukee. Traditional Mexican. Expanded seating area in back.
5	wow, this place is no joke.  as authentic (by california standards) of a taqueria i've seen outside the west coast.
5	Do not judge a book by its cover.Okay, this place is pretty shabby looking with the neon pink paint and all.This shack isn't necessarily HGTV-worthy inside either.BUT, the food here is amazing!My friends, a Bolivian-American and Mexican-American, adore this place so I HAD to check it out.We dined in, which wasn't the best experience ever, but the waiter (I think he is the son of the owner) was so sweet and helpful.If you want authentic mexican food, this is the place to go.
4	Best taqueria in Madison for sure.  Doesn't hold a candle to East- or West-Coast Mexican food, but it's very solid.
2	What a disappointment! Went to Tacqueria Guadalajara after seeing the excellent reviews on Yelp, but I was extremely disappointed. Service was very slow even though there were only 3 other groups there, we waited at least 10 minutes to get menus and another 10 to get plastic cups of water. The chips that they brought out were very stale, but the salsa was good. When the food arrived (I ordered a steak burrito dinner) the small portions of refried beans and rice were COLD, and the overall taste and quality of the burrito was disappointing. The burrito was also significantly smaller than those found at most authentic Mexican restaurants, and even compared to fast food mexican like Qdoba or Chipotle, it was not very substantial. Yes Tacqueria is an "authentic" Mexican restaurant, but it is certainly nothing to rave about, and I would not recommend it to a friend or go there again myself.
1	Food wasnt hot when we got it,slow service, store bought chips (stale) with salsa. Taste of food was decent but definitely nothing special.
5	You won't get gourmet Mexican food here, but you will get pull-up-a-bar-stool-and-slab-some-salsa-on-your-taco authenticity. This small place is hard to find, but the tacos and burritos are great, and you'll likely be shouldering up against some Spanish-speakers. The owners are super friendly and will make you feel like you are being served by your long-lost Mexican abuela (grandma).
4	It ain't no Taco Bell! Excellent authentic food, great value, friendly staff.
5	This is a family-owned, family run business that makes a variety of flavorful Mexican food.  They are reliable, friendly, and quick.  I consider this the best Mexican food  in Madison.
2	I hate to write a bad review because these folks are really trying hard. But, my Mi Rancho was not that good. Authentic (I never had cactus before), but the beef, advertised as steak, was very tough. The Mole Enchiladas, a specialty too, wasn't great either. I will go back to give them another chance, but with so many Mexican options they won't get a third try. Sorry.
5	Stopped in on a business trip and was very happy to find all the positive reviews were right on. Nothing fancy, just good, simple Mexican food!  Prices were great and the Negra Modelo was nice and cold. If you're in the area, Taqueria Guadalajara is a great choice.
5	Never disappointed! Lovely little place, they cook the food right there, authentic, and cheap!!
2	After the review in the local newspaper and rave reviews online for this restaurant my husband and I tried this restaurant over the weekend. My husband liked it more than I did. He would go back, I wouldn't eat at this restaurant again. Service was slow and the waiter barely spoke to us. The chips placed on our table when we arrived came right out of a Frito Lay bag, were cold and the basket was only half full - no seconds on chips until you ask for them. We were sat at a small table for two against the wall facing the bathroom doors when there few patrons in the restaurant and tables for 4 were available with views out the large windows to the back of the property. The food was only so-so with no garnish on the plate. I've had better take-out food. Prices were cheap but I guess you get what you pay for.  La Hacienda is just a few blocks north, go there and you'll have a better experience.
3	This place is everything that has been described. Small, authentic, shabby looking, iffy service.It was a little hard to find parking, but I guess that is not an uncommon problem in Madison. They advertise they serve mixed drinks but they don't. They don't even have margaritas. I got the Mexican Burrito and a veggie taco. The burrito was kinda bland, possibly would have tasted better with meat in it but I was less than impressed. The veggie taco was much tastier and wished I had gone that route instead.It was also kinda hot in there but I guess air conditioning isn't common in Madison since it stays cold most of the year. I may consider going back there again but I wasn't completely sold.
5	You will not find better mexican food in Madison, that's a sure thing, possibly all of Wisconsin, maybe something decent in Milwaukee. This is the closest thing to the kick-ass mexican offered in Los Angeles. If you expect to be seated in a middle of the road white surburban scared of foreigners sort of way, you're way out of your league. Go back to Applebee's. This is a family owned and run authentic mexican joint. They know what they are doing and they do it well. I have found the tamales to be pretty awesome, the burrito is okay, the fresh salsa is amazing and spicy, I love the roasted jalapenos, of course I do that at home myself now, my wife likes the tortas. I've had the Guadalajara plate, which was pretty good. Try some things that you would not normally try, and have some new experiences. It might not be super duper fantastic to you, but then you know what you like and what you don't.If you go to LA ever, try La Fogata's on Van Nuys in Sherman Oaks. That is truly kick-ass, the fresh salsa, the burritos, the tamales, etc. That would get 5 stars for sure, and compared to La Fogata's in LA, this place in Madison would probably be 3.5 stars. But I gave it 5 based on Madison, and what little quality food there is in Wisconsin in general, unless all you eat are brats and cheese, then you are in the right place! Go Badgers?
5	The best authentic Mexican in Madison.  If you are up for a divey delicious and reasonably priced Mexican fix...this is your place.  Parking is a bit of a challenge but well worth it!!!
5	I stopped in for breakfast before the Great Taste. I was trying to find a Mexican part of town, and just happened to see the pink house looking building.  I could not have done better.  This is real Mexican food. A small joint, devoid of gimmicks and frills. The staff was super friendly, and there was a soccer game on tv. You know you have found a decent place to eat when they lead you through the (tiny, but clean) kitchen to your table.  I had a steak huarache and a lengua taco, and they were deliciously devoid of the massive piles of melted cheese some places use to hide the fact that their food sucks.  This is the good stuff. Fresh and bright flavors for a great price. I will make a point to stop here anytime I am in the area.
4	Being from Southern California, I know Mexican food. Taqueria Guadalajara has great food, but lack of atmosphere. A lot of people were getting food to go while we were there.
4	Finally...a real Mexican restaurant in Madison. Order ahead and take out. This is as authentic as it gets in Madison. The key......no yellow cheddar cheese. A good friend from Mexico taught me they only use white cheese in Mexico....The menu is varied with items I've never heard of before. Definitely worth a try!
5	Aye aye aye. This is what I'm hablando about Madison. Nay. This is what I'm taco-ing about! I've long said you can take the boy outta Tucson, but you can't take the Tucson outta the boy. Ok, I haven't been saying that long, I just sort of made it up. BUT, point of the story is even though I'm midwest through and through, a little piece of me still craves carne, and TG delivers! After telling new friends about my need for a little Mex in the city, they suggested we meet up for a Friday taco fiesta. Glad I met them! There are oodles of entrees, some of which include rice and beans maybe? To be honest, I'm a little foggy because once I looked at the taco and sope options I was sold and couldn't make sense of the rest of the menu. Chicken, steak, pork, pastor, tripe and beef tongue are your proteins, then put whatever you want underneath them. Corn tortillas will run you a $1.75 per taco and a sope (a deliciously fried tortilla that puffs up) is a super reasonable $2.50. Both are great! The sope comes with a touch more... crema, shredded cheese, beans... but don't be dissuaded by the simplicity of the tacos. They're equally as tasty with just chopped onion and cilantro. I guess when the place opened it only had seating for just a few folks, but a recent expansion to the back area and some seats at the bar make it so everyone (well, almost) can enjoy.
4	If you want some authentic Mexican, this is THE place to go in Madison. I was incredibly impressed by the lengua and chorizo tacos, and the "mi mexico" platter is a great value for $10, giving you a BIG portion of flank steak, grilled nopales, beans, and peppers! I didn't have a chance to try the tortas or huaraches, but watching them cook up on the flattop grill was awesome.Two warnings: 1) This is a converted row house, so there isn't that much seating. There's a couple of small tables and a big countertop / bar that runs around the grill.2) When they're really going and have all of the gas stoves and grills going, you get a very distinct whiff of gas in the place. It didn't bother me too much, but some people may not like that.
5	Best Mexican in Madison (well chimichanga, at least!). I love the green salsa and the chicken chimichanga. Perfect hole-in-the-wall family-owned  kind of atmosphere; everyone is super nice. Highly recommended.Only downfall is no margaritas!
5	My boyfriend and I were very impressed with Taqueria Guadalajara!! I got the chicken enchiladas - and they were divine. The staff was friendly and FAST! Seriously delicious authentic Mexican food. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Only cons are seating space and no margaritas. However, I wouldn't want TG to change their location, because it's the home town feel that makes them the diamond in the ruff that they are.
4	Passing thru Sunday afternoon from Rockford, Siri helped us find this place. Not much to look at but great food, fast service, and clean. I had enchilada dinner.  Wife had tomale dinner. Server a little short on personality but pleasant. Good prices.
4	Don't let the pink siding and the decor inside scare you away.  The food here is in my top 3 in Madison.  Basically working off of a flat top and deep fryer, the small kitchen puts out solid and delicious (and very affordable) eats.  Their tacos are great.  Classic two corn tortillas wrapped around a meat, cilantro, and onions.  They bring out two different types of salsa for you to choose from.  Make sure you try either the sopes (ingredients on top) or the gordita (ingredients stuffed inside).  Both are made using a thicker tortilla that puffs up when fried. They are out of this world and for around $2.50 each, they are a bargain.Note:  If you decide to sit in the front of the restaurant, be prepared to carry the smells of the kitchen with you the rest of the day.  To me, a small price to pay to eat excellent fare!
4	DON'T LET THE SHADY PINK BUILDING FOOL YOU! YELP helped me discover this hidden gem. The food was super good and super authentic. I found my inner fatman while I was here and sampled two tacos, a gordita, and sope. The TACOS were to die for. By far MY FAVORITE. I had one steak and one pork. DELICIOUS! The SOPE and GORDITA were just more of the same goodness in a fried tortilla. Super Good, and Super Cheap. Check it out!
5	SO CHEAP!SO GOOD!I'm adding flautas to the list. Yeah, yeah, what you doin' boy eating deep fried tortillas wrapped around meat. Uhhhh, eating deep fried tortillas deliciously wrapped around meat! I probably get them twice a year and promptly remember what I'm eating when they arrive and why I only get them twice a year. But they're delicious. And at TG they're so large I couldn't finish both. The kind waitress was worried that I didn't like them (HA! If she only knew). They're just simply too big to down in one sitting. Especially if you start with a sope. Guilty.
5	We have been on the search for good Mexican in Wisconsin. This is it!!!!Their salsa is fantastic, fresh and you'll want several helpings. The al pastor (spicy pork) is incredible and their carne asada is delicious. I ordered a chimichanga and my husband and and sister ordered burritos. All of it was great, flavorful, generous portions and best of all, AUTHENTIC. The service is fast, friendly, and the staff is really friendly. We'll be regulars!
4	I finally got to check this place out.  The Torta was the best.  Very good.Huaraches good but not my thing. Sopes were very good.  Everything had good flavor and the salsas were excellent.  I am so used to Americanized Mexican food that it is hard for me to get used to this more authentic cuisine.  So if you aren't familiar with this style of cooking you may find your meal different from what was expected.The service could be a little bit more friendly.  I like the smallness of the eating area.  If I lived near here I would eat out here just because of it's small space.  Watch the first step inside, it's a big one.
5	Great simple, affordable, and authentic. 'nuff said. The entrance is misleading, there is more seating in the back.
3	I've been there numerous times. Quite frankly, I don't get the hype. I'll keep it short: The food here is good. Tacos are good. Tortas are good. Mole is good. Unfortunately, "good" doesn't get you very far in Madison.Advice: Go to Guanajuatance for great tacos and, well, everything. Mercado Marimar is better. Hell, even Gemelos is superior.Sorry, Guadalajara. You just don't cut it anymore.
4	Great, authentic, inexpensive Mexican.   I especially recommend the chile relleno.  Fast service, but in no way, "fast food." Difficult to get extra chips and more delicious salsa out of the wait staff (in either Spanish or English).  Noisy, back dining room. Don't come here to hold a meeting.
4	I love Mexican food and I love this restaurant. If you are a Mexican food lover like myself, and hate shitty yellow cheese nachos or lettuce/tomatoes with your tacos, this is your place. Onions, cilantro, lime, and pastor is the way to go. They even have cactus and 2 great salsas. Insanely cheap as well.
4	This place isn't the best restaurant in Madison.It's not even the best Mexican restaurant in Madison.Best Mexican-Restaurant-Housed-In-An-Obnoxiously-Pink-Building?I think we can safely give it that.A work colleague and I were in downtown Madison the other day and looking for a place to have lunch.  Usually when we want Mexican and are a bit further west La Guanajuatence is our go-to place.  Being further east I scoured Yelp and found that Guadalajara was likely our best bet.We were not disappointed.I just want to say that this is only a four-star review because the previously mentioned place got five-stars from me and Guadalajara was just not quite as good.In every other way other than direct comparison it was spectacular.  I had a chicken sope and a three-pack of tacos.  One tripe, one tongue, and one el pastor.  My colleague had a pork chimichanga.  Obviously, we both had chips and salsa + Mexican coke.Chips and salsa were good.  I see other reviewers rave about them, but I really thought they were only okay.  La Guanajuatence has a salsa BUFFET w/ fifteen salsas.  You really can't compare the two.Tacos were GREAT.  The tripe taco was the best thing I've eaten yet this year.  It's probably better than anything I ate most of last year.  Crunchy one one side and soft and unctuous on the other.  It was the highlight of my week, seriously.  So so so good.  Everything else was delish as well.  The sope was chewy and thick and cheesy and delicious.  W/ a little of the hot salsa from the chips on top it was just what I needed to top off the meal.Service was awesome.  We were on a tight schedule, let the waitress know this and were in/out w/in thirty minutes of placing our order.I really enjoyed this place and will go again w/out hesitation if we're in the area.That said, since I gave La Guanajuatence five-stars I don't see how I can give this place the same rating.Four Stars from me, but go yourself because it's probably five-stars good.
4	FINALLY! I found good carry-out mexican food in Madison. I usually go to La Hacienda out of old college day habits of seeking cheap cheap cheap mexican food. Lately, I've been seeking something better like I got used to while living in San Diego...Guadalajara was pretty close. I went to Francisco's first, but they were closed on Sundays (they did have a sign in the window "$10 margarita pitchers" so I have a feeling my straw and I will eventually try it out).I got a burrito which was outstanding and only $6. My only complaints were that the cheese was melted on the exterior (making it hard to eat w/o a fork and knife), it was zapped in the microwave (unnecessary if the cheese was placed inside), and the lady was trying to be skimpy on the salsa (I wanted to try it all). Everyone was speaking Spanish, it was extremely quick, the staff was very friendly, all the other food going out looked great, the place seemed clean despite its quirky late night drunken Cabo taco shop appearance and the salsa was really good in my opinion. I can't wait to go back!
5	I just got back and felt it necessary to write this review. I really enjoyed this place. My Latino better half dragged me here, and I couldn't be more grateful. It was this small little place that they obviously added onto to make more room. The brought us to the back, and if it wasn't for all the winter coats, I would have sworn we were in Mexico. Soccer on the TV, barely a word being spoke, but an extremely friendly staff and atmosphere all around. Very clean place with efficient staff. I had 4 tacos and my better half had the sopes. Both of us loved our food (and I am very picky about my tacos), and some apple soda. Free homemade chips and salsa provided was a nice touch. Prices were extremely reasonable, and all in all a great experience. My only critique/suggestion to the restaurant is make sure that the curtain between the kitchen and the hallway that leads to the back is closed. No one likes to see a dirty kitchen (which is why no one comes over to my house!)Definitely looking forward to repeating the experience.    Visited February 2013
5	The food here is hands down, unbelievably delicious... we typically get the chicken or veggie tacos and the chile relleno... and extra chips and salsa please! Whenever we have a hankering for authentic, flavorful, awaken your taste buds food we come here... our toddler loves it too!
4	Taqueria Guadalajara re-opened August 8 after re-modeling due to extensive fire damage.  The layout is the same but everything is new and clean so the place does not have quite the same hole-in-the- wall feel.  It was packed with a diverse clientele and many families out for Sunday dinner.  Service was friendly though slow.  The food was very tasty and portions were ample. My husband had chicken quesadillas, my son chicken tacos and I had the pozole, available on weekends only, and we all enjoyed our dishes.  The noise level is high and tables along the side wall are cramped but overall it was an enjoyable experience.
4	After hearing all the hype about Taqueria Guadalajara my boyfriend and I finally decided to go. It definitely did not disappoint, I would say it is by far the best Mexican food I have had in Madison. I got a pork sopes and a pork guardita. I liked the sopes better all around as the flavors were fresher (had lettuce and tomatoes). However the pork inside the guardita was to die for great flavor but very greasy. Not food I would eat on a regular basis but great to cure that Mexican craving.
4	It was good... possibly great.  Coming from San Diego, it's hard to satisfy my taste, but this place is authentic, especially considering we're in the midwest.  I only had the street tacos, which were great, and yes, you can definitely mess up a dish that only consists of 4 ingredients. It's fast, you get chips and they serve up coke in a bottle.   I'll definitely be back to try out the other dishes; although, there really is no reason to stray away from good tacos.
5	The most authentic Mexican joint in town! What are you waiting for? Cheap and tasty.What's good? everything I've tried on the menu.I love pastor (pork) and Asada (beef) as the meats. They go fabulously with Tacos or Gorditas and the new Sopes!Horchata is the most authentic in town - thick and smooth and lots of cinnamon. New fave bistec con Rajas y Queso - the beef is so good!!I love this place. There are so many Mexicans visiting they have to be authentic! They just reopened a few weeks ago and it's really busy, but just go early/late on weekends or be prepared to wait a little.
5	Back and better than ever! How do you take an already solid place and make it more remarkable?A new sleek space. New furniture! New paint!Stunning... I'm talking stunning stainless steel!A really cool storefront that's a bajillion times better than the old. But what hasn't changed? Still (in my opinion) the most authentic Mexican joint we have in Madison. It's meat on a corn tortilla. With some pico and cilantro. That's what I ate for 7 years, I'm thrilled to keep the tradition alive, and I haven't found anything better in the 608. (People try though... why does everyone want to convince me to keep looking?)
5	My favorite a la carte Mexican restaurant in Madison is back, with a fresh new coat of paint and the same familiar vibe. My favorite dish went up in price and was renamed to Platillo Guadalajara, but it's still the same fatty thin-sliced steak with crispy ends goodness. I like to eat half the plate with corn tortillas and pack the rest away for tomorrow's lunch. It can be fun to watch the kitchen bustle at the counter seats, but you'll definitely leave smelling like tortillas and onions. The spacious room in the back is usually filled with couples and families during lunch on the weekends. Taqueria Guadalajara is on its way to becoming a Madisonian institution.
5	Qualifications:  Resident of San Diego for 4 years, frequenter of Taco Shops.Quick synopsis:  Highly Recommended, great food great prices.  Will go back soon.We had a group of 4 total, one of which is an 11 month old baby, for lunch around 1:30 on a Saturday.  We sat at a table pretty quickly however the 2 baby seats were taken.  By the time were were leaving every available seat was taken.  To start they brought out some chips and salsa.  The chips were regular but the salsa's were home made and fantastic.  There was a red and a picante.  I bought a cup of the picante for $4 to take home, it was pretty much the perfect spiciness.  Between us all we order Chile Relleno, Taco Dinner, Veggie Sopa, Chicken Enchilada, and a Chicken Taco.  My order was the Relleno and for $7 I couldn't expect anything more.  Rice, re-fried beans, lettuce, tomato, the chile, and 5 corn tortillas.  I was really stoked on the tortillas because usually a place only gives you like 2.  Everything on the dish was very good.  I was actually really surprised on how tasty the chile was.  It came with a "traditional red sauce" on it that complimented it really nicely.  I am a pretty big eater and was satisfied after I was done.  My baby had the chicken taco for $2.  She can't talk but we are pretty sure she loved it.  We were really happy that there was something so simple on the menu we could offer her.  I finished off what she didn't eat and I thought the shredded chicken had a great flavor and was tender.  My wife got the taco dinner that came with beans and rice.  It came with 2 tacos carne and pork.  She said she really liked the carne but the pork was pretty standard.  She wanted to specifically note that the tortillas were fantastic, I agree.Mother in law got the Sopa ($3) and Enchilada ($7).  I had a bite of each.  I haven't eaten too much sopa but it was absulutely delishes, I like to call it an open faced tamale.  Her burrito was covered in a green sauce that had quite a nice flavor, you could really taste the pepper in it.  MIL said they were really good and the value for the price was excellent.I wish I could give out fractions of stars because I don't really like giving out 5 unless it totally blows me away.  I would give them at least 4.5 though.  It exceeded our expectations, which started high, and the prices were very good.  The dining area isn't very large so if you have a big group I would probably stay away.  But for a family I think it was perfect.  Nice moderate ambient noise to keep baby happy and great food for dad.
4	TG has risen from the ashes and spread it's wings. New front room, bigger kitchen but same good stuff. Try a bunch of tacos ($2) and a couple of sopes (a $3 pile of awesome) if you like but the steak Platillo Guadalajara ($10) is my favorite. Wash it down with a couple of Negra Modelos and walk away a fan muy contento.
5	Move aside, Chipotle, because I've found my new go-to Mexican place in Madison!After a day of tailgating, my friends and I desperately needed some food in us. Then along came Taqueria Guadalajara (aka I used Yelp). Between four people, we placed an order of their Platillo Guadalajara, the taco dinner (two tacos with meat of your choice, refried beans and rice), the chicken quesadilla and their Huarache Vegetariano. 25 minutes later, our food was ready, packed and good to go. They also included a variety of sauces (the spicy one was absolutely delicious), some guacamole and chips. All for $35 post tip!It was tempting not to eat all the food then and there, as the scent of comfort Mexican food wafted through the air. The moment I arrived home, we immediately tore into the food like fiends, and devoured every last piece within minutes. It was a sickening sight to behold, but oh, was it delicious. The Platillo Guadalajara was definitely the standout, but everything else held their own as well. My stomach actually just rumbled while writing this review. I think it's time to grab some food.
5	I challenge you to find better Mexican food in Madison. Just dined there since it's re-opening and it's only gotten better. Clearly they invested in the infrastructure. The salsa got even better and they will sell it if you want to put it on everything you have at home. (guilty)It's authentic and flavorful. Squeeze limes on everything like its your job. Ask for more salsa because it's that delicious. The torta can easily feed two & is crisped to perfection. My partner in crime had the tacos and left none standing. Everyone was silent as they dined. So glad you're back taqueria!There isn't a lot of seating, so I'd be careful during peak hours. TOTALLY worth the wait. (And easy on your pocketbook!)
4	I visited this place for an event showcasing other local South Madison eatery's and I am definitely a fan.  I actually cannot believe that I have not been here before.  The food is fantastic!  I ordered the tacos with rice and beans, so simple but so good.  The meat was really tender and well seasoned.  I should also mention that the chips and salsa pre-taco were also really good; you are given two options, one with kick and one without.  Both options were really good.  I look forward to coming back to this place and trying many things on the well sized and well priced menu.
5	Moved here from Southern California where there is absolutely no shortage of amazing Mexican food. THIS is Mexican food done right. The service was also exceptional. Overall, this place wins - hands down - best in Madison.
3	I'm ok with this place. I've actually only gone here a couple times after the rebuild after the fire damage. The food is quite good ranging from average to above average. It's light years ahead of some of the guck I had earlier from Fuzzy's Taco Shop yet I can't say I'd drive here over similar neighborhood tastes like El Pastor or La Hacienda. The reason this place won't get stars higher with me is honestly trhe seating and noise. It feels like I'm in some kind of lunch room in High School all over again when there are more people there. Everyone seems friendly and the servers are friendly but its strange for me to have a meal with people at my elbows that I don't know. The other issue I've come across there is cleanliness ranging from strange things floating in the water to finding a rubber band in the salsa.. It looked like something to just tie jalapenos or tomatos-not a hair band..but still.. I'm sure curiosity will drive me back here again in the future or will venture into a delivery option sometime again.
4	Ate here in Sept while searching for the best Mexican food in Madison...the search stopped here, this has to be it!Ordered takeout and the place was packed. While Sitting in the front waiting for my food, I was able to see the work the cooks put into their food. Everything was fresh and made to order.  We ordered a chicken quesadilla which was outstanding.  Moist fresh chicken with cheese, guacamole, lettuce salad and sour cream. Really was a meal in itself. My wife had chicken tacos which were very good according to her. I went with a beef Chimichanga.  While the flavor of the chimichanga was good, it was fairly greasy. Something of a guilty pleasure really and it is HUGE!  This was accompanied with chips and salsa that weren't bad either. Overall my eyes were bigger than my stomach. Pricing was good I thought for the quality you get. Will be a stop often for me on my drives North. Recommend.
4	When my friend sent me the link below, I was oh so upset as this place was closed after a fire. It is now open. I've never watched Rachel Ray, but I think that woman knows something--and she sure loves to eat. And apparently, she loves this place.http://www.rachaelraymag.com/fun-how-to/food-travel/food-trip-advice/best-tacos-in-the-country/Rachel ranked this place in the top ten for best tacos in the Midwest. I'll say best tacos I've had in Madison. Seating? Crappy. I felt like I was almost in my neighbor's lap. Noise level? Not a place for conversation. Wait time on a Friday night in July? Frickin huge. Best tacos you've eaten in Madison? Yes.
5	Went here in hopes of having a good pozole rojo, but it was a Tuesday and they only make pozole during the weekend. Instead I was torn between the flauta dinner and the enchiladas verdes. I asked the server which she preferred and she actually offered to serve me a plate with one flauta and one enchailada just so that I could enjoy both! Super attentive and really knew how to please the customer. She also refilled my chips and salsa which were great for snacking. I really enjoyed the chile verde on the enchilada and overall the dish was very good. I also ordered their champurrado which was delicious and perfect for a cold winter day. Can't wait to go back!
5	Good Mexican food is hard to find in the Midwest, but you can find some here. The corn tortillas are made fresh, which makes a world of difference. The salsa is spicy, and the pastor and carne asada tacos are what you should get. They also offer classic Mexican dishes like mole, chile relleno, and menudo and pozole on the weekend. Tacos are served Mexico City street taco style with only chopped onions and cilantro on top. The only thing I don't really like about Taqueria Guadalajara is that the entrance opens onto the kitchen, which feels really weird. Dining room is in the back.
5	The best Mexican food around. Period. Carne asada tacos are great. The refried beans, while they look the same as any other restaurant's, are probably the best I've ever had.
3	Was really disappointed. The place was messy the service sometimes there or not and the food was one dimentional. Menudo soup need the cilantro and onions that were on the side to give it some  spark.The Platillo Guadalajara was good but easily be made at home better. Fresh items with not much herbs or spices added to them.The only good thing was the Horchata that was perfectly sweet and spiced.Hopefully just the items I chose. The nacho looked amazing. Steve L. better check them out.
1	Terrible with vegetarian requests. I've been there twice, ordered a vegetarian meal twice, and found chicken pieces in my meal halfway through... Twice.
3	I was in Madison last week to visit my niece, and we went here for dinner. I had a chicken mole, which was pretty good, especially the mole sauce, however was a bit disappointed by the service. Maybe it was because it was on the later side and our waiter was ready to leave for the night, but both my niece and I felt a bit rushed. If we were going to come back another time, I'd definitely come a little earlier. But as far as the food goes, it was pretty good.
5	I'm so glad Madison has real Mexican food! And Guadalajara does it well. Cheap prices, cane sugar sodas, Mexican cable channel blaring, an open kitchen so you can actually see them cooking your food, and a friendly atmosphere. We ordered lunch to go and it was delicious. Their house marinated pork is AMAZING. The chicken enchiladas are also very tasty. Guadalajara is also open quite late, which is great if you ever get those late night munchies.The waitress also seemed incredibly capable and on top of things. I see a lot of complaints about the service of this place, but I was honestly impressed. Considering the restaurant was kinda packed, we received great service for being to go customers. We were greeted with a friendly welcome, and she even gave us chips and salsa while we were waiting to take home our order. I usually don't tip when I get take out, but I couldn't help it after seeing the waitress handle everything so swiftly and elegantly. I guess I just have a soft spot for hard-working, capable waitresses :)I didn't get to try the tamales this time, but I saw some people buying them by the gallon-size bag and they looking delicious. I'll have to get tamales next time...
5	I love guad. Had a vegetarian huarache and some refried beans and rice and was just the happiest camper. I would say this is authentic, significantly better than any chain Mexican restaurant. Unfortunately I can see this becoming a weekly delivery order. (Side note: I've only ordered delivery and never actually been there.) (second side note: mild salsa is amazing and the guac is ever so spicy.)
5	I have been a regular customer in this establishment since 2009. It is unfortunate that it has closed down because of a fire a while ago, but yes, it came back and the quality is still as good as before. Although the price went up a little bit after it reopened, the decor and ambiance has improved by many levels. The service is usually pretty fast. We had huarache and three tacos. Yummy. This is one of the best affordable, fast, yet delicious places for a budget foodie like me. By the way, I don't know if other Mexican restaurant in town serve the soup "menudo" or not, but they do! The portion is huge. I suggest sharing it with a group of people, otherwise you may end up not able to finish it like us.
4	If you like Mexican food this is the place. inexpensive too.
5	As many have noted, their roast pork is absolutely delicious. Be sure to order at least 1 of your sope, gordita, or taco order with the pork. So flavorful and moist.The gorditas were better than the tacos, in my opinion. Corn tortillas were a little chewy for us, but the gorditas had a nice crispy exterior with the cheese and refried beans which add to the flavour.Also had a burrito, which is really good as well. Not quite as much meat as I would have preferred, but the variety of ingredients within does provide a good flavor profile.Overall it's relatively inexpensive, very flavorful, and efficient service.
4	Horchata is awesome! Food is good. Great prices! The place is always packed during lunch, so its not a place to go to if you are in a hurry.
4	Food is good and reasonably priced. Just look at all the photos posted here!  The staff is very pleasant. We were very pleased with the service.  I was afraid they couldn't accommodate a party if 6 because the place looks so tiny from the front, but there is a decent (small sized) dining room in the rear.
5	The tamales are fantastic and the staff is great!
5	Delicious, authentic cooking at a GREAT price!
5	Damn good food. Not greasy. Nor over spiced. Simple. The service was chaotic but the food more than made up for it. I would def recommend.
4	This is a busy little place for good reason. The food is always fine, the service fast and friendly, and the prices are nice
4	We ordered from here for my wife's dissertation defense and it hit the spot! We ordered 10 chicken flautas, 10 tacos dorados, and 10 tacos (beef n chicken) plus some chips n guacamole. They were prepared with care and hot. The sides were individually packed. And the chili and quac tasted just like grandma used to make. While they don't have a catering menu - they are definitely worth ordering from for your next party!When I went to pick up the order I was surprised to see that they totally remodeled and the back of the restaurant was bigger! We will be back no doubt!
5	I love this place and for a while when they closed down after the fire I was so sad thinking that is it for my favorite mexican food place. Heaved a sigh of relief when they re-opened, and boy, were they popular! They weeks right after the re-opening saw huge crowds even after they expanded their sitting area. You can tell this place is authentic by the sheer number of mexican diners ~~The moment you get seated they will start you off with water and tortilla chips with salsa while you look over the menu and wait for your food.Love their huarache and their tortas. And the grilled cactus plate. Well you could hardly go wrong with mexican grilled meat, potatoes, fresh salsa and avocado/guacamole etc. And these are all made to perfection!If you visit on weekends, they have the menudo, a soup with beef tribe (stomach). Caution: The serving for that is humongous! Probably that alone will fill you up, so if you are going to order something else in addition, might be a good idea to split the soup with your group. I can't stop going on and on about this place. Their service is awesome for such a busy eatery. The waitresses are always smiling and friendly and service is prompt. If you like, you can also sit at the counter area where you can watch the chefs grilling the meat as you munch away on yours =)
4	I think this is the best place in Madison for Mexican food. I could be wrong but there really arent that many places and this one is pretty darn good.
2	I guess I went to a different restaurant than everyone else because Taqueria Guadalajara had nothing great going for them! It is small and loud to start with, but that is easy to get over in exchange for banging food.  We had six of us dining and we all ordered something different.  We were all very disappointed as the food was bland and just not very good.  The service wasn't great either as half of the table received their food quite a while before the other half.  I have to say after reading the reviews, I was excited to try this place and hopefully find a decent place for Mexican food in Madison..I guess I will keep looking...
5	Great place to eat! We catered from them too and they delivered great food for our party.
4	Lets just say that this place has the best Mexican in Madison.
5	This is hands down the best Mexican restaurant in Madison - and I have tried most of them.The vegetarian tacos are delicious, and you can get the taco dinner (2 tacos, rice, and beans) for only two dollars. Their salsa is also delicious.I will quickly become a regular here - I can't believe it took me so long to find this place!
5	I highly recommend this place.  Tied for most authentic Mexican restaurant in town.  Prices are great and never had anything bad.  I will be a bit more adventurous and get the beef tongue next time.  They provide two salsas.  Both are good.  They are slightly stingy on how much they pour but will pour more for you.   One minor knock is that the way the main dining area is built it can be a bit loud from the various conversations.  I almost knocked the rating to 4 for that reason.   I choose not to because I don't expect it to be easy to converse here.  Meaning, not a great place for an I'm getting to know you date.
4	Everything you could want from a small Mexican restaurant. No frills and amazing food prepared quickly and for a good price. Love it!
4	Fast and friendly service.  Clean and affordable.  I had the carne asada and pastor Tacos and a side of Orden de cebollitas cambray.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish the taco meat had been better seasoned.  The pastor was not bad, but the steak was very bland.  Everyone I was with seemed pleased with their meal and my husband said we could come back for sure (he is kind of picky). He had the steak quesadilla plate.
5	Oh my goodness....I love love love this place!! I've been trying to find good enchiladas and chile relleno since I moved and came to Wisconsin and they have both. The food was hot and fresh. The staff were friendly and helpful. My husband enjoyed the steak tacos. They give you two types of salsa with tortilla chips when you are seated ...one was very hot but both were tasty. Qdoba, Chipotle are fast food compared to this place and I can't even go in those places with a straight face after going to this Taqueria. I will definitely be returning!!
5	Awesome food.  Nice people.  Recommended.
4	Great prices that can't be beat! We paid $13 before tip which included 2 dinners and beer. Don't let the small size fool you either - there's plenty of seating in back and it's usually busy with locals who have discovered this hidden gem.
5	Absolutely fantastic food! I had the chimichanga with steak and my husband had the burrito Mexicano. Both were very good and I don't think I've ever had a better chimichanga in my life! The horchada is also very creamy and flavorful. Our new Mexican restaurant favorite!
4	Very good. Good service. Authentic Mexican fare. Very, very casual.  Ignore the 2star reviews and just go. You will be glad you did.
5	I come from California, so I've had my fair share of excellent Mexican food, and Taqueria Guadalajara is definitely on par with some of the best Mexican food I've had.My favorite item here is straightforward: steak tacos. Fresh, soft corn tortillas packed with fresh seasoned steak, onions, cilantro, and lime. It's heaven, plain and simple. Their other meats are of course excellent as well, chicken and chorizo are my other favorites, but seriously, I wouldn't mind only eating their steak tacos for the rest of my life. Would also recommend a horchata to go along with your meal. Many places in California are guilty of diluting their horchatas, but not in Wisconsin! Ever since finding out about this place, I now go every week, usually twice when I'm desperate, and always sit at the counter. Always amazing service, and amazing food. Will continue to go here every week while I'm in Madison.
5	Best Mexican food in Madison by far! Food is always top notch (try the chimichanga, you won't regret it). Great atmosphere if your eating in. Staff is always very helpful and friendly. Highly recommended!
5	Went there again and the refried beans did not taste like I remembered. I think they changed up the recipe. Everything else was still solid though.
5	Yet another gem from a Madison Hole in the Wall restaurant. The Platillo Guadalajara was my prime choice and I was not disappointed. The price is very affordable and the service was very good. Definitely gets my vote for best Mexican restaurant in Madison!
1	Average.  First of all, I went to the Taqueria Guatalahara that everyone in Madison raves about.  Because I was dining by myself, I was offered the counter.  I asked for a table and you would think I was asking for a free meal.  After being escorted to a dirty table in the back with previous occupant's drink wet rings on the table and a menu plopped down as the snotty biotch started talking to other customers, I discovered they don't have margaritas and plus, you have to spend $10 to use a credit card,  I got up and left.   I arrived at la Hacienda determined to get Mexican food.  It's authentic.  The staff is authentic. I know, having travelled a lot to Mexico.  There was more staff working for pennies than customers.  Okay there were only about three tables of customers there.  I ordered and within 3 minutes, my dinner was in front of me.  Again, it's not the American version you get as "tex-mex" but it is what you get in Mexico.
5	God bless this restaurant. I thought good Mexican food didn't exist in Madison...then I realised I was talking to people who thought a to-remain-nameless local tex mex chain was "pretty great" "Mexican" "food." and then I found Taqueria Guadalajara, and my life hasn't been the same since. They have super friendly and fast service, insanely good prices, cute decor, and amaaaaazing food. They are super busy on weekends so prepare for a wait but it will be worth it! Try the pozole, available only on weekends. It's incredibly soothing and satisfying, the perfect cold weather and/or hangover cure. They also have the best horchata in town. Taqueria Guadalajara forever!!!!
5	Yes. Not even a question.
3	Their chips they served were lackluster and there wasn't enough salsa. My taco was fantastic, but the gordita was not good. I was just disappointed.
5	Great food, great service & a nice clean dining area! I would definitely go back when I'm in town!
5	Why isn't there 10 stars?     GREAT food.  Authentic.  The food is priced for an average budget !   Clean,  fast service.  friendly.   We go at least once a week --
4	Great pork tamales, and if you haven't yet, try the huaraches. Seating is good for couples and small 4-6 groups. It's definitely a lot quieter and quicker service around 8:30/9pm past the dinner rush. But service in general is good.My only reservation is that TWICE now I've found hairs (embedded/baked in) inside my pork tamales. This is over several visits so it's not a very common occurrence. But 2 times is probably 2 too many.My rating is a testament to the food quality aside from the occasional hair. Worth a try for more genuine Mexican cuisine.
5	We had a party of 22 that I made a reservation for, not realizing how small the restaurant is. While they couldn't guarantee that they'd have a table ready, they were able to seat ALL of us within ten minutes, and even added chairs for a few add-ons. The service was impeccable; one server managed to take care of our tables seemingly effortlessly. Everyone got their food at the same time. No mistakes. Deliciousness ensued. It was a wonderful dinner. Some of the best service and food we've had in Madison. I will definitely, definitely be going back.
3	Not as impressed as I wanted to be. I tried this place on two separate occasions because of the great yelp reviews and getting well ranked in the Annual Manual. I just wasn't a fan. Had tacos one time and huaraches the next but both times I felt it something was lacking.
4	Been here twice and it's awesome and authentic. Same top quality as Los Gemelos on State. Tender steak is what makes or breaks it for me and the steak is delicious and tender. It's small and cramped seating though, so I'll take away one star for that.
5	Some of the best Mexican food for some of the greatest prices.
3	I didn't have the same experience as all these rave-reviews.  The food came fast and the wait staff were polite but the food was distinctly average and bland.  Not good or bad, just meh. I've had better and will likely go elsewhere for my next Mexican food craving.
5	"Mexican food" is such a loose term in Madison. Some people think that Pedro's or Laredos are good places to find the elusive, delicious and authentic fare but they'd be wrong. If I can hear the staff speaking in mostly English then I know the food won't be what I'm looking for. If my tacos come with lettuce, tomato, and sour cream then I'm looking for the nearest salida.Taqueria Guadalajara is hands-down the best place to find authentic and tasty Mexican food. They do it right: fast, friendly service, authentic meals and a very reasonable, if not underpriced, price point. This place is a home run and it's somewhat unassuming from the outside. I haven't had a single item from the menu that didn't make me want to keep eating. This place is the epitome of Mexico. Come here and eat some good food but don't be "that guy" and order flour tortillas. That's what Taco Bell is for.
4	I was excited that they served taco de lengua beside taco de pastor which is a common type of tacos. The salsa sauces were perfect to me. I really like the spicy one but not for mi amigos mexicanos. Lol  only complaint is they didn't serve a lot of pieces of lime same as in Mexico,  it's just small piece of it on the plate and that is not enough for the real tastes of Mexican foods.I also had sopa de pozole. It's tasier than when I had in Mexico, maybe bcoz of the well prepared broth. The ambient was just right. It made me think of the taco places in Mexico. All in all, I definitely recommend u guys for this place if u feel like going out of the American atmosphere for an hour. :)
4	I think authentic pretty well sums it up. This spot has excellent basic Mexican staples, is affordable, and probably rocks it out for best Mexican in Madison. Very different atmosphere from La Mestiza, which is typically quiet and more private. This place is bustling and loud; great for groups. The tacos were delicious, served on double corn tortillas (good move). Chips and salsa were so-so (Mestiza much better). Odd thing: soft drinks served in individual cans, not as fountain beverage (not a huge fan). But overall, where it counts-- for an entree, this place was the bomb.
5	I've been here for the past 7 years of my life at least once a week. I never learned how much I should appreciate this food until they closed for a few months. I've had everything in the menu from A-Z. Some items were better than others of course, but they all satisfied my expectations. Let it also be known that I have high standards when it comes to food.
5	How have I not reviewed my favorite Madison Mexican joint?This place is sooo good.  Free salsa and chips? Check. A nice assortment of Mexican Brews? Check.  Fresh Tamales? Check. The only thing they are missing is Margaritas. I swear you could order your food and have it served in the time its takes Univision to do a commercial break.  They are that fast.  I had never had a huarache before coming here.  Now the Huarache Mexicano is my go to.  My gf loves the burritos.  Their tacos al pastor are a lesson in simple awesomeness.  I actually came here up talk up their chicken chimichanga.  I was hungover and wanted some comfort food that only The Taqueria could offer.  I had heard the chimis were awesome but I never got around to trying the deep fried goodness.  Oh My God was it great.  It was cheesy fried awesome.   I don't want to know how many calories are in a deep fried chicken burrito.  The worst part about my last visit is now I know I like deep fried chicken burritos.  I didn't need to know that.  I was perfectly fine with regular burritos. Oh Well.
5	Simply the best ever.
5	Best authentic Mexican around! And you can't beat the low prices. My go-to for Mexican.
5	Best Mexican food in town. This place is authentic. Don't settle for any of the chain "Mexican" restaurants. The prices are cheap too.
4	If you want to eat REAL Mexican food, visit Taqueria Guadalajara. It's a tiny space with an open kitchen. Sit at the front counter if you can, so you can enjoy the full cultural experience. We've visited several times, but I'll focus on my most recent visit. It was Saturday lunch. We arrived just prior to 11:30, after having been to indoor cycling class earlier that morning, so we were starving for an early lunch. Good thing we arrived when we did, as the place was completely packed 10 minutes after we arrived.I ordered the huarache el Paisano, which is refried beans, a piece of grilled cactus, fried onions, green salsa, melted cheese and topped with lettuce, tomato, avocado and sour cream. It's an entire platter of food for only $7. The steak version of this dish is also $7, so they keep the prices very reasonable.Service was super friendly and fast. I also enjoyed a Mexican Coca-Cola.Do yourself a favor and visit this authentic Mexican restaurant on Park St.
4	I can see why this place is loved. They make their food with love. It's authentic alright. I still prefer Casa del Sol and Laredo's any day tho. The salsa is tasty but full of chunks and the really hot salsa is just that, reallllllllllly hot. Too hot to enjoy. But the chimichanga and the steak quesadilla were delicious. Juicy, shredded chicken, buttery quesadilla, great guacamole for only $2! Just watch out for bones in the chicken. I crunched into a large one. Almost made me lose my appetite. Food was too good to stop eating tho. I decided not to mention the bone because I just wanted to have a good time without any drama. I'm not afraid to mention it here tho, just as a warning to you all. Chew carefully and enjoy!
5	This place is so good! Very authentic and great prices! I had the chicken chimichanga which was awesome. It came with rice, beans, and pico on the side and it was plenty of food for one person. My friends had the beef tacos and they also looked amazing with just the right amount of cilantro. Just make sure you ask for cheese if you like cheese on tacos like I do.I would defiantly eat here again and for the cheap price why not!
1	Ordered a grilled steak burrito for delivery and when I got it there was no steak.  The delivery service (Eats24) contacted the restaurant and said for sure there was steak in the burrito... so I guess the customer who's eating it is wrong!  What a joke, food was at best average otherwise.  Won't recommend this place to anyone.
4	Really good tacos and salsa.  Nothing too special about the place.  I've dined in and gotten delivery.Will get it again, no doubt.
5	Good Mexican food is hard to come by in Madison.I had lost all hope when I visited multiple "Mexican" restaurants and they put velveeta cheese on everything.  Then I ate at Taqueria Guadalajara and I am so happy that I did!  The food is amazing, the staff is friendly and welcoming, and I am happy to report that they use non-synthetic cheese. Score!I usually get the Burrito Mexicano or chicken tacos, but anything on the menu is sure to satisfy you and won't break your budget.  I feel like I need to get a burrito right now after writing this review! Luckily they do take-out.  :)
5	Best Mexican food in Madison. Very clean atmosphere and friendly staff! I recommend the Tortas!
5	We had a really good dinner here and will definitely be back. It is a small place, but there is seating in the back, so do try it. We were there early and got right in, but it was filling up by the time we left. I had the chicken enchiladas verde and my dining companion had the burrito mexicana. Prior to our entrees they brought us chips and two different salsas. I am a fan of heat, so I loved them both, but the hotter of the two maybe too intense for some. Our dinners came with rice and beans, and they there both delicious! Everyone that waited on us was pleasant and cordial. After we got there we noticed they prefer cash because of the service charge, and I felt bad we only had a card. Note to self next time bring cash. I love frequenting local places, and this is one we will definitely be back to. Tasty, flavorful food and good prices.
4	Food was good. Somewhat of a cramped building. Menu isn't extensive, but food was pretty good.
