1	I have not even set foot in the store and I never will. I flew down to Arizona a few weeks ago to visit my really good friend Dani. She'd just gotten engaged, so we made an appointment to go look at dresses. I called to set it up, and the lady didn't even ask my name or anything. Then I realized I'd forgotten if she said 1:30 or 11:30. So I called back. They had no record of me. I rescheduled for 1:30 on a Saturday. STILL DIDN'T ASK FOR A NAME! Again it was a very short conversation.The bride and I were kind of put off. Then we emailed them, hoping to get someone who wasn't the receptionist. NEVER HEARD BACK. We emailed 2 days after our "appointment" and said we didn't feel like calling to cancel because they couldn't even respond to us, or care who we were! No response!! Not even an apology or a manager stepping in. We found a few other places around to browse, but it really killed our buzz. Needless to say she won't buy from there, and I'm never traveling for them again!
5	Went shopping for a dress last minute! Went to Arizona bridal, they were fantastic! The sales person was very friendly and accommodating! The have a large variety of dresses and have plenty in each size. Found a wonderful gown for a GREAT price! This place is absolutely no pressure, they helped me try one a zillion dresses which was unusual and were very helpful, they didn't seem rushed! Great place to go for a dress!! YAY
5	I love this store. I found it via google for my sister because it was locally owned and operated. She loved it so much, she took me there first after I got engaged. They were able to squeeze me in without an appointment on a Saturday and the saleswoman was full of so many good ideas. She helped me with so many little touches/alterations that I could make to my dress that made it totally my own. She even respected my wishes not to spend a fortune and found me EIGHT dresses (that matched my desired look) to try on under $500! She even fetched an array of different veils, sashes, and brooches and helped me come up with some really good ideas to make my dress a little more conservative without looking matronly. I have never received such lovely service in my life. No joke. I recommended this store to a handful of people already!
1	I've been looking all over the valley for a wedding dress, evening gown, or bridesmaid dress. I'm getting married this October. I prefer not to wear white, therefore, I've been trying on burgundy and/or apple red evening gowns and bridesmaid dresses. It's been extremely difficult to find a dress anywhere in the valley with any kind of sleeve. Stores will advertise beautiful dresses with a sleeve, then you call, and no one ever has them in stock. This store advertises themselves to be the "sleeve specialist". They show you a video on their website and explain how they carry all sorts of wedding and formal gowns with sleeves. The tutorial by the owner goes on to explain how when she got married, she could not find a dress with sleeves and decided to open her own store. I thought this was going to be the place for me being this store is suppose to specialize in dresses with sleeves. NOT! I drove from Peoria to Mesa to find my dress here. In this entire store, in the bridal section, in a size range of 3 sizes, there were 2 total dresses with sleeves. In the formal gowns / party dresses / bridesmaid, there were a total of 4 dresses with sleeves and they were ugly. I was really let down. You can not advertise yourself to be a store that specializes in dresses with sleeves and not have any. A huge waste of my drive. They had a very small section of bridesmaid/evening gowns. Not worth the drive at all for those kinds of dresses. I dislike false advertising and felt very mislead by their website.
1	Horrible.  Shop was unbearably hot.  Dress were ALL size 6 tall.  Sales staff seemed disengaged.  Only our party and another party in shop on Saturday.  Both left very unhappy with experience.  Ran into the other party at Suzanne's in Gilbert the next day.  Both parties bought gowns at Suzanne's and shared our bad experience with Arizona Bridal.  My daughter 4'11".  Her daughter 5'7".  Neither could get a satisfactory picture of a gown from a size 6 tall sample.
4	I discovered this group of ladies at the bridal expo over the weekend. I have a great experience given that it was so crazy with a bunch of eager brides all wanting to try on dresses. I found my dress and they were so friendly and sweet and not to mention they gave me a great price! I got a free veil and I cant wait to go pick it out. Thank you Marissa for your help :)
1	If I could give 0 stars I would!  My daughter's prom was after most other ones nearby.  We went here because it was recommended.  BAD IDEA!! She is a size 16.  Certainly not out of the ordinary! Their selection was small.  She found 1 she liked, but it was too big.  Since I know nothing about it, I trusted the saleswoman when she said alterations would be simple.  So we bought it "all sales final".  We knew of a tailor who is good and trustworthy.  When we showed up for the fitting the tailor was shocked!  It was a good 10 inches too big!  She would have to completely rebuild the bodice!  Since all sales are final, we could waste it and get a new dress, or pay for the alterations.  So we got the alterations... Which DOUBLED the cost of the dress!  (and I strongly suspect the seamstress gave us a break because we got fooled so badly by this store!).  Bottom line:  BE VERY CAUTIOUS!!! If the dress is not perfect, don't BUY HERE!!!
