3	Very good mexican food, very hard to see at night. The tortilla soup is thin like I like a huge portion with mounds of chicken and vegetables. It is like a chicken veggie soup with tortilla strips and avocado and sour cream . It is good, the tortillas are good. Good food!
4	We love this restaurant. It's a family-owned place and you always feel welcome. The food is excellent, especially compared to On the Border, etc.Order the guacamole.A tad pricey but it's North Scottsdale, so what do we expect?
4	Good mexican food in a northern scottsdale?  oxymoron. But seriously, not bad.  Definitely not half as good as the mexican travel trailer stomach-ache-for-weeks food, but certainly better quality.  To start, our server was absolutely fantastic, bringing chips and salsa right away and making great suggestions.  Being new to the joint, we had no idea what to order with the humongous menu, so he kindly pointed us in the right direction. Pretty good (and pretty strong :):):)  margaritas to start with, though i'd opt next time for rocks vs frozen (super icy - good if thats your style).  My guy took our waiters word and got the pollo fundito --- AMAZING.  ridiculous flavor but not overdone at all, certainly would recommend it to anyone and everyone.  I unfortunately was indecisive as usual, so i went for the choose two, going with the steak tacos and chicken flautas.  Pretty good, pretty fresh, but honestly nothing super special and kinda lacked in flavor.  Good portions, fresh food, great service, and comfortable atmosphere.  I'll be goijng back, but i'll be sticking to the specials.
2	This place used to be quite good but I think they may have had an ownership change recently.  Over the past 12 months or so we have seen the quality of the food and service level both drop to unacceptable levels.The food is overall average - the fajitas down right poor and the drinks very inconsistent.  They do get somewhat busy with a bar crowd but that too seems inconsistent so when they do get busy the service gets very bad.When service deteriorates the Manager (or owner, I'm not sure) seems to hide from customers. Overall, make the trip down to Shea Blvd and find much better at better prices.
2	This place was not impressive.  Went in on a Monday night.  It was deader than disco.  With that being said, it took 15 minutes and twice to ask the hostess "where is our server"  After that, the service was great and they even offered us a free dessert.  I ordered the mahi mahi tacos which were good but RIDICULOUSLY overpriced.  There couldn't be more than 3 oz's of fish on the plate.  For $17 I expect more than 2 bites of fish.  My sister ordered the fajitas which she said weren't great.  Overall, I'd never go back there again.  I rather travel 2 miles more down the road and get Rubio's.  I know my Mexican food and this place is a giant N Scottsdale RIPOFF!
4	We eat here at least twice a month. The food is very good and we like that it is consistent. The staff is great. Prices are fair and it is very family friendly.
4	I have only been here once;  it was the friday after thanksgiving at like 3pm.  It was really dead, but I did notice some good happy hour prices!  I really enjoyed the atmosphere;  they have music playing that just leaves you happy.  There are some other reviews on bad service... but the my server was way on top of things!  It was really dead inside, so maybe that had something to do with it.  I ordered a cheese crisp with guac for an app, and the mini meal (i forget the name of it).  The crisp was good.  I loved the meal though!  You get 2 mini tacos, tamales, flautas, chimichangas, and tastadas.  I loved the variety and you got a little of everything (which i love).   The food itself was really good and fresh!  I got a margarita and it was a bit stiff, and delicious.  :)  I would definitely come back here again if I am in the area.  I would like to try some of the other food and see if it is just as good as the mini's.   The only complaint i have (for my one time), is that it is a tad pricey for what you get.  I guess that's what you get for having a restaurant in Scottsdale.
2	If you desire good Mexican food, eXit-Tapa Joe's immediately.  While service is friendly and polite, and the bar'TV setting is nice, the food reminds us of our trip to the themed restaurants at Disney World.  Bland and boring is saying something nice -- though even that's a stretch.
2	Nice little Mexican joint in North Scottsdale - puff puff pass please wink!  Literally, just pass.  Parking is limited for such large place so I wonder what happens during rush hour, or maybe they didn't expect any rush!  The food - tacos, nachos, chimichungas, etc....nothing too impressive, but I can't say I was dissatisfied.  I didn't expect much so I wasn't too disappointed.  I ordered a couple of drinks and maybe I should have ordered more to drown out the sorrow of this experience!  Our service was good at least I can say, but then again we were one of the two customers around :(  - Enjoy...or not.
2	One of the most bland Mexican meals I have ever had. Great menu. Nice staff, but my family had 4 different dishes and we all agreed it was never worth returning to.
3	Excellent Margaritas, Food pretty good too! Lack Mexican Ambiance, like having a mexican meal at a CPK. Nice Patio, Id go back for the Margaritas for sure. Excellent Service and very nice.
3	Good food and good portions. The atomsphere wasn't that great. Not sure how the drinks were because I just had water. Staff not that friendly.
1	The decor is contempory Mexican and it was packed when my wife and I got there just before the end of Happy Hour.  Ordered 2 Chile Rellinos on a dinner serving, a Chicken enchilladsa, and a green chile burro.  After a LONG wait, one a la carte chile rellino arrived with some chicken tostados andno burro.  The server disappeared and after 5 minutes came back and noticed we weren't eating our meal...and we told him they had delivered  the wrong things.  He check his order and took them away.  About 10 minutes later the correct things arrived.  While the portions are generous...the food is VERY BLAND.  Probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had.  Oh...the salsa and chips before the meal were good and the small older busboy was very hard working and pleasant.  There are many places better than this place.  Very disappointing.
1	Here's a thought, don't post on the door to your restaraunt "Up scale Mexican Food" unless you can prove it.  This was not upscale, it was barely pass-able  as decent.  Didn't help that the waitress got both of our orders wrong.  Will not return.
4	We've been going here for 5 years and have never had a bad experience.  The food is good, the drinks are tasty, and as someone else described, the restaurant is spacious yet intimate.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is that I think it's a bit overpriced.  The prices for the a la carte menu seem appropriate for two of a particular item but you only get one.  Also, while it says "upscale mexican food" on the door, I don't think this is accurate.  We very much enjoy the food, but it is your standard Mexican menu.  Their red sauce is delish!
1	Had a gift certificate here so we decided to try it out - the bean & cheese dip was bland and the cheese was shredded, not even melted.  The waiter was not very helpful and questioned everything we asked for.  For my meal, I ordered the Pollo Fundido, which was sub par with overly dry chicken in the center.  My boyfriend ordered the Mini Many More which consisted of mini chimis, mini tacos, mini tostadas.... The outside was soggy, the meat on the inside was dry, guac was very scary looking... For how much food you receive in a order (even for the appetizers) it's such a disappointment to look at how much goes to waste, all because it's so bland & boring... We kept commenting on how disappointed Chef Ramsey would be if he ever came to visit, not to mention our surprise at how X-Tapa's has stayed in business in such a high-end neighborhood.
2	Eh. Our waiter got our order wrong, and pretended not to notice. We had to ask for water refills twice. Really... Not great service. The food was pretty good, but nothing special enough to justify a fairly meatless, $12. steak quesadilla. (a la carte) There has to be better options around north Scottsdale... Find them.
5	When we want a casual, laid-back, quick place to gab a bite, (or order take-out), we go to Xtapas. The staff is friendly and speedy. There are actually a lot of healthy options as well,( which is something not so easy to find at a MX restaurant). Great place to watch a game-(& never too crowded).
4	At first I thought this might be another 5 star - but I really save them for the very best of the best! The service was very good - it could have been a few minutes faster, but that's really cutting hairs. The bathrooms were the cleanest I've seen anywhere and according to the women in the party - their bathroom even had a live plant - pretty cool I guess. We assumed they didn't have one in the men's room because of the potential little boy peeing in it!The chips and salsa were good - some liked the cooler side of the salsa - others liked the hot dip - I preferred to dip in the hot sauce and then into the cooler one - let's call it mild!We ordered the Mini Many More, which was enough for the entire party of four. We also ordered the Tapas Pie - again enough for four. A Taco Salad with chicken and a Classic Fajita with steak and shrimp - recommended by our waitress "Elizabeth" - who was by far one of the very best!All the food was good, but it was a bit on the bland side - not bad, but certainly not 5 star worthy. A little more salt would have kicked up the flavor, but it wouldn't have done much for the spice we were hoping for.They did sport a large selection of beer and Elizabeth helped my wife pick out a new wine, which I guess was good because she finished it all. Plenty of parking, the entire place was clean and the decor was perfect for an up-scale Mexican establishment. Only drawback was the lack of spice!
3	For Mexican food, X-Tapa Joe's just isn't very good.  A nice ambiance and excellent service make this place a good stop for a beer or two, but in terms of the food it is just so-so.
4	This restaurant is NOT closed! I ate there today. Food is still good; prices reasonable; staff and management are friendly. Comfortable casual atmosphere. TVs with sports on. A big plus for owners of plug-in cars is that there are 2 public chargers right in the parking lot. I wish all restaurants had car chargers.
1	I went here before it closed and when I went it was so disgusting. I ordered tortilla soup and the soup tasted bad. On top of that they put a scoop of sour cream in my soup. How gross is that? I don't remember what I ordered becuase it was so long ago but whatever it was, it was dry and tasteless. Im shocked that they re opened. I bet the food is still shitty. Honestly, I hope they close down again but this time for good. I will never go back.
1	We really wanted this place to be good since they reopened because it is close to home.  Perhaps we made bad food choices or it could have been an off night but we were very disappointed.  The fish tacos had small chunks of greasy fish in an oily taco with a little cabbage in the bottom.  The tomato salsa on the side did not help.  Black beans on the side were dry, flavorless and undercooked.  The pork carnitas special ($19.99) were very tough and chewy and the re-fried beans served with it had absolutely no flavor.  Most of our food was left on the plate.  The server was excellent and the chips were good but this does not make up for the bad food.  Sorry but this restaurant is off our list for good.
1	Beautiful restaurant and good service. Too bad the food didn't match. Didn't think it possible to mess up a taco salad but guess I was wrong. Wilted lettuce and tasteless.
4	Went to X=Tapa Joe's last night with my husband and 2 kids. It was the first time we have been there since it reopened under new ownership/management. Great kids meals with a a variety of American and Mexican cuisine. One kid had the chicken fingers and fries and the other had a bean burrto My husband and  split the tilapia and shrip fajitas.We thought the food and service was great! We will definately come back again! So glad they reopened!
1	We bought a Groupon for this place.  Glad we didn't pay full price!  Totally disappointed!  Food was not fresh....chips bland, obviously jar salsa, tasted like canned enchilada sauce....  All in all....not good.  Two thumbs down!
5	Our favorite Mexican place! Going there for years and never disappointed! Catering is excellent too!
5	New Ownership!!We liked this place before but LOVE it now!Fantastic food and service. Sherry, the bartender, is the highlight of the restaurant and we always feel like family here. Great food, service and staff!  We'll be back time and again.
5	My husband and I have been patrons since they opened under the old management. (Gee how long ago was that??) We have always enjoyed our meal or appetizer.  The Margaritas are large, not filled with ice, as I've experienced at other Mexican restaurants.  I actually get more than two or three sips before there's only ice left. The new owners/management are friendly and interested in any comments to improve in any way suggested, however I couldn't think of anything that was not perfect.  The staff, including the person who takes away the used dishes, is happy, friendly and welcoming.  As other reviews, Sherry, the bartender, is terrific, interesting and goes to the trouble to remember your name.  It's a comfortable place and have also enjoyed interaction with other patrons dining there.  Even the clientele are great! If you've tried it before, give them another chance, they will listen to any problems you may have had and will do anything to accommodate you.
5	Got the groupon and only paid $1.24 for a great meal and lovely service. Can't beat that! Not sure whats up with the negative reviews, leads me to believe their possibly under new management. Place has been their for 11 years though and somehow i just discovered it. Definitely worth going to!
5	I was traveling to Scottsdale for work and stopped here for dinner. Upon entering the new owner personally greeted and seated me, and even brought me my drink. My beef & chicken tacos also came out quick and tasted fantastic. They definitely give you a lot for the price.  It's a shame reading some of the negative reviews as I believe they were directed at the previous owners. Give them a shot if you're looking for good Mexican food in Scottsdale and give them another chance if you had an unpleasant experience with the previous owners. You won't be disappointed.
4	This place really sucked under the prior owner BUT the original owner is back and I the food is much,much, much better! I only hope thar the prior owner didn't cause irreparable harm to the place by running it into the ground. Before you couldn't pay me to eat there. Now that the original owner is back, we literally go no less than once a week since we are mexi food junkies!
5	Xtapa Joes is BACK!   Food was fantastic and service was friendly and fast.  They even custom made a veggie fundido for me.       We live in Arcadia and the food is worth the drive.
2	Carne Asada was great. Drinks are weak. Chile Rellenos are the worst. Ever. Very bland restaurant.
3	X-Tapa Joe's is yet another mexican restaurant in Scottsdale that's alright, but nothing all that special.  It'll satisfy your taste buds, but will not blow them away.  It's also a little overpriced.  Fortunately, there is a $30 for $15 gift certificate on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  That definitely makes the place worth a try.I had the spinach enchiladas. Pretty standard.  My wife had the chicken fajitas.  Again, pretty standard, but the tortillas were ridiculously big, more burrito sized than taco.  I will give X-Tapa Joe's credit for having the chips and salsa brought to the table just seconds after being seated.  I will not complain about that!X-Tapa Joe's calls itself an upscale mexican restaurant.  There's a hilarious hypocrisy to this description.  There are handwritten paper signs all over the restaurant and handwritten changes to the menu.  Pretty cheap and low scale.  I think The only thing that was upscale was the price of the average at best food.
1	There are much better, and not hard to find.  Where to start... Salsa tasted like it was out of a jar, then chips were littered with crumbs like they were poured out of the bottom of a bag...  So far right on par with Taco Bell... Next came the entree's (we skipped the apps literally after tasting the store bought salsa..).  We tried a sampler platter which was mostly inedible... although I have to say the sauce for the tamale was pretty tasty... (that was it)The salad was a pretty large, with a decent amount of ingredients... chicken literally tasted like it was thawed then thrown on the top, it was completely flavorless. The dressing was some chipotle mayonnaise mix...   Taste was a 2/10 at best.. left more than half on my plate, and had no interest in taking the rest home... I should mention there was live music when we were there, but don't expect upbeat, it was a dreary mix of Neil Young and Simon and Garfunkel and alike.   The service was quite good, they were both attentive and well mannered, and the best thing going for the restaurant.I live less than 2 or 3 miles away and can never see returning for sure.  I was happy we used a Local Dines certificate, it made the visit marginally less painful.
2	Positives:  Chips and salsa came right away.  Chips were fresh and warm.  The regular salsa (not the hot) was actually really good.  Negatives:  Ordered spinach enchiladas.  Very bland tasting.  My wife ordered a combination plate which was also very bland.  Overall very unimpressed.
4	We visited for the first time today and really enjoyed it! Great chipotle hot sauce, green tomatillo hot sauce & plenty of chips. I had very good shrimp quesadillas & the hubs had ground beef nachos that we may have finished if we hadn't eaten so many chips!I had the skinny margarita & the hubs had the house. We'll definitely go back. Have absolutely paid more for less elsewhere! Oh, and good service!
1	Food tasted like it was cooked with cream of mushroom soup. Flavor was very gringo. Service was so so. Found a hair in the food.
1	One of the all time worst restaurant experience. Service was non existent...except for the bus boy who told us we weren't one of his tables so he couldn't help us. After 15 minutes I finally went to the hostess desk and someone who appeared to be a manager finally found us a waitress. Unfortunately this waitress was obviously not happy to be serving our part of the restaurant and made it clear she wasn't our waitress but would help out. Food was very, very bland. When we couldn't find anyone to bring our check we made our way back to the hostess desk and saw the manager and wait staff eating their dinner and chatting. Apparently they forgot they still had paying customers in the restaurant.
2	Was not impressed. Found it funny that they felt they needed to include "Upscale" in their logo. Booths are cramped, you will be interlocking knees with anyone sitting across from you. Service was sub-par. Never really bothered to refill my beverage. Chicken Fajita meat in the Chimichanga looked and tasted like the frozen bagged Tyson stuff at the supermarket.
1	Not sure how it stays open. Missing basic 101 service.  Ordered fish tacos. Somehow they got that wrong. No flavor. Plate was super hot but fish moderately warm. I don't recommend.  Phoenix has more to offer.
2	I keep trying but not anymore. The food is just okay, the service is not okay. Over priced. Not sure what I could recommend if anything. Their guacamole is good, and a fair price.
5	I was driving around looking for a place to have lunch when I saw X-Tapa Joe's Mexican food. My first impression was that the restaurant was very clean and I was immediately greeted by a very friendly waitress.Chips and Salsa were provided, the chips still warm. I asked the waitress if they had any Salsa that had more "kick", she said that they have several others and she brought out 4 different types. All were very good and provided the extra kick I was looking for. I had the lunch special Chicken Flauta which they say is a smaller portion. I asked my waitress if this was just for one person because the serving was so large. I ended up taking about 1/2 home for another meal. They even packed up the salsas and chips.The food was some of the best Mexican food I have had. If you are in the area, you have to give X-Tapa's a try, you will not be disappointed.
4	Currently closed for renovation, been out last 2 weeks. Pricey is kinda subjective , I eat here at lunch and for the price of a "---berto's" plate I get to sit in a nice atmosphere , get  great salsa with  flavor and decent dose of heat  So far no complaints with service and I have a  pretty short lunch time. What stops it being great? Well this is a weak four as my meals have been an odd kinda mix  of great   ingredients , prepared consistently well  E.G, salsa, the beans, the rice, the side veggies  are way above most of the fare in similar restaurants  but the protein  comes out a bit bland and is carried by the surrounding material which is a shame.  If you have friends that think Macoa's  is great this should blow them away:)
4	Our office orders xtapa joes all the time for lunch and we love it! We have never had a bad experience eating there and we do quite often! Chicken Fundido (or howveer its suppose to be spelled) is DELISH! gah ! now im hungry!
2	Had not been to this place in quite a while, but decided to try it again recently, after they had reopened. Not so impressed. I'm not sure why, maybe because it is always pretty empty, but I always get weird vibes from this place. Feels a little ghost town-ish to me. That being said, I had quite a few other issues with Xtapa Joes. The service was not too great. The restaurant was not as all busy, but our server was nowhere to be found during most of our time there. Also the food is WAY overpriced. I used to get a fried bean burro type thing before they revamped the place, but whatever that was, it was not on the menu anymore. Last time I went I got a spinach salad, and it cost $10, it was something I could have made at home, very lackluster. I got a skinny pomegranate margarita that was good though, a little strong, but yummy. I would go back for a drink and some chips (not a fan of the salsa), but have no plans of going back for a meal.UPDATE: As of 7/31/14, they are closed. Drove past and saw they had everything closed off.
1	This restaurant closed again. It will be some Italian restaurant. I had the feeling that it would close down again. I hope the Italian restaurant has better food and service.
1	This location is closed.  The restaurant is being REMODELLED and eventually will become an Italian restaurant.  Will expect it to be on same level as Nicks
