5	Absolutely delectable!!!My husband and I absolutely love Postino so when we saw that the owners were opening 2 new concepts, Windsor and Churn, we were pretty excited. We live about a mile away so we have been driving by just waiting for opening day! We went for ice cream at Churn tonight and are planning on checking out Windsor soon.The decor inside Churn is super cute...think old soda fountain decor. There are approx. 12 different flavors which they make daily. They alsohave coffee and lots of yummy pastries, cookies, etc. I got a scoop of Butter Pecan with a red velvet cookie. The cookie was pretty good and the ice cream was amazing. It was so smooth and creamy! My hubby got one scoop of the peanut butter and another of the double chocolate. He enjoyed both. There isn't inside seating but the weather is so amazing right now that the patio was just perfect. The parking is a little screwy....a few spots where you can self park but mostly valet. I felt kinda silly using valet to get ice cream! The staff was super friendly and helpful too! We will certainly be returning and would highly recommend Churn!
4	Hi, my name is Tonia and I fully endorse a good artisan ice cream place in uptown so I don't have to force myself to trek to North Scottsdale.Not being able to wait any longer, I decided to venture over on the 2nd night. It was better than I expected, though I'm not quite sure why I would've expected less. The decor is EFFING ADORABLE. Period. Exposed brick, a white clean look and argyle? Yes please. In fact, I want that argyle wall in my house. I demand it be done.Everyone was super helpful when I paced and wandered.. wondering just what to get for my first experience. I decided to try two flavors, banana and butter pecan, thinking one would clearly top the other. The result? Both win. So. I got them both. That and a red velvet cookie. I mean, come on, who can resist that?The ice cream is just what this area has been missing all along. I was secretly hoping for an endless bowl the entire time, though my stomach was clearly telling me I needed to stop indulging. It had the right amount of sweet and salty combined and was just pure heaven. Especially when eaten on the gorgeous patio they share with Windsor. Why the 4 stars then? The cookie. Oh that cookie needs some work. The entire outer edge was hard and nearly stale. I think it was due to sitting out all day, but that still should've been remedied. My grandma can send me cookies from 4 states away that still manage to get there soft as they were out of the oven. Maybe that's why I demand more out of my cookies. Don't worry though, I'll be back... but you will need to try harder to woo me next time.P.S. I saw what appeared from context to be the owners/managers of the establishment roaming about the entire hour or so I was there. I really had wished they would've started conversations with the few patrons that were there...
4	Ice Cream and Candy Delicious-ness galore!  After dining at Windsor, simply take a few steps on over to Churn for some homemade out of this world super creamy ice cream.  It's like a mini candy store filled with cookies and ice cream.  The staff happily offered a few tastings.  I thought I was going to get the Strawberry but then I tasted the blueberry ice-cream.  It was so good and different.  We got out cool treats and then enjoyed eating it on the patio and having a little chat and people watching.    What an adorable place with good ice cream to boot!  See you soon.
5	Wow!!! This is the best ice cream I have ever had - seriously, folks, this place shows Sweet Republic who's boss.  The ice cream is rich and creamy and full of flavor.  I tried the butter pecan, banana, peanut butter and chocolate.   The chocolate was unlike any chocolate ice cream I have had before - you could actually taste the coco flavor and it was more satisfying than a sugar loaded Hershey's concoction.  Bonus - they have pretzel cones!! This went especially well with scoops of chocolate and peanut butter! Yum!!I hopped on the froyo train for awhile there, but this place is going to cause me to derail and get fat.  Oh well.  I'll be happy. The interior is a very cute, old-school ice cream parlor.  It reminded me of Smeeks.  There was not seating inside, but about 5 tables outside.  They also have lots of retro candies and freshly baked cookies and complimentary water in a jug (flavored with lavender and lemon).I've already forgotten that Mary Coyle's is closing down...
3	This place wants to be Sweet Republic. It's not. But it is tasty and cute, and it's in Central Phoenix, so I'll take it. But I will not go back on a Friday night, becausea)who wants to valet park just for ice cream?andb)I was ready to kick the Pretty People in the shins who were wandering over from Windsor and talking drunkly about how amazing ice cream is. Seriously, I just wanted an ice cream cone for my birthday. This was more trouble that it was worth. My banana ice cream cone, topped with whipped cream, though, was legit, and I give props for that.
5	After a delightful experience at Windsor, we decided to walk the 20 steps next door and check out Churn.Glad we did, it was fantastic! Two scoops of Coffee ice cream in a waffle cone was the perfect conclusion to a great meal! Great coffee flavor and the ice cream was the perfect consistency, yum! We also ordered an ice cream cookie, snickerdoodle cookie with coffee ice cream, which was equally splendid. Its Windsor and Churn for the one-two-punch of dining :)
3	Stopped by last night after a fantastic meal at Fuego Tacos. The place is set up like a shabby chic (more chic than shabby) candy shop and they do actually sell candy. I tasted the peanut butter and the blueberry. Both were good, but didn't strike my fancy. I ended up getting a small with vanilla and vietnamese coffee. The coffee ice cream was the better. The vanilla tasted a little icy, like freezer burned ice cream tastes, you know? And like I said, the coffee was good, but I think any gelato place in the cenpho/arcadia regions can make it better. Price was pretty good at $2.75 for a small which comes with 2 scoops. I'm always a fan of locally owned.I know they're new so I'll give them at least one more chance ;)
4	Ice Cream Cookie. Three words that are near and dear to my heart. What makes this delectable treat from Churn so special? They are made to order, and you can create your own combination from their assortment of ice cream and cookie flavors (made fresh daily)! Overwhelmed by the possibilities, I fell back on the fondly familiar and went with vanilla bean ice cream embraced by a chocolate chip and a double chocolate chip cookie. Oh yes!  Served in a cute cup (hey, the good stuff can get messy), it was the perfect treat for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Big enough for sharing, too!I was so enamored by my dessert that I probably didn't pay close enough attention to all of the other wonderful things Churn has to offer. To me, that is a perfect excuse to go back... soon!
4	It's dangerous that I live so close to this place! I can walk there. Which I should, since it's ice cream and I need to work some of it off.Get the peanut butter with a scoop of chocolate.They have candy, too. I came home with stuff I haven't had since I was a kid. (it's no Smeeks, but they have about a dozen different candies to choose from.)Don't think it's on par with Sweet Republic, but it is good, especially with Mary Coyle's closing.The outside seating is nice and the misters work *really* well.
4	What Amy said.
4	Churn baby churn! Ice cream lovers, it is imperative you come try this place! Once you take your first lick, the rest is history! You'll immediately taste the trueness of the ingredient being used! Your taste bud will jump in rejoice! Promise!I tried the Peanut Butter, Toasted Coconut, and Madagascar Vanilla! You have the option to make it into a sandwich or a cone (waffle or pretzel).  Because I'm a sucker for trying new things, I opted for the pretzel! Bad idea! Clashed big time! It seemed like a good idea but failed! However, the sweetness and the saltiness did work, but as I crunched into the pretzel cone it tasted half stale and slightly buttery! That's just me!The parking situation is very limited, so you might turn to Valet Parking.  The decor has that old school ice cream parlor feel but in an upscale kind of way.  Seating is scarce inside, but you can find more room in the back patio area.Seriously, come check it out and happy licking! =)
4	Dessert topper after a little happy hour next door at Windsor? Oh, how you churn me on! As an ice cream fanatic, I had to try the new joint in town. Homemade ice cream served as 10 flavors can be cupped, coned or sandwiched.I went with the coffee ice cream, smooshed between a chocolate chocolate chip cookie and an assortment style cookie filled with butterscotch, pretzels and something else. The ice cream makers/servers are very friendly and will gladly let you sample. They also serve other pastries, candies and coffees. What a cute little joint! Perfect for summer and great outdoor patio seating.
4	~ The only emperor is the emperor of ice cream ~Ice cream rules!  And Churn is a welcome addition to the CenPho landscape.First impressions:  cute, tough parking lot, great seating areas. Bright, upbeat, cheery interior. I went during the week with a bunch of family.  Between samples from the girl serving up scoops, and family orders, I had the fortune of trying numerous flavors.  Those I found to be 5 star flavors:  Blackberry, butter pecan, peanut butterThose I found 4 star:  coconut, vanilla, strawberryService was friendly and efficient.  The pretzel cone was unique and oh-so-good with the peanut butter ice cream.I am not going to compare this to other places in town, as each is unique in its own right.  I love Sweet Republic, but Churn is of a different genre.  I think they will get the kinks worked out and future reviews will add the 5th star.In fact, I think I need to run an errand down there today, maybe I'll stop in.
4	I'm typically a fro-yo type of girl, but every now and then I get a craving for the real deal (homemade ice cream in this case).  Tonight was one of those nights, and Churn really hit my sweet spot!This little shop is adorable.  They squeeze a ton of fun candy and treats into a small amount of space, but it works!  Per the recommendation of the friendly scooper, I went for Churn's version of an "Almond Joy" (minus the almonds).  I had a half scoop of Toasted Coconut and a half scoop of Double Chocolate in a cup.  It was delicious.  A few bites in, I decided to add one of Churn's homemade molasses cookies to my concoction... mmmmm!  I highly recommend this combo.  I sat outside on the front patio with friends and enjoyed every last bite... while we were there, we noticed big people and little people of all ages with one common interest: ice cream!  Churn is a wonderful family friendly addition to the CenPho neighborhood; I'm sure it will do well and I look forward to future visits!
5	Churn is awesome! Old fashioned ice cream parlor done right! I love the design, super fun! It is any kid or in my case big kid's dream to have a place like Churn right next door to Windsor. You can enjoy food and drinks and then walk right over to fill your sweet tooth craving after a yummy savory meal. Loved the choice of flavors, all very unique and delicious. The wide array of candy choices was definitely a hit for my kiddo. Definitely a fun spot that is MUST to visit!
4	It's a hot summer night in the desert. Just because the sun's down, doesn't mean the Valley's gotten any cooler. That's the blessing and curse of living in the desert. We never need a sweater in the spring or summer, but we also need to find ways to cool ourselves down. Enter one of the great ways to cool down: Churn. Churn is a retro ice cream & candy store in Central Phoenix and probably one of the most adorable little shops in the area. Situated off it's brother, Windsor, Churn offers the perfect after-dinner or summertime treat of ice cream, baked goods and candy from the decades. I saw everything from foot-long gum to lollipops and gummy snacks. The ice cream is creamy, sweet and cools you down on the spot. I am a chocolate gal to the tee and thanks to Churn, I satisfied my chocolate and peanut butter cravings all in one. Next time, I will go back and try one of their delicious baked goods. In summary, Churn is the perfect spot for a sweet treat in the Valley and whether you come on a date or with the family, it's a must to check out!
3	cute little space uptown.  the flavors are very creamy...sometimes so creamy they mask some of the flavor.  baked good are tasty but not out of the ordinary.  it's a cute spot to grab a snack or dessert after eating at windsor (see other review...not sure that will ever become a destination restaurant) or postino, but wouldn't drive out of your way if you're anywhere near some of the other excellent ice cream/gelato shops around the valley.
1	It's a shame that the same staff  "attitude" that one experiences at Windsor, has bled through the kitchen and into the ice cream shop. This shop could have made a tidy little bundle off of a single retail order for ice cream for 100 people. I stopped by to set an appointment to talk with someone about a very large order for a party I was having several days later. The young girl behind the counter was completely baffled. Nonetheless she spoke with someone who said they would be with me in "a minute." Great, I could actually try some of the flavors I was considering for my party. A scoop of vanilla and a scoop of blackberry to start. I took my IC outside to enjoy. After a couple of bites, I came across the dreaded hair...gag! I've been in the hospitality industry for over thirty years, and my hardend heart let this one go. As I was about to have another bite I saw another hair, no wait two, no three hairs trapped between the vanilla and blackberry. OK this is too much. I returned to the counter, and gave my IC back to the girl. You guessed it...baffled again, she was. Then she asked if she could get me another serving of the same IC!!! I politely refused, AND she never offered to refund my money for the hairy IC experience.This was 10 minutes into my visit to Churn and still no manager/ice cream maker/whatever, came out to meet with me. She asked for my contact information and said that the mysterious "someone" would call me. The party has come and gone, and NO phone call from anyone at Churn. They missed a great publicity opportunity and some serious cash from this order. Perhaps it's best...don't think I would want my friends eating a product where shaving cream is more appropriate than whipped cream.
2	Sorry to say, that I am not a big fan. Maybe part of it is having had much more sublime ice cream at places like Bi-Rite Creamery in San Francisco where the sometimes long wait is worth it. Or maybe because at a Baskin Robbins, I've never chewed on ice crystals while circumventing an ice cream scoop. I was out bike riding and happened upon what turned out to be Churn's opening day. The women behind the counter were extremely polite and patient as I sampled three flavors. I finally settled on blueberry. I was pretty surprised when I was handed my cup and the "scoop" looked more like 3/4 of a kiddie scoop. For $3?? It barely filled the cup half-way. Well, last weekend, a couple of friends and I had dinner at Windsor next door which we found quite yummy. My friends hadn't tried Churn so I went along with it. I sampled the peanut butter which, even the one spoonful was somehow very heavy. So I went with the tried and true vanilla. To my surprise, the scoop this time was what I would constitute as a regular scoop. Yes I got more, but the inconsistency kind of irked me. Halfway through the ice cream, I could hear and feel little ice crystals between my teeth. That tells me something is not totally right with their ice-cream making process. Also, I tasted more sugar and milk than vanilla bean flavor. Overall, the vanilla was just OK. I will happily go to Windsor any time but if someone suggests Churn, I may have to bow out. I don't wish the shop bad business. I like the interior decor, the festive displays of cookies, candy, etc.  I just don't feel the need to promote it to others.
5	Churn is AMAZING!!! Homemade Ice cream, coffee, and baked goods... Oh My! Seriously though, it is a great way to end your night at Windsor/Churn. You have to try the coffee ice cream affogato style... they pour a shot of espresso over the top... genius!  So good! If you like ice cream sandwiches they make them for you right there with the home made ice cream and cookies. Really, how can you go wrong???
2	My wife and I went to Postinos and were given a flyer promoting this place.  A few days later we were going to go out for gelato when we decided to try something different instead and drove over to Churn.  The parking situation was a hot mess with valet or parking down a residential street being the only two options.  I am sure the neighbors are not impressed with the ramshackle of cars cruising up and down their street looking for a parking space.  We were one of many looking for a spot.  My wife convinced me this was worth the effort so I continued to look for parking.  After a few tries we parked down the street and made our way inside. The place is tiny, with an old style ice cream shop look but no "feel".  The place is kinda sterile, but from the reviews others find it charmimg.  Not sure why, the place is landlord white with glass candy jars filled with candy.  Someone compared it to Farrell's but I would have to completely disagree.  This place lacks the utter feeling of immersion of someplace grand, different, exciting that I remember when I walked into a Farrell's.  This was more like blank ice cream shop with candy jars on display.  Also if you get cold easily then bring a sweater, my wife was chilled after waiting in line for 15 minutes to get served.  The service was friendly, my wife ordered chocolate with salted caramel topping.  The salted caramel topping was waaaay to salty for my taste.  It tasted like caramel for a second, then you were hit with nothing but pure salt taste - like licking a slab of salt - literally.  This ruined both the chocolate and the caramel.  Her scoop was just plain awful and had that been the extent of our experience I would have given the place 1 star.  Seriously, it was that bad.   I ordered the Vietnamese coffee and Madagascar vanilla 2 scoop in a cup with no toppings.  They were both good, although nothing special.  The two stars is based purely on the two scoops I ordered.  Also I did have a bit of the ice crystal problem in my two scoops.  I am not a big fan of ice crystals in my ice cream.  It reminds me of the old box of 1.00 bargain ice cream one forgot was in the freezer but eaten anyway to cure that sweet tooth six months later.  I will also say my wife's one scoop was as big a serving as my two scoops.  I was not a happy camper.   Over-all Churn is ok, nothing less-nothing more.  My wife's ice cream was a disaster of flavors.  Mine was small and good but nothing out of the ordinary.  2 solid stars.  (See the potential 1 star review above) In all fairness my wife would have given this place 3 solid stars based on my two scoops.
3	Stopped in here a couple of days ago.  I'm glad I was here mid-afternoon because the parking looks tough during the busy times.I had the butter pecan and strawberry flavors.  Butter pecan was delicious.  Rich, smooth and creamy.  Not as wild about the strawberry.  Too sweet for my taste.I'll keep this place in mind when I'm in the area and looking for some good ice cream.
4	my vietnamese coffee was DELISH but my niece's strawberry was PERFECT.parking (on saturday night) was terrible so be prepared to walk a little from the surrounding neighborhood.
5	Churn has the best ice cream I've had in a long time!  Yes...the parking situation can be a bit hairy but there are options and it is definitely worth the effort to make it there.  In fact, the butter pecan with the salted caramel is something I've been craving ever since having my first taste.  The ice cream is creamy...full of flavor...and sure to leave you wanting more.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and really made my children feel welcome even though they were acting a bit crazy.  One girl even came out from behind the counter to have a little fun and demonstrate some of the toys for them.  Churn is definitely a place I will return to again and again.
5	I love this place...everything here is fabulous...its ice cream treats...everyone can find something to love...i know that i have...the owners oncd again have done a fabulous job...this place is crowded for a purpose...because its amazing and fun...i love it
4	I happened by Churn on accident, and I was so pleased with my discovery.  Being a chocoholic, I had to sample Churn's chocolate ice cream, and I was blown away!  It tasted so fresh, creamy and heavenly, that I actually had to go back and buy a pint!  So, glad there is a local ice cream shop that uses fresh ingredients and makes such wonderfully delicious desserts!  I will be back many times, and I will recommend it to all of my friends.
3	Sweet Pea and I decided on one recent night to rail down to Churn and see what all of the fuss was about. We'd heard a lot about it and its restaurant counterpart, Windsor. Bottom line, it was good ice cream. It was not swoon-worthy. I will not be getting in my car making a mad late night ice cream run just to get Churn ice cream. But, although I am definitely an ice cream person, I couldn't really imagine myself doing that for any particular place's ice cream. We had no crystallization issues like other reviewers mentioned- the texture was good, heavy, creamy. I tried the Madagascar vanilla, which was rich and vanilla-y as you'd expect, but I ended up ordering the coconut, in a cup, with the salted caramel topping. Both the ice cream and the topping were good. The one thing I will say about the salted caramel (and I REALLY like salted caramel) was that it was overpowering in terms of flavor. Next time I'd probably just get it with the vanilla. Or maybe chocolate if I felt frisky. And I really want to try that pretzel cone thing they have there, man that looked awesome. Sweet Pea tried the bubble gum and ended up with the blackberry with salted caramel (yeah..."interesting" choice there Sweet Pea) and had the same impressions pretty much that I did. It was good. He did keep saying over and over again that the bubble gum flavor was delightful and that next time he was going to order it. I will say that the reviewer that commented in the vast disparity between scoop sizes was right on. Sweet Pea's was 1.5 to 2 times larger than mine. The atmosphere is cute. Sweet Pea did not like the layout, because the place gets quite busy, and there is no organized line nor even a really good area for everyone to stand in. It's pretty narrow and people get bunched up. On (kind of) an aside: is it me, or are these hipster places becoming interchangeable? It feels kinda beautiful, but soulless. I'm ready for the next thing.
5	one word: obsessed. i am officially and addict. i have been here way too many times and my waist line is starting to get bitter BUT i don't care! i literally CRAVE this place.5 star creation: the KITCHEN SINK cookie sandwich. take 2 cookies and scoop either double chocolate or the peanut butter and hold on tight... the above mentioned cookie is straight from heaven, in my book. butterscotch chips, pretzel bites, peanuts and chocolate in one cookie? delicious. also scrumptious are the oatmeal, apricot, cranberry cookie and the coconut macaroon; don't get me wrong, i think each cookie they have is yummy, but these three stand out to my buds.i love the idea that you can create your own ice cream cookie sandwich any way you like, my hubby loves the molasses and oatmeal cookies with the madagascar vanilla... the options are endless!do yourself a favor and stop in right away.
4	Simple, honest ice-cream. Had the butter pecan with salted caramel. Not too sweet, not insecure in its culinary proximity to frozen yoghurt, and sensibly portioned. Like the outdoor patio seating; wish it was set up less as a quick stop and go and more as a place you can get a cup of ice-cream with a friend and chat for a while.
5	Churn is adorable & the ice-cream/cookie combo is amazing!  If you're a fan of peanut butter, then you have to try the PB ice cream.  It's the perfect addition to the Central Avenue Corridor and I can't wait to go back.
4	Service was good went monday around 2pm. I can totaly see where the parking issues are. I had no problem. I got a scoop of salted carmel and a scoop of peanutbutter both toped with chocolate.  cost seven dollars.  Scoops were good sized. My boyfriend inhaled his salted carmel. I ate my peanut butter a bit slower. I did have a few ice crystals in the PB.  It was rich creamy and delish.. Would I go back ... YES.
5	A cute little ice cream and candy shoppe owned by the guy who brought us Postino and Windsor, conveniently located next to Windsor. I love me some sweets and this place hits the spot. I am a big fan of the banana ice cream with choc chips or gummy bears. They also have cookies, cupcakes, candy, etc. They even have pretzel cones, now that I've never seen before.The staff is very friendly and is good and helping a lot of people when the line gets long. You're never waiting for long and it's always worth the wait. It's dangerous to live only a few blocks from this place.
4	Went here after Windsor, right next door.  Great creamy ice cream.  Loved the peanut butter flavor.  They have regular, sugar, cake, and pretzel cones.  Fresh cookies too.  The bartender at Windsor told me that they will make an ice cream sandwich.  He described his choice of a peanut butter cookie on top and chocolate chip on bottom with banana ice cream.  Wow, that sounds awesome.  We will be back.
4	Delicious homemade ice cream!  Great place to stop in after you eat and/or drink next door at Windsor.
4	Wonderful little ice cream/candy joint right next to the Windsor Restaurant.The interior isn't very large, but it's super inviting and has a very clean/kiddish vibe to it. I think it's the perfect atmosphere for a candy/ice cream joint! They do have a wonderful back patio that is right next to the Windsor patio, but is still separate from it. The patio is very clean and inviting. There are plenty of beautiful flowers and trees to enjoy while eating your meal. The seating and shading are comfy and there are misters to keep you cool. Their menu of ice cream is not very large, but the flavors are unique and are created daily.  There are plenty of topping options as well. They have a wide selection of coffees (lattes, cappuccinos, teas, Americanos, etc), as well as toppers to include Soy Milk! I ordered an Iced Americano (12oz for 2$), and my husband ordered an ice cream sandwich. You can choose to create your own sandwich using any of their delicious cookies and ice cream options. They have waffle cones, pretzel cones, and a variety of other options to pair with your ice cream experience. Unfortunately, they do not serve yogurt or sorbet ice cream at this time, a deal breaker for those of us who can't/won't eat dairy!My family has been back several times as they can't get enough of Churn's unique and tasty goodies. Churn is a must try for any ice cream lover !
4	Very small, but hip uptown ice creamery that is joining the trend of nice little eateries around that area. I love it, and I hope it gets bigger.Only problem...parking is very tough
4	Two words. Pretzel Cone!!! Seriously people! Holy YUM! I was on the search for a new ice cream place and am sooo glad I found Churn! This is the cutest little shop around. The shop itself is kinda hard to find, there isnt much signage (Hint its just north of the Circle K. Parking is a nightmare. They do offer valet as its sister (Or maybe cousin) restaurant, Windsor, is right next door but who gets their car valeted for ice cream?? Parking is the only thing from letting this place be a five! The ice cream was creamy and soooo fresh tasting! They have all sorts of tempting treats, I am for sure getting one of those rice krispie treats next time! I hope this little shop is here to stay!
4	Cute ice cream place in Central Phoenix!  I like that it has the feel of an old ice cream and candy store.  The flavors are good and the service is good as well.  I wish there was more seating for people that want to chill and enjoy their ice cream.  Good, modern place for Central Phoenix!
4	During the summer heat there is nothing like some ice cream to cool you down, especially the homemade stuff at Churn! Inside it is a very cute 50's style candy shop, so you can't help but feel like a kid in a candy store and want everything.  My friend lives right down the street and we walk there frequently, which I should note their biggest problem: PARKING!  They need to have some designated Churn parking spots!  There is also no indoor seating so you need to eat it outside, which can be a bit brutal in the Phoenix summer.  My other issue: how to decide which YUMMY flavors to eat!! Last time I had the double chocolate, mint cookie, and peanut butter (only one scoop, 1/3 each).  But their berry flavors are great too; I have had blueberry and strawberry and they were both amazing!   The flavors are always changing and I don't think you can go wrong with any of them!
4	Mmmmm Ice cream sandwich. This dessert is really great because it's really two desserts. I like that... a lot. So I went here this afternoon for 'dinner' and got the Vietnamese coffee ice cream between two chocolate chip cookies.... so good. It was a little salty and sweet and coffee -y... what more could I ask for. The BF got peanut butter ice cream with snickerdoodles.... also very very tasty. The thing is, the ice cream wasn't blow your mind awesome and the flavors were pretty ho hum.... I would definitely come back here if I were in the neighborhood, but I probably wouldn't make a special trip again.
4	I am an adoring fan of this cozy little creamery which also has a delectable assortment of cookies and pastries and candies.  I tried one of their signature ice cream flavors, the Vietnamese Coffee.  Quite possibly one of the most incredible ice cream flavors to ply  these taste buds.  As I am a Vietnamese Coffee lover with its toothsome condensed milk combined with the gritty and robust flavor of coffee grounds, this sweet treat was VC on a spoon.  Soooooo impressed!  But the flavor explosions did not end there as I also sampled the popular Butter Pecan topped with the salted caramel sauce.  The salty sweet takes your breath away, the world begins to spin around you as this ice cream makes your neurons fire.There are not a large plethora of flavors to be found here, but that matters little considering the outstanding quality of the ice cream.  Kid's cones and ice cream cups are decorated with a malleable plastic monkey that they can take home.  There are gadgets, whoozits, and whatsits a plenty here.  Fake moustaches, wax lips, funny eyeglasses, treats made from Fruit Loops, candy, and all the little things to delight both great and small kids, like me.My friend and I lingered there for a quite a while, despite there being a lack of indoor seating.  We felt like kids again, and were hoping that somehow we would eventually have more room for ice cream.
4	Um... HELLO AMAZING ICE CREAM.My sweet tooth starts and stops with ice cream. I drive ridiculous distances for good ice cream and when I found out about this place I was super stoked to find out it was only a few miles away from my house.I love fruit flavored ice cream. I've had their blackberry, the blueberry and I think also the strawberry. All of them were delicious. I also took a sample of their Vietnamese coffee flavor and it was so good. All of the flavors I've tried have been rich and creamy and just plain yummy.My recommendation: try the blackberry inside their pretzel cone. Yeah. I said PRETZEL CONE. It's soooooo good.The reason they are losing a star from me is because their parking is AWFUL. There's no dedicated lot and unless you want to hand your car over to valet (kind of pointless if you just want to run in and get an ice cream cone) that operates for their adjoining Windsor, you gotta park on the side street which is most often filled with cars. The parking is a huge head ache. I've had to park across Central a couple of times and run across to get into Churn. I hope they fix that situation soon.
5	YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM!!! I love it. And kinda wish I never found it! The ice cream sandwiches are to die for! The kitchen sink cookies are a spin off of what some might recognize as 'compost' cookies... basically the remenants of what a baker would typically have in their cabinet. Sometimes that will include chocolate chips, coffee grinds, pretzels, chips, butterscotch, nuts, etc. (on a side note, Momofuku in New York is the MAN when it comes to executing this to perfection). . . BUT I must say Churn does a great job on these cookies and everything else I have had there. I am a fan of the ice cream sandwiches with said cookie and madagascar vanillla and vietnamese coffee smooshed in between. I love it. And I will continue to piss off my diet by coming back.
5	Great ice cream, cool place to hang out, kid-friendly.  You should come check it out!  Oh, and they bake all kinds of cookies and treats!
5	They should've named this place Love.  It would totally work.
5	mmm...mmmm.....mmmmDelish!  The Toasted Coconut ice cream rocks!  Very creamy yet lots of texture in every bite with lots of toasted coconut throughout.   The dark chocolate was amazing!  Such a rich taste.  My family also had the icecream sandwiches, but they were sorry they got them. They felt like they were eating more cookie than ice cream.  So although they were very good, next time they will just get the pure icecream. Maybe a cookie on the side?  Such a cute place and the employees were very pleasant. Check it out!
4	The ice cream is delicious! Had butter pecan and some sort of caramely cashew concoction. The cookies also looked super tasty, will definitely have to try those next time.The only downfalls to this place are the parking and interior layout. There's not much parking available and if you can't snatch a spot, valet seems to be your only option. The interior is somewhat small and kind of awkward if there are more than three people in line. Would this stop me from going? Absolutely not.Love this place!
5	Ok, so I have stopped in twice now, and both times were quite nice.  The first time I just had a scoop of their Madagasgar vanilla ice cream with some salted caramel on top.  It was  good, but the caramel was SUPER salty...a bit too much.  The second time, I had a scoop of vanilla (I know, so adventurous) with their fudge. Good God was is nom-worthy.  I even went back to ask for more fudge, prepared to pay for my extra topping and the chick behind the counter said it was on the house.  Thought that was pretty cool. Love this place and their staff...will be here again in the near future...and maybe next time I'll try something in a pretzel cone!
4	What is there a better way to gain couple more pounds after dinner at Windsor, go next door to Churn!  I was so full after dinner, but couldn't resist the unique ice cream flavors, retro candies, vintage/silly toys, and bakery goodies all displayed around Churn.  My Niece had the Peach and Honey ice cream.  She didn't like it at all.  The pure honey overpowered the peach taste, which sounded good but was too sweet.   I had the traditional butter pecan ice cream sandwich.  You get to select from the baked cookies on the counter and the ice cream flavor.  Unfortunately, the ice cream wasn't frozen so it melted too quickly on a hot summer day.   I will probably wait until it's a little cooler to try other flavors on a pretzel cone.
5	Simply the best ice cream I have ever tasted.  The fruit flavors are unbelievable.I may find a place to own next door just so I can walk over any time - perhaps I should say all the time - on 2nd thought maybe I should move to the other side of the world.  This addiction could get worse than crack!
4	So went to The Windsor and had to try this out afterwards.  Ashley got a scoop of the butter pecan and I have to say that it was fantastic.  I got the oatmeal cranberry apricot cookie and the spiced molasses cookie.  The cookies were lightly crisp around the outside with a soft airy quality on the inside.  They were delicious and melted in my mouth.  Yummy.
4	While gelato is my first love, I really enjoy ice cream and Churn was one of the best ice creams I've had in recent memory. I had vanilla and peanut butter with salted caramel topping. My wife had banana and butter pecan. All flavors were excellent. We talked with the owner for a few minutes and he gave us some great restaurant recommendations. Great staff, pleasant location. We were there on a Saturday afternoon in November and had no issues with parking.
5	Adorable, and so fun for date night dessert!
4	Nice atmosphere, nice decoration, nice staff, nice ice-cream, nice that only need 5 times for punch card, nice, nice, nice....Next time I will try ice cream cookie and will be back to review!
5	Updating my review! Solid 5 stars! I found out that the valet is FREE (but you gotta tip) AND there is a little seating area out back! Totally didn't know about that! So now I can actually park my car and sit and enjoy my treats! woot woot!
5	There's a certain amazingness that comes from fresh made ice cream.  It's soft, creamy, and not filled with high fructose corn syrup and preservatives to keep it together for months in a freezer.  Growing up in Arizona, we always made homemade ice cream in the summer and if you've never experienced homemade ice cream, just go to Churn.I had the banana ice cream with caramel sauce on top.  I can't say anything bad about it at all.  If someone doesn't like their ice cream, it's because they've been subject to all the fakeness added to ice cream in the stores and national ice cream shop chains.  The shop has lots of toys and candy and knickknacks that will give you a sense of nostalgia.  I'll tell you what sounds like the best day ever:  riding my bike down Central on a beautiful Phoenix day... stopping in to Churn for an ice cream break (and then popping into one of the restaurants nearby for a cocktail).
5	Yum  Yum and Yum ! Churn makes you feel like your in a old-fashioned ice cream shop with all the sweet treats and the perfect variety of ice cream flavors. I always need to sneak by for a taste test after having dinner at Windsor . I finally had my first full cone of Strawberry Ice Cream on a pretzel cone. My concept sounded good because I love the salty sweet combo , but the cone was too salty for the strawberry. I think a chocolate or peanut butter would be better. The Strawberry Ice Cream was fresh and the perfect consistency , but too rich and had the perfect balance of sweetness.
3	There is no bad time for a good scoop of ice cream.  They opened just as I was finishing brunch next door so I had to give it a try.  Doesn't everybody have dessert with breakfast?The small shop is cute with several dessert choices in addition to ice cream.  The ice cream was really good (I had the Vietnamese coffee) but not mind blowing great.  And I have seen wider flavor selection at a Chinese buffet.I would definitely stop if I was in walking distance but I would not make a special trip.  3-1/2 stars.
5	Wow! The perfect combination of creamy, sweet and flavorful ice creams with a beautiful melt. Not a lot of frilly flavors, just the basics, but done so very well. Vanilla bean and double chocolate in a cup: total yum! Best ice cream in Phoenix, no doubt.
4	I had occasion to go back this weekend to show a friend where it was hidden and there was a parking spot open so I we couldn't resist.  We had our bowls of ice cream on the patio on a great sunny afternoon.  The person who waited on us saw to it I got a punch card which for some reason I missed the first time around.  I have to give them another 1/2 star as the patio setting was perfect for a bowl of ice cream.
4	Had a hard time finding this place at night but its definitely worth the drive.  Parking is also slim but Valet is available.  This small place comes with excellent customer service and most of all GOOD ice cream!!!Will be back for more Vietnamese Coffee and Butter Pecan goodness. . .
4	Strawberry ice cream in a pretzel cone!!! Da bomb!!! Only giving 4 stars because I am lactose intolerant and suffered greatly after eating it... But it was worth it!!
5	Some of the best ice cream I've ever had. Super creamy and flavourful home-made taste without being icy or leaving a weird film in my mouth. The prices are a lot lower than I expected, too! After trying a sample of the "Vietnamese coffee" ice cream (which was delicious but not what I was craving), I got a scoop of double chocolate on a sugar cone with a few pieces of the home-made caramel they had sitting on the counter. They have a huge list of toppings, candies (normal and home-made treats), coffee and coffee drinks, and baked goods available too. Also, local art if you're into that.I'll definitely be back for more.
3	All I'm saying is they need to do a better job at hiring their staff. The girl that helped us out last time was on something pretty heavy. It was a school night, and we had just finished up dinner next door at Windsor. We all wanted to get something sweet, but the girl working there was so blitzed out of her mind on something. She was barely able to interact with us. Within the first 2 minutes she must have asked us 5 times how we were doing. She never once made eye contact.  I'm not exaggerating by saying she looked pretty filthy, and was really rude to boot. Maybe that's just how the poor girl is, but damn, you think they could do a better job hiring people to compliment the charm of a family oriented cutesy sweet spot. She turned us off so bad, that no one in the party decided to order anything.I give it 3 stars because I've been before, and thought their stuff  was good, not great. Churn is pretty damn adorable & local, so they get extra love for that. So, for now, until something better comes along it will just have to do.
4	Without a doubt this is my favorite ice cream place in the Phoenix area. I just recently discovered it and liked it so much I came back the following day. Apparently they rotate through different flavors each week. Get the cookies & mint if its available.
4	I love Churn.  The ice cream is great, it's inexpensive and the people who work there are lovely.  Plus!  The punch cards only require 5 scoops (OR cups of coffee) before you get a free one. Vietnamese Coffee, Double Chocolate in a Pretzel Cone and Cookies and Mint are some of my favorites. Parking can be a bit tricky, but there are two 15-minute spots directly in front of the store.
5	Beyond adorable ice cream and candy shop!  There is a limited number of flavors but with all the different topping you can invent your own!I love that they have a sorts of fun little trinkets and toys.  A great place to take your kids or satisfy a sweet tooth after having a meal at Windsor next door.
5	Toasted coconut with salted carmel. Do it! That's all I am going to say. Oh and the Macaroons!
5	Staff was great and they have the BEST peanut butter ice cream I have ever had!
3	MMM nice creamy ice cream! I really enjoyed this place and the nostalgic feeling i got with the small wooden spoons. I am on the upward mailing list so i received a free b-day dessert and i got a triple scoop of Vietnamese coffee. Um not quite Vietnamese coffee flavor, but it was a good coffee/espresso flavor in general. I really liked the creaminess of the ice-cream even though i can honestly say i kinda like a little bit more icy texture instead. Regardless the flavors i tried were pretty darn good. The cookies were just okay. My sister and brother in law got an ice-cream sandwich. (between two cookies).  I mean it is no urban cookie ice-cream sandwich, but it hits the spot. It'd be better if the cookies had some outstanding deliciousness. I will give them the benefit of the doubt that they are better, but they may have been sitting there for a little bit.so you ask me the simple question... "you gonna be back?"...to that i respond in the words of storage wars....YUUUPPPP!!
4	This place is super darling. That's right, super. I've only been once and it was to quickly grab some cookies to curb a serious pastry craving. I had never heard of Churn and found them via good old Yelp. I snagged a Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie and another fabulous cookie that sadly enough I can't remember exactly. It had cranberries and it was heavenly. I love how they have old school candy displayed through out the store! Good to know for when I'm buying goodies for events or holidays. Their ice cream selection is killer and I will be making a special trip out there one of these smoking hot days to enjoy some!
5	This is the first place I'd go whenever I got my allowance if I was a kid living near by!  The shop is adorable!  The space is very tight but its crammed full of old toys and candies that I'd never seen in years.  They have cookies, brownies, some bars and of course the ice cream.  The pricing doesn't seem outrageous either - a 2 scoop order is just 3.25 or so.  You have the option to upgrade to waffle cone and add toppings which increases the cost a bit.  They also offer coffee and some drinks.Love the pricing, love the goods, and love the toys!
5	The toasted coconut ice cream is outstanding! There is really nothing more to say.
5	This place is AMAZING. Best ice cream ive had in AZ. I was a newbie and of course had a pretzel cone with coconut ice cream. REAL BIG FLAKES OF COCONUT. so yummy. go check it out!
4	This is a small, yet very cute place. The ice cream is good and there are plenty of novelties. It would be great if they expanded their flavor selection. Moreover, a caddy to hold your cone while shuffling through your purse for your wallet or signing your receipt would be nice.
4	Love, Love Love this place....Great addition to the area! This is a very uniqiue idea, an Ice cream shop that keeps it simple from the flavor choices to the drinks a, throw back to when ice cream shops were family friendly and sells home made goods and little nik-naks.. and did I mention the prices very reasonable, it would of been five stars but no cookiedough ice cream, might want to consider that with the amount of kids that are visiting :)
5	If I am away from home (meaning not 10 minutes from my favorite local ice cream shop) I am going to Churn.  This darling little gem is AMAZING!  I love it!  The staff is always friendly, the cookies/ice cream flavors seem to always be changing, and where else can you get your ice cream in a PRETZEL CONE!We are new believers (just found the place) in Churn - and we will be back many more times!
5	After dinner at Windsor, we went next door to Churn, an ice cream shop with delicious homemade ice cream.Churn looks like a cutesy, old-timey ice cream shop with candy in see-through jars and homemade sweet treats tantalizing you in the display case.I had a really yummy peanut butter ice cream scoop in a waffle cone. One scoop is a generous enough portion, and the ice cream was so rich and creamy. There were also pretzel cones available, and I'd love to go back to try the sweet-and-salty combination.I couldn't resist also picking up a homemade snickerdoodle cupcake. It was so little, the perfect size if you want dessert but don't want to pig out. There were so many mouthwatering dessert options there, including fruit bars and cookies, I wanted to try them all. Churn is a must-try if you're in the area-just be warned, parking for both Windson and Churn is limited, and if you don't valet, you're stuck hunting for a spot on the street.
3	Solid ice cream, interesting flavors. Sometimes can be a little icy, but not usually.I don't know why everyone's raving about that pretzel cone, though. I love pretzels, but this thing was way too hard to eat without completely smashing it and getting ice cream everywhere. And super salty! I figured that would go well with my butter pecan ice cream, but it was too much. Ended up tonguing my ice cream out of the cone and tossing the thing in the trash.Next time I'll stick with the paper cup!
5	Get yourself some yummy icecream and plunk it down outside on the patio! Really nice space out there. Thumbs up!!
4	DELISH!This place is great!Atmosphere - 10 Ice Cream - 9 Price -  4My husband and I split a peanut butter/chocolate lover dream sundae there and it was so so good!  The place is setup as a old fashion soda fountain/candy/ice cream shop and it is done up perfectly.My only complaint is that it is bit pricey for what you get - so it is a bit of a splurge.
4	Previously unaware that Pane Bianco served dessert I'd already made plans for dessert after lunch and given its close proximity plus my sister's mantra that there is always room for ice cream (because it simply "fills in the cracks") I did not let the delectable rice pudding from moments before deter me from driving up the street to Churn.  A small space situated next to apparent brunch favorite "The Windsor" I admittedly drove right past the small shop at first due to the lack of signage but catching my mistake quickly I took a right and then found myself at the complimentary valet who assured me he could either park my car - or that I could take one of the fifteen minute spots in front of Churn, a much more logical option.Disembarking from the car and making my way past a family through the doors it was no more than 5 seconds after I entered the door that I was greeted by a friendly woman and with kitsch and candy dominating the space outside the case I was offered a taste of "any and all" that eventually turned into a taste of Vietnamese Coffee, Toasted Coconut, Butter Pecan, Double Chocolate, and Peaches and Honey Ice creams as well as a Peanut Butter Bar.  With the textures very creamy, almost like gelato, and fresh flavors focused on subtlety without being excessively sweet - particularly the peaches and honey as well as the toasted coconut - I will admit that making a decision of two flavors in a cup/cone vs. a cookie sandwich was tough but in the end I just couldn't pass up a fresh baked Snicker Doodle and Chocolate Chip cookie wrapped around Butter Pecan.Beginning first with the ice cream, I will admit that overall I probably enjoyed the flavor (and novelty) of the peaches and honey a bit more than the butter pecan, but when taking into account what would work best with the baked goods the subtle toasty notes of the butter pecan won me over along with the texture - like thickened almond butter without chunks or whole pecans at all.  Moving next to the cookies, I would have probably deferred had it not been for the Snickerdoodle but rife with cinnamon and butter I simply couldn't pass up my favorite childhood baked good while the chocolate chip was also good, but certainly not better than those made by my aunt or many other bakeries.  A nice space with great service I'd certainly go back, though in the future I'd go with more stomach space to try one of the designer sundaes...plus a few more cookies served up warm as opposed to cooled by ice cream - perhaps sometime when I check out the brunch next door.
4	Great ice cream!  Great environment.  Wonderful local spot to take your kids or a date.  Just wish there wasnt so much candy to tempt my kids when we stop by for an ice cream cone.
4	What else can I say that hasn't already been said?  Churn makes really great old fashioned ice cream with some unique, modern flavors.  Love the cute shop with all the nostalgic candy and the little patio oasis out back.  Since I live in the 'burbs the parking stresses me out but I love that they have the 15 minute parking right up front so if you are just stopping in to get a cone (rather than having dinner at Windsor) you can get in and out easily.
5	Churn is great!  The space is adorably decorated with bright colors, argyle wall-paintings and toys and penny-candy.  But, really the ice-cream is the star of the show here.  $4 for an ice cream sandwich with homemade cookies and a generous helping of ice cream?  Yes, please.  Once you try the Belgian Chocolate ice cream in a pretzel cone, it will make you want sweet/salty combinations forever.   The punch-cards here only require you to buy five scoops (OR coffee drinks) before you get a free one.  The addition of two parking spaces out front for drop-in parking is a major plus. So, yeah.  Churn for President.
4	I have recently lost about seventy pounds and I take my rare chances to pig the eff out very seriously. I typically go to a frozen yogurt place and make myself sick with mini peanut butter cups, but ever since discovering Churn, I can't make a trip to the area without being tempted. Churn has a bit of an eclectic mix of different sundaes and floats that make me want to try something new every time, my favorites so far are the smores and Elvis sundaes, the Elvis being my newest finding and its mix of salty and sweet is mind blowing. This place is worth the extra notch in my belt, if it was a bit cheaper it would hit the five star home run, but I can't in good conscience give a perfect rating to a nine dollar sundae. Churn, me and all of the personal trainers out there getting business from the bad decisions made in your shop, love you.
3	I have to agree with the rest of my yelping friends that Churn rocks I've been here on several different occasions because like Amy D. I live close enough to walk....... out of my visits all have been fine but one........ I however have never thought that it was any better than the rest of the trendy Ice cream, soda pop, coffee shops that seem to be popping up all over and it's even harder for me to justify 16$ for a sundae for me and one for my friend I rather walk next door to Windsor and get a couple of beers and a great appetizer for the same 16$...........  Til next time
5	Can't get enough of this place. It's adorable and delicious. Also, the staff is very friendly and nice. I love looking at all the trinkets sold here and the baked goods. Our favorite flavors are PB, blackberry, vietnamese coffee, and strawberry. My parents love the butter pecan. Pretty much what I'm saying is that you cant go wrong with any flavor! :)The only negative is the parking. We love parking right in the front of the shop, but it is usually full. It seems silly to get our car valet for ice cream.
4	Had a scoop of the Vietnamese coffee and toasted coconut. What I loved about the ice cream was how powerful the flavor was. Both were delicious. Glad I don't live close to this spot.
4	Came here to just get a cookie, which I did :). But my friends all get something different and I gotta say yum. The ice cream sandwich with the cookies was awesome!!!The yogurt or ice cream was great too. I had a chocolate chip cookie and a glass of milk. Milk was milk but the cookie was great. Ill def be back to try other things and they also have a lot of old school cans y unused to eat when I was younger. I never really see them at stores anymore. Also the place is clean and the bathrooms are nice. Nice place to sit in the back by all the hipster bikes. Valet is free which is nice but I wish we could just park ourselves. That's why they lost a star with me.
4	The ice creams here are wonderful. I'll be honest, the last time I was here I can't remember what I got, but we stopped here after eating brunch at Windsor, and it was a great way to cool down. They also have tons of cool little baked-right-there treats, and those are awesome. Splurge for the waffle cone. So worth it!!
5	Heavenly ice cream & unique toppings - the girl working there was super sweet & patient with my son - a little pricey but worth it !
2	I tried to love it, had a chocolate chip cookie and milk once, and was satisfied.. took my date here after lunch next door and went all out on a vietnamese iced coffee ice cream and red velvet cookie sandwich.. the cookie was too hard and made it not enjoyable for me =(But the ice cream was delicious !
5	Best coffee flavored ice-cream I've ever had. I had the Vietnamese coffee ice cream on the pretzel cone. The saltiness of the pretzel cone mixed with the sweet coffee ice cream was amazing! It was hard to get a bite with ice cream and cone though.
4	I have been here twice now, and the service was great both times.Just had some of their cookies & mint and their butter pecan ice creams....YUM! They were absolutely delicious. You can tell that the ice creams were homemade.The first time I went, I just got a rice krispy treat. It was a bit disappointing, as it was somewhat hard (I like them soft and gooey!). But, it was the end of the day, so they may have been made much earlier. This is the only reason why I knocked it down from 5 to 4 stars.
5	Pretzel cone, OMG!  Server was so friendly, she gave us several samples and chatted with us after (it was very quiet).  Everything we tried was amazing, can't wait to go again.  Get a single, which is plenty big in the pretzel cone, and they let you get two flavors!
4	My boyfriend and I go here often for Ice Cream.  It doesn't matter if it is a hot summer night or a rainy night in Phoenix we will go.  If we can find parking.  The only reason this gets 4 stars is the parking situation.  I know the valet is complimentary but I hate valet.  My car is usually a mess.  It would be nice if all the spots our front were 15 minutes or less.Regardless, my favorite is the butter pecan ice cream between two chocolate chip cookies.  My boyfriend will change it up every once in a while and order different flavors of ice cream but is pretty dead set on sandwiching it between two chocolate chip cookies.  I love browsing the shelves of nostalgic candies while waiting for my creation.  While I've never asked, and probably should, the ice cream is very rich and probably has a high milk fat making it nice and creamy.The back patio is a great place to relax and enjoy your treat.  They have warmers out there in the winter to keep you nice and toasty.  Just beware not to melt your ice cream.  We will continue to go here for after dinner treats.  I also love that they are open until 11pm.
5	OMG, this place is dangerous.  I can feel my hips expand as soon as I park in front of the store.  I can't have enough of the Butter Pecan ice cream, so buttery and Pecany (is that a word?, I guess now it is).  It is always a treat to come here, thank goodness it is pretty far from my house.  My little boy had the raspberry ice cream, he ended up eating half of his sister's ice cream, too.  He is a fast ice cream eater.  The patio in the back is very cute and we had a great time enjoying the beautiful Phoenix winter weather last weekend.
1	i found this place on a map search, it has no sign when i last went and you don't really notice it.  When i walked in i thought it was really cute, nice and CLEAN.  There were some nice looking treats and was going to order some until i seen Flies sitting on their food.  I told the people that work there that there were flies on their food items and nothing was done, they just kept the food there.  They need to invest in those glass covers if they haven't already done so.  If i didn't experience this then i would have given it a better rating.
5	I am so in love with their salted caramel sauce! I could put it on anything and be a happy lady. Luckily, Churn has plenty of ice cream flavors and other treats to douse in that sweet caramel goodness! The Vietnamese Coffee ice cream is an absolute favorite of mine. It's pure sweet, creamy coffee with espresso bits. Yuuuum! I also really enjoy their vanilla - simple yet delicious. I love the inside. It's cute and brightly decorated. The shop is pretty small, but it seems much larger. The employees have always been super nice and friendly. Always quick to smile and encourage delicious decisions. Churn, Churn, Churn... this is my mantra whenever I crave ice cream. I chant their name out loud so my husband knows to prepare the automobile for delicious discoveries. I wish Churn was closer to home, but it is definitely worth the drive.
4	This place is so cute. I've had lots of different kinds of ice cream and they are all great. I love the cookie dough/rocky road bar! The texture is perfect.
5	Love the dessert but beware of the Oh My Afagato...especially if you are a caffeine light weight like myself. We went here after my birthday dinner and I made the mistake of ordering it without realizing that it came with vietnamese coffee ice cream, not vanilla. I could not understand why I was laughing so much and felt  and was motivated to just start running (i didn't!). After my realization, I traded with my fiance and ate the rest of his Everything but the kitchen sink. The combo of salty, crunchy and sweet was perfect.
1	While the ice cream looked delicious - there was no frozen yogurt.  I was led astray!  But this place sure is popular - the line was out the door.  I am on a quest for a local yogurt joint - not sure why Yelp lists this as both a yogurt & ice cream shop.
4	I normally try to avoid dairy, but after eating across the street at Federal Pizza (and having tried Churn at Devoured a few weeks ago), I dragged my husband into this quaint little ice cream parlor.  By quaint, I mean small, but it is also full to the brim with every sweet piece of candy my childhood nostalgia could remember.  While I managed to restrain myself from emptying my bank account on Necco wafers, plastic army men, caramels, rice krispie treats, and local art, I was there for ice cream, and that's exactly what I got.  It was a tough choice between a strawberry shortcake sundae and a salted caramel freezie, but in the end I was directed towards the strawberry sundae.  It was super creamy, the strawberries were fresh, the whole thing was really flavorful, and there was enough to share (but who does that?  Get your own ice cream!), however - and this is my ONLY complaint - I was a little disappointed that the shortcake part of the strawberry shortcake sundae was actually shortbread cookies...not a soft fluffy piece of cake.  Alas, my pain didn't last for long thanks to the wonderful ambiance and delicious noms, and I will definitely return when I find myself up in this area again!
5	The girl who helped us is an evil, seductive temptress with her ice cream scoop. Here's the deal, I'm wicked lactose intolerant, I had just eaten a bunch of Mac and cheese and was already seriously regretting my life decisions. So of course, instead of just calling it a day, I suggest wandering over to Churn. Ya know, I hadn't been there before and I only want to LOOK. What's the harm in browsing?And then this girl, this adorably sweet and friendly girl behind the ice cream counter is all "oh, just try them! Here.. Have a sample of every flavor we have". So I do, I try them all. And then I order a brownie, and then shes all sweetly saying "why don't I top this off with a scoop of vanilla? And whipped cream with chocolate sauce? You cant just have a plain brownie.. That's just not right." And I'm like putty in her hands. I nod my head weakly in agreement, mumbling something like "no you can't have a plain brownie."And then I buy a bag of mini gummy bears, because, well because they're there.
4	Excellent ice cream! Hubby and I went to this place during recent visit to AZ. In my mind I wanted to get an cookie ice cream sandwich, but was turned off when I saw a big, fat horse fly sitting on top of a chocolate chip cookie having a meal. Gross! Since none of the baked goods were covered, I dismissed any chance of trying those and hubby and I decided to split a Fat Elvis sundae. The peanut butter ice cream was great, as were all the toppings. Definitely come here for the ice cream, but skip the baked goods unless you don't mind the thought of flies walking all over your food and putting their digestive fluids on your cookie. This fly was slurping up a chocolate chip, he wasn't just flitting around, he'd settled in for a long meal on that cookie! Eew!
4	I've been here a few times now, usually after eating at Windsor or Federal Pizza and have enjoyed it every time.  Where else can you get some of the best rocky road I've ever had and a wax mustache?I'm sure as the weather warms I'll be visiting this place more and more often.
5	Been to this place several times so I guess it's time to write a review. While the shop itself is a rather small store it is always packed with young and old alike. Who doesn't like a little sugar rush after visiting one of the local restaurants?What comes to mind when I step into Churn is did I really just reach "88 miles per hour"? This store totally takes me back in time.  I know there are a plethora of 1950's style diners but this old school candy and ice cream store reminds me of going to the local drug store and buying a sundae for a quarter as a kid in the tiny town of Haysprings Nebraska, where you could buy a bag of candy for a nickel from the local pharmacist.  While as a kid in a small town your choices were usually limited to vanilla and whatever berry was in season, Churn offers a wide variety of traditional and contemporary flavors like vanilla or peanut butter.  I would love to see a bacon flavor one day:)  when one of my party ordered a rocky road they made it fresh with giant pieces of nuts and a toasted marshmallow on top. It was amazing. Not only does this place have awesome ice cream but it is also a candy store. I found so many candies that I loved as a child that are quite difficult to find anymore. Some of the candies are fun playful items like wax mustaches and candy ninjas while others are more traditional gummy bears and jelly beans.  Overall plan on taking a trip through time and enjoy the friendly service and great food   Don't forget to bring an insulin shot though as you will probably leave with a sugar high.
4	Just a really nice old school ice cream joint.  The staff was very nice and they also sold some old school candies I have not seen in years.
4	Yum! Had the cookies and mint. Definitely delicious. I was a little surprised by the lack of flavors. They had maybe 8 or 10 and nothing crazy. The parking was also horrendous.
5	First of all OMG, they have the best ice cream in town, or even in the US.   I'm normally frozen yogurt girl, but this ice cream is amazing.   So, I have been here a couple times now.  The first time I had the coffee ice cream. It tasted just like coffee, but better.   Then the second time I had the peanut butter, coconut and butter pecan.  Now these 3 flavors were amazing together.   All I can say is that I know that I will definitely be coming back here for ice cream in the near future.  :)
4	Pretzel cone...that is all.
5	Best Ice Cream I have had since being in AZ
5	Pretzel Cone. Need I say more?!? I am normally not an ice cream girl. I'd take chips and salsa over dessert any day.  My husband on the other hand LOVES ice cream, so when we were out with some friends we  had to stop in. I was contemplating whether to just get coffee, but then I saw the pretzel cone sitting by the window. It's like the heavens opened!! Such a good idea. I asked the girl working what she suggested with the pretzel cone and she recommended the Butter Pecan. mmmmmmhmmm. What a perfect combo. I think I finished my whole ice cream cone for the first time in my life. The cone was not soggy and just the right amount of salt. Can't wait to come back and get another!!
5	Best ice cream in town, the Kitchen Sink sundae was phenomenal.  The staff is so energetic and have so much pride in their products.  Be careful as this place is habit forming!   :  )
5	Ice cream is amazing (but the iced tea tastes like bananas). I still love this place.
2	With all the hype on how good the butter pecan ice-cream is, we gave it a try.  It tasted just like cheap store bought ice-cream.  What a disappointment!!! The cookie was the only item that tasted any good.
4	Delicious!  The butter pecan and Vietnamese coffee flavors are wonderful. Perfect treat for a hot summer day.  I gave 4 stars only because I think the sundae prices are a little high, but it won't stop us from going back.  What a great splurge!
5	Adorable. Only has outdoor seating but they have misters.
5	We all but live across the street from this den of iniquities.  I am such a regular that if they don't see me for a week, they notice.  TERRIBLE!I've been to a few of the local ice cream shops.  The Pink Spot, Mary Coyle, Nami, Sweet Republic.  I am not counting the froyo joints, that is NOT ice cream.  Anyways, they are all great and have their own unique textures, flavors and spins.  However, Churn is the hands-down winner for pure, creamy, insane ice cream goodness.  Pricing is not bad either, with the Ice Cream Sandwich being the best deal.Hubby adores when the rotating special is PB&J.  My signature cup includes two scoops of vanilla atop a red velvet cookie with salted caramel atop.  *swoons*I love my neighborhood. :)
5	OMG homemade ice cream! *drool*This place is delicious. A friend took me and my two little kids and we were all very pleased. I think I had some sort of cheesecake flavored ice cream. The shop is so cute. And the have pretzel cones!! I can't write anymore about this place because my mouth is starting to water and they're not open yet...
5	Loved everything about this place the Vietnamese espresso was amazing and the lemon bar desert was beyond amazing!
5	So, after over a year of begrudging the inability to find a parking spot here and avoiding a trip, the heat of a summer afternoon in Phoenix drove me to Church (and a parking spot) for ice cream.I can officially say this is my favorite ice cream spot in Phoenix.We love Sweet Republic but it's far away for us central phx inhabitants.  and while they have so many options, we only really like the mint chip.Here they have not an overwhelming number of flavors, but oh so delicious.  Husband loved his strawberry shortcake sundae (all very creative on that board; we'll be back for more).  I loved my vietnamese coffee and madagascar vanillla, with the vanilla addition a suggestion by my love scooper.  So yummy!  I had one scoop of each with snickerdoodle cookie, which was just the right amount of soft and crunchy.We fell in love!  I can't wait to go back (next on my list is strawberry ice cream in a waffle cone) and husband wants one of the cookie ice cream sandwiches.  So happy that we finally went for a visit and now we know we have fantastic homemade ice cream just 5 minutes away. :)
5	Completely obsessed. It's like the cooler cousin of a 50s-style soda shop. I'm always conflicted with whether I want coffee or ice cream when I go but then I remember that they have the world's best coffee ice cream... or the option of an affogato which includes both espresso and their Vietnamese coffee ice cream AND Mexican coke. Not just win-win. Win-win-win.
5	Churn is always a perfect ending....whether you just stuffed your face across the street at Federal Pizza (like we did yesterday), while you are winding down after an amazing day, or if you really just want ice cream.I wanted to try something new so I had the coconut lime sorbet. It was refreshing and a little tart. Just about perfect. The kids each had a kids cone, which come with a fun little ring. Hubby had two scoops, one of which was a half scoop of two different flavors since he couldn't make up his mind (double chocolate, peanut butter, and banana...YUM!).  We redeemed one of our punch cards (buy 5, get 1 free....awesome deal) and the total came to $10. Next time I am going to get an ice cream sandwich (your choice of ice cream in between two cookies for $4).In addition to the wonderful ice cream, the nostalgic candy and toys are also a great find. Last Christmas I picked up a bunch of stocking stuffers here and I know this will me my go to place again this year. Let's just hope I make it back there before then.
5	So good! We stopped in for a couple scoops of ice cream and were not disappointed. The toasted coconut is delicious. It's creamy, flavorful, and I thought the serving size was fair. The Vietnamese coffee was also great. If you're a coffee fan, I highly suggest trying it.The shop is really cute with lots of candy for sale. I will definitely be back to try other flavors.
5	Super cute place from the owners of postino/Windsor/federal pizza. They have about 12 flavors of ice cream, yogurt, and sorbets that are constantly rotating, and I haven't had a bad one yet. My most recent order was lime-coconut sorbet (tart and refreshing), orange buttermilk sherbet (a slightly creamier version of the creamsicle), and a brown butter toffee bar (soft and just plain delicious). They also offer a variety of cookies for ice cream sandwiches, old timey candies, and shakes/sundaes. The inside of the shop is adorable, like an old fashioned soda shop (or shall I say, shoppe), and it shares a cute outside patio with Windsor. Actually, the patio is so well done you can barely see the parking lot and the misters keep it cool (even at 117 degrees!!!).
4	A good old fashioned ice cream store with yummy frozen treats.  I normally stumble into Churn after having a dinner at Federal Pizza.  I make sure I have room for dessert when I'm in the neighborhood.  Churn is an adorable shop that has Great homemade ice cream with tons of toppings to choose from.  They even sell nostalgic candies and toys.  You remember the Fortune Fish that you would put on your hand to tell your fortune, they have it!  I will be coming back for more treats soon!
5	Three words: Toasted Marshmallow FluffThe ice cream at this shop is delicious and homemade. And they will top your scoop with homemade marshmallow fluff and toast it with a blow torch. It's delicious!The shop is also a good place to look for vintage candy. They have a comfortable mister-cooled seating area outside and good music.
4	Went here for the first time about a week ago and LOVED the Peanut Butter ice cream, truly hit the spot.  The girl behind the counter was super nice about the fact that we swooped in about 3 minutes before closing and made sure to tip her for putting up with my indecision as it was my first time there. She was great with giving samples and answering questions.Ive never been a big ice cream on a cone guy, but I gave the pretzel cone a try and it didnt work well with the Peanut Butter ice cream but might work well with another flavor.  Should have stuck with my gut and had her make it into a shake.Will definitely go back to take more of a look around as its also kind of a toy store too and to really see (and taste of course) all the different flavors.
4	My friends and I had just finished an amazing dinner at Windsor and we were full but my friend insisted that go get some ice cream next door. The inside of this shop is adorable. It reminds me of a old soda shop. The ice cream is homemade and they had all sorts of candy and other homemade goodies. I tried the Oh my Affogato which was a coke/ coffee ice cream float. My first time trying the Affogato and it was delicious!!! I'll defiantly be coming back next time I'm in the area :)
4	UPDATE: They now have Vietnamese Coffee as an ice cream flavor.  Was it good? oh hell yah! If you know what I'm talking about it, you know what is up.  In case you don't, you should try some coffee the next time you are at a Vietnamese restaurant.  Vietnamese coffee is basically strong black coffee plus condensed milk.
4	Alright so this is the first time I had ever seen a pretzel ice cream cone. Had to try it. On the recommendation of one of the employees, I went with the buttered pecan ice cream. Good pairing. Pretzel cone: The little bit of extra salt you get from the pretzel cone def adds to the flavor of the buttered pecan. That, I liked. When I got down to eating the cone... I wasn't as happy. It's harder/more condensed, not as light/crispy as an actual pretzel. I'm guessing they may have to make them this way to withstand the ice cream, but I didn't like it. I ended up breaking the cone apart with my hand to get the rest of the ice cream, then throwing it away. If you've never had one, I'd still recommend trying it because my wife thought it was great. It just wasn't my thing. I would go with my old friend Waffle cone next time. The Ice Cream:Just as their name implies, the ice cream tastes like the old skool, made with a hand cranked, wood plank Churner type of ice cream. So good. Everything about it tasted natural and fresh. Their ice cream is spectacular. This is a cool little ice cream shop. The staff were friendly/helpful, they played good music and the back patio area is a nice place to sit and enjoy your delicious frozen treat. I could see myself regularly ruining a good workout here.
5	My big brother has taken me here twice. We love the ambiance, and the ridiculously tasty treats! It's so nice to sit outside and listen to music, and chat with friends and/or family. There's such a fresh, urban feel! I would certainly recommend this spot to my friends!
5	Best ice cream I've ever had...hands down. Their sherbet and shakes are also bomb. There isn't much more to say about this place other than the fact that it is a must-try place in Phoenix. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is homey. Theres also a back patio where you can enjoy your treats. Located right by Federal Pizza, Postinos, and Windsor, it's easy to skip dessert at the restaurant and try this place for a change.Overall, if you love ice cream GO TO CHURN.
5	I'm not a big ice cream fan but I absolutely LOVED Churn and that says a lot. It was a hot 120 degree in Phoenix and my boyfriend wanted some good ole' fashioned ice cream, being the great girlfriend that I am (I'm not always this narcissistic, I swear) I agreed to go. And I'm so glad I did! The minute we walked in we were greeted with dime candy, a pleasant aroma and friendly workers eager to give us samples of each and every flavor we had a question about. When I saw they had Vietnamese Coffee ICE CREAM, I was completely sold. I decided to mix that with their Coconut Ice Cream and was immediately glad I chose the combination! They have various cone options too to add to the experience, which I like. They had a pretzel cone--and one that I never have heard of-- a cake batter cone! There's not much space to sit indoors but that didn't matter because the back patio was set with charming seating and misters. I can't wait to go again and try their sundaes- they sounded delicious! I'll be trying their infamous Kitchen Sink.
4	I've heard sooooo many good things about this place and I love me some ice cream so I just had to check it out. I came here with my sister last weekend for dessert after a lovely dinner. I heard they have Vietnamese coffee ice cream now so OBVIOUSLY I just had to try it. lol. What a good choice! I had half of that mixed with one of my other favorites which is butter pecan. Loved it! Everyone was extremely friendly and it's such a cute little ice cream shop and everything is actually very reasonably priced. I'm so bummed that there isn't one on my side of town otherwise I'd probably go all the time. I'll definitely be coming back if I'm ever in the area. Need my Vietnamese coffee ice cream! =P
3	Ice cream good. Service not so much. The young lady that served us this evening was much more interested in continuing her conversation with her co-worker than anything I had to say.
5	So my body has the same aversion to the lactose in ice cream as it has to people who use the word 'kewl'.   But Churn is worth the physical punishment.  This has to be the cutest ice cream shop I have ever been to.  The ice cream is made all in house and the chocolate chip cookie I had mine with tasted like my grand mammy made it.  It competes for the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had.  That's how serious this is people.  It's a small shop but there is seating out back and they get you in and out really quick so don't let a line detour you.  It's also in the same spot as a bunch of awesome hip restaurants.  So let this be your last stop after Il Postino, Windsor or Federal Pizza.  Look at me planning your next date for you. You're welcome.
4	An adorable spot, with retro candy and an old-fashioned (yet updated) vibe.  This is my go-to spot after a meal at Federal, Postino, or Windsor.  Good planning putting all of those places in close proximity to tasty ice cream! Milkshakes are delicious, and I love the option to mix multiple flavors together to create to perfect taste.  Ice cream sandwiches are another must-try.  Your only option for seating is outdoors, but you can suck it up and be hot for a few minutes - you're eating ice cream after all!
4	A frozen treat only few can beat!      I've been on an ice cream sandwich kick lately, so when I cruised out to Scottsdale on a weekend getaway I Had to check this place out. Unique flavors filled the chilly coolers and with a strong bias towards anything mint or chocolate I had to go with that. Mint chip, and double chocolate ice cream comfortably snuggled in between one oatmeal apricot raisin cookie and on the opposite side a white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie. The above average sized cookies wouldn't have been my first choice but that is all they had left. I showed up towards the end of the night so they are not entirely to blame for the lack of selection.     The ice cream was delicious, creamy and chilled my bones. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some ice cream and cookies frozen up in a tasty package.
4	Really awesome little neighborhood candy and dessert shop.  Variety of treats available including rice Krispy treats, ice creams, pies, and hard candies.  I got the s'mores sundae.  Holy moly was it good (and huge).  It was about $6 but worth every penny.  There's seating just behind the place as well as the seating at Windsor to supplement.  My one complaint?  Parking.  Unless you get lucky and find a spot, you basically have no choice but to do valet.  It's not required to pay the valet but I'm strongly compelled to do so (guess its just the way I was brought up).
4	First, I really had a hard time deciding to give them 3 or 4 stars. Taking off a star is just from their parking. I understand that it is a complimentary valet parking but seriously who needs a valet parking for a scoop of ice cream? You are there for a cheap ice cream and you have to tip like 30% of what ice cream itself costs? I might sound too thrifty but I would love the valet and tip if I'm having a dinner at least. Last time I went there, I had to wait for a parking spot for like 10 minutes because there are like 8 spaces where you can park on the street which is full all the time. And you have to walk a long way depending on the spot you get. One time I just had to leave because I couldn't find the spot.Enough bitxxing about the parking, I really love the ice cream they have a rich flavor, my favorite is double chocolate. My only complaint will be the lack of selection. They have about 8 flavors and a few of them change time to time so there is not much you can choose from. But still I only choose double chocolate so it doesn't bother me. Oh the staff are nice too. Price is relatively cheap compared to nearby ice cream shops.
5	We rushed over but still only made it 10 minutes before closing on a Friday! The employees could not have been nicer. They didn't rush us at all and were chatty and friendly. They have tons of interesting flavors of ice cream and vintage and modern candy. I had cookies & mint ice cream in a pretzel cone. The ice cream was delicious. Pretzel cone was not my taste but I don't regret trying it and it was definitely something new and interesting!
5	Some of the best ice cream out there! Toasted coconut with hit fudge and chocolate covered almond! Divine
5	Our first visit here and it was awesome! The ice cream is creamy and delicious. The shop is so cute when you walk in with candies and toys lining the walls.  Friendly staff, inviting decor and delicious ice cream. You can not go wrong here :)
5	I love churn! The employees are always very friendly, and encourage you to try samples of new flavors. The ice cream is amazing, and the place is always clean. Whenever you're craving ice cream churn is the place to go!
5	I'm lactose intolerant and this place was SO worth the bubble guts (sorry tmi).There was a pretty long line when we pulled up Fri night. But I was pleasantly surprised that it moved really fast. So don't let the line deter you.I got the Madagascar vanilla topped with salted caramel. Oh hell yes...YES! Mouth orgasm. It was blissful. Get it.My daughter ordered strawberry which was also amazing and fresh. We were able to sit outside at the tables in the back which was lovely.My hubby ordered a cappuccino and said it was not good though :(I went back after the line died down and tried samples of all the flavors :) Vietnamese coffee, mint chocolate, blueberry, toasted coconut, praline...they were all DELICIOUS. You can tell they use really high quality ingredients. Service was really friendly too. They totally didn't mind letting me sample everything and chatting. They also made a few recommendations. The shop itself it totally cute too. Retro decor with old school candy, gum and toys to purchase as well.Can't wait to come back!
4	I found this little gem about a year ago on my quest to try as many cool ice cream places as I could find. I bring my four year old with me and she loves it. The flavors ate refreshing and unique and they taste really good. Good enough for a picky four year old to enjoy. She's eating the white chocolate raspberry sorbet right now and has gotten the blueberry frozen yogurt and the the grapefruit lime as well. The I Lu con would be that there's no indoor seating but they have outdoor seating with misters. Cute candy shop ambience.
5	Obsessed with Churn! Such a perfect ice cream parlor, complete with homemade flavors and cones, a plethora of toppings, fresh baked cookies, expresso bar and tons old fashioned candy.  This place is sure to satisfy any sweet tooth. It feels as though you are stepping back in time, to an era when grabbing an ice cream cone was a full throttle experience that encouraged socializing and indulging. Besides the perfect ambiance, the ice cream is unbelievably delish! My favorite is Butter Pecan, but you can't go wrong with any choice Churn! (Great chocolate milkshakes too!)
4	I have only been here once but the ice cream was delicious. We got one scoop of ice cream and a cookie sandwich. This place was packed with people but the employees know the drill and got everyone through the line quick. Ice cream was delicious. Very rich and creamy and the peanut butter cookie that went with it was probably the best peanut butter cookie I have ever had.If you have a sweet tooth or looking for some post dinner dessert, this is your spot!
5	Delish! We were looking for a treat after the Dbacks game... Picked the right spot! The girls are sweet and patient with my indecisive husband. I had the Vietnamese Coffee with a peanut butter cookie on the bottom (bomb choice) and he had the mint cookie which he says was "good". Reasonably priced...just wish there were more places to sit!
4	Cute little place!Very random, but creative flavors.  My niece and nephew were in town for a couple of weeks and I needed somewhere cute to take them...found it!They LOVED the homemade ice cream nestled in between some pretty darn good cookies!  Ok...fine...so did I!Everything seems as if it homemade and the staff is extremely friendly!Love the decor as well.  Very fun and welcoming!
5	I hate ice cream. I hate it because it is so good. Churn is on top of my hate list. Salted caramel is hated too.. especially with cocolate ice cream... talk about hate.
5	Best fresh pumpkin ice cream I've ever had! It's a cute shop chock full of goodies for kids of all ages.  Enthusiastic staff bring you the most yummy dessert you could ever hope for.  There is limited outside seating available in the back where you can savor every spoonful.
4	Cookie was rough but ice cream was really good, recommend the chocolate fudge. I had the peanut butter cookie and coconut macroon cookie as my two cookies for the sandwich. A little hard to dig into.
4	AWESOME icecream.  I sampled three different flavors before I settled on ordering the Vietnamese Iced Coffee flavor.  Everything I tried was interesting and tasty.  The staff was friendly and helpfu.  The atmosphere is cute and quirky.  They have lots of fun things for sale there.  The only con?  The cookies are terrible!  They are hard and dry and flavorless.  So yeah, don't get the icecream cookie sandwich, just get a scoop by itself and you'll be happy.Also they have heaters on their patio which makes for a cozy time hanging out with friends!
5	Five star! the place is well decorated. I was like a kid in a candy store! Love it! So colorful and full of fun stuff. I took a pic with the nerdy glasses. The person who helped me and the cashier was very friendly. I got the vietnamese coffee sandwich with chocolate chuck cookies and the molasses crisp. Yumm!!!
4	First time at this place friday night. Loved the atmosphere, very classic candy shop. They had a big selection of childhood favorite candies. So on to the ice cream, fantastic. Creamy and homemade tasting. I had a strawberry shortcake sundae. Only thing i wish was different was the shortcake, as they used cookies instead. Good sized portions. Ill be going back.
5	Had the Vanilla sprinkled w/ walnuts and drizzled w/ the home made Carmel.. It was incredible! Have eaten at Windsor many times, this would be a very nice finish to a great meal! Had two scoops as an afternoon dessert may consider getting three next time!
4	Phoenix and its large abundance of ice cream shops, Churn rates high in the cutesy scale. Small in size, it appeals to me since they have good ice cream as well delectable sweets. I love their assortment of cookies and bars. I like that you can make your own ice cream sandwich, and that it's encouraged. I've been here numerous times but I would like to highlight the professionalism of their staff when accommodating my niece who has a peanut allergy. They made sure to rinse the ice cream scooper as well take out a new tub of the double chocolate ice cream, in order to ensure that there wouldn't be any contamination whatsoever. I commend the staff for doing that extra step. bravo. Anywho, if you plan to eat at the ice cream shop, there are tables in the back patio, and since there's lack of parking, complimentary valet is offered (no need to risk your life crossing busy central ave. by parking across the street).
5	Boyfriend and i come here after dinner all the time for date night...  orrrr you can ride your bike here with your sister and thinking you ride your calories off, but then really you enjoy scoops and scoops of ice cream and adding calories on...lolzThis place is like heaven.  You walk in and your jaw just drop, like a little kid in a candy shop.  Haha wait. It is :D LOVE THE CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS Many flavors, My number one favorite has to be the MINT AND CHOCOLATE and the VIETNAMESE COFFEE!!!The only negative thing i have to say is... I wish there were tables INSIDE, we were standing while eating our ice cream. Boo..Over all.  5 stars!!!! Love it.
5	We go to Churn so often, I had assumed I had written a review- but I realized I hadn't!Churn serves up some of the best Ice Cream in the greater Phoenix area. So good, that we stop in even during the winter. Flavors that keep us coming back: Mint Oreo Ice cream, and any number of Chocolate sorbets: dark chocolate, white raspberry chocolate, etc. with Salted Caramel on top.Also a huge fan of the s'mores bars!Kim is our favorite ice cream scooper. Everyone is super friendly.Stop in, bring the kids, your friends, or a date! Fun for everyone!
4	A cute little sweet shop.  Ice cream was creamy and some fun flavors- Vietnamese coffee and peppermint (not too minty, not too sweet).  Try their seltzer caramel on the coffee ice cream!I loved all their fun candies- I stocked up for Christmas stocking stuffers!  And they had a nice little selection of baked goods like cookies and brownies."Kids" behind the counter were engaging and enthusiastic, perhaps a tad over-enthusiastic.The only thing I really didn't like was the lack of parking (who does valet for ice cream!?) and I really disliked eating with a wooden stick- may I please just have a normal spoon??
5	Cute little shop, awesome ice cream, great service.That about sums it up! :) This place is adorable. Their display of ice cream, cookies and sweets is something right out of your dreams...and it has a retro vibe! :) They don't have 31 flavors....and yes, you could probably buy a gallon or two of that grocery store stuff for the same price. But you would be missing out. What they lack in variety and affordability, they more than make up for in quality. I would rather eat ice cream here once or twice a month than have mediocre ice cream everyday! You can sample any and everything. They usually even have little samples of their various cones and cookies that you can try before you commit. My favorites you ask? Hands down, the Butter Pecan. I'm not a Butter Pecan kind of girl normally. As a matter of fact, this is probably the only place that I eat Butter Pecan! The flavor is ethereal. You can really taste the separate components of the ice cream, but they all come together beautifully. The pecans alone are delicious. You have to try it....words don't do it justice! I also love their Vietnamese Coffee ice cream. It tastes like the best Vietnamese Coffee you've ever had. But frozen, and creamier! The Madagascar Vanilla is yummy as well, as was their seasonal Pumpkin Pie I've cream. To be honest, you probably can't go wrong here. There wasn't one sample that I didn't like.They have really friendly customer service. They encourage you to try as many flavors as you want. This place is always on my list when I'm in town....and I dream of it when I'm not... ;)
4	Delicious ice cream, delightful staff and local charm. We LOVE Churn and find ourselves enjoying an ice cream more often than is likely necessary these days! The staff is very helpful and pleasant and ice cream "sampling" is actually encouraged---- score!The peanut butter ice cream is divine and the available flavors rotate regularly. There are two potential negatives to be aware of: 1. Parking. There are very few parking spaces and these are reserved for valet, which is pretty lame given their location and the caliber of the businesses (not upscale). 90% of my visits have been on a bike so I didn't  realize the inconvenience until recently. Park across the street or in the restricted business lot to the North.2. There is no indoor seating. I usually crave ice cream when it's nice out so this has not been an issue for me... just a warning:).
5	Always the best.  Now on a first name basis with most of the staff and their hot chocolate is oh so very delicious.  My very favourite ice cream shop!
4	This is my first review, one which after visiting Churn, I felt very compelled to write! I chose this place randomly, as it was equidistant between myself and a friend I was meeting up with. It had 4 stars on Yelp, and I myself holding Yelp to a very high regard, I thought I could trust it. And I'm so very glad that I did! Churn was charming, delicious, and an overall delightful experience. The staff was enthusiastic and incredibly helpful, and while they didn't have lots and lots of options, there were many choices as far as alterations on what they did provide. It was very reasonably priced, and the portions were huge. I chose to make a custom cookie sandwich with their mint cookie ice cream and chocolate chip cookies. I would recommend this particular flavor any time, and can't wait to get back to try the rest of what they have!
5	Homemade, local, honest ice cream. This place is super cute, and the staff is always very friendly.There is an assortment of older style candy, brining in a nice retro-vintage-esque to your visit. The ice cream is always superb, as is their award winning salted caramel topping. (Rich, thick drizzle...need I say more?!)There is limited parking, but plenty nearby. I think we can all handle walking a block for ice cream ;).. And if not, have someone run in and grab it! There is no indoor seating, just outside in front and in back.If you appreciate local charm and are looking for some great ice cream, shakes, malts or cookies, make a pit stop at Churn.P.s. Butter Pecan & salted caramel topping is one of my favs!
5	I adore this charming sugar shop.  The ice cream and cookies are delicious! If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth I would highly recommend Churns.
4	This place is ambrosial. From the moment you walk in! The decor is perfect and their flavor combos are worth every penny!
5	oh my gosh, there ice cream sandwiches are the friggin' bomb!  this is the first review i wrote in all caps, because you will get your sweet tooth on!i will see you soon!Well, I tried to write in all caps, but that didn't work...
5	Afterward Windsor,  step next door and have a handmade ice cream or sorbet from Churn.  You'll like the old-fashioned candy store feel and you can have tastes from Sebastian, one of the happiest guys that I've ever met. I personally get the Peanut Butter w/ Hot Fudge or even add in some Butter Pecan.  My wife loves their Mint Chocolate Chip, it is tasty.Careful on your timing though, there may be a line out the door!
5	Ughhhh butter pecan ice cream is the best ice cream I have ever eaten. I don't think I've ever ordered butter pecan in my life but one sample spoon bite changed my life. I got a single scoop of it, which was surprisingly big. Halfway through eating it I started getting nauseous because I was already really full from dinner. But I kept eating and now I'm laying in bed dealing with the consequences of my gluttony. Worth. Every. Bite. Butter pecan: salty, sweet, creamy. Lots of pecans. They had a slight popcorn taste which was cool. Salted chocolate chunk cookie: chewy with crispy edges and a really nice salted taste. Also one of the best cookies I've gotten at an ice cream shop. Please go.
5	One of the top things my boyfriend and I love: ice cream. He currently lives in California and whenever he visits, I take him to new foodie places in Arizona. After visiting Churn, he said he LOVED this place, and so do I!The flavors are simple, which is great for people like us who love everything but are indecisive. They lack crazy flavors unlike most ice cream chains, but each flavor is so fresh and delicious on its own that it doesn't need anything else! The ice cream cookie sandwiches are our favorite - the ice cream stays cold while the cookie gives it a bit of crunchy goodness. My personal favorite is chocolate chip mint on a chocolate brownie cookie. I was seeing stars (and that's a good thing)!The shop is small, yes, and parking is very limited, but that's what makes this place so special. You're there to get ice cream and enjoy it outside. Even if it's cold or blazing hot, you're in love with Churn's ice cream and after you're done, you're going to want to walk through and look at the toys and goodies they sell there. The place is too darn cute for its own good, and Arizona should be proud of having this little gem around.
5	Three days after my visit to Churn and I am still thinking about their chocolate cookie. OMG! The boyfriend and I went to Churn after dinner at Federal Pizza (which is also awesome, btw). The kids working behind the counter were so friendly and fun. It seems like a great place to work! After a few sample bites I decided to get a scoop of peanut butter in a pretzel cone and boyfriend got a scoop of strawberry with a chocolate cookie and toasted fluff on top. The ice cream was so creamy and yummy. The pretzel cone went well with the PB but it was pretty thick and in turn very filling. Not sure I'd go pretzel again but it was definitely worth trying once.I was just sitting there thoroughly enjoying my ice cream when boyfriend offered a bite of his. That's when I had the cookie. Seriously one of the best cookies anywhere. The chocolate combined with the ice cream, combined with the fluff. Holy crap. SO GOOD. Why we didn't buy more cookies to go I don't know. Big mistake. I'm already planning my next order - chocolate cookie with vanilla and caramel on top? Or maybe chocolate cookie with peanut butter and fluff? Or maybe just 5 cookies? I dunno. I just know I can't wait to have more.
5	Absolutely delicious ice cream sandwich!  Mint chocolate cookies with mint cookie ice cream. The cookies were very moist with a little bit of crunch from the mint. The ice cream was perfect. It was a combination made in ice cream heaven. The staff was great - very friendly and serving a line of people at 10:30pm with speed and grace. You can sample the ice cream flavors if you aren't sure. Very clean very cute place. Nice patio outside back. Will be back next time we are in Phoenix.
4	While the ice cream is very good, I found the flavors to be uninspiring.  Churn is good  if your'e a classic-flavors kind of person, but I like to try new things and they didn't offer many beyond the traditional.
5	We went here after enjoying dinner at Windsor next door.  Everyone behind the counter was super friendly and encouraged us to sample a few flavors before deciding on one to order.  I had the Caramel Cashew and it was delicious.  My wife went for the Cookies and Mint.  You can definitely tell the quality and homemade taste of the ice cream.  A great follow up to the excellent dinner at Windsor.
5	Dear Churn,I love you. Peanut butter ice cream. Seriously? You had me at pretzel cone but peanut butter ice cream? How can a girl say no to that?Super cute shop, friendly staff, and a speedy service line makes getting your ice cream craving cured pain free and fun.  Love all the knick knacks although the toys right at kid level were pretty devious of you.But...peanut butter ice cream. Yeah. That makes it all better.
5	I love their late hours! My night was almost ruined until someone said churn stayed open later than other shops. We got there just before the last min rush. It was crazy how many people line up, into the parking lot, 10 minutes before closing. It's that good! The staff are always friendly too.
4	Soo this place is like something you would see in Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factor sans the chocolate. It had those candies I grew up with like Boston Baked Beans, Lemon Heads, and yes Big League Chew. The restaurant is vibrant in color, staff, personality. Can't make up your mind, sample away!I had the Madagascar Vanilla and the Butter Pecan. The Vanilla was DELISH, but I've had better butter pecan. I do feel like I need to go back and try some of their fancy combinations (sundaes, ice cream sandwiches, or milkshakes).One thing to note is that because they are HIGH service, it can be a bit slow. I waited a good 10 minutes before ordering and arrived right before the crowd. When I left there was a line out the door.. I suppose a testament of their sweet treats.
5	I'd have no problem driving across town for one of their 'freezies'. Interested in knowing how I maintain my status as the "most favored uncle"?  Frequent visits with the kiddos to this place that's how.
4	This place is so cute! I had to go for the pretzel cone- that was love at first sight! I had hazelnut ice cream in said cone- it even had real hazelnut pieces mixed in! YUM! My sister ordered an ice cream sandwich and it was HUGE and delicious. The girl behind the counter was liiiiiitle awkward but mostly nice. I loved the mountains of candy all around too! The back patio is adorable and the perfect place to enjoy delicious ice cream. The parking is kind of a mess but that's normal for the area I suppose.
5	The sweetest, most charming, little indulgent shop I know. If you're in downtown Phoenix and are craving something sweet, then you must, and I mean must, head on over to Churn. It's located on Central ave right next to Windsor (another must try btw). It features freshly made churned ice cream with simple ingredients and no added preservatives or stabilizers! This is the real, good, old school way to eat ice cream ya'll. They offer so many fun flavors and with their choices of sundaes, ice cream cookie sandwiches, milkshakes, and floats, the possibilities are endless.If ice cream isn't your thing, or you just want something sweet, their selection of candies are sure to satisfy and take you back a few years into your childhood. They also make fresh baked goods, have delicious coffee, and sell fun throwback toys like army men and yo yo's!Churn brought an instant smile to my face the moment I walked in. I couldn't help but want to try it all and the service was incredible too. What a great place to spend a beautiful spring day in Phoenix. Definitely check it out and bring the whole family for a treat they'll never forget.
1	Heard of this place through work. Very disappointed. Flys are horrible and trapped in the dishes, no seating. Outside few tables only had one umbrella for shade so we were melting in the sun. Music is blaring. They were out of nuts, had spoiled butter pecan sitting in the freezer with the other ice cream. Horrible horrible place.
2	I just wasn't as impressed with this place as I thought I would be. After perusing their menu, I figured this would be a home run, but sadly wasn't the case. I mean, the ice cream was fine. But that's kinda the thing -- it was just fine. It wasn't Baskin-Robbins quality, but it didn't taste like the hype was justified.I did like the selection of candies, though.Perhaps I sold myself short by not having the pretzel cone. Oh well. Perhaps a second visit may be a little more of the true Churn experience.
5	I had the blueberry ice cream and the almond whiskey ice cream which was my favorite. The almost whiskey ice cream was very smooth and creamy. I wish I tried it in a waffle cone. The place is very small but it's cute. The ice cream was amazing and I will be back.
5	Cute place, delish treats. They even have old school candy. "Oh My, Razzles." We were just talking about them and how we could not find them anywhere. I love their Salted Caramels, yum. I also had a scoop of pretty darn good coconut ice cream. I love this darling little shop. By the way, the girl who works there is delightful. The only negative is that a lady came in with a Non- Service dog. That is a big no no for me.
5	Old fashioned, hand dipped ice cream will forever be a bringer of joy. My first official job was at an old school ice cream shoppe in York, PA, where I worked for four years along with other jobs until my studies conflicted with my work schedule. It was the best job I have ever had. This job taught me the value of a dollar, and how having a passion for service results in more money and a feeling of self-fulfillment. My parents liked it because they had a never ending supply of ice cream in their freezer. "Don't come home unless you have a hot fudge sundae." Yes, Dad.So many great things have already been said about Churn, so I will just reiterate what has already been said. Churn rocks! Grab one of their awesome delicacies and enjoy them on their patio seating in the rear of the building. I particularly love the  S'mores sundae--it's huge, the graham crackers are fresh, and the butane torched marshmallow is its cherry on top, so to speak. It sucks there's only valet, but I'm glad there's parking nonetheless.The service was exceptionally friendly, and the gentleman behind the counter told me I could sample anything I wanted. I refrained as I thought, "What would Larry David do?"5 stars for a top quality product and great service!
5	There is not one bad thing to be said about Churn, except that I wish I could get ice cream there every single day. The staff is really bubbly and friendly, the ice cream is to die for, and if you don't get one of their ice cream sandwiches made with homemade ice cream AND homemade cookies, you're completely insane.
5	It is a cute place that sells little candy type stuff and ice cream I had the chocolate malt ice cream in a pretzel cone it was  so  good :-D
5	Mint chocolate ice cream. That's all I need in life. And Churn has the best ice cream in the valley. Prove me wrong!
4	This place is way to small to have such good ice cream! Well, the tiny-ness of the place actually gives it charm, so i'm actually torn on that aspect, but the place does feel packed. The staff is friendly! I wouldn't say that the actual ice cream here is any better than ice cream I've had in the past, but it was definitely great quality. I think what makes this place so good is what they do with the ice cream. The sundaes are seriously just to die for! If I'm ever in this part of Arizona again I will totally be coming back here to try more stuff.
5	Peanut butter ice cream with salted caramel drizzle...could there be anything better in life?!
4	Churn is one of my two favorite ice cream places in the central valley (the other is Sweat Republic).Churn makes their ice cream from natural ingredients and it is good... like "oh man that is good" good..  They also have Illy espresso which is amazing by itself but even better poured over ice cream.There is one problem however...  Churn has  some of the WORST parking ever!  It is right next to (and owned by same owner i believe) the Windsor, which also doesn't have enough parking...Given the parking issue and the recent opening of Sweet Republic on 16th st., I will most likely go there instead.  I will say that Churn's ice cream is a bit "milkier" or "creamier" than sweet Republic's, but they have less adventurous flavors as well.You wont go wrong with either shop... If you can find parking at Churn.Update!Churn no longer has parking issues which is fantastic!  They do however use some ingredients in their ice cream that are questionable if you are looking for all natural product...  They sometimes use candies for their ice creams that may contain food coloring or other ingredients that someone who is trying to follow a stricter dietary regimen may find questionable.
5	There's nothing like good old fashioned ice cream! Churn has it DOWN! They had me at "toasted marshmallow topping." Be still my heart.  I ordered a scoop of PB ice cream with salted caramel & the marshmallow topping. So rich & delicious. They actually torch the homemade marshmallow right there! Awesome! You can tell their ice cream & toppings are made from quality ingredients. The only downfall is parking, it SUCKS! I will stick to coming here at random times & def not during lunch or dinner when the Windsor is packed.
4	If you are deciding between the Strawberry Shortcake or the S'More sundaes, go Strawberry Shortcake furr sure
4	Perfect very good I went back for more but parking is so so limited I had to go across the street and wait for someone to leave
3	Nothing special about the icecream. Flavor was ordinary. Not much parking available. Had to park at Boston Market and walk five minutes to get here. Place inside is really small. It's smaller than regular bathroom and I'm not kidding! Not coming back. Wife rating -2.5/5I'm starting to doubt the genuineness of the reviews. There is no way, this place should have over 3.5. There is a Dairy Queen close to this place that we decided to go next if in the area.
4	Churn is one of my favorite ice cream places to go to.  The ice cream is incredibly delicious, and they also offer plenty of candy and treats for anyone with a sweet tooth as well as coffee.  I also like that they offer pretzel cones, and that you could take home whatever flavor you want in a pint.As for candy and sweet treats...the candy is usually bagged and ready to buy, and you could pick the treats from the counter.  The parking could be so much better though. It's a small place, and there's lots of cars coming and going even though there's a valet in the back.  So I'd have to dock a star for that.   Overall, I like Churn and I would definitely recommend it to others if they're looking to satisfy their sweet tooth on a hot Phoenix day.
5	Holy Mother of Pearly Gates...Churn just did it. And they did it well. My first job at Baskin Robbins birthed a monster , and my sweet tooth has been my inner demon ever since. Going to Churn now was really just to cure boredom, look for wifi (negative) and see why this puppy nearly got 5/5 stars. And after trying their strawberry and coffee - with the pretzel cone, I now know why. Absolutely amazing. Homemade, delicious, scrumptiousness. The parking sucks but I'd walk blocks for this creamy sweetness ....
5	Love this place. Fresh home made pastries and ice cream. Fantastic shakes and freezes. A lot of options for any sweet tooth. Slightly over priced but in this case you get what you pay for. High quality ingredients and friendly staff, also a nice outside patio.
5	Sooo I'm obsessed! Lol I LOVE this place! First time I got the marshmallow with graham crackers? Forgot the name!! Anyways it was a little pricey but once I got my sundae, that thing was huge!! Needless to say I obviously did not finish it. Second time I went I for the strawberry shortcake =bombness!!!!!  Can't go wrong with this place. Excellent customer service just a little packed but line goes quick
5	Best ice cream I've had in quite some time.  Just found my favorite desert spot!  I recommend the Mint Chip!
4	This place has delicious ice cream!! Have been here twice, once around lunch/early dinner time and the second late in the evening after dinner about 9pm'ish? Not very busy early in the evening, long lines at night on the weekend, but worth it!LOVE LOVE LOVE the mint & the Vietnamese coffee!! Also the first time i went there they had a Stout flavor.. but sadly was not there the second time I went! Price is fair and their selection of cones is good as well!Will be back again to try other flavors and milkshakes, etc!
2	Comparing to diddy riese cookies in los Angeles... nothing special imo. The cookies.... don't taste like anything special... the ice cream too. Its a fun dessert area though.
5	Good news!  They have a bigger parking lot!  Now, you can come and enjoy their home-made ice cream and breathe a little easier, knowing your car won't be dinged by someone going by!  I have been going here for over a year now, and I absolutely love this place.  The ice cream is made right there at the location and they always have different flavors.  If you're not sure what you want, they offer samples.  My personal favorites, to name a few, are the Vietnamese Coffee, Toasted Coconut, Peanut Butter, Banana, and Strawberry.  You can even put your ice cream into a cookie sandwich - how awesome is that?!  The great thing about this place - they are even open LATE so you can get your ice cream fix.  Staff is always friendly and eager to take your order.  :)
3	Great ice cream!  I don't know why, but it was so hard to find good ice cream places around here.. Parking was limited in their immediate private lot, but to the right is a larger parking lot available for the neighboring restaurants.  (Postino Central is right across the street!)  When you enter the store, it's like going back to your childhood because all the candies you grew up with are there!  They have about 20 flavors of hand made ice cream.  My favorite was the cookie & mint.  I loved the cookie pieces in the ice cream!  I tried their seasonal Whiskey Toffee and Peach & Honey, but I didn't like either one of those..  The flavors are definitely there, but I wanted something more refreshing like mint. I'd go back for that mint ice cream again!What's cool about Churn is their pretzel cone.  For 2 scoops and a pretzel cone, it was about $4.50.  The scoops were average/good size.  The pretzel cone was ok; I would prefer a waffle cone because it's sweeter.  The pretzel was too salty; it made me more thirsty than I already was in the heat!  I personally wouldn't recommend the pretzel, but I would come back for the ice cream if I were in the area!
4	Yummy!!!!!   Parking was tough, but that's just the way it is in that neighborhood these days (lots of good restaurants in the ara.....).Good stuff!
4	Themed after an old fashioned ice cream parlor, Churn is a hot spot for locals to grab a scoop of hand made ice cream, which is made on site. When I visited Churn, the line went out the door and winded to the back of the shop. While I waited, I preoccupied myself by exploring; along with the display of candy and other kiddish delights, there was a cool cassette tape wall, which had about a hundred cassette tapes mounted to the walll. It was only about a 10 minute wait before it was my turn! All I need to say is S'mores Sundae!!! For $6.50, you get scoops of chocolate ice cream, hot fudge, graham cracker pieces and marshmallow fluff torched until nicely charred. Simply scrumptious!I also ordered a scoop of Peach & Honey on a pretzel cone. I didn't care too much for this flavor but the quality is definitely there. It's something good to try once but I probably wouldn't get this flavor again if I were to come back.
5	Amazing and friendly service! Great desert place and tegu finally have parking near by.
5	I am shocked I haven't reviewed Churn. What is wrong with me? This is the best ice cream in the valley!!!!!! It's the stuff of Willy Wonka's wet dreams (which is, coincidentally also why it's so creamy). You can put any flavor they make between the cookie of your choice!!!!! You can buy bags of gummy bears if the ice cream isn't enough for your fat ass!!!!! You make multiple different kinds of floats!!!!! They let you try all the flavors so you can make an informed decision!!!!!! It's the reason I am using an ungodly amount of exclamation points!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I just really like it, ok?Oh, and to the person doubting the legitimacy of the 5 star reviews, saying Dairy Queen is better ... oh, no, he didn't?! Sir, you, and your wife, have bad taste. I'm sorry, but to give this place a "2.5" is laughable. It really does mean you have bad taste. It's not just because I'm being snarky.
4	Great peanut butter cookie and I am not even a peanut butter fan! Also loved the strawberry and butter pecan ice creams.
4	DO NOT get the peanut butter ice cream and pretzel cone. It's salt on salt! Your tongue is about to get rough...Other than that, this is a nice little, local joint in Phoenix. I would definitely come back for their diabetes in a cup.
3	The entry way of the shop is lined with shelves of nostalgic candy novelties and trinkets, the walls have cutesy hipster artwork, and the back is connected to a restaurant and opens up to a patio with seating. From what I remember, I kept thinking these desserts were rather expensive. I believe a small float was $5.25. That's nearly $6 for a float! However, the treats I sampled were quite tasty. The S'mores Sundae ($6.25) had two scoops of rich, decadent chocolate ice cream, hot fudge, graham crackers, and torched marshmallow fluff - a good treat to share but way too much on your own. I also tried Peach & Honey ice cream in a pretzel cone - I felt as though the honey overpowered the peach flavor and the pretzel cone is a good idea in theory but was a little saltier than I expected. Overall, both were pretty good and perfect with someone with a major sweet tooth!
5	Definitely worth your money. I love how they have the classics if you so choose, but have flavors accommodating to those who dare try something different like the goat cheese pistachio honeycomb which was surprisingly delicious! It's busy which to me means it's worth sticking around for. Everyone is cheerful and helpful!
5	Ever had something so good, you second guess yourself if its even real. I demolished this ice cream sandwich. It was some brownie cookie concoction with peanut butter ice cream in the middle. Sweet fat baby jesus.
5	I've been here twice now and I have to say, Churn is delicious. I had Vietnamese Coffee and the Carrot Cheesecake ice cream and I was not disappointed. I think the Vietnamese Coffee ice cream is the best ice coffee ice cream I've ever had! They used condensed milk and espresso. They also give you an option to add toasted marshmallow fluff, which is absolutely perfect for anyone with a sweet tooth. I am sensitive to anything that is too sweet, so I stuck to a single scoop for $2.75. This place is a must try. They are open till 10pm on Sundays, which is later than other places around.
4	Such a cute place and the ice cream was great! I was going to get a few toppings but the girl didn't ask and I felt rushed to the register. Other than that everything was perfect!
5	After you finish a tasty meal at Windsor, you absolutely have to treat yourself to some ice cream at Churn. My fave is chocolate fudge with pecans and caramel! Score!
4	Close the the house, great spot for ice cream and ice cream sandwiches.  Love all the childhood toys and candies they have.  I wish they had more options for those that are dairy intolerant.  I can't bring my son here (dairy allergy) because I'm never sure if he'll like the flavor they have but I love to come by myself.
5	Parking lot is shared with nearby restaurants and is usually very full.  Yummy ice cream and great service.
5	The line was out the door and it was well worth it. Amazing flavors and new concepts. this Ice cream was very unique and that is saying a lot because me and my wife try and visit every notable ice cream shop under the sun
5	Been here a couple times and really like it. It's a cute little ice cream shop. Fun and friendly staff and the price isn't terrible. Got a waffle cone and loved the strawberry ice cream I got. Great area of town.
5	Whimsical, retro and downright reminds me of the candy shops that serve gelato back home in California I would frequent on the weekends. Do I dare say this is better? Say it ain't so ...Churn has been bookmarked and yes, I'll admit to looking at the photos over and over, but it just so happened I was dining across the street at Federal Pizza and I just HAD TO visit Churn. Plus when is the weather never appropriate to ice cream here in Phoenix?Was welcomed by a lovely, gentleman who was all smiles so fun and friendly. I looked over the flavors and noticed they had Peppermint Stick and Egg Nog- unusual, but intriguing. He said they were celebrating Christmas in July and that's the reason behind the festive flavors. I sampled the Egg Nog and the Rasperry White Chocolate Sorbet and instantly was drawn to the Egg Nog. Single scoop on a cake cone!Egg Nog was a creamy, rich vanilla base with cinnamon. Truth be told, it reminded me of Horchata which is my all time favorite drinks in the summer but this also reminded me of Christmas. Really good ice cream! The cake cone was good too, not too flimsy or thin but good crunch to it and doesn't have that strange styrofoam texture to it.Good price for a single scoop on a cake cone, for really good ice cream anything less than $4 is well worth it in my book! Definitely will be back to try more flavors and the other goodies they have here. They sell candy, pastries, sundaes, floats and coffee too.There's also a patio out back to hang out and eat your ice cream on.
5	Great place to get ice cream on an obscenely hot-as most are in Phoenix-evening.It's a real change from all the boring, self-serve fro-yo chains that make you do all the work and charge you $9 for toppings. I really liked the retro atmosphere and, despite it being a bit crowded on a Friday night, the line moved pretty fast. I ordered a Peanut Butter Freeze without knowing what to expect. The end result? A cup full of peanut butter chips, crumbled up Reese's cups and chocolate all smooshed together in a creamy concoction. Needless to say, I nearly polished it off on the ride home.One other thing I liked was the outdoor seating in the back, but you'd probably have to eat pretty fast considering the weather. Seemed like a real hang-out spot for all ages.
5	MMM...MMMM...MMMMM!! Delish!!! This is my favorite ice cream place of all time.
4	Small selection of actual Ice cream, but that's simple because all the greAtest us what the have. Take a trip down memory lane with this shop. I relived my childhood while waiting in line. Ice cream sandwich with fresh homemade cookies for $5? Can't beat that. Cookies alone are $2 each. It was delicious. A bit on the sweet side but what can you expect when you put ice cream in between 2 chocolate chip cookies. Place is kinda small but has seating areas in front and back of the store. Staff was friendly and allowed me to try samples of their ice cream before I ordered. Impressed with this place. Will surely be returning and bringing new friends.
4	This place is great!  Nice place to grab some ice cream and hang out in the back patio.  I had the Toasted Coconut Ice Cream shake, I loved it!Great place to take a date, after dinner or just to hang out and talk.
4	Churn is designed as a classic ice cream shop (and has the accompanying candy to prove it) but also features some different flavors and interesting sundaes. I've gotten the S'mores sundae before, and though pretty good, was a little too much for me. I'd stick to a regular sundae. Usually I get the ice cream cookie sandwich. Pick two freshly baked cookies and an ice cream that they scoop right in there. Once you get your treat, head to the back patio, which adjoins the back patio for Windsor, the restaurant next door. They're open late and they're always peppy, so be prepared to reciprocate with at least a smile.
4	Looking at all of these amazing pictures, I wish I would have ordered something more exciting! This was a nice little ice cream shop with a huge line out the door when I went, so you know it is good.I felt bad asking to try flavors because of the line, but I went for the butter pecan with hot fudge sauce. Usually not a flavor I would order, but I was in the mood for it. Typically I strongly prefer soft serve ice cream, but this place is incredible. I had just one scoop and it was enough for me. I did not like that there was limited seating inside because it is so tiny, but sitting outside was fine. This is a place I absolutely have to give a second try...YUM!
4	Awesome little shop.  Friendly and enthusiastic staff.  A bit packed but the line moves quickly if you know what you want :)
4	I asked the vallet boy where I could get some good Phoenix ice cream since I was passing through the city, and had never been. He recommended Churn, which was okay. The store was really cute.  Filled with different kinds of ice cream. If I could rate the staff, they would get 5 stars. They were funny and upbeat. I had the Vietnamese coffee which was amazing! I would only coming back for that flavor if I ever come back to Phoenix. Thanks vallet guy for the suggestion!
5	One of the best ice cream parlors I've been to in Arizona. Churn was recently rated one of the ice cream places in the world by buzz feed, and after a taste it is clear to see why. Upon entry I was greeted by Lisa who proceeded to give me tastes of the most popular flavors. All tasted fresh and were made in house. This place is a must visit for anyone visiting phoenix.
5	Cute little place with great ice cream. Wish they had more ice cream flavors but they offer so many ways to serve it up that you will hardly notice. And the flavors they do have are smooth and yummy. I tried the ice cream sandwich. The cookies used for the sandwich as so huge that one can easily be shared by two people. I had the ice cream sandwich made with coconut macaroon and chocolate crumble cookies, toasted coconut/mint Oreo ice cream. It was VERY good! The two servers working were awesome too, nice and funny.
5	Went to Churn for the first time with my baby for her birthday and we were so glad we went!! The employees were super friendly and helpful especially after we told them it was our first time there. We each ordered an ice cream sandwich with two different cookies and two types of ice cream! The cookies were AWESOME and huge! The ice cream was so yummy and you get two big scoops for the middle of the sandwich!
4	Tried this ice cream for the very first time and let me tell you something...it was delicious! Service is wonderful as the entire staff is super friendly from the minute you walk in the door. I tried the Madagascar vanilla and butter pecan and I was happily pleased! The ice cream tastes fresh and homemade...so creamy and smooth. Definitely worth the hype I had read about this place!!!
4	The famous Churn ice cream. They are attached to Windsor restaurant and a fun establishment. They have old time toys and candies to browse through while you wait for your ice cream.We went right after they opened so we had to wait about 15 minutes for them to put out all the ice cream but the employee engaged us and looking through the toys killed the time. I had the pineapple sorbet in a cake cone and my boyfriend had the Vietnamese coffee. The Vietnamese coffee was very sweet and uses real coffee ground. Delicious! It was perfectly creamy and just like drinking a cup of Vietnamese coffee. The pineapple sorbet was very refreshing and crumbly. Delicious.The reason I took a star away was lack of preparation before opening and the only bad thing: stale cone. My cake cone was so stale that I took 2 bites of it and threw it away. Yuck! Being socked in the sorbet didn't help at all. I'll be back but next time, I'll just get it in the cup.
5	Ice cream is delicious,  cookies might be even better I don't know.... ok they tie!! Go to try it can't go wrong with homemade!!! AND on the cheaper side, shocked to pay less than $20 for 4 ice creams with cookies!! Great place!
3	Food: Ice cream cookie sandwich - I chose the salted chocolate chip cookie and butter pecan ice cream. The ice cream was delicious. The cookie on the other hand was super salty! I know it's supposed to be salty but it was as if the cookies were dipped in salt! I ended up eating the ice cream and was only able to eat half a cookie. I tried the Vietnamese coffee flavor which tasted just like Vietnamese coffee! I loved it! But I didn't think it would have complimented the cookie.   Service: Even though the line was out the door, the employees were still quick and friendly. Final thoughts: I'm definitely coming to try their other desserts! And I'm definitely getting the Vietnamese coffee :)
4	Great ice cream! The tahitian vanilla and double chocolate icecream are to die for!! It has a cute atmosphere, but no indoor seating, which is only a problem during the summer. There is not a huge variety of ice-cream, but the quality of the flavors are worth it.
5	Seriously delicious!! A friend suggested we give Churn a try while on vacation in Phoenix and I'm so glad we did! The ice cream is creamy and full of flavor! The salted chocolate chip cookie is amazing! I had it with a stout ice cream and the flavors did not disappoint!
5	Vietnamese coffee with toasted marshmallow fluff:Yum! Coffee is my favorite flavor of ice cream, and I love Vietnamese coffee and frequently order one when I'm in Vietnamese restaurants for my persistent pho cravings. The flavor of this really tastes like an ice cream version of Vietnamese coffee with its rich, strong coffee flavor. It is also not too sweet, which is often a factor that deters me from other flavors. Since I was craving a toasted marshmallow, I added that on for an extra dollar. The combination of the Vietnamese coffee ice cream with the toasted marshmallow was divine! The sweet, fluffy roasted marshmallow complemented the creamy, more bitter coffee flavor of the ice cream. The marshmallow was also huge -- probably bigger than my single scoop of ice cream. I initially thought I could eat equal parts ice cream and marshmallow and finish everything, but I was wrong. The marshmallow was so large that I ended up throwing a part of it away, sadly. But I absolutely loved this combination, and I would definitely come here again for this same combo or something else!Service:There was a line that went out the door, but it moved very quickly. The staff was friendly, quickly took our orders, and served us very quickly.Atmosphere:The inside of the store is quite small, and there is actually no indoor seating from what I saw. There is also a lot of various candies for sale around the store, which was fun to look at. There is seating outside at the back of the store with some small tables and chairs. Overall, I enjoyed the fun, bright atmosphere complete with a cassette wall!
3	****3.5 STARS****So BuzzFeed listed this place as one of the 27 must visit ice cream shops before you die. I don't think this place should have made the cut. It's good but, not amazing good.I was in town with my family helping my sister move in for school. I was really excited to try this place after seeing the list on BuzzFeed. I LOVE ICE CREAM! I could eat it everyday!What We Ordered- Ice Cream Sandwich: 2 Cookies (Kitchen Sink and Chocolate Chunk) with 2 Ice Cream Flavors (Cookies & Mint and The Stout)- Fat Elvis Sundae- S'Mores SundaeI got the ice cream sandwich. The Cookies & Mint and The Stout was a good combo together! I could have done without the cookies. The Staff recommended me getting the ice cream sandwich instead of the cone. The cookies were not that good. The Kitchen Sink Cookie was super hard!!! Not a fan of hard cookies...and no, they were not hard because of the cold ice cream. The Chocolate Chunk Cookie was really moist but too salty. I really like sea salt chocolate type cookies but this just had too much salt. :( I was really sad... I usually love cookies too. $5 for basically just the ice cream, not worth it. :(My sister's boyfriend got the Fat Elvis. He seemed to enjoy it. My sister LOVED her S'Mores Sundae but she wished there were more Graham crackers in it.I did not like the fact that there were no inside seating. Arizona is super hot. Why would there not be any indoor seating?! They had tables outside but there were a bunch of flies flying around back there. :(-1 STAR for hard/salty cookies-0.5 STAR no indoor seating and they limit the amount of samples you get
5	Most delicious ice cream I have ever had and I have had a lot of ice cream! I had the hangover helper; sweet cream ice cream, brandy, and frosted flakes. AMAZING! The double chocolate and strawberry were great as well.
5	Yo! First things first, Let me make known to you that I am lactose intolerant... Therefore I am very particular as to where I choose to indulge in such deliciously sinful delights.Now that that's out the way, I have to tell you that I adore Churn. The "ice cream" the very reason you are reading this in the first place is... Just good. No need for me to over exaggerate it you'll soon discover for yourself. Churn has a great variety of standard flavors (you can try multiple samples) and they also have "red label" flavors which are on a rotating cycle! So, if you play your cards right you'll never try the same one twice. Dope right? I must also admit that I'm a creature of habit and I posses a bit of an additive nature. So I ALWAYS get two scoops for the cookie & mint (my favorite) and whatever red label flavor I can add. Which is usually a "21" and up flavor! I can forget the atmosphere, which is very reminiscent of an vintage parlor. The difference? They blast hella dope hip-hop! And other fresh jams. An additional benefit is that is connected to Windsor! SoO what I'm saying is that you get a 2 for 1. Super nice and amazing staff too. If you're in the area of even if you're not which means go out of your way & stop by. In closing... Churn down for what!?
5	Amazing icecream and staff. As it being my first time in tonight, the staff was very accommodating. I had a lot of recommendations but I chose to do the float called how now, brown cow( I think) with root beer. The ice cream was perfect and creamy. Root beer was tasty.
5	Freakin awesome.  Loved every flavor so far.  Also tried their smore sundae.......good!  Plus the architecture and decor is freakin awesome (well done Shepley Bullfinch).
5	Amazing service! Charming location! Delicious ice cream.
5	Desserts. Amazing desserts. Limited parking and seating but I would stand up and eat this stuff.
3	It's a very cute space. Like a vintage candy store and ice cream parlor equipped with nostalgic candy and toys, ice cream, and other delicious-looking confections. The whimsical designs and fonts made it welcoming. The shop is much smaller than I imagined and even more so when it's busy. The line moved quickly, but you barely have time to put your wallet away before they're ringing up the next customer. Then you have to figure out where to eat your ice cream as it's quickly melting. There aren't any tables and barely any room to stand in the shop. I believe there are tables in the back, but I wasn't looking to venture in that particularly hot afternoon. There were ten flavors available (Dulce Le Leche, Double Chocolate, Chocolate Sorbet, Strawberry, Toasted Coconut, Vietnamese Coffee, Butter Pecan, Chocolate Mint, Hangover Helper, and Sweet Cream), but unfortunately none of the flavors I wanted to try. It did make my decision very easy as I chose a scoop of Toasted Coconut on a waffle cone. Ruben went with Double Chocolate on a pretzel cone. The ice creams were creamy and flavorful. I really liked the vast amount of toasted coconut flakes in my ice cream. The cones were also delicious. I was very intrigued by the Fruit Loopy Treats and other cookies available for ice cream sandwiches. I had to take one of the large Coconut Macaroon cookies with me -- I didn't end up enjoying the cookie, which was rather disappointing.Service was pleasant. Everything made for a relatively enjoyable experience, but nothing stood out as amazing. I can't say it was the best ice cream I've ever had, although, I may have felt differently had there been more exciting flavors available like their Whiskey Toffee Almond, Lemon Buttermilk Sherbet, or Coconut Latte. I also think my experience could have been improved had they spent more than five minutes with me. I had no idea you could have toasted fluff on top of your ice cream! My bad for not monopolizing more of their time.FYI: Sugar cones and cake cones are free with your ice cream, waffle cones are an additional 50 cents, and pretzel cones are an additional $1. There's also a cold water dispenser and plastic cups available next to the register.
4	Churn is such a cute little ice cream place!  I've gone twice and both times I've gotten the Cookies & Mint.  So good!  Next time I'll be trying the pretzel cone!
5	I rarely ever visit a place over and over again mainly because I loathe routine, but I have definitely been to Churn repetitively since I first checked it out back in June. There's always such a welcoming and up-beat environment with good tunes to accompany it. There's one employee in particular who is always super friendly and a sweetheart. I'll have to get his name next time. So far there hasn't been a flavor I've tried and do not like, but Vietnamese Coffee is hands down the absolute best. All in all, I'm obsessed with Churn and will be a faithful customer until the end of time.
5	Churn is a wonderful ice cream place a very unique traditional neighborhood establishment. Ice cream here is always fresh. Their coconut ice cream is to die for.
4	After I went to Little Miss BBQ, I decided that I needed some ice cream.  I had this bookmarked and decided to have some dessert.  It was bomb!I walked in and looked over the menu real quick.  It was a tough choice between the "Smores Sundae" or the "Rocky Road Lil Freezie".  While I was looking at the menu, the voice of Sloth  in The Goonies popped into my head....... "Rocky Roooooaadddd". That was it.  I ordered a Rocky Road Lil Freezie.  This creation came with 2 (possibly more) scoops of ice cream, it was stuffed full of chocolate covered almonds and then topped with some marshmallow fluff.  They constructed my ice cream and then at the very last minute they bust out the blow torch to toast my marshmallow.  They handed over the goods and here is how it was.................Rocky Road Lil Freezie-  This thing was great!  They give you a huge scoop of marshmallow and then toast it for you.  This is placed upon 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream and then its mixed in with chocolate covered almonds.  The almonds were almost like an almond bark.  They were really delicious!  They blend it up like a concrete/blizzard and then hand it over.  I will come back the next time I am allowed to eat ice cream ;-) and try out some of their other stuff.  It's not cheap....almost $7.00 for my concoction but it was very refreshing and one hell of an ice cream treat.
5	Churn is simply too good to be wasting away in Phoenix where only those who can tolerate 110+ Fahrenheit heat can experience it and a large portion of the populace is perfectly content with the likes of Baskin-Robbins and Cold Stone.I've only been able to visit here once. Peanut Butter was almost too indulgent and the Vietnamese Coffee flavor is just perfect. If there was no condensed milk involved in the production of this ice cream, I'd be shorting Carnation if I owned any of it.For the ultimate extravagance, consider the pretzel cone (+$1) for a salt vector that has nothing to do with caramel.I hope Churn expands to other geographies while maintaining quality. Bi-Rite, Molly Moon's, Ample Hills, etc. should fear this possibility.
4	Seriously good ice cream with a ton of great flavors. I love that they make the ice creams in house! I tired the Vietnamese Coffee flavor which was amazing but I left with the Honey Goat Cheese and the Orange Sherbet, both delicious. We will definitely be returning to this place.
5	Churn is my go-to ice cream shop in the Phoenix area. I think it has been well over a year since I've gone to ice cream anywhere else.First, without even bringing up how good the actual product is--the ambiance is top notch. It's a tiny shop, but it's attached to Windsor and has a nice little patio in the back (nice meaning not-at-all-nice in the months of June, July, August, or September..and most of October (P.S. For all the Phoenicians who say the unbearable heat 'only lasts 3 months'--you are full of sh*t. It hits 100 in May, and I've seen triple digits all the way in to November).ANYWAY, back to the ice cream. My favorite flavors are the Butter Pecan (sweet and salty gets me every time), Toasted Coconut, and Peanut Butter & Jelly, when they have it. I normally just go with a scoop in a cup, because the ice cream is that good that I think it is better off standing alone. However, if you want to get fancy, I'd recommend an ice cream cookie sandwich. You can mix and match cookies, and it makes for the perfect share-able dessert. The people who work there are awesome too. You know how some people get super annoyed when you ask for tons of samples? At Churn, they don't. In fact, in addition to ice cream samples, they give you brownie and cookie samples as well.If you aren't an ice cream kinda person (who isn't though?), there are a ton of candies and fun toys in the shop as well. But really, when ice cream is on the table, there's really no other option.
3	I had heard so much about Churn and was super excited to finally go here. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I was kinda disappointed. Ice cream was good but nothing amazing. We were lucky and only had to wait for one person before we could order. But, as we stood waiting for our ice creams to be made, the place started filling up with customers coming in both the front and the back door. It was becoming a huge cluster with no clear front or back of the line and if I had walked into that mess I would have walked right back out.
5	In general, overall, you'll never beat ice cream in Italy BUT the chocolate ice cream at the factory is like velvet & by far scoops my award for best in world (pardon the pun ! )
5	The heavens of sugar and ice cream have opened up and blessed Churn with a bounty of amazingly-delicious treats! Everything - I repeat: everything at Churn is amazing! There is NO better ice cream in AZ. And Churn is definitely some of the best in America! Thank you sugar gods!
4	Really cute place with an old school candy shop feel. Actually, they do sell random candy on site.. jawbreakers and the like. Staff is friendly and helpful. The Vietnamese coffee is my go to flavor..The boyfriend loves the butter pecan. Only gripe is I wish they had more flavors and they rotated them more. They have around 10 flavors. Also parking is not all that available.
5	I love this place! Ever since we finally decided to try it... We go every chance we get. Super small place since you just order then go... It's also a candy store and bakery but i have tried their candy... Brownies good, chocolate crinkle good... Coconut macaroons yummm! And of course the ice cream! Yummm my favorite is the hangover helper! Its bourbon ice cream and frosted flakes! Sooooo yummy omg! Lol but today they didnt have it (yes their flavors rotate but they have ones that stay so far im pretty sure cookies and mint and vietnamese coffee are permanent flavors.) anyways...Today i tried carrot cheesecake! And oooohhhemmmgeeee best carrot flavored thing I have ever put in my mouth! I want more. It was creamy and subtly sweet (perfection!) and the little bits of carrots in the ice cream were a nice surprise! Another one to add to my faves :)Their viet coffee is also very good! Yay!!
5	Seriously the BEST icecream parlor I've ever been to! Try the homemade macaroons with strawberry icecream. ....ridiculously amazing!
4	Great ice cream. I had the candy corn on a waffle cone and it was delicious. It was only one scoop but they were very generous with their amount. It almost felt like two scoops. I went with a friend and he got three scoops and couldn't finish it haha. So I absolutely love that they're generous with their servings unlike most ice cream shops. However, they do have a limited amount of flavors I think there were around 12 instead of the usual 24. The prices are also the same as they would be at coldstone or other ice cream places, so their generous portions are wonderful and worth the price. They also don't have a lot of seating unfortunately. They had literally four chairs outside. Luckily it wasn't busy when we were there so we grabbed the last two. They need a bigger shop!
5	The family loved it and we will return.  Great quality and friendly service. Awesome flavors were Madagascar Vanilla, Toasted Coconut and Double Chocolate.
5	First time Thursday...back again on Sunday!  Awesome flavors and friendly staff!  My Coldstone days are over!
5	The flavors are great and the quality is high. Friendly staff and loud music to distract long waits for the good stuff. The smores sundae is something you need to try once (warning: you will gain 4 lbs instantly). The Vietnamese coffee is out of this world!
5	Keep on keepin on!! I brought my sister in law here for some ice cream, she was a first timer and the guy that helped us was WONDERFUL! He let her taste test 3 flavors so she could make her decision, usually people get annoyed by that request, not Churn!! Our dishes were DELISH and we've been back since! Love this place!!
5	Going to Churn is always such a treat! (no pun intended). This desert/ice cream parlor has all the right stuff to make it a grade-A establishment. The staff members are very welcoming upon your arrival, they are happy to let you sample any flavor, or give you a recommendation. Having a great staff who are happy to be at work is key to an establishments success! These guys really pull it off well. Enough about them, let's talk about the good stuff. I have never had a flavor of ice cream here that I did not enjoy, or a treat that did not satisfy. Their homemade ice cream is some of the best in town! I personally love getting their chocolate malts.5-Stars. You will not be disappointed.
5	The vanilla ice cream is the best!!!!!!!!
5	Went there later in the evening and there was a line. The place is small but there are seats outside in the back. I saw plenty of places to park a bike as well. Great family atmosphere. Try the Stout ice cream.
5	There is always a line out the door whenever I come here and for good reason!I always try their rotating, seasonal flavors and absolutely fell in love with the ones they have now. I eyed the flavor Stout and was shocked that I had to sample it instantly- they do ask if you are of drinking age however. The Stout flavor is of Guiness with Malted Chocolate, talk about adult indulgence! I then saw underneath the flavor, The Hangover (Helper) which the lovely gal offered just as I finished eyeing it. This my friends is a total win! It's a whiskey-vanilla based ice cream with corn flakes, very similar to Humphry Slocombe's Secret Breakfast in San Francisco. Whiskey and corn flakes it's a genius flavor in itself- talk about corny!The staff here is always wonderful and their flavors are great! Definitely one of my fave ice cream spots of all time.
5	I love this place!!!  I include ice cream as it's own food group and rightfully so at Churn.  My favorite flavors are Vietnamese Coffee and Strawberry but they are all delicous.  Some of the more creative combinations are Peanut Butter and Jelly, along with Buttermilk Grapefruit...trust me, you WANT to try them, as random as they sound.  If you want to go all out, get the Fat Elvis and eat yourself crazy.  We are running out of the hometown pleasures...create some new traditions with this cute little place.
3	No as I great just an ok ice cream
4	The ice cream is delicious. My favorite thing to get is the ice cream sandwiched between two cookies. The available cookies can vary but my favorite is the coconut macaroon cookie mixed with some other cookie with the Vietnamese ice cream between them. So good. Also, the people that work here have always been really nice to me even when I want to try a multitude of ice cream flavors. The other random trinkets and candies in the shop don't interest me but make for a cool visual and nostalgia. Only downside is that parking can be complicated/inconvenient. Highly recommended ice cream!
5	Amazing baked goods, excellent ice cream, great service!  I don't go to this part of town often, but when I do, I have to go to Churn.  The chocolate mint chip cookies are especially fantastic.
5	Yum!  I saw this ice cream place on the world's best ice creams list somewhere a few months ago and when I visited Phoenix I was determined to try it.  We went after dinner and of course there was a dessert rush.  The store itself is really cute and has lots of gag gifts and candies, but you're really there for the ice cream.There were so many unique, creamy flavors to try and I opted for a cookie and cream/mint hybrid that was out of this world delicious.  You can also choose two flavors for one scoop and the scoops are a decent size (I split one scoop with a friend and was stuffed).  One flavor I did try that was very different was one that was called the Hangover Helper.  Think of it as a morning after drinking type concoction with whiskey and corn flakes.  They also had some other fun alcohol-related ice creams.
3	Not a bad place, but can get very crowded. I've had better ice cram, but it will satisfy your fix for something other than the norm.
5	I love ice cream no matter what but this place was amazing to me because of the people behind the counter. So fun! So cute! So nice! The guy was really excited to torch the marshmallow fluff i ordered and it was perfect. Ice cream was amazing as expected. I got a double scoop because my eyes are bigger than my stomach and it was too much. Peanut butter tastes like a cookie as opposed to from out the jar. Tiramisu has the right hint of amaretto. Oh I also grabbed one of those salted caramel things in the front. I assume it's house made but wow it's so buttery salty and 50 cents! Hehe get one on the go. So worth it if you're a caramel lover like me. Can't wait to go back. It's a really hip and crowded place.
5	Unique and creative deserts. This was really nice. Friendly staff. Wide variety to choose from. Very clean.
5	Extraordinary customer service from the guy and gals at the counter today!  It's consistent too.  Every time I have been here the service has been great!Today's candy cane shake was cool and refreshing in a pepperminty type way.  The salted chocolate chip cookie was fantastic, and not too heavy on the chocolate like some chocolate chunk cookies are.Be warned: Churn is not cheap, but they're definitely serving up high quality ice cream and baked goods.  It's a good place for gifts too (they had very nice make-your-own cookie and hot chocolate sets, plus little toys and unique candies).  If you're willing to fork over a few more dollars than DQ further down the road, you'll be pleasantly surprised.  Don't forget to use the newer, super convenient parking lot next to the Windsor/Churn/Hub building!
5	Amazing ice cream but they could go easy with the salt on the pretzel cone. The employees were wonderful and entertaining but I wish they were more knowledgeable with the ingredients.
4	Place is hopping.  Very busy but the lines moves quickly.  Tried their cookies and peanut butter ice cream.  This was a great combination.  Parking was a challenge
5	Great flavors (though a small selection at any one time), and friendly service.  Seating is out back on a patio with heaters.
5	Came here after reading the good reviews and I am so glad I did!! The staff was so friendly, encouraging you to try multiple flavors and telling you about all the stuff they have! The ice cream is amazing and so was the experience!
5	They're great! The flavors are fun and tasty! I love the decor as well. Really bring my inner child out. Absolutely adore.
