5	I gave this restaurant five stars for one simple reason - It's the best authentic Asian street-food takeout in the city.  That, and they serve amazing tripe.  It's on the only place in Pittsburgh where I can get quick tripe for takeout and it's fantastic - as in I routinely get cravings for this dish that occupy my thoughts to such an extent that I need to go there and eat or suffer a major decrease in productivity until I do so.The place is run by a husband/wife immigrant team who seem to have only recently landed in the U.S.  The menu is large - they have standard psudo-Chinese/Americanized Chinese fare, but they also have a great selection of authentic old-school Chinese/Taiwanese dishes.  I strongly advise going for the latter.Recommended dishes include: Sa Cha Beef Tripe, Pork Stomach with Pickled Mustard, Hot and Spicy Squid, and Sauteed Green Bean with Pork.The decor is, well, both scary and interesting in a grungy-urban-hole-in-the-ground-sort-of-way.  Think a dingy, dungeon-like basement painted bright pink and jammed with Asian students and doctors hunched over large steaming noodle bowls of non-familiar good stuff while homeless guys select and buy 40oz-ers for takeout with handfuls of change garnered from panhandling on the street above.  It's definitely not a place you'd take a date (well, at least one you didn't know well), but it's great for takeout and the late-work-night dinner.I love this place, it's a largely-unknown gem.
3	After reading the two reviews before mine, I had some high expectations of Taiwan Cafe. A few reasons: 1) I love Taiwanese food, 2) My dad is hard-core Taiwanese, 3) this location used to hold Winner's, where I enjoyed many good meals in college, 4) I was looking for a good Rose Tea alternative. So I went one day and had the Tofu with Broccoli (I was on a meatless lent diet at the time) and it was pretty good. Not exceptional, but then again it was a simple dish. The second time I came here I wanted to try something that I believe is a Taiwanese staple. I ordered the Pork Chop over Rice - a simple yet delicate dish. What's special about this dish is that although it's "just a pork chop", to get the perfect deep fried consistency takes the perfect batter, the perfect amount of batter, and the perfect frying time. That dish alone was a 1.5 star. I wouldn't order it again. Some things I would disagree with from the previous reviews: The menu is NOT large, it is a normal size for a take-out restaurant. They have some selection of authentic dishes, but most are pretty common Chinese restaurant selections. This is definitely not the BEST place. It may be a good place to scratch an itch for some Taiwanese food craving, especially if there's a particular dish you can't find elsewhere; but, I would hope that the standard for Taiwanese food would be better. Perhaps it's such a rare find in Pittsburgh that we're lowering our standards? Hey, there's no shame in liking a 3-star restaurant, as long as we remain honest with ourselves. Yes, I think Taiwan Cafe is good, and I will continue to eat there. But I will not give stars where stars are not due.Other useful information: the old Winner's booze fridges still exist, so you can still choose from a huge selection of 40s. The prices are fair, especially if you get the lunch special. Order at the counter and seat yourself. And, if it's your first time there and you find yourself walking down a sketchy staircase, you're going the right way!
5	Taiwan Cafe is the best place you can eat in Oakland.  Maybe even all of Pittsburgh. Everything I have ever ordered from here was good.  Their sushi is delicious, fresh, AND inexpensive.  Although it looks/smells dicey on the way down/outside, you're in for a treat.  Choy is the friendliest worker you have ever met.   He will always remember you and your order.  It's a great touch.  Tcafe is a Pittsburgh staple. Go, eat, and enjoy. And then buy a six pack.
4	Four stars because mom  likes it. After going to Szechuan Express across the street for a few weeks, she decided to give Taiwan Cafe a try.Mom (from Taipei) says its more authentically Taiwanese cooking (had the Taiwan pork mei fun) than Szechuan Express and worth the price premium and smaller quantity. Personally I am not quite so picky and would choose Szechuan Express to save roughly a buck a dish, larger quanity, and faster service.
2	Dirty.The place looks sketchy upon entering, you have to trek down some steps to a basement where I expected to find buffalo bill then you realize its just the citys finest picking up some 40's. I ordered general tso's tofu. It was fried too long, hard on the outside and grease squirted into my mouth when I bit into it. Maybe the cook was having a bad day or another dish would be more successful but after that experience i'm not really willing to find out!
3	I would say the food is pretty good; however, I think it's just a bit sad the portion size compared to the amount of rice that was given. I had the pork chop over rice and granted, it was only $6 or so, there were probably a lowly 6 small pieces and a tea egg in the corner. The meat had great flavor as well as the tea egg, but the cabbage on the side? It just tasted steamed and could have used a little bit more effort.I may be a bit hard on them because I love Taiwanese food and I come from California where Asian food is rampant, but food is food. Don't let the interior fool you. Yes, it may look a bit run down, but if you try the food, it will speak for itself. I plan on coming back again to taste other dishes and see if the portion sizes are a bit fairer. It's pretty cheap eats, I must say.
5	Taiwan Cafe has fantastic food. They, without question, make the best fried tofu in the city. Their General Tso's sauce is to die for. They also make a mean chicken and broccoli and have great spring rolls. Also, the student special is cheap (less than $6) and portioned so that it's not too large and not too small.Other reviewers complained about the restaurant being dirty. Frankly, it does look a bit dirty, but that's more because it's in Oakland and has been serving college students for many years. If you look closely, it's more "worn" than dirty. We've eaten there many times and never found stray pieces of meat or vegetables from other dishes in the food.The bottom line is that the food here is fantastic.
1	Ive been on a mission to go to places I gave low ratings to and give them another chance, so this is what brought me to Taiwan Cafe. Its still dirty-   I don't care how many years they've been selling food to college kids, what! They can't wipe down their counter and table tops? Anyway, on to the food, I ordered the salt and pepper tofu - it took forever to come out and when it did I wanted to add some sirachi to my rice, what I squirted into my container was more like sirachi flavored water. When I opened up my tofu what I found was tiny cubes of dried out tofu and limp broccoli which was just as dry. I tasted the tofu and spit it out, I was disgusting. Somehow they managed to suck out all the moisture and there was no sauce for the dish...nothing! Dry tofu, dry limpy broccoli and equally dry rice (even with the sirachi water). All I could do to save this meal was take it home and mix it with some curry sauce I had bought at trader joes. After some simmering it was actually edible but I have learned my lesson and will not return to TC in the future.
5	Like others have said, the food here is very good and surprisingly is pretty authentic.  I tried the dry beef chow fun and the ma po tofu with pork, both of which were cooked very well.  Taiwan Cafe uses very little oil in its cooking, which is a very welcome change.  They also have brown rice here, which is awesome (though they did forget to give me my brown rice, grr)!  Why still the five stars?  The owners here seem incredibly nice!  They noticed that they've never seen me before (I'm a visitor) and quickly struck up a conversation, something which doesn't happen too often at a Chinese restaurant (or for that matter, any place).  I can definitely see myself coming here very, very often in the future if I move here! :)
5	Great food and one of the best people that ever worked in the restaurant business.Get ready to wait in line, cramped spaces and maybe even ready to share your table with a complete stranger, but the food is worth it. Their dragon roll is great, any sushi is great. The student menu is cheap and unlike other asian places very well made.Have been going there for a while. I don't mind the trek from CMU to oakland to go to this gem.Try it once, you won't regret it, you'll want to be back there the very next day.
5	Good food. Well, really good food.I've never seen a place to ask how hot general tso' to be. I took medium. Next time, I'm going for spicy.
3	This little unassuming basement level eatery offers fast service and reasonably priced food. You can either order to-go (probably the more recommended option) or dine in and sit in their stamp sized eating area.I've tried their fried dumplings (a little on the meager side, but at least the exterior is crispy) and scallion pancakes (too dry and flour-y, and I didn't see much scallion action) as well as their bubble tea (it's fine). I looked around at the food other people got, and the dishes look pretty standard.The folks who work here do exude a hard-to-describe quirky charm. All in all, Taiwan Cafe is not bad for students and people who work in the nearby businesses to drop in for a quick bite. If I have a particular hankering for Taiwanese food, though, I think I'd rather head over to Rose Tea in Squirrel Hill.
5	My boyfriend took me here on one of our first dates haha yeah it was kinda cheesy but this is where it began. Lets start out by saying I hated sushi when I went in there. My boyfriend made me order it so I did. He started me out on the philadephia roll. I absolutly loved it! Its rolled very well and a good size for the price. We then started going to other places like Nakama and Ichiban since I liked sushi so much. Lets just say I would never eat sushi anywhere else but Taiwan Cafe. Once you try it you won't ever want to go anywhere else trust me. Anyway the staff is great especially the one man waiter they have. He is too funny and he knows us by our names and knows what we want to order when we come in. This place is great!
4	Don't be fooled by the sketchy appearance. Although the restaurant is located in a side street usually surrounded by bags of trash, Taiwan Cafe has some of the best Asian food in Pittsburgh. The portions are large, and basically everything on the menu is delicious. Make sure to bring cash because the cashiers can be really ungrateful about taking credit/debit cards. And if you're group is too large (ie--over 4) you won't be able to sit together because all of the chairs are bolted to the tables that are bolted to the ground.
4	A brief story:In November of my junior year of university, I was waiting with a few friends of mine for a few more friends of mine so that we could all go to Taiwan Cafe (one of my friends swears by their beef and broccoli). Some Pens fans walked by and gave some foul remarks to one of us, who was wearing an Islanders jersey. Now, I'm not one to start a ruckus with others (usually), and I'm also pretty neutral towards every team on the NHL--but if you're going to dish it out, you should be able to take it. After an exchange of various heckles and uncomfortable remarks, the Pens fans leave and we're left waiting again. One of them walks back, yells derogatory remarks concerning the sexuality of all of us, and PUNCHES ME SQUARE IN THE FACE. I drop to the ground, spit up some blood, they run away, and I open my eyes to my friends beside me making sure I can stand up.We walk in to Taiwan Cafe and they look at how disheveled I must have been upon ordering my General Tso's medium spicy student special. Immediately after ordering, they ask my friends what happened, get me some ice, pat me on the back when they bring out our food, and for the next month or so of the semester, continued to ask me "Oh, how your face doing?" every time I walked into their establishment.The food is just about as good as you'll find at any similar pan-Asian style restaurant, the addition of alcohol is always a positive, it's a little shady and I wish it had more seating...but, you can't find this kind of hospitality anywhere else. They care about their business, they care about their food, and they care about you.Neat.
5	I LOVE this place. I started going here two years ago when a friend recommended it and have been stopping by at least once a week since. I used to get the General Tso's Chicken but have since been loving their sushi. If you want good sushi that is absurdly cheap, this is the place to go. The avocados are always tasty and their fish is always fresh. That and the service is very friendly (even if they do prefer you bring cash). Yes it's in a basement but this place is a hidden gem.
2	The food is good, but the service and atmosphere is terrible.I have been to this place a few times, and it's always slow and there's not usually a table available to sit down at.  They sell a variety of six packs and 40s to go, but beware--Boone's Farm is quite literally the top shelf.The staff is very rude--on my last visit, they messed up my order and gave me general tso's chicken instead of tofu.  The counter lady was pretty mean to me when I asked for it to be remade.She then proceeded to give what should have been my meal to another guy who DID order chicken (after me), but who didn't want to take it because I had ordered "extra spicy" and he didn't want spicy food.  The cashier laughed at him, argued with him that even medium would be too hot for him, and in the end got him take my messed up order, reluctantly.She then proceeded to help five more people before she had the chef make the tofu that I ordered.Like I said, the food is good, but I wouldn't go back to this place.  There are too many other Asian restaurants in Oakland where they don't make it difficult to get what you ordered!
3	Food is usually good but sometimes they mess up. I ordered Minced Pork over rice once and they replaced the minced pork with some fatty tissue. That was not a pleasant experience. Sometimes the food was spoiled and had a tangy taste. Service isn't so great either. I stopped going there after the lady kept going "No cash ah?" whenever I use my credit card.
5	A little dark n dingy, but thats why we call it the Basement, or T-Cafe.The family who runs this is great. Always consistent, and the Sesame Chicken is amazing. Crispy, and I always get extra spicy. Throw in an order of steamed dumplings, grab a 40 and enjoy. Really a hidden treasure
3	Average american style chinese food with fair prices and extremely quick preparation. The location is a bit questionable as it is in a basement. It is usually filled with college students, but you will occassionally find an older individual working on a 40 while watching television. Tawain Cafe's charm comes from the waiter/bus boy who tries to make it a more personal experience.
1	This place is gross. First, I got a spicy tempura roll that was chicken (instead of tuna).  I mean, really? Chicken?Second, the sushi was warm.Third, the roll that was made to replace the chicken had an eyelash in the container. And it wasn't mine.Negative one star.  Sorry to be so harsh, but it's better that you know.
1	Oh Lord. After last night's experience at Taiwan Cafe, I doubt I will EVER be returning there.It seemed like a really normal meal--we ordered our food, the lady was very brisk and snappy, as usual.We sat down, and waited for our food to come out. My friend had ordered the fried pork chop and everything seemed normal... till she pulled a RAW PIECE OF PORK OUT OF HER PLATE. She was horrified because she had eaten some of it. This my dear was not ordinary slightly uncooked meat. This was completely raw--dripping, red, the whole shebang.When she brought it back to the front, the lady took it and said they'd remake it for her.When they brought it out, she was checking the meat to make sure it was cooked, and she reached under the rice, and PULLED OUT HALF OF THE UNEATEN RAW PORK.The people didn't even give her a new bowl...they just put a new pork chop ontop of her plate, which had already touched all the raw meat and was all bacteria filled.And pork isn't even one of those things that you can eat semi raw (like beef). Pork is hella dirty when it's not cooked. and not only did they send it out once uncooked, which is already unforgivable in my book, they sent it out TWICE knowing what was wrong with it.By that point, I was fed up, and I went to talk to the lady. She agreed to make my friend a totally new dish, but when my friend asked for orange chicken, she said she'd have to pay extra -_________- Like seriously? You fed my friend raw pork TWICE. I'm pretty sure that violates health codes, and you wont even give her orange chicken??!That was literally the end of the end for me.
4	There would have been one point where I would have given Taiwan cafe five stars.  However, I felt things were going downhill there during the last year I was at college.  Not certain why -- I just realized I wasn't feeling the incentive to trek to Oakland from Carnegie Mellon as much as I used to.  In sophomore/junior year I'd eat here once or twice a month.  In my last semester at CMU -- Fall 2011 -- I think I went here once or twice. Overall it's a good rendition of American Chinese fast food with a ton of value -- especially if you're a student and order off the student menu.  I remember it being about $7 for General Tso's + rice + soda.  The little fried dumplings are wonderful also -- I am a fan of little bite size dumplings (contrast to:  the enormous doughy dumplings of New Dumpling House) though.The atmosphere makes this place seem like a well-hidden secret -- and to some extent it is.  Yet, at the same time,there is always a crowd waiting for food and another small crowd sitting in the few booths they have.  The fact that when you enter it looks like a liquor store moreso than a Chinese restaurant doesn't help the aura.If you ask for the General Tso's spicy, they also make it spicy.  I definitely appreciated that!
4	Great, great service and fast! Sat down and in less than 5 minutes later the food came out. I don't even care if someone in the back heated it up in a microwave, for the price you pay it's worth it. The food is pretty good, and the portion sizes will last you for a few meals. The food takes me home, but to a greasier version of home...
5	When I went to school at Pitt, Taiwan Cafe was one of my favorite places to eat. Their lunch specials are delicious, cheap, and filling; what more can you ask for? I'm particularly fond of the General Tso's tofu (yes, it's not at all authentic, but it's still really yummy and you can get it spicy.) Unfortunately, I moved away, but whenever I make it back to Pittsburgh, I always stop by here. And although I haven't been going to this restaurant regularly for almost two years, when I stop by on a visit, the people here still recognize me. Now that's customer service done right. So in short, there's nice people and great food, and I can't recommend this place highly enough.
4	Great prices, good food. A little scary looking, but get past the appearances and you'll have a nice meal.
3	We went there for my husband birthday. The stir fry is good and the beef noodle soup was good. The beef pancake was not fresh. But the price is good.
3	A good place for a quick lunch. While the bad thing is that it is not always quick enough.
3	Food is more Canto than Taiwanese. Owners are also Canto and not Taiwanese.Food is slightly above the typical Americanized Chinese takeout food, given you don't actually order the takeout food. Definitely not as good as Rose Tea, but it's cheaper, faster, and closer to CMU campus.I recommend getting the Minced Pork over Rice (comes with a stewed egg), Eggplant with Basil, and Sauteed Green Beans with Pork. They do seem to have some authentic dishes like Taiwanese Chunk Chicken (San Bei Ji), Shredded Pork w/ Bambo Shoots, Sa Cha Beef Tripe, and Fillet Fish with Black Bean Sauce. I haven't tried these dishes here, but you might want to go to Rose Tea to try them.Bubble tea is okay. Has a slightly fruity taste to it. Actual restaurant is really small and gets kind of crowded at night with UPitt students. Overall, is slightly above average in terms of Chinese take-out food. It is cheap which fits the college student budget.
2	New staff has ruined it. Some of the food isn't even passable for edible. Jury's still out on the next great hole in the wall for Chinese food in Oakland.
