2	Meh. I've experienced better.Good and cheap Mexican food absolutely must be inclusive in order to work.  Here it's just barely.  Saying that, I still decided to go more than once.First go was on a weekend when they make Menudo.  This is a dish that will usually either scare me from future visits or endear the place to me.  For the first time ever: all I could say about it was, "meh."  Apparently there is a variation of Menudo that's neither great nor horrible.  The tripe was tender and for the most part trimmed well.  The broth was definitely lacking some flavor, but not that a few additions didn't remedy it sufficiently.  My biggest issue was that probably a good third of my order was taken up by one of their stewing bones that just happened to get scooped in there.  It can happen, but this one was too big to be entirely negligence.Second go involved two tacos.  I like to pit a place's carnitas versus adobada to see which one I prefer of theirs.  For the record, their adobada won this battle.  Really, in my experience, I haven't seen many places with the skill to screw up either of these.  Both were quite tastey, but the portions I'm used to were slightly lacking.  I guess I've been spoiled by places that have made me wonder if there was a tortilla under there.  They didn't just skimp on the meat though, but also the toppings.  Just a smidge of pico de gallo and a dollop of guacamole that wouldn't take me too much convincing that they bought from a supermarket.  Still I will point out that both the carnitas and adobada were well prepared and full of the right flavors.A special note will go to their pickled carrots, onions, and jalapenos.  It's pretty difficult for a condiment to catch my attention, and truth be told, I almost missed out.  On my first visit, someone, noticing my initial indecisiveness on the menu, deduced that I had never tried them and recommended them heartily.  The fact that they provide sandwich bags to be able to take some home means that it's no secret the stuff is good.  Cooked just to the right amount to have both some caramelization and crunch.  Spiced and pickled to be tangy without an overbearing heat.An all latino and friendly staff -- which is a must in my book.  English isn't the best, and something tells me even a little Spanish will get you a tad better service.  Either way, it's all pretty decent.
5	One of the biggest things I have missed since moving to Scottsdale.  Roberto's has plenty of locations in Vegas, but this one is easily the best.  The food is always fresh and good.  Staff is on top of things.  Was even better it was five minutes from my house.  I have been to plenty of these in town and this is in my top two (Rainbow and Vegas) is also pretty solid.
3	If you don't like a business expressing their political views via campaign posters while your dining pick somewhere else.   Food is good and inexpensive.  Staff is polite.
3	It's Roberto' Tacos... It's fast taco shop kinda food, and I go here all the time.On a revolving depending on what kinda of mood I am in... I get these things; Chili rellano burrito, chicken tacos, tacos de lingua, breakfast burrito and carne asada fries.It is moderately priced half way decent Mexican food.  Actually, I would rather eat here than most Mexican restaurants in town.  The food is about the same, it's beans and rice with something wrapped in a tortilla.  But here it is cheap.I am a little skeptical of the self serve salsa bar. I mean have you ever noticed people - of all walks of life - clumsily ladling salsa into tiny little plastic cups.  It drips off their fingers, the ladle handle slips into the sauce, their jacket sleeves hovering over the salsa. Basically, with out sounding like a winy snob, the salsa thing is kinda gross.  I always eat it though.  My own weird theory is the hot salsa will kill any germs.  In other words germs cannot live in hot sauce.  Which, I am pretty sure is not true, but it helps.Also, this place displays political signs, which has no place in a restaurant.  They charge fifty cents to use a card.
3	Roberto's is a pretty decent place for Mexican food in North Las Vegas. My friend lives just down the street from this place and I go here to feed the friends when I'm in town and everyone is craving something greasy. I've tried the carne asada fries and they're pretty decent. There aren't too many options for Mexican around these parts so Roberto's is basically your only option.
4	My favorite Roberto's in Vegas. The 5 rolled tacos with everything and a drink is a great deal.
1	I normally like Robertos taco shop,but this location seems not to care about the quality of food it puts out.  I ordered a cheese enchilada and the cheese was not melted and cold!
4	This is the best Robertos I have found in the Las Vegas area.  The business is clean and I have always received great service.
3	Standard across the board for Mexican Food
4	This is the closest Roberto's to us since moving up to the Aliante area and we love our breakfast burritos!  Glad to find out that this place makes them just as good as other locations we used to frequent before moving to this side of town.  The burritos are intact, this place has every kind of meat offered elsewhere and they are not dripping in grease from excess cheese!  Timely service and friendly staff.
4	One of the best Mexican food I have had in Vegas. Love their burritos and enchiladas. I recommend them for sure. You won't be disappointed at all.
4	My in-laws live close by & absolutely love Roberto's. So, while visiting this week we called in a big lunch order (for pick-up). Their tacos are larger than typical [tacos] and are made with fried corn tortillas. They come ala carte but a side of rice & beans is cheap enough that you can have a filling five dollar lunch. Honestly, I felt my food was just okay but my husband loved his pastor tacos.I give four stars instead of five because (A) The customer service over the phone sucked (hung up on me while I was asking for the total), (B) They only use Cheddar cheese (I'm from California...is the cheddar a Nevada Mexican restaurant thing?) and (C) their salsa bar was a mess and had empty containers.
1	Been here twice. First time was just OK, average taco shop fare. The staff has a hard time with communication in English, but no big deal. Well the second and LAST time, I had to explain 3 times what I wanted. then when it was served, looked and smelled worse. The girl behind the counter was rude. So into the trash the food went and out the door I went.
3	Cheap, fast, great food for the price.I usually order the California burrito with no sour cream. It gets the job done.The flour tortillas they use are the best though!Best place for late night eats around this area since there isn't much.
2	Love carne Asada fries,but when the fries are darn near burnt,it just ruins them.bo quality control when the over cook something.
3	The food quality is good and the prices are fair. I have been here four times and my order was wrong twice. I really wish you could order mixed burritos without onions.
4	My favorite Robertos and luckily it is close to the house. I always get a friendly smile and feel welcome and that they appreciate my business. I have read other reviews about them not melting the cheese on the enchiladas, that was not a fluke or an oversight on an order, they just don't. They will if you ask though but for me the flavor is good enough that I don't even care about that. I love their rice and beans, may not be the most authentic in the land but is very pleasing to my simple pallete.  For the money and the portions for a fast mexican meal it surely does the job for me. Its rival for my attention is pepes. I haven't tried many other places and now that i am joining the yelp family I will seek some others out.. Robertos, can ya keep up the pace cuz I am gonna cheat on you.....
3	First, let me just start off by saying that Roberto's is not my favorite Taco Shop. I eat at Roberto's only when it's past midnight and after my friends and I have had a night out on the town. Roberto's greasy food is just what the doctor ordered after you've had your fill of drinks. Roberto's Taco Shop also happens to be conveniently located next to where I live. I usually order the combo quesadilla meal, which at $4.55, is a no-brainer choice because it's 1) cheap and 2) hard to mess up a quesadilla. The quesadilla is loaded with cheese and dripping with grease, which is fine by me in the wee hours of the morning. The beans and rice served with the quesadilla are average.   Here's why I'm giving Roberto's Taco Shop 3 stars even though I think their food is less than stellar:1. Affordable prices2. Food is brought out quickly3. Open 24/74. You can eat your food in peace and quiet at 2AM at a sit-down fast-food restaurant5. Located throughout Vegas Customer service is minimal, but I don't expect anyone to be perky at 2AM. I would say I'm a regular at Roberto's, but it's due to the fact that it's convenient, not out of love for the shop's food. In sum, Roberto's is a no-frill Taco Shop with average food, but it's a quick and easy option that everyone can agree on eating at before hitting the sack.
4	The location is the best I've tried. Always get the order right & the mexican rice is great!
4	been to a few valley locations & this one is still my favorite.a little bias review since we come here so often the staff recognize us as soon as we walk in. but, whatev. =)ham&cheese breakfast burrito with green sauce, SO YUM!sometimes the self serve bar area is completely destroyed but the staff is pleasant enough that if you ask for something not so iffy looking, they most always help you out.
4	Lots of food for the money! They are fast and food good...our favorite it the beef chimi and asada fries! Both are huge! Staff is always friendly.
4	Open 24 hours and always consistent.  Machaca burrito, California burrito, and Carne Asada fries are my "go-to" dishes.
5	This is the best place for Mexican food late at night. The food is always fresh and the restaurant is clean.
4	Nothing like a late dinner cheese quesadilla with spicy enchilada sauce... Robertos style.  Always friendly  good prices here.
