4	After moving all the way across the country in my tiny little car, I was pretty glad to see another Goodyear Tire nearby.  I had taken my fussy car to the one back in Buffalo many times before and the service there had been excellent.  I'm pleased to report that the same can be said for Goodyear Tire here on Union Hills as well.  The service here is friendly.  Even after only a few visits (yeah, my car isn't in the best of shape) they knew me by name.Thanks Goodyear!  As long as I've got a car that needs fixing, I'll be coming to you guys.
3	Friendly service.  No hassels and explain work without feeling like they are talking above my head.  No one likes car repairs but they made it easier to stomach.
1	What a joke. I took my girlfriends car to this place because of some tire issues that we were having on her car. There was an obvious object stuck in the tire and their was obvious separation. Drove their on a Saturday, the guy working said they couldn't do anything so sent me home. Driving home, that is...Also my tire pressure light was still on after they said they filled up the tire...Oh and the only reason I even came to this place was she had purchased the tires here a year before and also bought the worthless warranty. Anyways, dropped the car off the next day at the scheduled time. Sat in the waiting room that claimed to have free Wi-fi that didn't work. Anyways after an hour and a half of waiting, the manager I believe comes in and tells me exactly what he told me the day before, except now he says I need new struts. He said he didn't have the tires we needed and he would call me the next business day.  Well that day has passed and even with the warranty from Goodyear, we ended up going to Discount. They took care of us in a professional manner.What a waste of time. Don't go here.
1	Boo! Made an appt for 2 on a Saturday for an oil change. Showed up on time....still sitting here 2 hours later watching them just now begin the oil change. They used to be ok, but have gotten real bad real quick. Nowdays they take forever and are always trying to upsell additional services. I don't feel the their assesments are trust worthy. Will not be back.
5	These guys are great! I already use Goodyear for my oil changes, but now have entrusted them to make large repairs to my truck. They are honest and reliable. I would definitely recommend them for all of your servicing needs.
1	Total scammers! If you get a coupon from these folks they won't do the service for that price and will "have to" charge you more. Bait and switch. Do not go here. Find someone reputable.
4	They were there for me when I needed them (flat tire on Sunday 8/18/13) and for that I thank them.  Prices are a bit higher than others, but customer service was excellent when I needed it most.
1	Just moved to this side of town, used Goodyear on Bell road in Surprise so when we had a issue on the first day in our new house we took it to this location.  Bad idea.  Felt like we were used and abused.  Will try someplace else next time.
1	Called Goodyear Tire and Service on Saturday 06/21/14 looking for a set of tires for my wife's 2004 Jaguar XJ8. Spoke with Joe he was helpful in tire selection. I had been looking for a high end tire for her car that would do well in the AZ heat and sudden rainfall. After speaking over the phone 3 times I wanted to give joe the business. I showed up at 8:45am Sunday to have my tires installed like Joe and I talked about. They did not have me on the books and joe did not have my tires. He said I needed to wait an hour to have one of his techs drive to go pick them up. After being in the store and seeing the way things were run I chose to not do business with Goodyear Tire. I will also NEVER purchase goodyear product after this experience.  Joes a nice guy but it takes more than that to earn my business.
4	I really enjoy working with the people here. This morning I went because my battery has been acting funny. One day my car works fine, the next it won't even turn on or unlock with the alarm remote. These poor guys stood in the pouring Arizona monsoon rain to look at my battery just to find that the connection just needed to be tightened. They did not make me feel bad for them getting soaked and I appreciated that. They also noticed that I needed new windshield wipers and put them on right away for me. They are also efficient and get me where I need to go quickly. At first, I went to them because it was close to my house. Now I go because I know I can trust them to tell me the truth, not pressure me into getting services I don't need, and I find the price fair.
1	I used to always come and get work done. It's been about a month Now it's under new management by a older gentlemen and he has No Customer service, he is always rude and seems to be in a bad mood.
