5	The BFF and I ended up here thanks to Groupon. Not only is it a gallery, but you can paint in the back. SO much fun!! Lots going on here. Three sizes of canvas to choose from--8x10, 16x20, and one bigger. Acrylic paints, aprons provided so it doesn't stain your clothes. Books and art (sculpture, paintings, jewelry) in the gallery for inspiration. Suggestions and praise from the guy running the place (who was really nice and helpful). He knew a lot about art, teaches classes, etc. Prices: $10 studio fee and then you buy the canvas. Can't remember canvas prices offhand, but they were really reasonable. $25 for the 16x20 (maybe?).They also have a bring your own wine class!Check out their website for more details: www.sundustgallery.comI've attached a picture of my end result. It's awesome, no big deal...:o)
4	very, very cool.neat little gallery with the option to use their painting room. i love to paint but i hate buying paints and i hate worrying about getting it on stuff in my house. so this was PPPEEEEERFECT for me. i went in with a friend and we went to town. i bought a 16x20 canvas for $20 and painted a masterpiece. this is way better than as you wish bc i was seriously running out of random ceramic things to paint. now i can make my own artwork which i just love because i am AMAZINGLY talented. i will totally make you a canvas too, no big deal ;) i'll even sign it. i have one wall that i would love to make a piece of artwork for but it requires a super large canvas so next time i am going to call to see if he'd let me use his space but bring my own canvas and i'll pay whatever fee he wants. they offer classes as well and you can BYOB. after this, i downloaded the Joann app on my phone for a 50% off coupon and i bought a frame for my new artwork. it's now framed and hung in my house.
5	Went here with a friend and a Groupon and had an awesome time. This is different from the places where there is a painting of the night that everyone ends up trying to copy or mimic. Instead, there are about 40 small pictures up on the wall and you can pick one to try and mimic, or come with your own design. The teachers roam and help with painting tips and take care of distributing paint and helping clean up. We brought a bottle of wine and had tons of fun. This would be a great place for a bachelorette party or something similar. I'd love to come back- my painting is now hanging up in our office and I love the way it turned out.
4	A girlfriend and I bought Living Social deals a few months ago for a BYOB paint class and finally made our reservations to get our paint on. By the time we were ready to schedule, we realized our vouchers had long been expired, but luckily SunDust is gracious in accepting expired deals and we just had to pay an additional $10 to take the class. **Note, not only are they now located in Gilbert, AZ (check website for new address), but Google maps will not take you to the right location. Their gallery shares a lot with Fry's Food and AutoZone and they're next to State Farm and TruWest Credit UnionI arrived a few minutes early to take care of payment and had some time to browse the art while waiting for my friend to arrive. The art they have showcased is very impressive and there was a lot of great deals in their "clearance" section. I meant to buy a photo but definitely forgot on my way out :(There was about 11 of us in the class and I'm convinced painting classes are a great way to meet people and wind down. Everyone was very friendly and Peggy was a great host and instructor. You are able to pick a painting for inspiration out of a book, or you can paint your own creation. I liked being able to pick my own piece but, and my only knock, is that with everyone doing something different, it was hard to keep moving along with only one instructor. The class ended an hour later than scheduled because everyone was still working. It was enjoyable and I didn't even notice the added length, but I think having another person on staff would help things more smoothly. Their old location was much closer so I don't know how soon I'll be back, but I had a great time and would recommend them to friends.
4	We did the walk-in studio. Had a good time and my daughter liked the place. The staff walk around and give you tips. 11x14 stretched canvas is $20, 16x20 is $30 plus the studio fee. It was fun but will not return for that price. They supply with poor quality art supplies (cheap brushes and acrylic paint).
4	Had a groupon for BYOB painting. I was a little disappointed because I expected some instruction but they said paint whatever you want - they had some examples that they would give some assistance with but you were free to use your creativity. I wanted my structure but my friends were great with this concept. I drank more wine than my friends and all left happy and would go back.
4	Thanks to Yelp I found SunDust and the hot boyfriend and I went in to make a couple of pictures for my kitchen.The cool thing about SunDust is that you can literally walk in at anytime before 6pm and paint to your hearts content. The prices are not bad considering that everything is provided for you.Peggy, the owner is very nice and helpful, but doesn't hover, which I appreciate. We will be back again soon!
4	What a great time!A friend spotted a Living Social deal - and decided to organize a girls night. So much fun!We all met up for dinner, and headed here with beer and wine and desire to laugh and make art. Mission accomplished!I had been hesitating to go to one of these places - at is seems you have to paint the one picture they give you on that night, Here, there was a book with about 30 selections to choose from - and some of the women painted things they found online.The instructor was friendly and helpful - offered tips, suggestions and as much or as little guidance as each person wanted. She was also accommodating that I wanted to completely change the color scheme of the painting I chose.All in all - great night, lots of laughs, new friends, stronger bonds with old friends - and a really cute souvenir or the night to hang on my wall.Great concept - great place, looking forward to doing it again!
