5	I just completed the Abundant Living Retreat in Rancho Mirage, CA.  Eric Plantenberg rocks!!!  The usefulness and applicability of the information presented is boundless.  The retreat was easily worth five times what I paid.  Definitely recommend this program, as well as their memory training.
5	Just an amazing and one of a kind organization.  The programs available with Freedom Personal Development are the pinnacle of personal development and coaching.  The Leadership, the speakers, and facilitators are some of the most effective professionals you could find across the country.  The Abundant Living Retreat is a must do experience that will transform a person's ability to achieve their most important goals in their life!  I absolutely recommend this company and it's leaders - Eric Plantenberg, Roger Seip, & Tom Weber!
5	I have literally done hundreds of personal and professional development programs over the years. This (The Abundant Living Retreat) is by far the best! It is so amazingly powerful,  and, at the same time, practical. I was able to immediately use the tools learned at the retreat, which translated into amazing results in my relationships, personal aspirations,, and professional effectiveness. Moreover, i continue to use them in my daily life (and I attended the retreat 7 months ago).  If you are someone who wants to squeeze more juice out of life, this is the program for you! You will not be disappointed! By the way, if i had known the difference this retreat would make in my life, I would have paid  at least double the cost. I already have my spot reserved for next year - can't wait to see what unfolds for me as i continue to practice and continue to play at a higher level in my life! There is nothing better than living a life you love and loving the life you are living. Thanks Eric and the Freedom team - you really do rock!Thomas J
5	My wife and I attended The Abundant Living Retreat together in March 2012 and since being there we have both seen major positive growth in our lives.We both recently attended a 1-day seminar in Vancouver, BC, Canada featuring FPD founder Eric Plantenberg & being there took us back to the Retreat.  Thank you so much Eric for creating the Abundant Living Retreat and for coming to Vancouver to share "The Anatomy of Results" with many more people.  The curriculum you reveal & the safe space you share in your seminar's & The ALR is by far the best, positive life transforming experience both my wife and I have ever seen.It's been less than a week since you were here and we are both seeing fantastic results already in our lives.  I personally feel more aware of & in control of my state.  Some very nice contracts have come to me in my business without having to chase anything down.  My relationship and communication with my wife keeps getting better (more loving, patient & understanding).There simply is not enough room here to share the multitudes of benefits you will receive if you were to gift yourself the greatest gift of enrolling in the Abundant Living Retreat.  You simply cannot put a price on how much better your life can become when you choose to attend the Retreat.My wife and I will be attending the ALR again in the future.  We don't know when, yet we know the high value Eric and the Freedom Personal Development staff offer through the Retreat.If you strongly desire to have positive personal improvement in your life, it is imperative that you attend the Abundant Living Retreat sooner rather than later.  You owe it to yourself to find a way to be there.  You will only regret hearing about everyone else's transformation stories unless you are there with the best of the best.  You can do it!  Now go sign up!
5	I had a vague idea of what Eric's event was going to be like when I tagged along with some friends this November, and I was sleep deprived and grumpy from a stressful week. So I wasn't sure what my experience would be like. However, once I arrived, it was clear that I wasn't going to feel grumpy much longer. Eric has such a unique speaking style. when he sits on his chair up there and talks, it doesn't feel like you're receiving a lecture: It feels as if you're having a stimulating conversation with a good friend of yours. He's very reasonable, down-to-earth, genuine, and funny, but he has so much to teach anyone. The content he delivered in this 1-day seminar is such valuable information that I believe it could radically improve anyone's life, not just my own; this is no understatement. I made real connections with people at the event and we got to see how even though all of us were very different in life styles, careers, experiences and dreams, using the information could affect us all in great ways. Thank you so much Eric! I hope I get to see you again very soon. Massive positive impact.
1	I went for a Freedom Personal Dev. Memory Training Class.  They offered money back guarantees that are not worth a thing.  Five of us attended the two day class.What a waste of time!  We are all still where we were before we went thru the "seminar".Tried to get our money back.  Small Claims Court. Money back guarantee???Took them to court.  They claimed that while we resided in California, we cannot sue them in Wisconsin!!!!!  This is a technicality that they use all the time, I would guess!!I would not touch this company's products with a barge pole.  Waste of time and money.I am sure all the glowing reviews were put in by the company itself!!!!   These guys are crooks.
