5	The most happening place at Sky Harbor.  OUTSTANDING customer service at an airport is unheard of but this place delivers it!    The quality of food, customer service and atmosphere blew me away.  There was a long line when I got there at 9am but it moved quickly and I received my breakfast sandwich in under 5 minutes.  I had the spicy egg sandwich which was delicious especially with the complexity of the smoky chipotle sauce.  Get to the airport extra early and make the trip to Wildflower!
5	The staff at this restaurant is amazing! Supremely friendly! The food was also amazing. We loved the sea salt and hazelnut cookies. Highly recommend when you're at the airport that you stop by. It meant a lot and made our wait at the airport much better.
5	Nice to find healthy options when having a layover.  They had three ready made sandwich options that all sounded good.  I landed on a pesto, brie, sun dried tomato, and arugula sandwich.  It was perfectly seasoned with just a hint of salt and sweetness from the sun dried tomato.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  I felt for the price it was an excellent way to satisfy my hunger.  I'll be back next time through the PHX airport.
5	Not a lot of healthy options when traveling so this place is a must for me whenever I am in Phoenix Airport which is every other week. Their soups always taste great and super hot. Their sandwiches are also so fresh and tastes great. I agree with everyone who posted a review that their customer service is excellent.Little tip: if you ask for a cup of water, they will give you a 12 oz water in their wild flower plastic cups with lip for free. I am deff a fan of this place!
5	This place is wonderful. Not only did they accommodate my post-breakfast, breakfast order, but they did it with genuine friendliness.Every person I encountered here was pleasant and friendly. The store is clean, there's a large variety of options and the food is great.I hope they will open locations in the other airports I frequent!
5	With some extra time before a delayed flight we find ourselves at Wildflower for some snacks. The food was good no question. But what impressed us most was the service. An incredibly friendly team of people!  And while sitting and eating two different people stopped to ask us if we needed anything and how our food was. Unexpected in an airport counter service food area. Thanks for a great experience!
3	Seeing healthier and vegetarian friendly options is always a relief while traveling! I had been to other Wildflower Bread Company restaurants before, but I think this was my first visit to the one at Sky Harbor.I love it when places tell you on the menu if soups are vegetarian or not, always a big help to me. I got the half vegetable soup, and half brie tomato and pesto sandwich. The cashier was nice, no issues there. Was irritated though that I could not get a half salad. Both my mom and I wanted half salads, kinda sucks we could not get them since other places have that option available.Another downside was that it took forever for them to get us our food. My mom ordered like 10 minutes after me and still got her food before me. Like all I got was a cup of soup and half of a simple sandwich! The lady called my name and i got all excited..just to then have her say " your food isn't ready yet, it will be soon". Like you couldn't have just walked up and told me that instead of getting my hopes up? But that isn't a big deal, was thinking out of hanger haha.The soup was pretty good, I enjoyed it, not amazing though. Felt the same about the sandwich, felt like something was missing. I did like it though, just was not quite as good as I had anticipated.My Wildflower Bread Company experience was not terrible, but it also was not amazing. I'd like to go to the location I live near to see if it is better than the airport one, which I would imagine it is!
5	Great sandwiches and soup... Courteous staff.. Perfect spot for a quick snack in between flights
4	Usually food at the airport is sad. For breakfast, the chipotle egg sandwich here was very tasty!! It was hot and satisfying. If you're in terminal 4, check it out!
