5	So we were walking down Penn, showing some family from out of town all the cool shops and eateries on the strip, and we're parched. We step inside Prestogeorge's and are immediately assaulted with wonderful aromas. What could that be? We come to find out that this awesome place not only carries an entire wall of freshly dried leaf teas (more selections than I knew existed) but roasts their own coffee beans. I wanted a hot coffee, but considering the temperature, I went with a frozen caramel creme coffee. The barista was awesome, she answered all of our questions about which ones she liked the best and why. She seemed excited to be of help, which in this town I've found to be a rarity. The rest of my party got smoothies, which were all very good, but the best were the orange creme and the butter rum smoothie. I will definitely be returning there to try more flavors and maybe be adventurous and buy some tea!
5	This coffeeshop is a winner.They have deli foods, which always have a happy line, but I've never managed to try them.  I made a beeline for the back of the shop, where they probably have fifty varieties of coffee beans, and at least as many varieties of tea.  Behind the coffee, in a glass-walled room, is the roaster, this enormous machine that lets them roast the beans fresh, all the time, in the store.Behind the counter is an older guy named John Prestogeorge.  When I asked him for a recommendation, he suggested the J.P. Hearty blend on their coffee list, which is a blend he started selling in the 1960's.  He's still there.  It's still good.  Lately, I've moved to the organic sumatran, and really want to try the kona; I'm confident they'll be around for awhile, and I'll be headed back.
5	This place is still really good. I went in here to buy some loose leaf tea that I saw the last time I was there, squeezed my way to the back of the store, and tried to decide what I wanted. I was helped by an older gentleman who knew more about tea than I'm sure anyone else, and he steered me towards a few selections of tea, which turns out, I love. I will definitely return and get more tea and probably some coffee as well.
5	This is my 2nd time in Pittsburgh and when I was here a year ago, I happened upon Prestogeorge in The Strip District by accident when I was running by and someone stopped to ask me the time and he was horribly disappointed the shop had just closed as he was driving from quite a ways to get some coffee. I knew it had to be something special if this person was coming from quite a distance just to buy coffee. I went back the next day and found the tea selection to be the best I've ever found in the USA. (Sorry not a coffee drinker nor have I eaten at the deli so this review is from the tea perspective only.) Back in Pittsburgh now and it was one of my first stops this trip plus I had my sister stop for me when she was in town earlier this year and she loved it too.Here's what I've purchased in loose teas: DeCaf Cherry Sencha (if you like cherries you'll love this tea. Closest thing to drinking the best cherries you've ever eaten. On the expensive side compared to the others I purchased but worth every dime) Blueberry Black English Breakfast Strawberry Black Wild Cherry Black Creme Earl Gray Blackfruits White I bought a few 1/8 lbs, 1/4 lbs and a 1/2 lb of the sencha and my total bill was $37. All of the teas are excellent and I only wished I had a tea shop like this in my area. Great news is that they do ship anywhere and have a great website for ordering. The tea guy that helped me this time is the same as last year and he's very nice and helpful. The only thing lacking is space to sit and enjoy (very limited seating with just 1 table). I'd say if you're  in Pittsburgh and if you like tea or coffee (coffee I can only judge from the long line and great smell!) this is a must visit (or check out their on line shop if you're out of area). Be sure to check the hours because like everything in The Strip, they close early.
5	Of all of the wonderful shops in the Strip District, this is my favorite.  Yes, I'm a coffee-junkie and I believe that nobody has a better selection of fresh, interesting coffee flavors -- not even that other coffee shop at the other end of the Strip.  My wife is a tea-aholic and the selection of teas is equally oustanding.  But there's more to PFF: the staff is one of the friendliest and most welcoming "family" I've ever encountered.  If you want great coffee and tea merchandised with warmth and concern for the customer, run to PFF.  And try the following coffee blends:  J P Hearty  Black and Gold (not a gimmick but a great blend!)  SumatraAnd the peanut butter is wonderful, too!
5	I adore Prestogeorge. They've got a ton of freshly roasted coffees, which is great. Also? Lots and lots of loose-leaf tea. I may be willing to admit a small tea addiction, and this is one of my favorite places to try something new. I've given coffee and tea from here as gifts and they've always been well-received; it's especially nice that I can get whatever grind I'd like.There's also a smallish selection of gourmet foods, and my husband likes some of the dips. Then again, he likes most dips.My favorite, favorite thing here, though, is the staff. I always end up stopping here and buying SOMETHING when I'm in the Strip, because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about "back in the day, the mom and pop stores really took care of you blah blah fishcakes," this is the kind of service I imagine.
5	Fresh coffee, nice selection of organic beans, knowledgeable and friendly staff and decent prices. Very proud of their freshness here--an employee insisted that my friend shove his hand into the bag of coffee he just bought to feel the warmth of the freshly roasted beans. Hesitantly, he did and admitted it was quite warm. Venturing back into the icy Strip District streets, the toasty little packages were a nice perk in our coat pockets.
5	Friendly staff member showed us the fresh coffee beans and the massive roasters one morning. Amazing coffee
5	Even when I don't need any coffee or tea I love popping my head into this place to look at the rows upon rows of glass tubs filled with every kind of coffee bean and tea leaf your heart could desire ....and the smell is heavenly. The one time they didn't have the obscure tea I wanted they immediately offered to try to find it and have it in stock for the following week. Everyone here is extremely helpful and I've tasted many a fine teas and coffees thanks to them.
4	Kicks. Butt.Prestogeorge is a family run roastery on the Strip District that pumps out some interesting and fun flavors.  They have an incredibly wide selection of flavors to please anyone.  Their tea selection is QUITE impressive! While they dont have as many fair trade options as I hoped for, the food and service is exceptional.  Yet another great place to chill and hang out on the Strip.
5	Prestogeorge is not entirely at fault for my coffee addiction, but it IS what got me off Starbucks/Keurig cups and into the jittery world of grind-your-own-coffee enthusiasm.  They have so many different blends and flavors, all roasted on site.  A few of my favorites:Italian Roast (Espresso--the old standby), 100% Kona (Delicious, but $$$$, so an occasional treat), Vermont Maple, Coconut CreamThey also have a full deli, specialty foods, and as many kinds of loose tea as they have coffee blends.  Every time I'm at Prestogeorge stocking up on beans, I think about starting a loose tea collection...but that would surely lead to over-caffeination.
5	I've had coffee and tea in the north and south, and on the east and west coasts, and Prestogeorge is among the best in the country.(Side note: The make some pretty damn good sammiches too!)Not only is the selection of coffee and loose leaf teas to be marveled at, but the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Coffee is available in just about any grind. Prices of both coffees and teas are extremely reasonable. Although the line can be long, it is not because of a lack of service - only a large volume of faithful clients. 10 times out of 10, I would go out of my way for Prestogeorge coffees and teas. For nearly 10 years, and in three different states, I continued to order from Prestogeorge online.Stop going to Starbucks. Quit buying crappy coffee at the grocery store.Go to Prestogeorge!
4	The perfectly balanced cappuccino -- skim milk, extra shot --warmed the cockles of my heart.$9.49 for an aromatic pound of Italian Blend espresso beans lovingly roasted on premise had my wallet  -- and then our espresso machine -- singing "O Sole Mio."Nattily dressed coffologists -- sporting plaid button-fronts and page-boy caps -- ignited the same butterflies that drove my obsession with "Newsies" in middle school.So many reasons to love this little independent wonder.
4	Rows and rows and rows of coffee. It's pretty overwhelming for a non-coffee drinker. But if there's a wonderful staff, they will lead you in the right direction. In comes a coffee dude that was very knowledgeable and lead me to what sounded like a pretty tasty blend!I was in shopping for a friend who loves pumpkin coffee, so I made a beeline for the coffee dude and said "must. have. pumpkin." Thankfully he knew what I was saying and said he had this special "harvest blend" he mixes himself of cinnamon, hazelnut and pumpkin. Sounded and smelled delicious, so I trusted him. I sauntered over to the tea wall and saw the many blends of loose leaf tea they have as well. That's my biznas right there! I noticed a Christmas blend that sounded amazing, but sadly they were sold out. Of course, a couple weeks before xmas that would happen! So I stocked up on some Vanilla Creme Stash tea and vowed to come back and take some time to dive into their tea selection. For those Strip District wanderers, they have a full coffee bar as well that I'd trust is as awesome as their collection of beans and leaves. Tons of supplies for all your sipping needs are packed into this store as well. If you're a coffee or tea lover, this will be your jam. As the terminator would say, I'll be back!
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got cheese in my tummy.This place is very compact.  I felt a bit overwhelmed. There is just so much to look at.  On my visit to PFF I got a 16oz cappuccino and a grilled cheese with bacon. Maybe you are asking yourself how awesome can a grilled cheese sandwich really be please read on.The cheese on my sandwich was melted all the way through no cold center to be found here.  The bacon was perfectly crisp too.  I was a little concerned about this because from across the deli counter I didn't see any real cook station.  It looks as if they are back there working with a microwave and a toaster oven.  But really I had nothing to worry about because the sandwich came out perfect.  There is some real magic happening behind that counter.  I seriously doubt I could ever hope to replicate that grilled cheese at home with my toaster oven...maybe it's industrial grade?Bonus,  they served it with a little pickle.  The cappuccino was also very good. The foam was knuckle deep. Now that's something you're not going to get a Dunkin Doughnuts. Prestogeorge makes food...but there is only one table inside that could probably seat about 4 people comfortably.  You might want to be mindful of that in case you're looking to dine in.  I was able to snag the table with it being 7 degrees outside...it wasn't too busy and it was Wednesday too.My only hang up is that the 16oz drink is the smallest drink size.  I ended up wasting about 1/3rd of my beverage.
4	We rotate our coffee purchases between here and La Prima.  It's a tad overwhelming if you don't know what you're looking for, but the staff is ready and willing to help direct you to a coffee bean that is perfect for your taste.  We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends, and all are delicious.  I highly recommend giving this place a try!
5	This place rocks! The coffee selection is out of this world and the coffee itself is wonderful! It is smooth and just terrific!
5	I happen to be a big tea fan, and they have so many different flavors of loose leaf tea. The employees are always so friendly, and I never come out empty handed or disappointed!
5	The only problem I have with Prestogeorge coffee is that it makes most other coffee taste like sadness.  Seriously.  Once you start buying your coffee here, you can't accept anything less.  I see the bottom of the coffee-bean canister and start to panic: how soon can I get over there and buy more?  Don't be overwhelmed, just try something; it's going to be great, whatever you choose.  Plus, if you have a child in tow, the person working the cash register always offers little ones a cookie.  My daughter never, ever minds an errand run at Prestogeorge!
4	Holy smokes crazy tea place you are crazy. it would have been a 5, but i got 'guilted' out of getting coffee when i was told I was ordering the last cup (after i relented, someone else just ordered after me). granted, it was Christmas Eve and people the employees wanted to go home.The excitement about this place is evident from my mom's enthusiasm about the place as a tea expert. In the tea arena, i have seen no equal. The mustached tea guru who works there literally puts together the different teas - and has an intimate knowledge of each.
4	I stopped by here today with my fiance in order to pick up some loose leaf tea and also to get some cups of coffee.  I have been to Prestogeorge Fine Foods before but it has been awhile.  While the outside doesn't look like too much the inside is pretty nice, albeit a bit crowded and small.  On this occasion there were not many people inside which made it nice and easy to walk around.  Besides a rather large number of coffees they also boast to have over 300 loose leaf teas.  All of their coffees and teas are behind the counter and you have to get help to buy any of them.  I thought that it was odd and made looking at the different kinds difficult.  It was only after we left the store that my fiance said that they had lists of what they had to offer.  Whoops!  Next time I suppose that I will have to look at that.  The service for the two teas that I got was good and I was able to easily ask the guy for the right amount for me.  The coffee was also easy to order although I was surprised at the lack of coffee drinks that they serve for a place that specializes in coffee.  Thankfully they did have my go to drink, the Americano and my fiance and I both ordered one in the only size that they had.  After receiving it I asked for some cream and was pointed around the corner and found only half and half in the little pre-sealed cup.  Once again for a place specializing in coffee this was a bit disappointing. Thankfully the taste of the Americano more than made up for that as it was strong and extremely smooth.  My fiance also enjoyed hers as well.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future not only for their large selection of loose leaf teas but also for their Americanos.   Make sure that if you want anything from behind the counter to look at their lists as I surely will the next time that I am there.  I also hope that in the future they will have some milk in addition to the half and half but I am not holding my breath.
4	This place is a hidden gem in the strip district. The aroma alone is what drew me in. Let me tell you the list they have for iced latte flavors is ridiculous! I stuck with my favorite simple Caramel iced latte. They transform it to something amazing and delicious. Perfection. I haven't checked out all the other stuff they have to offer but the lattes were the best I've ever had. I did get a brownie there that was a little disappointing and stale. But I don't go there for the brownies.
5	My family has been going to the Strip and shopping at Prestogeorge for years. When I moved to the DC area I couldn't find any coffee as good as Prestogeorge's. Luckily, you can order online and have it shipped to your house. Every time I order it comes to my door the next day. This is such a plus for me since I always wait until the last minute to order coffee when I'm running low. You can order whole beans or have them ground to your specific coffee pot/french press. My favorite flavor of coffee is coconut cream. My only complaint is that they don't send you a receipt via email or shipping confirmation. But really, who needs an email when it comes the next day with a printed receipt in the box? Please give this place a try if you're looking for the best and freshest coffee around!
3	Customer service is lacking and parking limited but to be expected in the Strip... Irish creme hot chocolate was surprisingly tasty
4	They have an extensive assortment of coffee beans and a friendly, quick staff. I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them.
5	Best coffee in the burgh. The customer service is always great to boot! I used to come here on a daily basis and ALWAYS go when I'm able to get down to the strip. They provide the largest selection of latte flavors and teas. The sandwiches are good and the breakfast choices are also good - the cinnamon buns heated up are the ish.
4	I love this place.  I start loving this place before I walk through the door because the aroma of coffee is just pure heaven  If you love coffee, you'll love Prestogeorge.  They have everything, and if you aren't sure what you need, they somehow just know exactly what you need and will just tell you.You know what else is really impressive?  The sheer volume of products they have in their tiny space.  This store is packed with goodies.  It's also a good lunch spot!  They've got good sandwiches and salads.  Sometimes the weight can be a little long, but its worth it and any way you will be busy looking at everything the store offers, from European cookies to tea to coffee.I highly recommend this place!
5	This is, by far, one of my favorite places in the Strip District! My favorite tea is the China Rose tea, which not only has a beautiful look to it, but has a wonderful taste! The Apple Caramel Almond is also very good, complete with halved almonds! The milk oolong tea is a little more pricey, but tastes almost like buttery popcorn! It is so unique and exquisite. There are so many coffees and teas to choose from that you could get lost all day just smelling the coffees and choosing which ones you want to take home! You can buy tea pots and infusers here to accompany your new loose leaf teas if you need something new or want to try different ways to drink tea. The prices are absolutely phenomenal. Depending on the tea, for about 2 oz of loose leaf teas or coffee, you are looking at a minimum of $1 and some change! The space is small, so it can be overwhelming when it's busy, but once the crowd dies down, you can really take your time and enjoy the coffees and teas without feeling rushed. Definitely check out this place, you won't be disappointed!
3	I stopped in to get an americano.  It tastes just like a Starbucks americano.  Maybe this is good for Pittsburgh?  I grew up here, but didn't start drinking coffee until after I left.
5	Their coffee and tea are the best in the burgh! I love watching the coffee roasting in the back. Also, I usually do not enjoy flavored coffee, but I have loved many varieties that I have bought here. Definitely worth a visit while in the Strip District!
5	J.P. Hearty or die. If you need the beans, you need Prestogeorge.
5	Since recently taking a more serious interest in brewing my own coffee, I am willing to go in search of a better bean.  Prestogeorge is top of my list.  I always marvel at their selection of coffees, the different types of beans and roasts.  The wall off coffee can be intimidating, but the staff is knowledgeable and helpful without being pretentious.  I started off with the JP Hearty Blend and was not disappointed.  I've since purchased other blends including the Italian espresso (which I used to make some delicious chocolate covered espresso beans) and the Vienna Roast (which I use for cold brewing).  Loose leaf tea is also available as well as brewing supplies.  If flavored coffee is more your thing, it is definitely not in short supply here.  Prestogeorge also serves beverages and some food items but I have never tried anything prepared there.  The cost of their coffee and supplies is more than reasonable when compared to national brands available in local grocery stores.  And for coffee roasted on site where you can watch the process, you can't beat it.
