1	Greyhound in Pittsburgh gets no stars based on my experience today. I had a ticket to get on a bus to Columbus, Ohio at 7:45 am. So did 30 other people. Only 3 people got a seat. They were filled by people who were returning to the bus. No-one apologized to us. We were given the to get on a bus for Cleveland, but no-one at the gate could tell me the itinerary, or when I would arrive at my final destination. I had to wait in the ticket line to find out. I had to cancel my plans to meet friends and family today. I did get a refund, but it wasn't with a smile. I have never had such a negative experience travelling. Thank goodness Megabus is expanding.
1	From the very first words I exchanged with the driver, I knew I would never be back. After attempting to make light humor with him, he told me "I don't do jokes sir, I don't play games." -So to the back of the bus I went! I transferred in Pittsburgh and boy was it an experience. The place was run down, poorly lit, and sketchy things were happening left and right. Had I not been so hungry I wouldn't have thought about touching the food. The bus I was supposed to board had somehow filled up already (though all of us from the previous bus had yet to get on) so we waited for over an hour while another driver was on his way. The next two buses, along with the previous one, were their old models, complete with mysterious stains on the ceiling since day one of operation. Sleep was impossible and courtesy was never found until I made it home (nearly kissed the ground)I sound to be a bit meticulous here, but I just want to make it clear for anyone who is unsure if they should go with Greyhound or not... DON'T DO IT! I know my experience was far from one of a kind. This is the prime example of a run down company with poor management that places customer service on the bottom of their priorities.All in all, if there were a zero stars option, needless to say it would be checked.Thank goodness for MegaBus!
3	Newly opened Greyhound bus station in Pittsburgh is a clean and pleasant location and is a modest improvement over the two past renditions of a bus station in this town.  They have also reduced their fares to not only meet but often beat competitors.  I can get a fare for $26.99 to 32.99 here whereas the competition charges about $35 to $43 for the same route unless you book MONTHS in advance. I have not experienced lateness nor overfilled busses in Pittsburgh except one time on a 4th of July holiday years ago they had to provide an overflow bus. Also, one time it snowed several inches in NYC and our Philly-Pittsburgh bus was cancelled without notice and I had to spend 7 hours waiting for the next scheduled bus to take me. However, this bus is otherwise useful and reliable a majority of the time for my Philly and Ohio trips.  Drawbacks: Can't get a hold of them by phone. They have an automated schedule line, but there is no way to speak to a local agent. I guess they got tired of telling people how late their busses would arrive.  They should also invest in an arrivals/departure board and posted schedules.  I hate having to guess where my bus is and when it will arrive.
1	I called customer service to see if I can change the time on my ticket... they said it was ok and there would be no fees since the time i want was on the same day.  All i had to do was go to the station and get that changed.  I went to the pittsburgh greyhound station.  they charged my a 15 dollar fee to change per ticket and the sketchy thing was that they wouldn't take my debit/credit card; Ca$h only! what?! ugh...So make you you bring cash with you if you want any services done here.Also, People there were so rude! beyond rude! and talk down to people.
1	One star is more than generous! My daughter experienced a harrowing ride on Greyhound Bus last Friday, February 15. This was the second time in five trips that the bus she rode broke down for an extended period. A forty percent failure rate is unacceptable. Their buses are unsafe and a danger to each passenger who rides Greyhound.This bus was scheduled to leave Pittsburgh, Pa. at 3:30 p.m. The driver confirmed that the bus's transmission was not working properly several minutes into the trip. My daughter said the bus could not maintain speed or safely merge into traffic because the transmission could not provide enough pick-up to drive normally. In addition, the bus almost flipped over. This was also confirmed by the bus driver.After boarding thirty minutes late, the driver turned the wrong way out of the terminal and got stuck on a side street attempting to turn the bus around. The bus's engine shut off and the customers had to stand in below freezing, blowing snow for hours waiting for a Greyhound fleet tow truck. The driver said that the axles had become misaligned which caused the engine to fail. After realizing this tow truck was insufficient to pull the bus out of the mud, everyone had to wait again until a second tow truck was dispatched. Knowing the bus's transmission was broken, the driver continued to drive the bus to Frederick, Md! The trip that was supposed to end at 7:30 PM was not over until after 1:00 AM!Our daughter has travelled home by bus to and from Pittsburgh experiencing over ten trips. On most trips, she rides Megabus and has never encountered such gross incompetence as her limited trips on Greyhound. She hopes to never have to ride Greyhound again.
1	Why did yelp take my review down about greyhouns's trip from Pittsburgh to Washington, DC on February 15, 2013? If you want more uncensored truths about that horrific trip, just check twitter! What are they afraid of?
1	Left Denver for Pittsburgh. The first two drivers were good. The third driver we got in St Louis was just flat out rude to the rider. She yelled into the microphone so no one could understand her. When people stepped off the bus and asked her to repeat the instructions she became rude. IF it had been one or two people not listening, I would understand, but no one knew what she had said, and there was so much confusion about gate and time we had to address the ticket clerk. Then on the ride a baby started crying. There had been no issue with the kid and the cry was that of pain (as in I have an owey). This driver hollered in the microphone that she's gonna kick the mom and kid off. We were on I-70 around 10pm in the rain. Later we were at a stop and a guy asked about stepping off for a smoke. NO hostel intentions but she says "If you don't sit down this is your last stop" Then at the next stop she dose have him kicked of and she was not even continuing as the driver. He was able to get on after talking to a supervisor. When she threatened to kick the mom off everyone on the bus objected and said no way, before then she was simply bad at Customer Service, after that she was rude to everyone
3	This ain't by far the best bus station: Its plain, kinda uncomfortable and not very clean. But I've seen worse, even from the same greyhound friends (e.g. Philly station, that one really sucks).If the Amtrak or the megabus had more schedules I would never think about taking one of these busses. But man they have schedules. Pitt to phila about every two hours. You can't beat that.That being said, don't expect a great service or big comfort. You won't find it here. WYSIWYG. No expectations = no disappointment.
3	3.5 stars. It was my first time taking a bus out of Pittsburgh and I was heading to NY overnight on an express bus. Bought my ticket online at $34 (I saved maybe $20 by buying online) and printed it at home. The interior of the station is well lit, appeared to be clean (though I did not use the bathrooms) and there were two flat screen tvs playing a tv show on TBS while we waited. Customer service was fine when I asked the gate number, and there was security on the premises. Instead of lining up by boarding number, it was a first come first serve line. The buses are relatively nice with outlets so you can charge your phone/tablet/laptop and so on. Wi-fi was in and out. Variety of riders though seems similar to riding a plane - you just don't know who you'll end up next too! The bus left at 10:30pm and arrived in NY on time at 5:50am at the first stop (made one pit stop).
1	Very , very , very poor service by employees at this station.  Daughter was stuck there for 13 hrs.   They should fire all employees and start over , never again.
1	Hell. Where customer service goes to die. They give ZERO sh*ts. The Worst, always and forever.
1	Greyhound sucks. Terrible. Went on a trip to atlantic city and back home. Not one leg of the trip did the bus leave on time. Just terrible.
1	I'm from Columbus but came through this station on a recent trip...rudest employees ever. If the company knew their employees behaved like this...well...they would probably do nothing, because Greyhound doesn't give a shit.Our bus left hours late, but before that, on arrival, a driver had taken our tickets which we still needed and given us no reboarding passes. I managed to get screamed at by 2 different employees when I asked for new tickets, and they basically called me stupid and a liar. Sorry that you have to work at 6am ladies, but screaming at people isn't a good way to keep customers. Never using greyhound again.
2	I generally avoid Greyhound because of the clientele (could my seat mate be a newly-released convict from the state pen, perchance?). However, one time, I needed to get from DC to PGH stat, and this was the only option, since the buses run every couple of hours. The Greyhound station in DC is connected to Union Station, and although it has a roof, it's outdoors. Our bus was over half an hour late, and I nearly froze while waiting for it. Finally, it pulled in, and was nice and warm, thank goodness. In terms of comfort and spacing, the seats were comparable to Megabus. Unlike Megabus, there was overhead luggage space, so I didn't have to try to squeeze my bag under the seat in front of me or ride the entire way with it at my feet, which I appreciated.Our bus made three stops in Bethesda, Baltimore, and at a travel plaza on the PA Turnpike (one further west than the Sideling Hill plaza that the Megabus stops at). I believe the trip took about 4 hrs. I have no complaints about the driver--unlike several Megabus drivers I've had, he didn't make any unreasonable demands or chew out any pax. However, a lady in front of me snapped at me for carrying on a conversation with my travel companion, even though I was trying to keep my voice down. While it was late at night (11pm), and I understand that some people would like to catch some shut-eye, I have a right to talk to my travel companion--esp. if I'm doing so quietly! For the rest of the trip, I remained awkwardly silent, so as not to incur the lady's wrath again. To her credit, she did apologize to me once we arrived in PGH, but the experience did nothing to dispel my notion of the type of people who travel via Greyhound.The station in PGH, while not the cleanest or shiniest station around, is at least indoors, such that passengers don't have to stand around outside while awaiting their bus. This is good news, given that the passengers of many buses, such as the one I took, are required to disembark there. The chairs are hard plastic, and there are several TVs that are always on, so don't expect to get any sleep here. Having never used the bathrooms here, I can't comment on their cleanliness, but based on the rest of the station, I wouldn't expect then to be super spic and span. In addition to Greyhound, this station serves commuter buses from several townships surrounding PGH, so you may find yourself here if you ever need to take a bus to one of them.
1	Is there such thing as zero stars here? Coz that's what I would've given this place.  THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED and I've been to more than 20 countries in my life, to include Afghanistan.  Really the worst.  The people who work here have the stankiest, crappiest attitudes towards people.  Very aggressive demeanor!  I just witnessed a guy kick out an old lady who was searching for transportation to attend a family funeral.  Since greyhound didn't had have the itinerary she needed, she sat there for a second to check her phone for possible other tickets.  He kicked her out ASAP.  The bus was an hour late departing.  Everyone who works here rolls their eyes if u somehow forget to take your ticket out of the envelope and will yell at you.  Employees here have some miserable lives that seem to manifest in their work ethics.  I thought these bad reviews were just people being cry sacks.  But I see now that this place does suck!!!
3	What can I say about greyhound... As far as the station goes it exceeded my expectations. Looks nice, clean, and has all the necessities of a bus station. Me and my girlfriend take the philly line to see one another. And let me say it is world's better than megabus. Same amenities but not crammed into a space like mega bus, with leather seats that are moderately comfortable.As a 6'4" man I hate buses! They take long times for the most part they are extremely uncomfortable for me and the service is shoddy. Greyhound is the best form of this specific form of transport, and though I have definitely been disappointed at times with the service it beats other bus services. And for what it's worth I have been able to sleep on greyhound... Which seems like a feat.For the Philadelphia route I prefer the straight shot to philly over the megabus' 7.5 hr journey to state college and then to harrisburg and finally to Philadelphia. I like it how greyhound also has a station instead of a pickup spot. It's alright.
