4	Mountain Gate/Trails is awesome!!  I really enjoyed living there and the only reason I'm not still there is because I bought a house.Regarding the name, apparently, there are two sides to the complex.  The Gate side & the Trails side.  Ask the complex the difference, I couldn't see one.So to the basics....they have a beautiful property that IS dog friendly.  Two fitness centers, two pool complexes that include cabanas and BBQs, TWO business centers with complimentary FAX & internet use.  There is a lovely little trail just behind the property great for walking the pups and meeting peeps & dog-poo bags all through the property.  Although there is not a gated or patch of grass designated for animals, so as long as you're cool with going for a walk on a pretty trail, then you'll enjoy this pet experience. The staff was always incredibly friendly!!!  The maintenance crew was great too!!  They have an online maintenance submission where if you have issues or need assistance with something in your apartment you can submit a request online and they get back to you promptly.  Paying rent is a breeze too, with their online payment system.Garages are optional and do come with an additional fee. They're VERY small, one car.  So if you're a crappy driver, I don't suggest gettting one, you'll probably bang your car up just trying to get in.All the apartments are fully equiptped with a stacked washer/dryer combo, GE appliances, walk-in closets and oversized garden tubs (not to be confused with jacuzzi tubs, there are no jets in these ones).I NEVER once, no joke, heard my neighbors.  EXCEPT when someone was walking down the hall, that's it.  So no apartment noise.  They also give you the option to choose from several paint colors, for an additional fee of course.  They're newer and very nice, HOWEVER, as I moved out, they were running a lot of new tenant specials and it appeared to be attracting interesting folks.  Which is not bad, but I did notice a lot more trash being left around.  Whatever, I'm oober picky.  But rent is negotiable, I weaseled my way into a much lower monthly rent.  So try it, don't be shy!Do take a gander on their website to see the different floor plans, pictures and other amenities. :)  Good luck!  It has my stamp of approval.
2	I'm only writing this review based off of one phone call.Anyway, moving from Philly to Vegas I came across this place on my search.  Absolutely gorgeous, had good reviews on multiple sites, and exactly what I was looking for.Then I called.  Spoke with Ian for about 5 seconds when he asked me if I could hold for a brief moment, I obliged.  21 minutes later I hung up and decided I would never live there.  If I'm a potential tenant and you put me on hold for that long, I wonder what it would be like living there.  Now another place I picked and signed a lease with for my $1100 a month, could of been you guys.  Blame Ian.I only decided to write this review, for today has been about a month since I called and submitted for more info online, and today they actually called for the first time.  LOL.
4	I have lived here for just over a year now and I must say I love it. They are owned and managed by Fairfield and they really know how to treat their residents. any time I have had any maintenance issues they are taken care of right away and with that I must mention Dennis he is an amazing maintenance manager who is right on top of things. The pools here are always clean, but the cabanas do need some repair as the curtains are missing on most and the pool furniture is in need of repair a lot of the chars are damaged. Now the grounds are much better since the property is so very large they had to hire more people to just keep up with the cleaning. for a short time there was issue with the cleanliness. it is also very quite here I have never once heard my neighbors. it is nice to come home from a hard day and not have to worry about hearing your downstairs neighbors having mental break downs at 4 am. Now I will agree with some of the posters here about the dog issues. A LOT of residents have dogs and in some of the areas close to the buildings the smell of dog pee can be bad. I have brought this to the management and they do power wash these areas but when you have residents who don't care where their dogs go there is not much you can do. Parking is ok late nights it can be hard to get a spot close to your building. parking is not assigned here so especially on weekends it is full. the apartment sizes are not bad I have a two bedroom two bath and I have plenty of space. Over all I am happy here and the only time I would consider moving is if either Fairfield was no longer the owners or if I by a house. so if your looing for a nice quite place to live this place is it.
4	The apartments are really nice and clean when you first move in. Parking is not assigned but there are plenty of spaces. The gym equipment is 24 hour fitness quality. There is a douche who lives near building 3 that rides a loud blue modified motorcycle. I'm pretty sure he wakes the entire building up when he rolls out at weird hours of the night. There are also a lot of dog owners on the property. I love dogs but why would you want a big dog in a small apartment? I can hear my upstairs neighbors dog. People need to get their priorities straight and buy a house first.
5	I must admit living here at Mountain Gate Mountain Trails has been an absolute DREAM!  Since relocating from the East Coast, I have felt welcomed from the 1st day I moved in.  ALL the Front Office Staff & Maintenance Team-members are friendly and courteous.  They're ready to answer any questions or resolve any issues you may have.  But what are the Amenities you might ask?  See below...- Resort like Swimming pools, Cabanas, BBQ stations- Business Centers- Club-House Rooms- Fitness CentersTHAT'S ALL INCLUDED.....except for the Rent of course.  That's separate and very Reasonable if you ask me.Making the move from the East Coast was challenging and difficult.  But living here makes it all worth while.What are you waiting for?
5	Took out the motorcycle part. The guy is still a douche tho.  I would resign my lease but I can own a house for almost the same price as rent.
