2	My wife and I just go batty when we try to find a really good beakfast place on the west side. I do not think it exists. Anyway knowing it was going to be a sliver above Denny's we went to carrows. We got exactly what we expected. A sliver above Denny's. Oh well the hunt continues for a good breakfast on the west side.
1	I visited this chain 30 years ago in South Phoenix when I was in town for a wedding. Needless to say I was thankful that I brought along Pepto Bismol. That was the last time I had a patty melt and the last time I went near any Carrows. About two months ago my wife wanted to try it having never been there. I mentioned my previous experience but agreed to give it a try.  We were seated almost immediately and our waitress brought water then returned within a few minutes to take our order and we waited. We waited. We waited. Finally after other patrons started leaving we asked another waitress if there was a problem. Apparently the only cook on duty was new and couldn't keep up with the demand. Finally after 70 minutes we asked our waitress if it would be much longer and she said she would check. She came back shortly and said our order hadn't been started. We got up and left. The manager asked us as we walked out how our food tasted and we told him he couldn't possibly be the manager otherwise he would have known the cook had issues. Avoid this location is my best advice.
5	I read the other reviews & was doubtful. The TV advertisement looked good & looking at the Menu on the internet, I liked how the different selections were with Calorie #.When seated by ROB, a booth in the rear, at our request. He brought our water & said he loved us, as I gave him our order FAST on the "2 for $ 20" Autumn Special, allowing him to keep serving others. Like Applebee's, we each selected our dinners, got a large salad (8" soup bowl size) & shared the FABULOUS DESSERT. The wife had the Turkey Dinner, I had the Ham Steak Dinner, with Sweet Baked Apple slices on it. The Dessert was Apple Cobbler, with Cranberries & nut meg in the crust. A large scoop of Ice Cream was on top. The size of the dinners were LARGE, a take home box was needed for the wife. Bob was a 1 MAN BAND, covering most of the tables that we could see. I told Rob, as I handed him a 25% tip, that we really enjoyed it & I planned to write this review. We plan to go again, thanks to GOOD FOOD & ROB.!!!
3	We are newcomers to Sun City and never tried Carrow's before.  Husband and I both tried the 2 for $20 Nov special.  Both of us chose the turkey dinner, side salad and shared apple cranberry cobbler a la mode.  We were impressed with the flavors and quantity. Enough leftovers for another meal!  The "manager" was aloof when we arrived and even tho it was a quiet afternoon, he walked by dirty tables without helping bus. The waitress eventually bussed all tables while he tried to chat with her. Not showing leadership. Otherwise would have been 4 stars.
1	Ok after a long thought I will give this place a one star. It's apparent that the manager/owner? Does not quite know the tricks of the trade. Reminds me of the tv show restaurant rescue because they need help! First off:The kitchen crew was complaining and taking the entire time. Conversations bled into the customer floor and that's a no no. Then THE COOK CANT KEEP HIS HANDS OF HIS FACE! Gross!! In his ear and on his hair. The manager jumps in to help puts on gloves but does not instruct the crew to do the same. Second:The help looks frustrated at the lack of incentives is ovbious. Very not motivated at all. Waited for ever, sat down without menus or drink requests.  She checked on us once? Maybe twice for coffee top up. Tables are dirty and condiments are empty :(. Third:Cleanliness is next to godliness and Jesus doesn't eat here lol.  The forks were dirty had to reject them. The kitchen is dirty just look at the backsplash and see how often they clean up. Bathrooms? Don't bring reading material you're not gonna be long if you know what I mean.  Lastly the food:Ok then here is the element intent. 1-10; ten being best this was a 3. When you over cook bacon then you have rookies in the kitchen. Sausage was undercooked!!! (Dangerous stuff lol). Eggs were not over easy more like swimming in grease. Potatoes not even mostly loose ends. Pancakes were not even. Looked like I made those at home (and I suck). Overall:  there are NO good bfast places in the west end unless you make the drive to Nicks Dinner on  Litchfield and Waddell ave.   I used to frequent a Carrows in Cali all the time hence why I came here. Sorry folks but nothing to see here. Grab a bagel or something.
3	Has a good menu and decent service but the place always seems half-empty.  Even when it used to be JB,s it was busier than this.  Food is well-prepared, but the waiter in the back section seems to spend more time schmoozing with customers than actually waiting on tables.  Warning: when it was JB's, the back room area was always freezing cold, due to some glitch in the air conditioning.  Now it is rarely used due to the lack of business, but wear something warm if you are seated back there.  This franchise is owned by the corp that owns Coco's, but does much less business than the Coco's a few doors down.
1	Poor. Went there for breakfast. Decided to give it a second try. I specifically asked for crispy bacon and over medium eggs. I told the server that last time my eggs were over easy instead of over medium and said to make sure they were over medium this time.   I also asked that the bacon be crispy, not under cooked. Well, my breakfast comes out.  The first thing I see is a lot of "something" on my plate under the little syrup container. Hmm, I wonder. Is that syrup or grease? You guessed it. There's about two tablespoons of bacon grease on my plate. Strike one. The next thing I see is that two of my bacon pieces are crispy, but the other two are floppy. Strike two. Then, the eggs. I flip them over, and sure enough, the yokes are runny, but even worse, so are the whites! I don't think they even qualify as over easy!  STRIKE three!The server asks how are the eggs? I tell her not good and show her. She brings a saucer and says to put the eggs on it to be redone. Ummm, kinda hard to do when they are liquid all over my plate!She come back to collect the plate. I tell her never mind, that I'll just have coffee. No offer to redo or comp the meal. No apology, just "okay." Won't be back.
4	This is our third time here and we could not ask for better service!   The food is VERY reasonable and delicious!   Coffee is good and bottomless OJ!!!!  We had Trent and he was fantastic! Melissa, the manager, came by numerous times to ensure everything was ok...was a very pleasurable breakfast!
2	We were really looking forward to eating here. Locals we met highly suggested it before our Wi-Fi was up to log into Yelp.Service was poor, food was OK, atmosphere was OK. Just OK. Not good enough to get us to return and recommend this restaurant. We had a substitute server who normally works at another of the owner's restaurants, one food item was under-cooked, server was absent after food was delivered; no drink refills, then had to get check from cashier. No one claimed to be the shift manager. Ugh.
