5	I am so grateful to Dr. Greenberg. I owe my health and even more then that, my sanity to him. I came to Dr. Greenberg when was having terrible headaches and nausea. After just two sessions with the doctor, I was already having less pain each time, and by my fifth session, I couldn't even remember the last time I'd had a headache or stomach pains! The best part though, was actually the side effect-I had terrible acne, which practically went away altogether. I actually get compliments on my skin, which is utterly amazing and surreal even now. I owe Dr. Greenberg so much. I recommend him to all my friends and that's why I gave him a full five stars.
5	I am so happy with the results I got from working with Dr. Greenberg!!!My 6 year old daughter had been suffering with eczema since she was 9 months. I want to tell you the frustration I had with see a dermatologist, for 4 years with no results.  She went from one steroid to another and it was actually bleaching her skin and making her looking like she had vitiligo. I was a mother on a mission to cure this.  My daughter was miserable during summer because she cannot enjoy the pool like her friends.  In school, she was distracted by constant itching, and scratching.  At night it was a 20 minutes rubbing and scratching routine.  It was a big ritual and one that I am glad we don't go through it anymore.   I started seeking out homeopathic doctor and he was in California.  The treatment he recommended did help somewhat, but it stopped.   She still has the rough patches and would still scratch and break the skin, so more coconut oil and oatmeal bath was still in the routine.I had also taken my daughter to an allergy clinic and was treated there by another homeopathic doctor.  It  still the same and she was still scratching and the same night time routine still has to go on.   I thought that this is as best as it was going to get until...I found Dr. Greenberg!!!I actually found him by accident as I was searching to find a meeting place for my client.  I read a testimonial from his previous clients and said to myself...well, maybe he can help!!  I'm so glad I decided to make the appointment to go see him.  Dr. Greenberg really took his time to listen and inquired everything that took place in my daughter's life.  His treatment is simple and it WORKS!!!!  I have to mention that at the time that I wanted to help cure my daughter's eczema, it happened to get rid of her 30-35 warts that were growing on her inner arms, wrists, fingers, behind the knee, toes ...wherever the eczema was looming, the warts were there.  And actually the warts disappeared, completely all gone before the eczema did!!  It was a stunning event for me!! I was OMG!! They're gone!! THEY'RE GONE!!  My daughter won't look like a toad anymore!!! Today, Zoe is completely done with eczema.  No scratching and rubbing routine at night.  No more scratching during classroom time.  She'll have a great summer.  Best of all, NO STEROIDS!!!!
5	Dr Greenberg helped me with an alternative to current day medicine.  I wanted a natural approach to help me get healthier as apposed to popping a pill for this or that.  I am grateful to him for helping me clear up some of my issues.  I had been suffering from digestive issues along with night sweats not associated with menopause.  I also suffered from some slight depression.  I don't suffer with those issues any more.  His attentiveness and actually spending time and  listening to what you are the most important to me.  Today's doctors are in a rush to get you in and out and on to the next one.  I have recommended him to several of my friends.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Greenberg to everyone that I know. I went to him three years ago as I was diagnosed with vulvadyna. My MD suggested surgery and I was terrified. I heard about Dr.G from a friend and though I had nothing to lose, so I have him a shot! By month three I was feeling better and the issues that vulvadyna was causing had subsided. I didn't have to have surgery and my MD was impressed!  Even if your skeptical, give homeopath a try, it is amazing!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Greenberg for my allergies for a couple of months.  My treatment has been rather simple and very efficient.  I have been feeling much better and medicine free. I am very happy with the results.  I do not live in Las Vegas so we Skype monthly.  My first 2 visits were in person. It's worth a try to treat allergies.  I've seen multiple MDs and specialists for my allergies and just kept being told to take allergy medication and also nasal/steroid sprays. Currently I am taking no medication and allergies and headaches are so much better. It's been a great experience, he is understanding and truly wants to help cure your ailments. Also, it's not only my allergies that have improved it's my overall health I sleep better,  and my skin looks very good!
5	I have worked with Dr. Greenberg for 9 months. He was recommended to me by a friend that he had helped with Fibromyalgia. I had similar symptoms. I had been to Dr after Dr. that continued to treat the symptoms rather than what the problem was. I was tired of being on medications, that in the end, just caused more side effects. Dr. Greenberg helped me work through a lot of issues, including coming off medications. I am finally feeling like my self again. He has been very understanding and also accessible to me when I needed him at odd hours. I am very grateful to him!
5	Dr Greenberg has literally changed my life. When I first started going to him, I had allergy to everything that grows, crawls and walks in Las Vegas - at least that's what the test showed. Right now, I have NO allergy at all. All allergies are completely gone. Also, he has helped me with other problems (too personal to mention here). Homeopathy is great. I do have medical insurance which I never use. I am still amazed at how little people know about the incredible effects of homeopathy. My health and emotional wellbeing have improved tremendously. If you are looking for long-term, healthy and highly effective ways to get in a great health shape, don't hesitate. It is so life-changing that I paid for 6 months visit for a friend of mine. It just works.
5	Dr Greenberg saved my life. Dramatic sounding right? Yeah. It was. When I got to Dr G I had tried to kill myself, I had been in and out of a mental institute twice in one month and was still taking a handful of the same anti depressants and sleep aids every morning and night that I had tried to kill myself with in the first place. Sound ridiculous? Yep, totally. Welcome to Western Medicine's cure for bi polar.I could get into all the side effects of the 6 medicines I was taking but I'll just pick my favorites like the unhealthy loss of weight, the hair loss and loss of my mind...I was a drooling, balding zombie mess. Plus who doesn't like texting nonsensical notes at 3am and not remembering what you said and to whom you sent the message?!? Oh yes, I did.  So then I meet Dr G and everything changes. I show up for the appointment with my best girlfriend, I knew I would need help getting my facts straight. Brain full of medicated mush as it was. He asked me about everything. Not just what was going on now but what had gone on before, what I liked to eat, how I slept, what my family was like and many many more details about me than I thought I even had. We were there a long time and he really asked questions to be clear about exactly what I meant by what I said. After listening to the rumblings of this mad woman somehow he understood what I needed. He gave me a small white ball, imagine those white dots on a Sno Cap, I thought, oh sure, this will help. Not! Well, it started working and pretty quickly. I went to Dr G every month for around a year then we spaced out the visits and now I go as needed. Sometimes I get a new remedy and sometimes I don't. We talk it out and see what I need.  After I saw the changes I was experiencing with  Dr G's help I brought my son to see him as well for his acne and anxiety. The change in my sons confidence is outstanding.  He is our go to doctor. I can't say enough about Dr G. I have never felt this good ever in my life. Thank you Dr Greenberg!!
5	I scheduled an appointment because I had tingling in my toes and fingers and some numbness. I didn't want to go to a traditional doctor that would probably put me on prescription drugs for the rest of my life. I was diagnosed with stress and depression due to a traumatic episode I was going through. Within a couple of weeks the tingling and numbness dissipated, my mood improved and my general well being was much better. I would highly recommend a visit to Dr. Greenberg before seeing a traditional doctor.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Greenberg for a couple of years now. He has helped me in many ways. Most remarkable results were with allergies and plantar factitious. Homeopathy has also really helped in my general well being and emotional healing. I am much more focused, and my business in rocking! I highly recommend Dr. Greenberg and his approach. Homeopathy is totally different than I thought it would be, and I love the approach it takes to work with the whole person.
