4	I can't believe this is my second Panera of the day....but then again I've seen crazier things happen. I came here after stopping by a Dunkin Donuts with no Wi Fi and figured why not Panera.....again. They have an awesome Pick Two Lunch Special with a side item for $6.49 and they list the calorie content clearly for you to see and make a smart decision. I always say I'm going to try a different kind of soup but their broccoli-cheddar keeps me coming back for more!The place was bumping, even before noon on a Friday! It was difficult to find a table but I found a small booth nestles in the back for some privacy and just enough room to get some work done and enjoy my grub. All kinds of people--young, old, professional, students, loud, quiet, stinky, nice smelling. Variety is the spice of life! Parking can be a beezy here---remember to bring your My Panera rewards card (I feel like I'm totally pimping out that program today!!)
3	Stopped at this busy location to grab a quick tea and coffee . Fast friendly service and the coffee and tea was good.
4	Despite the fact that 9 out of 10 times they get my order wrong, I'm still a fan of this Panera. The staff are kind, the tables are always clean, and the food quality is usually super fresh.During lunchtime, this place is packed and can be relatively difficult to find seating so beware!
3	I love Panera. Plain and simple. They always get my order wrong, but it's always so good once it's made correctly. Seating and parking are always an issue though. Service is never less than mediocre, generally more on the good side.
5	Just remember these words: Jalapeno cheddar bagel breakfast sandwich is the bomb.  Im still dreaming about it. Oh how I wish there was a panera in new orleans!   The iced coffee regular size with free refills was also very good. The cheese danish was as good as it gets but the sandwich really stood out and is the best breakfast sandwich ive ever had in my LIFE.  I will be stalking Panera locations from now on.
4	Great salads. Great soups. Great sandwich's. Bad service. Not gonna say the food is bad though. There is almost never anywhere to park or sit though. I really enjoy almost everything ive tried here and believe they could step up the customer service just a little.
4	So I'm wheat intolerant, and I'm sure you're thinking "why on earth are you trying to get something to eat at a bakery?" Unfortunately there are not many healthy lunch options in the Northlake area. Providing you order correctly, the half salad and soup selection is one of the healthiest around. Everything is always fresh and tasty. While I do greatly appreciate that Panera's has a list of items that are wheat free - although it's not on the website, you have to search online to find it - is it to much to ask for them to offer at least one gluten free soup a day? When nothing is available then it's over to Shane's Rib shack I go.
3	So, I heard a commercial on the radio for their new chicken stew with some type of cheese biscuit in it. Sounded great!! Especially with all this chilly weather. We just happened to be shopping across the street and decided to have lunch here. Quite a bit on the menu. I did order the chicken stew, it was pretty good although I thought it was a bit too thick for my liking. Also had some kind of steak panini, which was pretty delicious. Service was quick but the seating was so cramped together you could hardly move around. I was a little upset to see one of the employees come out and offer to clear a couple of nearby tables but when we were finished she just kept walking around us. Not that big of a deal seeing as you are responsible for your own trash, but a small detail that will keep me from going back to that location. The food in itself wasn't too bad, stuff i could probably make at home though.
4	Since Panera is a franchise, I'm sure we all have the 411 on the food, prices and typical atmosphere.  So instead, here are some inside tips to this particular location.  While most people refer to the Panera at the mall - it's not IN the mall.  It is a free standing building a few parking lots away from the mall.  You definitely won't be making a dash from Banana Republic to a "You Pick Two!"  Nevertheless, it's a quick car ride away and you do not have to get back on any main roads.Parking is of course free, but on weekends you may need to park a little further than you want.  There are other surrounding stores and restaurants nearby (i.e. Olive Garden) so sharing those parking spots is...caring?  No, it's annoying but it's rare that I have a problem.The staff at the Northlake location have never disappointed me.  I always get my honorary extra pickle without a dirty look.  In fact, I usually see smiles.  Lesson of the day: great location, friendly staff, clean restaurant but stay away from the peak weekend shopping times if you are needing a quick fix!
4	Headed up to the Northlake area on a Sunday morning, we wanted something delicious & quick for breakfast. We wanted a bagel & coffee, so we decided on Panera.I changed my mind as soon as we got there however, & wanted a hot breakfast sandwich. Bacon, egg, & cheese sandwich it is! I also decided on a Caramel Latte (think Caramel Macchiato from Starbucks).  My boyfriend got the steak, egg white, & cheese sandwich & a smoothie.I'm very please with the size of this location. It's a bit bigger than the ones I normally go to. As others mentioned, there's a good bit of parking options, but  when the other stores are open, you might have an issue. The restaurant itself is clean & the employees are friendly.It did take quite a bit of time (for some reason) to get our meal, but when we did, everything was hot & fresh.Other notes: Free wi-fi & calorie counter on the menu.
3	My husband and I stopped in here for a cup of coffee and dessert. The coffee was fresh and delicious. The carrot cake cupcake he ordered was neither! It seemed old. It was hard and very dry. He ended up throwing it away. This Panera was not as clean as the one near Concord Mills that we usually go to either.
1	Oh my.  I don't know what is going on at the "always reliable" Panera Bread. Or at least this location. Ugh. Worst PB experience ever..  Lackadasical service, if you can even use the word service.  Food was mediocre.  Brown avocado on my sandwich, bacon cooked maybe sometime this week?  The ice tea containers were either empty or merged to fill one up with the dregs from the others.  And the drink area was disgusting.  This PB is off my list, permanently.
2	Not a fan of this Panera's food.  It didn't taste fresh, it tasted stale and was at mild temperatures.  I ordered the Soba Noodle and Shrimp salad and nothing tasted right and shortly after eating, I became sick.The staff here are nice and friendly but I wouldn't eat their food.
5	I wanted something healthy and fresh to eat.  Panera Bread had many options for me to choose from.  It has been a very long time since I have visited Panera Bread and this location was the one I always visited.  I ordered the spinach power salad and the turkey chili and they both hit the spot.  The food tasted fresh and flavorful.  I never have bacon with my food (unless it is breakfast) but the bacon in the salad gave me a fresh look at salads that I prepare at home.  These are some of the healthier selections and I was glad to have them.  I will now renew my visits to Panera Bread since I know they have more locations throughout the area.  I could go with a lower price, but sometimes you just have to pay for what you want.  I also ran into a long-time friend in the restaurant; that was nice.  Oh, and the service was great!
5	I love Panera! Their food (everything, and I do mean everything) I taste is absolutely wonderful. I love their pumpkin muffies. The muffies are muffin tips with no body. Delicious! I love tyre fact that they have fountain green tea! Not a big fan of their lemonade though. If you have never gone to Panera you are truly missing out. GO NOW!
3	For a place that has a hipster & healthy vibe this place is about as unhealthy as fast food gets.  Food is still good but the sodium level in a half turkey sandwich and chicken noodle soup will blow out a day by itself.The order kiosks are nice but they are missing some odd options, I could add cucumber to a sandwich but not a salad?  I've also learned to leave off salt & pepper after I had half a shaker of each dumped on my food.  Other than that parking isn't that bad for the area, the people are nice and tables are clean.  If they made more food fresh instead of trucking it in and upped the quality to something more than heating up a can of progresso I'd go more but as it is you're paying a premium for literally the same thing you could make at home with little effort.
