1	This motel is close to the strip (right by Circus Circus) and is cheaply priced for a place in Vegas. Good-sized room, air-conditioned. If you're not expecting much, it's fine. However, I will never stay here again-- this hotel's staff finds no problem with walking into your room even if you have a Do Not Disturb sign on your door. The reason? To deliver a letter. A letter that could easily have been stuck into the doorjamb or slipped underneath was instead found laying on the bed when we re-entered the room. This letter was a mass-delivery discussing what would happen if you the guest were found with extra people in your room (EDC was that weekend, an event we were not attending). Management thought it was appropriate to enter our room without permission in order to place this letter inside instead of under the door. To me this is unacceptable. We complained and were told that they delivered the same letter in this fashion to all hotel guests. That is not a valid reason and in fact makes everything worse, because now I know that you don't respect the privacy of any guest not just myself. If you don't mind things like this, go ahead and stay here.
3	This is not going to win any awards. If you're on vacation in Vegas, you'll probably want something nicer unless you're a grumpy old person who doesn't care about shitty coffee, kinda dirty rooms, and hallways that still have last night's drunken puke/Pine Sol smell floating about them. Of course, this is Vegas.However, the front desk people are friendly enough, and the place is cheap. They also have passable Wi-fi... And what's more.... It's a very short walk to the Las Vegas Convention Center, WHICH MEANS:If you're in Vegas to WORK, that is to say you're a journalist or an exhibitor attending CES or one of the other trade shows at the LVCC, this place is the best kept secret. Why pay three times the price if you're just using the room to crash out and type on your laptop? So, if you're bringing your significant other, avoid this place. It's not sexy to hear a drunk old guy banging a ratty hooker in the next room. If, on the other hand, you want to avoid the overpriced hullabaloo and get some work done, I actually recommend this place.On a side note, the staff informed me that they've really worked hard to beef up their internet. 15 new access points and a new router from their ISP with upgraded service. They also trained every employee about customer expectations for internet access and how to reset APs. Not bad. I just did a speedtest too:http://www.speedtest.net/result/1694946204.png
2	There is only one reason to stay in this place, which is that it is a five minute walk from the LVCC. It's a massive concrete bunker in the Soviet brutalist style that is designed to sap your spirits, and you will be further depressed by the torn-up neighborhood in which everything is obviously slated for demolition as soon as the local economy improves.But come on in, it's actually not that bad. The rooms are simple but clean and have updated fixtures. The wireless works most of the time. (It will melt down around 8 am and 5 pm, the times people are checking their email before and after heading for CES or other show.) There's a waffle iron and coffee for breakfast. The net score, a-ok.But we then apply an automatic deduction for the policy of charging for an in-room safe, whether you use it or not. You can only have the charge removed from your bill by protesting it when you check out. I am not going to wait in line in the morning to do that, but I am going to remove a star.
4	I really don't understand all of the bad reviews. I mean, hey, this place is cheap. Of course it's not going to rank up there with The Bellagio or Paris. But what it is is really close to the convention center (3 blocks), 1 block from the strip, and (my favorite), just a couple hundred yards from the Peppermill - the BEST place for breakfast in Vegas. The staff here is very nice, our room was quite large and very clean, and the bed was quite comfortable. Wi-Fi was hit or miss - it didn't work about 60% of the time we tried. Some guy was working on it one morning when I went for coffee but he couldn't answer my questions about it since he didn't speak English. The 27" phillips tube TV sucked but there were plenty of stations and the signal was clean and, after all, this is Vegas - no one's here to sit in their room and watch TV.As I said, this place is inexpensive - $69.00/night DURING CES and within walking distance to the convention center. Parking is free. (Right next door is a lot where they charged $20.00 for CES parking and just up from that was a $40.00/day lot). Plus, walking distance to the convention center also means walking distance to the monorail so getting anywhere on the strip from here is easy - but I'd hesitate to walk alone from the monorail back to the room in the middle of the night. There are a lot of homeless in the area surrounding the convention center and you're not on the well-lit strip.
3	service was great .. i glad we chose an affordable hotel.. due to we barely stay there.. this is a great deal when hotel prices are high.. we just slept and shower here and that was it..the mardi gras curtains were ugly .. but everything was clean and neat so no complaints.. we had a do not disturb sign we stay 4 days no complaint of employee noise or anything..
2	When my coworkers asked me where I was staying for InfoComm this year, I jokingly said Roachway Inn. I didn't realize my joke would actually come true.  That's right, I found a half-dead roach in the bathroom.  Yuck!!!  I even took a picture of it but won't post it here.  I'm not sure how long it was there or how it got in because I was on the second floor.  I also found two dead ones in the hallway downstairs.  At least they were dead, or almost dead.  It may just be an isolated incident but I still have to warn people since it may happen again.  This is the first time I found a roach inside a motel/hotel so it really grossed me out.I would've recommended this place if it wasn't for the roach problem.  I have stayed here before and I thought it was a pretty good deal.  The price is pretty cheap, about $40/night on weekdays and $50/night on weekends.  It's also within walking distance to the Convention Center so you don't have to pay $20 for parking or deal with waiting for a shuttle if you have to go there.  It is located on the north end of the strip so you are bit of a way from lot of the major casinos/hotels but Encore and Wynn are within walking distance.  There's an indoor skydiving place right next to the motel and Walgreens is also pretty close by.  The rooms are good size and has 27 inch TV with cable channels including HBO and Showtime.  Also has iron, ironing board, and a hair dryer.  You should bring your own shower gel since they only provide you with a small soap and shampoo in the bathroom.  There's a small safe in the room but looks like they automatically charge you for it whether you use it or not.  I think it's about $1.50 but they remove the charge at check-out if you don't use it.  This means you actually have to go to the front desk to check out rather than just leaving at the appointed time.  Continental breakfast is served between 6:30 a.m.-9:30 a.m. but is pretty dinky.  It's mostly bagels with cream cheese, sliced bread, and few cereals.  If you want some substantial breakfast, walk over to Peppermill Restaurant on corner of Las Vegas Blvd & Convention Center Way. The service was actually pretty decent and the lady at the front desk was quite helpful, which is why I'm giving it two stars instead of one.
5	This place is great and cheap!!!!  Why spend hundreds at other places when you dont stay in the room much?Air conditioner worked great in every room i've been in.Beds are big and comfortableSome rooms have a fridge and they dont charge you for it.Pool is almost always empty from people so its easy to relaxFree wi-fi and no resorts fee!!!! big hotels add $15 to $45!I highly reccomend
4	I'm not a luxury kinda guy...  So if I'm looking for a place to sleep and organize my visit, I don't need all the crap that comes with elevators, room service, and all that jazz. I'll stay here again.  It's convenient to everything, with a liquor store, Walgreens, restaurants and even a Ross less than a block away. Beds are comfortable, staff is friendly, and the room is clean and we'll maintained.  I don't get the feeling I'm sleeping on someone else's mess...
4	As always, my numerical rating is as the philosophers say, relativized to a scheme. This is a MOTEL. It's a cheap place and I am now aware there are ways to stay at better places for not that much more. BUT as motels go, this one rocks. The people at the desk, the maintenance staff, the managers are all so so nice. The room was immaculate and there were no roaches, as others have suggested. Sometimes these motels have management/ownership turnovers so perhaps there used to be roaches but my room is big, clean and while lavender paint would not be my decor choice, it's a perfectly adequate place to stay on the cheap (59/room on a Saturday night). The linens are just fine and so is the mattress. I slept great! It's by the Encore and there is a Walgreens close by. Cabs in Vegas are offensively priced and driven by utterly miserable and unapologetic people, not just in my experience yesterday but in the view of a dozen employees at various establishments with whom I spoke at length. YOU NEED A CAR IN VEGAS unless you plan to stay on the strip. Car rental is dirt cheap and I will never come back to Vegas without one. But the airport transport is great: 13.50 RT for a shuttle to the Strip hotels/motels. The "breakfast" is not really a breakfast, as others have noted. And the coffee faintly resembles bilge water, but that's true at Burger Heaven on Manhattan's Upper East Side and a lot of fine dining restaurants both in LA and NYC. I could not be more pleased with this motel. Note: the pool is not heated, which is unfortunate because it's an old pool with a true deep end (8 feet). Liability issues have driven hotels and motels at all price points to build shallower and shallower pools. But since hotel pools are too short to do laps, treading water vigorously is your only option on the road if you don't pay a guest fee at a club or gym nearby.
2	I guess you get what you pay for? It was $50 for a Friday night. Free parking which was nice. $10 extra to have our pooch which was also reasonable. Shower temperature was cold and never got hot. Sketchy area w/ randoms walking around.
3	Pretty alright for a basic budget hotel. Only thing I was mildly bummed about was lack of fridge/micro, as the Clarion across the street has them at roughly the same pricing. Everything else about the room was good though, fairly big for the price, big comfy bed, good TV selection with lotsa channels, great air conditioner. The wifi was busted while I was there though, but apparently they do normally have it with a lot of repeaters.Re: some points in other reviews. I wasn't charged 1.50 automatically for the safe, they asked at check-in if I wanted to do it. Also, they don't normally have a policy against early check-in, maybe  just during major events. I checked in at 12:30 with no problem whatsoever.Quiet enough except for dumbshits letting their doors slam. There's a huge mostly unused parking lot on one side and a mostly empty strip mall on the other, and a lot of homeless people seem to sleep down Convention Center Drive since it's half abandoned, so I was afraid it would be Zombietown after dark, but nothing really happened. Continental breakfast maybe not even worth visiting except to grab a cup of coffee or apple juice ... literally only bagels and cereal. Which I did not partake of as two prossitoots had their gonorreah asses up on the food counter PLAYIN ON DEY FONES when I came in. Fortunately you can walk across the abandoned parking lot to the Peppermill which is supposed to have badass breakfast, though I didn't try it as the line was literally out the door on a weekend morning. I'd rather the Clarion but this is OK at a discount price or for using free Choice nights, since they take points at the lowest rate.
5	When I come to Vegas I like to do as much as possible so I just need a place to put my stuff at, shower, and sleep. This place is definitely a diamond in the rough. The outside looks terrible. They need to spend some money on some paint and maybe fixing the road towards the parking and back of the other building. Check in was easy. People were friendly and very informative. Paid 105 for a weekend and 20 dollars extra for having my 3 dogs there for the weekend! Great deal I'd say! We were put up on the second floor at the back end of the second building and we absolutely loved it! I have 3 dogs that love to be off leash and love to run up to ppl and all the "tenants" were super friendly and dog loving people. They had a whole parking lot to play in since no one besides us and one more occupant was parking back there. We didnt have to worry about cars coming. Lol. Ask for pillows at your check in if your a pillow freak like me. I need 3 pillows to sleep and the ones they give u are tiny n its one per person. Free wifi, free continental breakfast, check in is at 3 check out is at 12 unlike most casinos lol. Rooms are beautiful. Bigger than circus circus casino tower. Bathroom is pretty standard size but very nicely lit. Water head pressure is to die for. Dominos delivers to your door if you need a lil snack. I absolutely had a great experience. My gay bestie, my husband,  along wit my 3 medium sized dogs, and myself fit more than comfortably in this nice motel/hotel. We will definitely be coming back to visit this location. Thank you Rodeway Inn for a wonderful experience!
