4	possibly my favourite health food store in Montreal. good prices, considering that health food/organic products are often pricier than their regular counterparts, excellent selection (i can't believe they manage to fit it all into their small locale!) and knowledgeable, friendly staff.
4	I frequent these types of places for a couple reasons:1. My wife has celiacs and requires a gluten free diet2. The natural and organic food selection is intriguing In Montreal, I particularly prefer Nature Sante.  Nature Sante is conveniently located on Queen Mary, directly across from the Snowdon Metro stop.  Specifically for gluten free items, they have probably the largest selection around...GF alternative flours for your own bread making, bread crumbs, cereal, bread, pasta, pizza crust, crackers, cookies, etc.  Additionally, they have a large bulk food section for rice, quinoa and oatmeal among many others, as well as a wide variety of natural cooking oils like sesame or grape seed that are difficult to find in the common Montreal grocery store.  They even have a large display of vitamins, which includes my personal favorite brand, Solgar.The staff is always willing to help and ready to answer any question you may have, and even their prices aren't bad.  I personally would much rather support this local business by paying the same price for GF bread as I would across the street at the Metro grocery store.
3	They have  naturopath that works there-great advice-and free!Just everyone can hear your problem so be aware of that when consulting. They don't stalk all the products I want to see. The owner is close minded.Isn't very giving.
1	Every time I ask a question they have no idea what I am talking about. Not very knowledgable. Last time I tried to enter the store the alarm went off (i must of had something still magnetically  tagged on me) and the shop keeper blocked me from entering. She would not let me in. I understand why she might of wanted to accompany me in the store to make sure I was not stealing since the alarm would go off again when I leave but that is not what she did. She was very rude and they lost my business.
