4	My husband and I live a couple of blocks away from this charming piece of history. The menu is very limited (hamburgers and hot dogs) but everything that can be gotten from a local grower or manufacturer is. They have a great variety of Southwestern toppings that they will chop and grill freshly for every burger and dog. The fries are freshly cut and delicious. The guys that run the diner are friendly and the prices are reasonable. The hours are from 11 am to 3 pm Monday through Saturday and it is a cash only operation (my only complaints!). The counter inside is tiny and seats less than 10. There are some tables outside, and a take-out window. When we were there, Matt, the owner of Matt's Big Breakfast, was also getting lunch, and it was great to hear how a number of the owners of the downtown small restaurants and shops are long time friends and all support each other. Quaint places with young, hip owners, offering high quality food and goods make us feel positively about living in an often maligned part of town. We'll be back often to support the Welcome Diner.
4	Make sure not to zone out while you're driving to the Welcome Diner or you'll zip right past it (as my friend and I did).  It's right on the corner of 10th Street & Roosevelt in a cute little red and white dining car.  There are a few parking spaces behind the diner on 10th Street.  I would check the hours, as I think I was told differently than the hours posted in the other review.My friend and I went to the diner on a Saturday afternoon and were able to get seats inside at the tiny counter.  I'm sure as it gets warmer, those will be harder to come by and that when the weather is nice, most people sit outside.  It is indeed a tiny space on the inside and half the seats have a direct view into the kitchen area, which is kind of homey.  I'm pretty small, so the size inside wasn't an issue for me, but claustrophobes and bigger people might feel squished.I ordered a hamburger and fries and my friend got an egg sandwich.  The burger was pretty good, but relatively small in comparison to what's generally served at restaurants.  If you're really hungry or a big eater, you'll probably want to go for the double burger.  The fries were good - nice and crisp.  My friend was pretty happy with her egg sandwich but unhappy with her cup of water, which was apparently pretty bad even for tap water.  They have a bunch of organic sodas, along with Coke and Diet Coke, if you're like me and can't wash down a burger and fries with anything but a carbonated beverage.Overall, I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's, Mary Coyle's).
5	If you're looking for the unique, quirky, off the beaten path side of Phoenix, come to the Welcome Diner.  With 9 stools around a bar near a hot kitchen, it is a small place with a lot to see.  The cooks are very friendly and talkative, and will give you their opinion on their dishes if prompted.Try the classic cheeseburger, fries, and soda - it's definitely a favorite.The Welcome Diner is definitely small, but worth the wait (if there even is one.)  It is truly a treasure to the historic Garfield district.
5	Super cozy diner.  It's small and doesn't have much of a street presence so it's fairly easy to miss if you aren't paying attention.  The diner is a classic boxcar that stays true to it's roots.  The outdoor seating area looks quite enjoyable for a late night snack, though I'm not sure if they are open that late.  Gotta love the outdoor ordering window.  You're best best inside is if you can catch a seat at the corner of the counter.  You not only get a great view of the chef doing the cooking but have a nice fat fan behind you to cool you off.  We arrived shortly after it opened and chatted with the cook to get his suggestions on what to order.  Very friendly and funny.  The counter's got various coffee table books full of quotes and handy worst case scenario answers.  I had the Garfield which was a fried egg sandwich specialty.  I can't really recall all the ingredients but the salsa in the sandwich was amazing.  My girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese and it was knock out.  Prepared with olive oil, it was by far one of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had.  The french fries were done just right and the seasoning on them really hit the spot.  The total for both of us including a couple of ice teas was under twenty dollars.  A great deal anywhere.Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem.
4	GRREAT place!The burgers and fries are great (although as previously stated the burgers are a little small but the quality makes up for it) ... (I've posted a picture)**** note they don't take credit/debit cards ****The neighborhood isn't the greatest but no biggie.I have to say best part was the service!  After ordering and telling them I'd eat outside they asked if I had a dog, I said yes, and he said "I'll get you a bowl of water before anything else."  SOOOOOO cool!They CLEARLY take GREAT care an food prep ... they wear latex gloves and unlike other like places .... when dealing with the money part they take off the gloves!Highly recommended!!!
4	Quaint little diner - a great example of kitschy 50s Americana. It's the sort of thing 5 & Diner tries to be, only more authentic. The menu is very simple and it's nothing you couldn't get elsewhere, but the food is very good. You didn't really come here for the food though, did you... no, you came here for the atmosphere...I went during the summer and it was pretty hot inside the little box. There were some fans working overtime to help compensate, but with the cramped quarters, the dining area is pretty close to the stove. You can tell that for the people that own and operate this joint, it's definitely a labor of love. It's such a warm and inviting place to go. I can see eating here once in awhile for the experience, but it's not the kind of place I could see myself eating regularly... maybe it's because I don't live in the neighborhood. People in walking distance would definitely become addicted to the place. I really enjoyed the food here. There were funny little books available for us to read and there was a notebook where customers could draw in. The whole thing was something I'll always remember... fondly. You owe it to yourself to at least check this place out once.
5	Update:  After reading the talk thread on yelp about the welcome diner I am so happy that they are not closing!  Turns out they decided not to and now are going to open a second one in the not too distant future.I am so sad that I came here on the last day that this little diner will be open.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a regular patron.  It was a nice Saturday afternoon so we ate outside and I think the little diner (with 8 seats) was full.  I had a single patty cheeseburger and the favorite and a coke.  The favorite is fresh cut fries with peppers, onions and a few other things that made this a delicious side dish.  It was all soooo good... I am glad I had the opportunity to try it.
5	This place couldn't be any cooler if it was renamed "Jules Winfield's Welcome Diner"People.  Just take a gander at the picture offered here on this page and tell me what would stop you from going there to eat an unbelievably delicious basket of fries and burger, each such perfectly seasoned to compliment one another, its as if this stuff was made from the craftsmanship of a gastronomic grill master.  The burger easily beats out even cult-status places like Delux or In n Out, and their handcut fries are subtly crunchy and salty.  Their salsa burger topping absolutely rocks the block.  And I don't know if their ketchup is made by the Magical Man from Happy Land who lives in a gumdrop house on Lollipop Lane, but something about it slaps a toothy grin on my head.The picnic tables outside make you feel like you are doing something productive while you gorge yourself.  Like its okay to ingest a thousand calories as long as you are given the impression that you are on a hike or something.  But whatever.  Its all class.My only beef (Heh.  Pardon the pun.)  is that Welcome Diner is closed on Sundays and that they force me to battle the tweakers at the 7th and Roosevelt Circle K as I spring for a pack of P-funks and a $20 bill due to their 'no cards' policy.  It would also be in my best interest if they started serving micro-brews from Oregon or Happy Land.  That would be right good.
4	So a couple of months ago my co-worker and I were on a dangerous mission to find the one great burger in town. After months of search and going into some of the seediest joints in town, we arrived at Welcome Diner, I was a bit skeptical that this place could produce a burger  that my co-worker and I were so desperately seeking, but oh how rad being wrong is, they knocked the shit out of my taste buds with there burger, I got a double with cheese with a fried egg on top (old school son), I literally finished the burger before my co-worker got his (which was like 5 seconds later) , a true delight. If you go bring cash money thats all they take, also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool.
5	Wonderful little burger joint!!  Very simple menu: hamburgers, hot dogs, and (Garfield) fried egg sandwich.  Everything is fresh and the burgers are like a thing from the past (fabulous)!!!!  Very little in and outside seating- most importantly its cash only!  Worth the drive! and an experience you shouldn't miss!
5	Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!
4	The Welcome Diner is, in a word, welcoming! The folks who work there are super friendly and great to talk to. It's a small and intimate little place so expect to have some cool conversations with other patrons. Be prepared with cash and a sweatband (or five!). In the summer heat, it's a bit hot in there, but everyone looks a little sexier with a bead or two of sweat on their forehead, no? I got a grilled cheese (made with lettuce, tomato & bread n butter pickles) and fresh cut fries that are to die for. Way better than In N' Out's just so you know. And the chocolate chip cookie. Oh how its nutmeg danced on my taste buds! I liked it. A lot a lot.They get everything they can from local & organic growers, have phenomenally yummilicious bread and even Mexican Coca-Cola. Hooray for real sugar cane! Too bad I realized this after I ordered a diet coke. I'll splurge on some calories if it means I get to drink from a glass bottle any day.I'm so glad my friend showed me this place. It is a definite gem and I will definitely be back. When it cools down, I may even bring the pooch along and sit outside near the kiddie pool. Fun! If you haven't yet, grab a friend and try this joint out pronto.
4	I brought my dad here a couple of weeks ago, just on a whim. I'd been once before when the previous owners still had the place, and I had been itching to go back. We went for an early lunch so we were able to sit inside. The staff is friendly, and I think my dad enjoyed the fact that every time the waitress turned around, her rear end was right in his face. Dirty old men in close quarters. What can you do? The food was great- I had the grilled cheese (minus pickles), he had a burger and we both had fries. I loved the grilled cheese- it was perfectly charred- and he had no complaints about the burger, which is a rare thing. The fries were perfection and I may have even dreamed about them that night. I can't imagine eating here would be too fun in the middle of the summer, as most of the seating is outside, but it's a great little lunch spot, and they're also open late on First Fridays. Good to know, since getting food anywhere else downtown on a First Friday is next to impossible. I'll definitely be back.
3	Sort of a novelty, very unique, very small...this place does burgers and a quick lunch very well.  Not suggesting bring all your friends becaue the space is limited but for a quick bite to eat, this place is suitable.
5	Dear fucking lord I am not going to eat again until next Thursday.A friend took me here for lunch today, in exchange for a little 'puter help. The cook is a friend of hers, he just said, don't worry I'll make something you like.Next thing I knew I had a Scheiners freshly made hot dog, grilled, split open, on a bun... with a fried egg an some of their pepper concoction on top. One of the best things I have ever ever eaten. As others mentioned, the fries are sliced to order and fried to a super crisp.The eggs are organic. The menu is tiny, it's diner food, but the food quality is very, very high. Has a few bites of a freshly made pear pie.... oh my.I will be back, but not that often, otherwise I'll be a lardass. (again)
1	Dirty.So dirty.Hair in the french fries dirty.Cook sitting on the counter dirty.  Undercoooked hamburger meat, and the server's fingers in my food dirty.Flies on the lip of the water pitcher dirty.Somehow these guys think that if you wear gloves you are spared from all contamination.  As if scratching your ass with your gloves on will keep the ass germs from getting in your food.  I've been there before, and have tried to look past all these things, when eating such delicious food, but really, it's not worth it anymore.
5	I totally heart the Welcome Diner because:There are 7 seats. Maybe 8. (inside)The cook (Andy?) is super friendly and apologizes if it takes more than mere moments to get your food.The Garfield fried egg sandwich will knock your little socks off.If the Garfield knocks your socks off, then the french fries with onions and peppers will knock everything off you, leaving you happily, nakedly enjoying you food.And because there are only really like 5 menu items. Eggs somehow, hamburgers somehow, hot dogs somehow, french toast in a cup (what? yes) , and some other thing maybe. Normally I hate cash only, but this gets a pass. It seems right to pay cash.
3	I have been here 3 times. 2 times to eat and once I forgot cash. The first time was not great the fryer was down and the fry's sucked. The 2nd time was a little better. Except the food inspector was there. Normally this is a non-issue but in a diner car that serves 9 you hear and see everything. We ordered 2 doubles and 1 fry and a bottle of coke. One burger was made incorrectly as they added grilled onions to both. I was feeling generous and did not ask for a new one. (I should have though, I do not care for onions on the burger) The fry's were good, in fact I could have eaten another order. The cook Andy and the waitress were so frazzled by the inspector they kept forgetting things like opening the bottle of coke, ketchup, other peoples meals, the "regular" got a double when he ordered 2 singles and made sure Andy knew it was 2 singles...The other "regular" looked as if she rolled out of bed, smoked a J, slapped her over sized headphones and Ipod in her PJ pocket and rode her bike here. She totally dumped her bike in the front, like she owned the place. Andy asked several times for her to move it but pot head didn't get it. Andy asked the other regular to do something for him discreetly since the city guy was there, not sure what but he was outside for a while.  I like Welcome but with 2 issues in 2 visits I dunno If I will be back.
5	this is probably the coolest diner in downtown phoenix. all organic ingredients, a kickass interior (it's super small, but totally rad), and great people working. say hi to the bearded jewish cook, andy, and he will make your food just the way you want it, and also, with love.the food is totally cheap and tastes exquisite. you can also eat outside, if you want. it's located on a nondescript corner in a residential area, so it's easy to miss, but this place is definitely worth checking out if you're downtown.also, the hours up there ^^ say it's open until 5, but i am pretty sure they close at 3.
5	If know about the Welcome Diner, chances are you've heard about it by word of mouth or just stumbled across it by chance. Regardless, this place is one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. Everything in the place feel like you stepped into David Lynch's mind while having happy thoughts. The place is super small (8 seats) but that just adds to the authenticity of eating in what might one day be a museum piece of 1950's culture.The food is incredibly good and surprisingly cheap. If it's the right day, be sure to see if they're making veggie burgers and ask for a float too. The staff is also really chill and make sure that you're satisfied. They offer everything: good food, good atmosphere, and a good experience.I just wish they had later hours....
4	Retro setting, organic food, and friendly service.FOODWell, it's a diner so you have burgers, fries, grilled cheese, etc to choose from. The burgers have always been cooked as I like them (whatever your preference is...) The fries are organic potatoes, cut daily- sometimes a little on the brown side in appearance but they always taste good. Grilled cheese is great- not too greasy like some places. There are sodas and iced tea to drink- both organic.ENVIRONMENT8  seats inside and outdoor seating availible. I would recommend eating outside if it is nice- sometimes inside is crowded and everyone can hear everyone else's business. OTHERBring cash, no cards accepted. If your service is good- tip them. They are really nice!
4	I can't stand 50's retro but this place is the cuteness. Well...I haven't technically been inside. Now, I knew this was a hipster hangout, but I wasn't expecting the cute girl in the apron or the boy with tattoos to actually be working on the other side of that window. They didn't seem to mind that I was slightly drenched in sweat having walked there under the sun of a blazing March afternoon. They were quite nice and gave my sister and I a bowl of water for our doggies. Tattoo boy said he would even make us more fries if we wanted. The fries ($2) were not the best  and neither was my grilled cheese ($4) with tomato (yum!) and pickles (?). However, the food had a nice home-made quality to it and was all ready in about a minute. Peeps are right about the high-quality ingredients and the food is inexpensive. Holler.P.S. Don't forget the Ca$hM0nayyyor to borrow from a sibling!
4	Okay...I have been going here for a while and I love the place and the food!  I am surprise it hasn't had as many reviews as it should.  The truth is I come back to support local businesses in my neighborhood...I would come here anyday than go to a Fast Food burger joint..The trailor that the restaurant is in is the cutest thing you will ever see...straight out of a 50's picture!  Its small but fitting...The food is very fresh..I love their cheeseburgers and hotdogs..I sometimes even get some of their mango salsa/chutney on the side..they get it from this lady that homemakes it..Not the cleanliness place but I guess thats what makes it tastes so great!!:)  Its the extra grease...I know that just sounds horrible, but true!Anyways, support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!
3	We ate lunch there on a weekday in early 10/04.  The Welcome is a restored 1930s diner and seating consists of just nine (counter) seats.  It's definitely cramped, but that means you'll get to converse with your neighbors.  The menu is quite limited, although the food was good.  However, they don't give you plates and the food was *very* greasy (our sandwiches came on a piece of waxed paper and the grease quickly soaked through the paper onto the counter).  The other thing I didn't like, was that you had to *buy* (bottled) water if that was your drink of choice.  They had a cook, a helper and a waitress working in a VERY tiny space....the waitress was o.k., but the cook and helper were pretty friendly.  It seemed that everyone but us was a "regular", which was kind of fun; we had an amusing conversation with the three guys (co-workers) who sat nearest us.
4	Maaaan, this place is tiny. Once you get past the fact that there's nine seats, and the griddle takes up about 30% of the building, you realize that this is one of those special little haunts that makes cities cool. It's totally off the beaten path, but just three blocks from First Friday mayhem. You could drive right by and never even notice it (I had about 15 times). Inside it's surprisingly sparce, considering it's about 75 square feet. There's no AC, just a few well-placed fans on full blast. I went in the middle of the afternoon in July and felt pretty comfortable, especially considering the kitchen IS the place. And the food... you want greasy, delicious, messy, rich, heavenly sinful pig-out fare? What's that? You want it at dirt cheap prices and with friendly service? It's perfect. The cheeseburger is oozing cheddar, the fries are sliced about four seconds before they go into the fryer and they have french toast in a cup. Need I say more?
5	If this were a one-time-only event, I wouldn't review it. There have been two such events this summer, and there's a rumor of a third. So, keep an eye on the New Times' Chow Bella blog. If there's another one, GO!On 8/8, Nobuo Fukuda (formerly of See Saw), his charming wife Sarah, and a few others (with a high tolerance for heat) commandeered the Welcome Diner and put on quite a show. The a la carte menu included:- Shishito peppers with olive oil and soy sauce- Watermelon and goat cheese with sun-gold tomato, olive oil, and fresh mint- Panko fried soft shell crab sandwich with green papaya slaw- Pork belly with steamed buns- Marinated short rib with steamed buns- Okonomiyaki (a Japanese pancake, in this instance with pork, octopus, squid & topped with pickled ginger, aonori, shaved bonito, dried shrimp, Japanese mayo, and tonkatsu sauce)- Kakigori (Japanese shaved ice: melon, green tea, coffee, or strawberry)The evening was a lot of fun, and the menu for any further events is TBD. Highlights included the soft shell crab sandwich (ridiculous) and pork belly steamed buns (amazing). The okonomiyaki was delicious, but beware: it can put a dent in one's appetite and curtail pork belly consumption. Tips: If you get a seat inside, it's going to be about as hot as it is outside. So, wear shorts and sit outside. Also, it's BYOB. There seems to be an issue with alcohol on the patio, so walk into the building to sip (or be really low-profile).
5	The next Nobuo Fukuda event will be at Restaurant Noca on 8/27. Warning -- link to PDF.http://www.restaurantnoca.com/Menu/Specials/NOCA_Nobuo_August_Menu.pdf
5	*nom nom nom!*  Mm, this place is the perfect eatery for a lazy Sunday, or if you are skipping school or work as it's quite naughty.  One of those mimosas and bloody marys in the morning kind of days.  The Garfield is extremely satisfying and the french toast in a cup is genius, if a bit sticky.  But since we are being naughty eating here a little stickiness is probably appropriate!  It is tiny tiny, but I find it amusing rather than annoying.
4	Remember to suck in your gut when entering and exiting this place. It doesn't bode the largest establishment around, and if you show up at the wrong time you might be sitting outside in the sun in anticipation. I have been to this place several times and have not been disappointed once. I would suggest something for you to try, but I can't decide on any specific thing that is better than the other. The cup of sweet toast is a must try. My face literally melted off in delight. The burgers and fresh-cut fries are in my personal epic category. The egg sandwich is ridiculous. Really the only knock to this place is it's size. If I didn't need a crowbar to get myself out of the building each time I go, then it might be better. Seriously people, go here. Eat here. Revel in your trip to the land of gluttony. I love this little cramped trailer and it's treasure trove of goodness.
5	The enthusiastic Chef Payton Curry has taken over the Welcome Diner for now, offering his unique culinary creations to the public on a limited time basis. The self proclaimed "guerrilla gourmet" has an emphasis on using local, fresh ingredients, which he obtains at local farmers markets and direct from local farmers. He cooks up all types of cuisine, but he also caters to the vegetarian/vegan eating crowd.My wife and I visited this past Tuesday and were treated to a scrumptious 6 course vegan meal tasting that we thoroughly enjoyed. If you're looking for some local, delicious, gourmet food whipped up by a chef who truly enjoys his craft (and makes it show in his food), a visit to Chef Payton Curry is a MUST!Full review with photos at: http://wesnovack.com/gourmet-vegan-dining-with-paytoncurrys-local-vegetable-dishes/HOURS (from paytoncurry.com )We will open on every first Friday of each month and every SUNday, MONday, and TUESday 5pm-CLYou will also be able to book the inside 8 seats on Wednesday-Saturday and have Payton mess with your palette while he doesn't hold his tongue. Contact for more info..
5	For those that haven't heard, Payton Curry has taken over Welcome Diner April through May on Sun, Mon, Tues, and First Fridays. Get there... now. Payton is known for pushing limits and incorporating fresh, local ingredients. The menu will likely change every week, if not every night, so I'm not sure if my recap will help all that much, but here goes.The neighborhood is sketchy, the place is tiny, and the accommodations are "rustic", so if you're all into the Scottsdale scene or flashing your dough, don't bother. That being said, Shantal mentioned that being there made her feel like she was camping every night, and I have to admit the evening had a vacation feel to it... National Lampoon's style!You can instantly tell that Payton is having a blast and it shows on his face and in the food. We were seated on a collection of old dining chairs at a makeshift table of 2x8s and construction horses in the middle of the front yard, with a candle to light our way... I knew it was going to be a sweet evening!We started with the burrata that was lightly seasoned with truffle oil and cracked pepper. Unfortunately a lot of people are adding burrata to their menus and they have no idea that this fresh, creamy, delicate version is how it's truly meant to be. It was served with slices of toast that I expected to be the brick-hard version to which I've become accustomed. Imagine my surprise as I bit into a spongy, buttery slice of bread with just a crunch of the crust! Delicious.The porcini foie gras terrine will scare those faint of heart, but it's amazing and the pear butter adds this velvety, sweet flavor that just makes it unforgettable. I wasn't a fan of the pate', but it was a combination of pickle, horseradish, and mustard flavors with chunks in the loaf... all things I can personally only handle in moderation individually and generally dislike, so it was exactly as described. The mains arrived and the Sonoma lamb sugo proved to be an interesting choice. It's not something you would eat on a regular basis, but I'm so glad I got to try it. The shreds of lamb meat were piled on top of a bowl of hearty fettuccine with perfectly cooked chickpeas and dollops of cream that muted any gaminess of the meat. Then you would get a bite of golden raisin to kick in a touch of sweetness; pretty cool combination of flavors and textures without being over the top.Perhaps the biggest surprise of the night was the bowl of Bolognese that was planted in front of us, it blew me away and I have no idea why!! Payton, what's your secret with something so simple? Dessert followed with apple pie that could've been much tastier if it were warmed with a scoop of ice cream, but all was rescued with a huge chunk of bread pudding that puts my mother's recipe to shame (and it was served warmed with a scoop of ice cream :). All in all, we had a wonderful night with fabulous food and fun friends and we didn't want the night to end. If you want a hint of adventure, get to Welcome Diner before the end of May... seriously... National Lampoon's style.ps: It's BYOB!
5	The old Welcome Diner is closed, but it is now (temporarily) inhabited by Chef Payton Curry. Check out the reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix
5	THE VEGETARIAN ANGLEWhen you can date a review to the exact day (and with good reason), you know that you're in a special place.We ate at Payton Curry's pop-up restaurant at the Welcome Diner last night, April 19, 2011, and the following is what we ate, but you may have a different menu on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday evenings from 5pm-close through July 4.  Chef, I hear, tries to keep it real and keep it local and fresh when sourcing his menu, so it changes each week.  McClendon's Select was mentioned more than once.(PRICE NOTE:  On Tuesdays from 10pm-close, the menu is 1/2 price to be sure Curry exhausts his fresh produce and meats.)Welcome Diner was serving about 12 people when we arrived, 6 at the inside counter and three couples outside dotting the front yard, set up with a picnic table, a sawhorse, some two tops, and glass tabletop lanterns.The food came out quickly, and our gracious and knowledgeable server asked if we'd like our dishes as they were prepared or in courses. We opted for the former.  My darling dining partner and I shared all four dishes.THOSE DAMN GREEN BEANSWe started with green beans, as crisp as they were picked, with just one tip snapped off, just like my grandmother taught me.  These were served with a citrus creme fraiche and some recently picked tarragon.  I always love dairy with tarragon, and this dish, served cool (not cold) if I remember, was dusted with local bee pollen, granular bits that taste of honey and something else and melt on your tongue.MOZZARELLAThe menu insists there's basil in this tangential rendition of caprese -- and there probably is -- but the takeaway message from this panko-encrusted slab of mozzarella with the sweetest tomatoes I've eaten is a sweet-n-sour burst with every olive oily bite.  A standout appetizer.GNOCCHIIf you're like me, when you've eaten or prepared gnocchi before, you assume they get plopped into the boiling salted water before the plump up and rise to the surface.  Not so fast, Barilla Boy.  Payton Curry's gnocchi, I believe, are (dry?) pan-seared on both sides,   keeping all the doughy, gummy deliciousness often lost in the water.  The madeira wine and cream reduction here smothers the pillowy gnocchi and tooth-tender walnuts and squiggly good morel mushrooms in a way that makes you close your eyes, shut off your hearing, and attempt to pour all of your sensory energy into taste and smell.  When eating this dish, I more than once covered my face with my hand to shield what may have been unflattering facial pangs of ecstasy.  LEMON CURDWe struggled to choose this dessert over the Strawberry Olive Oil Cake and Strawberry Malt, but we got our strawberry fix as the second layer in this delectable parfait, topped with the airiest foamy meringue, and served in a mason jar.  The macerated strawberries made you want to relive childhood and replace mom's jelly with Payton's strawberries to accompany Laura Scudder in your PB&J sandwich.  We clanged spoons at the bottom of the jar for the last bit of bee pollen.$62 with tax and tip.  We didn't bring a BYOB wine but would next time.  (The $13 corkage fee seems high, but there ought to be an explanation for that.)  Everyone working in the tiny dinette and serving the tables outside had huge smiles and loads of enthusiasm for what they were contributing to the Garfield neighborhood and to the downtown culinary scene.  Others are taking notice, too. Michelle Laudig (former restaurant critic at Phoenix New Times) and Aaron Chamberlin of St. Francis both dropped in during our dinner.I worry about the AZ heat baking the charm out of patio dining in May, June, and July for Chef Curry, but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats.
5	[Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix]THE VEGETARIAN ANGLEWhen you can date a review to the exact day (and with good reason), you know that you're in a special place.We ate at Payton Curry's pop-up restaurant at the Welcome Diner last night, April 19, 2011, and the following is what we ate, but you may have a different menu on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday evenings from 5pm-close through July 4.  Chef, I hear, tries to keep it real and keep it local and fresh when sourcing his menu, so it changes each week.  McClendon's Select was mentioned more than once.(PRICE NOTE:  On Tuesdays from 10pm-close, the menu is 1/2 price to be sure Curry exhausts his fresh produce and meats.)Welcome Diner was serving about 12 people when we arrived, 6 at the inside counter and three couples outside dotting the front yard, set up with a picnic table, a sawhorse, some two tops, and glass tabletop lanterns.The food came out quickly, and our gracious and knowledgeable server asked if we'd like our dishes as they were prepared or in courses. We opted for the former.  My darling dining partner and I shared all four dishes.THOSE DAMN GREEN BEANSWe started with green beans, as crisp as they were picked, with just one tip snapped off, just like my grandmother taught me.  These were served with a citrus creme fraiche and some recently picked tarragon.  I always love dairy with tarragon, and this dish, served cool (not cold) if I remember, was dusted with local bee pollen, granular bits that taste of honey and something else and melt on your tongue.MOZZARELLAThe menu insists there's basil in this tangential rendition of caprese -- and there probably is -- but the takeaway message from this panko-encrusted slab of mozzarella with the sweetest tomatoes I've eaten is a sweet-n-sour burst with every olive oily bite.  A standout appetizer.GNOCCHIIf you're like me, when you've eaten or prepared gnocchi before, you assume they get plopped into the boiling salted water before the plump up and rise to the surface.  Not so fast, Barilla Boy.  Payton Curry's gnocchi, I believe, are (dry?) pan-seared on both sides,   keeping all the doughy, gummy deliciousness often lost in the water.  The madeira wine and cream reduction here smothers the pillowy gnocchi and tooth-tender walnuts and squiggly good morel mushrooms in a way that makes you close your eyes, shut off your hearing, and attempt to pour all of your sensory energy into taste and smell.  When eating this dish, I more than once covered my face with my hand to shield what may have been unflattering facial pangs of ecstasy.  LEMON CURDWe struggled to choose this dessert over the Strawberry Olive Oil Cake and Strawberry Malt, but we got our strawberry fix as the second layer in this delectable parfait, topped with the airiest foamy meringue, and served in a mason jar.  The macerated strawberries made you want to relive childhood and replace mom's jelly with Payton's strawberries to accompany Laura Scudder in your PB&J sandwich.  We clanged spoons at the bottom of the jar for the last bit of bee pollen.$62 with tax and tip.  We didn't bring a BYOB wine but would next time.  (The $13 corkage fee seems high, but there ought to be an explanation for that.)  Everyone working in the tiny dinette and serving the tables outside had huge smiles and loads of enthusiasm for what they were contributing to the Garfield neighborhood and to the downtown culinary scene.  Others are taking notice, too. Michelle Laudig (former restaurant critic at Phoenix New Times) and Aaron Chamberlin of St. Francis both dropped in during our dinner.I worry about the AZ heat baking the charm out of patio dining in May, June, and July for Chef Curry, but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats.Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix
5	Thank you Marshall Shore for letting us know about this place!  We were a party of nine for Easter dinner last night - we filled the diner itself and ordered 1 of everything on the menu [2 of certain items].  There were 10 dinner items and 4 dessert items.  We passed the dishes down the counter to each other.The menu is strictly vegetarian, but Payton keeps a few meat items available for hard core meaties - like my daughter and I who shared a heavenly fettuccine bolognese.Each dish was superb.  I have a really hard time deciding on a favorite, but I think I'll go with the Fava and Steuben beans served in agave nectar with a walnut pesto.  My wife and daughter are going with the Beluga lentils, parsley and celery leaf.We had a tasting menu [no pairing] I would have been happy to pay $75 for and we got away with $20.Unbelievable.
5	This place is DEFINITELY NOT CLOSED. I loved it when Sloane Mcfarland was cooking there after getting it back to [almost] original condition and was ecstatic to find out this weekend that it's now a pop up restaurant.Thank you Marshall Shore for letting us know about this place!  We were a party of nine for Easter dinner last night - we filled the diner itself and ordered 1 of everything on the menu [2 of certain items].  There were 10 dinner items and 4 dessert items.  We passed the dishes down the counter to each other.The menu is strictly vegetarian, but Payton keeps a few meat items available for hard core meaties - like my daughter and I who shared a heavenly fettuccine bolognese.Each dish was superb.  I have a really hard time deciding on a favorite, but I think I'll go with the Fava and Steuben beans served in agave nectar with a walnut pesto.  My wife and daughter are going with the Beluga lentils, parsley and celery leaf.We had a tasting menu [no pairing] I would have been happy to pay $75 for and we got away with $20.Unbelievable.
5	Having dined at the Welcome Diner every week since Payton's arrival, I felt it was finally time to let yelpland know about my experiences. Also having been a fan of Digestif and Caffe Boa, during Patyon's residency, this is his best work, yet. I am floored by Payton's creativity and fresh-style every time I'm at the Welcome Diner.I haven't had anything yet that left me wanting more. Each dish is well thought out and perfectly executed. Payton manages to capture the purity and freshness of the ingredients that so many chefs in town manage to murder. As excited as I am to have Payton around the corner from my house, I am even more excited and anxious to see what his next spot will deliver. It's only going up from here folks and if your not on the Curry train yet, get on. If you're one of those people who enjoys bland food and thinks that every restaurant needs a nice view, please stay out of our neighborhood and stop yelping about how Noca is in a strip mall. Phoenix is on it's way to being regarded as one of the top cities for dining and those narrow minded opinions are no longer welcome.
5	Just went back for another Tuesday night dinner...Romesco CauliflowerGnocchiSoft Shell CrabGoat TerrineLamb LoinChocolate Chip Pecan PieOlive Oil CakeButterscotch Brownie Brioche PuddingRidiculous. Top five best dinners in Phoenix.
5	The BFD isn't Payton Curry. its not the food, either, its the floorshow. Payton and his wife manage to make this tiny space feel cavernous and fabulous. Their banter is hysterical, and Payton somehow manages to hear everything said on the floor from his outpost cooking. The words fly fast, but you'll laugh hysterically. And the food? Inventive, fresh, reasonable and fast.
5	Amazing, been twice and would go every week if I lived downtown. The food is incredible, the environment is chill, and the proprietors are super friendly. It's only open Sun.-Tuesday and will close for good 4th of July. Go while you can!!
4	This place is the bomb !!!! Great food !!
5	They're back as of today, and they're awesome. I was turned on to the Welcome Diner by a classmate at a software training I was attending, I said I was a food nerd and he told me that these guys were reopening today!Solid yelp reviews sold me, and they did NOT disappoint.They opened at 5:00, but I got off of class at about 4:15, so I went down there and hung around for a bit. After unsuccessfully attempting to help out with their square credit card thing (they can take cards, but it'll show up as the food truck because the restaurant account isn't setting up properly), I placed my order. I was the first customer, yay! Amazingly, the only other opening day jitter I saw was the ricecooker being ornery and tripping the circuit breaker repeatedly. In terms of "disasters" that's a pretty minimal one. I chose to wait for the rice to finish and get my meal all together, as I needed to burn time to avoid getting out of central Phoenix back to Tucson at rush hour.I had the port of call burger and a side of red beans and rice (the ricecooker worked in the end).Best burger I've had, I think ever. All the ingredients were high quality, very nice cheddar cheese, mushrooms cooked with port, and garlic aioli. And the bun. Oh damn, the bun. Feathery is the best adjective. No unevenness in texture, light, and just barely strong enough to contain the burger... well maybe not entirely contain.The red beans and rice were good - I'm not well versed in the craft of that dish, but it was tasty.Both the other customers that ordered inside got the fried chicken biscuit sandwich with apple butter made by one of the staff. They seemed very happy with their choices.They've got beer, wine, and hurricanes. Right now they're open Thursday-Saturday 5:00-10:00pm for dinner, and Saturday and Sunday from 10:00-3:00pm for brunch. I snuck a peek at the brunch menu, and there looked to be some tasty stuff there too. They're going to work on expanding dinner service out over more of the week gradually.What are you doing?Yeah. You.Why are you still reading this?Go get a burger or something from here.Blah blah blah it's Tuesday at 9am and they're not open, sure, whatever, maybe that excuse will fly with your family, but not here mister/missy.
5	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! The ambiance was perfect and the company was even better. I only had a beer, but the staff made it an awesome experience. They were all very knowledgable and took the time to give us a background on the diner and what their thoughts and inspirations were for the Welcome Diner going forward. I am so excited to come back this weekend and try out some of the grub, because it looked and smelled amazing! If you are looking for a cool vibe, amazingly gracious staff and a chill place to have a beer (or 7), you should absolutely check this place out! Congrats guys, you are off to a great start!
4	A couple friends took me there Saturday.  It was very tasty and affordable.  It's a very small place and they cook right in front of you, if you sit inside (like waffle house but not as greasy and more delicious) and very friendly staff and atmosphere.We had beer and mimosas with biscuits and gravy (comes with bacon/sausage or mushrooms and an egg), blackberry ricotta lemon pancakes, and a chicken sammich with cheddar, apple butter, on a homemade biscuit.
4	Back in 2005 I came to Welcome Diner and would enjoy really tasty breakfast sandwiches.  I loved the husband/wife team who took care of the customers and made the place pretty darn awesome.  I know in the past few years there've been a few different concepts that hit Welcome Diner... I didn't patronize the place since back in 2005/2006, but went back last night at about 9pm to check it out.I took some of the pictures that are up on this Yelp review back then when I was DowntownGirl.With my man and a friend of ours, we stopped over to the same quaint trailer that seemed to be a bit more polished up with a more bold "Welcome Diner" painted on the front, but pretty much looked the same from back when I used to go.  There was a special on the board and they had menus with some eclectic items.  Two of us chose the South Carolina-style pork sandwich on a biscuit and a side of fries while our friend grabbed the peanut butter bacon burger and some Sweet Republic ice cream. We sat outside instead of in.  We also grabbed some wine and beer.  Local WINES!  So glad to be able to go to an establishment in downtown Phoenix where they offer local wine. We got our food after a short wait and dove in.  Top notch delicious foods all around.  I know they have a brunch menu... guess we'll have to ride down some Saturday or Sunday morning.Tasty food, friendly staff... we'll be back.
4	Well, it finally got rented out again - to a troupe of really enthusiastic chefs and they're growing their hours. Worthy successors to the chefs who came before them, another tribe of locavores. Unbelievable that they seem to have a full beer/wine/liquor license. GO NOW before everyone figures it out! However, be warned it is no longer "cheap, under $10" - but not by much - excluding our wine our shared meal clocked in at $15 each.We each had a glass of Arizona wine labeled, merely, "red". Went wonderfully with our shared Roosevelt Growhouse salad [the beets, my gawd], cheeseburger [the mushrooms ...] and fries. Good decision, to share - we couldn't
4	Here's the deal. I want to totally love this, but frankly, Phoenix is still missing the traditional diner, even when it's housed in an authentic diner. I was hoping this would be the epic college hang-out, but it's too expensive for that. An 8 buck burger is three dollars away from a night out for a collegiate. 5 bucks for a 12 oz plastic cup pour, even a good draft, is still not in that ballpark. Actually, it's close to ballpark pricing. Knock off at least a buck.  And 4 dollars for a very small portion of collard greens will not bring me back to eat it.I ordered the most expensive meal because I wanted the food experience. Their PB and B burger is exceptional, peanut butter with burger sounds weird, but it's damn tasty and good Schrieber's bacon(also used at Bill Johnsons Big Apple for less dinero). It's the highest price burger at $12.50. I also had the previously mentioned collard greens and a 7 buck Hurricane, tasty and well-mixed, almost at price point correctly with such good ingredients.Three items and with tip, over $28.00.  This falls into the realm of special event for me, and that's a shame as the folks running the kitchen, taking orders, owners are ALL great and the service was really casual yet efficient.I would love to see something like a whiskey and soda for $4.00, discounted pitchers of beer, maybe even a discount for bringing in your own coffee cup or dishes as there really is a lot of plastic waste coming out of there.Sure, I'll be back, and for what it is(an amazing restoration of a wonderful place with a killer patio)I'm glad it's here. I'll have whatever is on special now, and skip the sides, though the fries with gravy could be killer with cheese curds a la  poutine. Yet still I wait for the college hang-out.
5	I had a wonderful experience at the Welcome Diner and can't wait to go back. First and foremost, I love the fact they support all local! Stimulating the local Phoenix economy is so important and I really commend them for being an excellent example of this. When I walked in I was impressed at how cute and comfortable the indoor and outdoor setup was. Super cute bar and cozy outdoor seating as well. True to their name, it made me feel very welcome. The food was excellent and really appreciated the gluten free options. I highly recommend eating here if you are looking for a fun, friendly, relaxed atmosphere and well priced delish food!
5	Welcome Diner recently reopened with the chef/owners of Old Dixie food truck.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I've been to Welcome Diner three times in the past two weeks.  I've sampled the lemon ricotta pancakes, the Holy Puerco special and a breakfast biscuit sandwich.  All were delicious, but the Holy Puerco was amazing.  A cheesy grit cake smothered in the most delicious pork I've ever eaten, topped with an egg and house-made pork cracklings, served with flavorful, crunchy potatoes...I love to sit at the counter.  The crowd is friendly and the WD team is personable and efficient.  There is also plenty of seating outside, as there are only 9 stools at the diner counter.  And since it's in my neighborhood, I can easily walk or bike there.Food is locally sourced when possible.  I was there yesterday when the guy dropped off the duck eggs.  Most entrees are in the 8-10 dollar range.  They have beer, wine, and limited cocktails.  I highly recommend the Hurricane, with fresh-squeezed juices, light and dark rums, and pomegranate grenadine.  And the new management DOES take credit/debit cards with the square.  You can have your receipt sent to your email or phone number.  I mention this because I saw a couple order who'd never paid with the square before.Welcome Diner is open for brunch and dinner, but not every day.  I know they close at 3 on Sundays.  They are open Thur. thru Sun.  Oh, and the music is good, too!  Get there and enjoy the patio before the hot weather hits!
5	Do you love good food?Duh.Do you love good drinks?Of course.Do you love good people?Who doesn't?!If you've answered yes to any of these questions (and we both know you did), you need to get down to The Welcome Diner. The cozy quarters and kitchy decor make it easy to fall in love with, and the staff makes you comfortable enough to stay for hours.AND THE FOOD! I have yet to try something that didn't make me smile. It's hard to pick a favorite dish but personally, I love the Kiltlifter braised pork biscuit. The carolina mustard sauce that's made in house, is probably the best thing I've ever tasted. And the made from scratch biscuit it comes with, is too good for words. Beyond a fantastic, locally driven food concept, they also make one of the greatest cocktails I've ever enjoyed; the Hurricane. And even though you clearly hear the bell dinging from the kitchen and everyone inside scream, "HURRICANE!" each time you order one, you just can't seem to figure out how you got so tipsy; they're sneaky little guys. So, next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend, you should go say hi, and then eat your face off. You'll be glad you did.
4	Greasy spoons unite!  Great menu, cool vibe, good service and good beers.  I was amazed at how efficient these guys are - they must lead the restaurant world in ratio of patrons served / grill square footage.  A great spot.  Don't come here on a diet though - my meal soaked through the paper plate and left a visible grease puddle on the counter top.  Psst ... the grit cakes are tasty and absorb the flavors of the meal but they are extremely greasy.
5	As good as it gets as far as diners go.  I'm not usually considered to be a hipster, but it might rub off on me if I spent more time her.  Great crowd hanging out eating delicious food.  Tiny enough that you HAVE to talk to the staff, they're right next to you.  Unless you sit outside.  That might be fun, too.I've never actually been to a diner that had a liquor license, so have a hurricane with your brunch.
5	If you could imagine going over to your friend's place for dinner if your friend is a chef?  That is the Welcome Diner.Every time I have been there, the place was full of laughter and the smell of great food cooking.  If you sit at the counter, you could smack the chef on the ass.  Order a hurricane, and everyone in the joint yells, "HURRICANE!"  It is a great time.  My only complaint?  They aren't open enough hours to totally clog my arteries.
4	Great little spot with wonderful fries and biscuit sandwiches. Yummy!
5	So I was visiting Arizona for spring training baseball and pining for a decent meal when we stumbled across Welcome Diner.  This place friggin' rules.  All of the food that our party tried--duck burger, breakfast biscuit, creole breakfast--was off the chain.  And they service beer, which is perfect for a Sunday brunch.  The staff was friendly and the service excellent.  They take pride in their craft, and you can see why when you taste the food.  If you're looking for a place to get some soul-nourishing food with a soulful flare, this is the place for you.
5	Well, I am trying to eat my way through the menu, but they keep adding delicious new dishes, so it's taking a while.  The service at this place cannot be beat.  When you are seated outside, every member of the team will be by to inquire about your experience and see if there's anything more they can do.  When you're seated inside, you are a part of the whole Welcome Diner experience.I most recently had the smothered pork plate, which was pulled pork with a beer and onion gravy over a bed of jasmine rice, with sides of delicious collard greens and house-made poblano hush puppies.  It was a heaping plate of food for $11.50.  The next night, we returned, at my niece's request, and I had the Port of Call burger.  It was yummy beefy goodness with perfect fries on the side.So, it's going to take me a while to sample everything the Welcome Diner has to offer, but I go at least weekly and I am dedicated to sampling all the goodness they have to offer.  This place is a gem.  Don't tell anybody.Oh, yeah...Bike Rack!
5	This place is darling. The patio is gorgeous with lots of comfy, welcoming, and uplifting touches. The service is always upbeat, fun, and inviting and the food... holy moly. I'll gladly gain a few pounds for you Welcome Diner. If you want to go somewhere different, escape this silly life for a moment, and enjoy a delicious beverage I highly recommend you stroll over to this diner, order yourself a "Hurricane" and find a seat on the patio where you can relax while the desert sun sets. In fact, I just might head over there all by my onsies tonight. Yes, I'm going to drink alone. I'm ok with it. Everything I've ever ordered off their menu has been delicious. They have lots of southern food options and they change up their specials menu about once a week. Anything you order will be divine. I promise you. Don't question me, I have the pounds to prove it.
5	Get in your car right now, come downtown and eat here. Awesome funky cool place.
5	Coconut cream grits with collards and tomato sauce.  As vegan as it gets, and so full of flavor!  Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday.  Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening.  This place is the best.
5	Get up, go downtown and eat here!
4	Wow.  So I've been hearing about this place for a while.  I always looked for it when I passed it on my way down Roosevelt but always seemed to miss it.  I practically smacked myself in the forehead when we arrived today.  I felt stupid, but then again, there are some places I just can't see until I plan to stop there.It took some convincing to get my husband to give a place other than his favourite Joe's Diner a chance for a delicious (post hangover) brunch/breakfast a chance.  We got there a little early due to it being their last brunch weekend before summer and I am paranoid of crowds and hipsters.We arrived and found ourselves seats under an umbrella in the shade.  We got some water from the cooler and perused the menu and specials.  After some deliberating (sunrise sandwich or holy puerco?) and discussion (welcome breakfast has no meat -- I need my protein at breakfast), he went with the special boudin breakfast and I got the holy puerco.  We both had fresh squeezed ojs and beignets.It was worth it.  Dear goodness I have not tasted pork jowl cruncy bits like those ever (and their meat is provided by meat shop and shreiners!).  The combination of flavors on the puerco thing was just delicious.  And the hashbrowns were fresh and not too crispy and not overpowering and flavorful.  I kind of wanted some sour cream to go with the flavors and make them like a crunchy baked potato.The beignets are not as fluffy as the ones I remember in New Orleans but definitely will satisfy this girls desire for fried dough.  They are yummy and powdered and you must be careful or the sugar will make you cough.  The honey is also oh so good.The husband very much enjoyed his boudin special and it was gone very quickly.  He said it was all very tasty and he was glad we braved the heat for the opportunity to try the breakfast before it is gone.We also got a hurricane to share at the very end.  It tastes like juice, or sunshine in a cup.  But it does pack a punch.  I felt that drink (the few sips I had) by the time we got back home.  And then I crashed in a delicious food coma.
5	Me and my boyfriend just tried Welcome Diner the other night, we wanted to go to a place that both of us have never been too. It was an awesome choice! It may not look like much from the street but you definitely have to give it a try. We both had burgers and an appetizer and all the food was great and prepared well. It is nice to go to a place that focuses on buying local food and contributing the the community. I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone.
4	We visited Welcome Diner on a Thursday evening and, in all, had a good experience but I can't say I plan to return. Though on the pricey side, the food was good (I had a BBQ pork plate and my guest a burger) and the menu selection seemed adequate. We sat outside and enjoyed our meals, sipping on hurricanes, while appreciating that Welcome Diner is, for lack of a better explanation, a hipsters diner done absolutely right. The food, the service, the facility...all are within a clear and well executed vision. And while I respect that vision, I think that, for me, it was just too much. Specifically, the outdoor seating is more stylish than properly relaxing as their comfort food is. Sitting at a picnic table or some old outdoor furniture that looks like it just came from the back of an old shed is too hipster for me. I get it. I get the theme. I get the execution. It just doesn't work for me. But I would definitely eat their grub if I were in the area looking for take out.
4	Great place (the summary). I was in PHX to work for a few hours and catch a red-eye flight - of course used Yelp to find a place for dinner.  Welcome Diner - great concept, great execution and great food!  It took me awhile to figure out its location - I drove by it a few times before I realized - oh that's the restaurant and found a parking spot behind the restaurant.You walk up to the to a window/counter and order from the posted menu and then grab a seat outside in the front yard/deck/patio area.  Had the vegetarian option (vegan po'boy) along with some biscuits and a tea. Great tasting food.  Loved sitting outside (it was around 800p or so) - a big table full of folks across the patio so I just relaxed at one of the counter/stool seats along the sidewalk - nice to just relax and catchup on emails/news/etc. Crazy but I guess I never noticed that an inside for dining room also - I just assumed it was outdoor dining only.  Customers were walking, biking, and driving to get to the restaurant - which can make a restaurant an interesting people watching experience! Highly recommended.
4	This place is so cute! I went here on Saturday night at about 8:30 or so. I ordered the chicken sammich with cheese, bacon, and gravy and the BF got a grilled cheese with bacon. We sat outside and it was lovely! I started with a hurricane, and let me tell you...it was ridic good! One of the best hurricanes I have ever tasted (definitely look for the nights when they have specials on the drinks on FB....it's worth it).  Anyway, the food came out and not only was my sammich HUGE, but it was in a pool of gravy.... I didn't even know how to begin eating it. I went with the messy method and picked this giant sammich up. Mmmm. The chicken was fresh and juicy, the gravy was rich and tasty and the bacon was flavorful. This was not a light dinner, but it was totally delicious. The BF said his grilled cheese was good, but he wished it was on regular bread instead of a biscuit. I really like that this place uses local ingredients. I will definitely be back in the near future (I really want to try a burger....yummmm).
5	Geez, I love love love this place. Love the hurricanes, the pulled pork, the fried chicken, the biscuits, the burgers, the gravy, the 'dining in a trailer park' atmosphere.The only thing I don't like is that rave reviews are going to make it impossible for us to stroll in on a Saturday night and get a seat at the counter. But they deserve them.
4	When I got the directions to this place I was certain I had been led astray because I was going into a residential part of the city. Low and behold the diner was there, random in the middle of this Phoenix neighborhood. There are a few seats inside but the real experience is to sit out front. Do not expect to sit down at a normal booth and keep to yourself. The seating is basically lawn furniture and a few picnic tables giving the whole experience a backyard barbeque feel. As far as atmosphere "hipster" would be the greatest understatement of the year. I could have ridden a bicycle made of mustaches wearing the first black rimmed glasses ever made and I would not have been hip enough among the patrons. The menu is small but efficient and the food we received tasted great. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and a hurricane to drink.
5	I was brought here by some friends who highly recommended this joint. I always down for a hole in the wall style place and it was nothing but that. Service was great and so was the HURRRRICANNEEs. The food, is blissful and heavenly. The kind of food I cook at home with fresh produce and meat. It hasn't even been 24hrs and Im dying to go back. Everything is top notch and words can't describe this place; you just have to go!!Sat down and talked with Michael (owner) about meat smoking, cooking and everything culinary. Great guy who knows his s*(&t. Overall, im very glad we were brought here and will be back in the near future!
5	Absolutely one of our favorite spots.
5	Although a little pricier than I'd prefer, I'm giving Welcome Diner 5 stars for the delicious locally-produced food, relaxed and friendly atmosphere, and the outgoing people who work there.You know a restaurant has something good going when a college student is willing to pay $10 for a watermelon salad. Or $5 for french fries with an egg on top (seriously, you have to try it. So delicious.)Welcome Diner has a unique operation--in the warm Arizona months, Welcome Diner operates from 5pm to midnight, and during the cool Arizona months, it's open for brunch and lunch. Whenever you happen to visit, you'll be greeted warmly, offered delicious food, and given a wonderful starry opportunity to enjoy the night (or morning) with dear friends.
5	Welcome Diner in its latest incarnation is a gem. Their new hours make them far more accessible for dinner service, but you'll still want to plan on showing up relatively late, at least during the summer, as most of their seating is outside.The food here is the star, but the workers and cooks are all having a great time, really genuine and fun, and overall make the experience even better. The Port of Call burger is exactly what you want: perfectly cooked, coated in cheese and onions and whatever else, and the type of meal that will leave you just barely too full.The fried chicken sandwich is a thing of beauty, if you can unhinge your jaw to take it on. Get it with melted cheese, and go even further by tacking on gravy and bacon, if you think your heart can handle it.The fries are fantastic as well. It's a bit pricey, but the quality of ingredients loads the food with flavor and makes it well worth it. They also have some amazing specials, and: their biscuits. Their biscuits are a thing of beauty, either with honey on them, or as part of the chicken sandwiches; they're simply perfect.They're just a hop-skip off the 7th St. I-10 exit, and well worth trying out.
5	We went to the Welcome Diner on "First Friday" earlier this month.  We'll be back for sure.  It's a very casual atmosphere with some limited indoor seating along a counter and more seating outside.  We each enjoyed our meals.  I eat vegan and loved the Vegan Po'Boy; my son is a vegetarian and he loved the grilled cheese sandwich; and my wife, the carnivore of the family, really liked her fried chicken sandwich.They try to use local foods.  The staff was great, as was the music they were playing.
5	Looking for a place that is so off the beaten path that you need to drive down a neighborhood road to get to it. Well this is the place. Great food, friendly owners and a diner you will want to come back to.
3	I think this is one of those places I'll need to visit a few more times to get a real feel for the place.  The bacon cheese fries where really good however the hurricane didn't seem like it had very much kick to it.  Perhaps it was only a tropical storm?It's pretty close to home so I'm sure I'll be headed here again.
5	Oh my very favorite! Poutine! Not at all like the traditional, but oh-so-good and imo, so much better! Sandwiches served on biscuits?!? Heaven! I only wish this place was open for breakfast. Oh yes, and service? Top notch!
5	Bravo! This place aced it for me. I always like to read what people order at places to help me decide. I guarantee that anything you order here will be amazing and delicious. Great job guys!! Makes me happy to see a spot like this in Phoenix. Reminds me of Portland. Things are lookin up for the foodie scene.
5	Perfect hole in the wall Diner with awesome friendly service and some awesome soul food to back it up. everything on the menu is amazing! go see it and experiance it for yourself. it's truly unique.
5	One of my favorite places, delicious food that never disappoints. Best fried chicken sandwich!!!
5	I live a couple blocks from this place and I would literally eat here every day if I could afford to.  Though I'd probably end up with a few extra pounds to go with my empty bank account.  But every day when they post their daily special up on their Facebook page, I just sit and drool over it.  I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good.  Its comfort food at its best.  And the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They treat you like a regular even if its your first time.  I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors.  I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side, but once I realized just how well the locally sourced ingredients were prepared, I now feel like its a bargain.  And I also love that they are open until midnight every day (except Monday).  This is just the coolest little place to grab some great food, a good drink, and chill with really friendly people.  I hope this place is around for a very long time.
4	I will say I was a little surprised to drive up to this place and see it is in a neighborhood on the corner as if it was previously someone's house (pretty sure it may have been). As for seating there are two options either outside on their "patio" (felt like someones front yard with chairs) or inside which gave you more of an old school dining car feel. I ordered there PB + B burger and my husband had their shrimp Po'boy special. I had heard eating Peanut butter on your burger was good so of course I had to give it a try. I must say it was a bit odd but very good, the burger was very juicy and flavorful, the bacon and cheese gave it that salty taste that went great along side the crunchy peanut butter. I would say it probably isn't for everyone and fair warning it is very heavy on the stomach... about half way through it just hits you and realize just how full you are lol. My husband's Shrimp Po'Boy was very good, the bread was super fresh and the tomato base spread gave it amazing flavor, I would say it was more of a "Prawn" Po'boy because the shrimp were so big. Overall the food was very good, I am a bit skeptical about the outdoor seating it was just a little too weird for me, I would definitely go back but would prefer to sit inside if there is room. I hope they continue to do well and maybe they'll be able to expand.
5	If you avoid the chain restaurants in downtown Phoenix, you won't have a bad meal.  Welcome Diner is no exception.  The burgers are amazing, and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown.
5	The wife and I ate dinner here tonight and we got the veggie sandwich.  It was amazing we were both blown away.  Will you please put this on the menu?
4	This was an excellent adventure. The service is super friendly and the food is unique and deserves more praise. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with gravy and cheese and bacon. That was the best choice of all the meals I tried and will be what I order when I return. We started with pulled pork fries that were BBQ flavored with a mustard twist. It was bold but I would try something else next time. The burgers were great and the fries were too. Great late night food, I would suggest this to my yelper friends.
5	The people are really cool.  Excellent food made from local ingredients. The chicken biscuit sandwich is yummy. Also, must indulge in the poutine. Fun place with lots of misters running over the picnic tables outside which kept us cool. Must check this place out for yourself.
5	Went to Welcome Diner for the first time this past Saturday. They had a veggie burger on special that I really wanted to try, but sadly they ran out before we got there. Instead I got the vegan po-boy sandwich with a side of fries (which i'm so happy I chose). It was so yummy, and super filling! The menu has lots of great comfort food items, including some vegetarian/vegan options. The staff was awesome and super friendly. The place has such a neat vibe as well. There's truly nothing like it!
5	What I love most about Welcome Diner is that when you are there, it doesn't feel as though you are in Phoenix.  The menu is good ol' Southern comfort food with a twist; they have Deep Eddy alcohol's and they make amazing homemade lemonade...well it's a little page right out of the South (Austin, TX to be exact).  We need more places like this.  They have a vegan po-boy sandwich with fried avocado that I could eat everyday, it's just that good.  They use the freshest veggies, no really, so fresh that it was probably picked that very day from the Garfield community garden.  That's right, fresh AND local.  I also can't get enough of those delicious collard greens!  I was impressed with the staff because they knew exactly what was vegan (right down to which bread I could eat).  Any time I find a staff educated about ingredients, it's a win.  And anytime I have gone with my non-veg friends they rave about the menu as well, so I think it is safe to say that it is all yummy.All in all, this place is simply adorable, quaint, fun and delicious.  It is small inside so if you can get in there, I highly recommend it.  The staff is very friendly and attentive which makes for an even better dinning experience.  There are also plenty of seats outside and a to-go window which makes it even easier.  Great place to hang out, meet new people and eat good food!
5	BEST BURGER SPOT I'VE COME ACROSS!! I was out one night craving a burger and jumped on yelp and happened to be driving down roosevelt. This was the first place that came up. I drove down and stopped by. This place is really cool. I like the open setup outside. There's benches for you and your friends to chill on while u enjoy your meal.  There's a dinner car that seats about nine people that's cool to sit in. The service is GREAT!!! All the people there are super cool. A very friendly atmosphere that anyone can enjoy. When your foods ready they always check to make sure everything's right before giving it to you. Now.... The burgers and catfish sandwiches are AMAZING!!! I have had the welcome burger, the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!
5	I have had three things there. A hurricane (NICE) that buffalo chicken burger and a pulled pork sandwich. All were wonderful. I am dying to come back in the spring when I can sit outside!
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere! We had the veggie burger and the Welcome Burger. Both were amazing! The fried avocado was out of this world. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend this unique little gem in Downtown Phoenix.
5	Fantastic hole in the wall (hole in the trailer?) restaurant. Great relaxed vibe, with good old bluesy southern music as a backdrop to the even better tunes of familiar conversation. I loved how hometown it felt. This is definitely a place where strangers become friends.Fantastic service! Our server was Brandon, who was so helpful in making sure my meal was vegan and describing every delicious detail to us. Upon leaving, every employee waved and thanked us for dining. So nice!On to the food...fantastic. I had a veggie burger with fried avocado on the side. Life changing. My boyfriend had the classic burger and fries, and loved it. I can't wait to come back and try the vegan po'boy.I'm really excited to be a frequent patron of the Welcome Diner. So happy we found it!
4	Tucked away into an old central (and scary) neighbourhood, it was a bit hard  to find in the dark. Glad we did, though!Got a lemonade (made with fresh lemon juice), the fried chicken with cheese biscuit sandwich and split an order of bacon cheddar fries. The chicken was perfectly cooked with a crispy outer breading, thick and juicy meat inside. The biscuit was really tasty and flaky. It came with a few cubes of watermelon but I don't like melon so those went untouched. We sat inside at the bar and everyone working inside was super nice and friendly. They have quite a few regulars and I could see why. The prices were a bit higher than I expected but they use totally local sourced ingredients and everything is prepared fresh so you're paying for the quality just as much as the quantity. An order of cheddar bacon fries, a biscuit chicken sandwich with watermelon side, lemonade, and tip totalled to just over $21.
5	Welcome Diner, talk about fantastic! Browsed around and found this diner, in a neighborhood many would consider not welcoming, they could not be more wrong. The homemade biscuit, made with love and of course incredible honey, just delicious down to the last crumb. A welcoming staff and food that can leave you stuffed! Will definitely keep coming back and invite all who will join. If you your a local you need to eat here, if your visiting phoenix, you need to eat here! As always my yelpers, eat, drink, explore, and buy local!
5	After a big night during First Friday, tired and slightly hungover, I needed some comfort food.  Outside of the Five & Diner franchise, I hadn't been to anything resembling an authentic diner in the Phoenix area.  Ever.  So what a surprise to find an old diner transplanted from back east into the downtown Phoenix area.  It's a little on the fringes as the immediate neighborhood is a little sketchy, but we were going for a late breakfast on a Saturday so I didn't worry too much about my car.The diner itself truly is a timewarp.  The interior is a simple 9 stool diner with a cooking area just as tiny.  You can't help but converse with the waitress and the cooking staff since they're basically right in front of your face.  If you're looking for more room (and want to keep an eye on your ride), there's picnic tables with umbrellas outside.We got here around 11am so my girlfriend and I didn't feel too self conscious ordering drinks.  I got the mimosa while she got the bloody mary.  I'm not sure what they put in those drinks, but they had some kick!  They weren't overtly alcoholic, but just spicier than other mimosas or bloody marys I've had.  As for the food, I came here for one thing.  A biscuit sandwich.  More specifically, the Big Jim.  Fried chicken, country gravy, bacon, and cheddar on a homemade biscuit.  Unreal.  The biscuit was flaky, buttery heaven.  The batter on the fried chicken was delicious and the gravy wonderfully hearty.  Easily the best biscuit sandwich I've had in the Phoenix area.  My girlfriend got the Andouille Scramble which was basically an omelette with andouille sausage, peppers and onions with a side of potatoes.  She saw how much I loved my biscuit so she added a biscuit with honey to her order and was equally impressed.We so wanted to save room for the beignets, but we were stuffed.  Total for the two drinks, two entrees, the add-on biscuit, and tip came to about $40.  Had we done non-alcoholic drinks it would've been a little under $30.  Their ingredients are locally sourced so you pay a little bit of a premium for that.  But considering the quality of the food and the unique experience, it was money well spent.  Whatever you do, find a way somehow to include a biscuit in your meal here.
5	This is a great little spot with awesome food, awesome employees who treat everyone like they're friends. The menu is not of the normal run of the mill type but yet a delicious combination that should be tried. As a local business owner and supporter of independent non-chain places to eat, this is a must try! And don't forget that they serve booze! Try the bloody mary or the hurricane!
5	Amazing amazing melt in your mouth food,  affordable, funny down to earth staff, fun visits! Go here now!
5	This is a favorite spot for my wife and I. We try to hit up the welcome diner once a week! Seriously, you can't beat the neighborhood feel, the ambiance of the Valentine Diner, the quality of the food, and the purity of the food. We went here for breakfast the morning after our wedding because we couldn't think of anywhere else we'd rather eat!
4	Great spot. I would def recommend this spot for comfort food. The fried chicken sandwich is not to be missed & the fries are amazing! Just ask for extra crispy. Can't wait to go back & try a burger they looked amazing!!!!
5	Loved this quirky place! Between the 3 of us we ordered the grilled cheese on a biscuit, the Carol (BBQ pork) and the Big Jim (for especially hearty appetites.  The flavors were amazing! Loved the mustard BBQ sauce on my Carol.  Really wanted to try the Beignets but they were out f them already. Cest la vie...a reason to come back for sure.
5	Solid 5. Totally chill attitude from the guys behind the counter serving up killer food. To start: an Old Fashion for me and a Candy Corn signature for the wife. We split not one but two orders of the bacon and cheese fries, and had the biscuit w chicken, gravy, and bacon. All fantastic. Go here anytime if you got a hankering for comfort food after a hangover or just because. We'll be back soon. And we're bringing friends.
4	This place is great! The burgers are amazing and the coleslaw is fantastic. 4 stars because it's pretty pricey, but worth it for a fabulous meal.
5	I am so glad I decided to take a chance on this little place. Great food at a fair price. And, great service to boot. I had their chicken and cheddar biscuit called the Little Birdy and was in heaven. The chicken was moist with great flavor, not greasy, and not doughy. The biscuit it was on was perfection. Crispy and fluffy where it needed to be with a well balanced butteryness. To make things even better the biscuit did not fall apart after the first bite :). Loved the relaxed atmosphere and music selection outside. The dudes that were working were very courteous and answered questions without eye rolling like you may get at other downtown establishments.
4	I've only been here for brunch once....it's the shit. They had me with the "ATTENTION BALLERS, no $50 or $100 BILLS, PLEASE" (I'll post a picture)Basically my kind of place already. It's a tiny place inside thus the 4 stars but they have a nice patio area with benches, tables and ect. Food is like some concoction of amazingness. I can't even remember what I had, but it was tasty and full of god knows what, pretty much everything and anything one can think of. They also sell beers and stuff. It's located in the garfield district right off roosevelt. I heard it was once a food truck that parked and now it rests. Go here for something awesome and different.
5	Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it!
4	Let me start by saying from the time I pulled up to the place, walked in the courtyard, stepped into the diner and took a seat on one of the 9 stools at the corner of the counter, I was a fan.  This tiny place packs a big punch.  The employees are super friendly and upbeat. There is a sense that they want you to have a great experience while you enjoy eating.  It's got some super items on the menu and they are working on creating a full bar.  They have large multi seat tables that look similar to picnic tables outside under umbrellas so there is more seating of the weather is good.There are several items on the menu I will return to try but on this particular trip, our first, we had the Holy Puerco & the Peanut butter Bacon Cheddar Burger.  Both were amazing.  I felt a bit like I was back in New Orleans with the fried cheddar grit cake, cracklins, & Crystal sauce.  Not to mention the burger reminds me of one of my favorite burger joints in NOLA, Yo Mama's Bar & Grill. They also have a Peanut butter Bacon burger.  I like the list they have on the wall behind the counter that names all the local businesses they purchase there produce, meat, and goods.  It shows the intent to buy local and support other local businesses.  I will be back, I witnesses the making and devouring of a sandwich named Big Jim, a fried chicken breast, country gravy, bacon & cheddar on a large homemade biscuit.  I have got to try that for myself.  So my recommendation to you is to go, eat, experience this little diner for yourselves.  There is soul in the food they serve. Here is a link to the diner's website:  http://www.marthaandmary.net/welcomediner/welcome.html
5	Man but this place kicks ass.  Incredible, inventive, decadent food.  BITCHING cocktails (try one and you'll see).  Open til 12 on Sunday night.  (Yes!)  Totally savvy musical selections, always. Straight up & personable folks making and serving everything.  The real locals deal.  Feel like I need to go here as much as possible, before it totally blows up and there's no getting a seat.  Big love.
5	I would be lying if I said this diner didn't influence me to move to the Garfield district. This is my absolute favorite place. I used to drive all over the valley depending on what mood I was in, and now I pretty much just go to the Welcome Diner. They have about 9 seats inside and quite a bit of patio seating. They have a few nice big outdoor heaters too.Some things I love-Excellent quality food sourced from local vendors-Amazing amazing drinks. They make their own bitters, grenadine, squeeze their own lime juice  and even have fresh herbs to put in. Each one I've seen made is with love.-Good service, fun atmosphere-Almost everything is made from scratch-Specials that are (always delicious) experiments, not leftovers.-Catfish Fridays (Try the sampler!)I would say price wise it's not necessarily cheap, but not expensive. Average plate will run you about $10, but considering the quality and atmosphere I have no problem paying it! Favorite dishes-PB&B burgerBacon Blue burgerVeggie Stallion (housemade edamame and mushroom veggie burger with housemade ricotta)Red beans and rice with sausageGrilled cheese on a housemade biscuit.Try the holy puerco!
4	I feel I am an expert on fried chicken, and I had the Big Jim today with a side of eggs.  Fresh squeezed oj and LUX coffee.  The biscuit was unbelievable and sliced in half and put on the grill for an extra crisp; the fried chicken breast on the sandwich ... well, watch out LOLO and Mrs. White and f**k Chick Fil-A and the Hate Chicken, I will never EVER miss that again, knowing this place exists.  I can't describe the extra crispy not at all greasy breast - and the bacon and cheese and gravy was amazzzzzing.  Hipster waitress and they kept coming around to refill my coffee on a lovely chilly sunday morning at 1030.   I'll be back, but my waistline will suffer.  GO, puts MATT's big breakfast to shame. My minus one star- Needs a booster or something for small kids to sit in.
5	I go to Welcome Diner so much at this point, I feel like making up disguises. It's like, c'mon, I'm JUST trying eat here everyday of my life and not feel embarrassed about it. The thing is, they make the best everything I've ever had anywhere.The Bleu Burger? Omg. The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger? Literally so good, I'm pretty sure I lost IQ points. The Biscuit Sandwiches? I want to be in a Facebook-official relationship with one.Just go here - you will understand and you will not regret it. Actually, you might regret it, because you tend to go.. no where else afterwards. Just start trying your disguises on now.Real complaint: They only do breakfast on weekends, doesn't start till 10:30am.More real complaint: They won't let me move in.
5	Delicious food. Small and casually intimate atmosphere with friendly cooks.Really loved the beet salad!
5	This is my new favorite joint.It is becoming quite the neighborhood favorite and I think it's because they just do it right. The setting is so...welcoming. With the lawn chairs and variety of mostly outdoor seating this is the perfect spot for a beautiful day or night. The staff is a bunch of characters who are very genuine and helpful. The food has clever names like "Holy Puerco and Captain Fantasy") oh and it is freaking amazing. Even the menu's artwork looks awesome (done by a local artist/cartoonist.)I've been here three weekends in a row. The first time I had the Captain Fantasy which was endlessly delicious. Barbecued chicken on a fresh homemade biscuit with bacon, cheese and greens. I also had fries, wow a lot of food! The other two times I've had the Sunrise Sandwich with sausage and an egg over easy. It is also placed between a tasty biscuit along with some arugula. Yum! My boyfriend has had the welcome breakfast with chorizo and the Little Birdy. I had bites! I also tried their fried avocado, genius.They serve drinks. Apparently on Tuesdays they have Hurricane Tuesdays, $5 for their famous hurricanes. I've also heard their Bloody Mary's are brilliant.Well done Welcome Diner well done. See you all next weekend!
5	Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!!
5	Amazing food! We had the fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches  one was with the sausage gravy - and the other was the  buffalo one both very good. We had the Hurricanes also very tasty. Definitely going to be on our list of favorites!
5	Surprised I never found this place.. The place was pretty good couldn't think of a complaint
5	Out with my two boys,who, like me, enjoy exploring for great eats. Based on Yelp suggestions, I decided to give this place a shot. It was close to the art museum we were at, reasonable prices, and great food!  It is hard to find food that has great flavor, and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma.  Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience, we are definitely excited to come back!
5	I've never felt so compelled to use expletives in a review, but I feel like I could cuss up a storm and still not quite convey how much I'm digging Welcome Diner. I've been here three times, twice in the past week, and I can't wait to go again. I had the holy puerco on my first visit, the big Jim on my second, and today I had the Carol with cheese, bacon, and egg added at the suggestion of the guy taking our order. Everything has been utterly impeccable. It's comfort food at its absolute finest. I can't wait to make it through their entire menu and I have absolute confidence that I'll find many more delicious gems just waiting to be devoured. The atmosphere and location couldn't be any better either. Sitting outside on a nice wintry Phoenix day in Garfield will no doubt yield some good people watching and you'll be thankful to just be where you are. In closing, I want to thank these folks for doing what they're doing. If you haven't been here yet, or if you're for some silly reason on the fence about giving it a shot, stop deliberating and get your tail over there. You'll be happy you did.
5	I just love everything about this place. The location, the outside seating, the vibe, the food ... everything.The kitchen is very small. This vintage diner car was meant for one cook. So the two guys in there really have to hustle and work around each other. The food is top quality as well. My boyfriend and I split a PB&B Burger and the Bumblebee chicken sandwich on a biscuit. The chicken was probably my favorite, but it was impossible to eat like a lady. It's stacked so high that in order to get some in your mouth, you have to get some on your face. I gave up and just started stabbing at it with my fork. The best part of Welcome Diner is the atmosphere: twinkling lights, picnic style seating, and friendly staff. I'm not sure who was working this last Saturday night, but he was so friendly and knowledgeable. We had a good little conversation about the history of the diner car. This would be a great date place ... if that's something you're looking for. This is also a good place for a group of around 6 friends to take over a picnic table.
4	After years of being vacant, it's nice to see the Welcome Diner property revived. I'm impressed by the caliber of the menu that Michael has put together. And I love how there is Southern and Cajun style food. But even I couldn't have imagined something like the Holy Puerco--cheddar grit cake with cracklins and pulled pork. I also like the kale sandwich with the fried avocado. If you're getting the avocado, split it with a friend. Five pieces of that is a lot, in my opinion.The biscuits are really unique. You can taste a difference from theirs and what you may get at another restaurant. The biscuit sandwich with the fried chicken and honey will hit just the right spot. I also like the biscuit with goat cheese and jam. And we can't forget about the peanut butter + bacon burger with fries. You may get some clogged arteries from sampling everything but it may just be worth it. I urge people to try this place. I'm sure it's only a matter of time before Guy Fieri parachutes in. I ended up writing about this place for an article on restaurants worth highlighting in Phoenix. Besides the food, I think this has a terrific location to build on being the "Cheers" of the Garfield neighborhood. The patio is really inviting and you can watch residents coming and going since it's in a residential area. It is quite hipster-dominated but that's just what a lot of Garfield and the Roosevelt Row area are. Hopefully there will be people to welcome this place for a long time to come.
4	Welcome Diner is a good place to go when the weather is nice and you've got lots of time on your hands. It's in kind of a strange neighborhood (you may see stray dogs running around) but the outside dining area is welcoming and cute. I don't like coming in here any kind of inclement weather because pretty much all of the seating is outside, which is a bummer at night or during the summer. Also, because the kitchen is so small and Welcome Diner is so popular, you may end up waiting 40 minutes for your food.But....what saves Welcome Diner for me is the food. I love the fried chicken and the sausage biscuits and gravy. The sandwiches are also excellent! The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and refreshing, but the lemonade is on the bitter side and leaves something to be desired. I'd recommend the food at Welcome Diner to anyone, but the atmosphere isn't always a crowd-pleaser. I would love to see them in a brick and mortar, full-service restaurant! Maybe someday.
3	Ahhh, I read the reviews from "New-times the best of," and had a high expectation to eat. My veggie burger was bitter because it was burned on one side and I asked them, "is it normal burning bitter like this?" They said YES. (Only one side?? ). Really? I had better veggie burger even at Fat burger or even at Na mi. The flavor was nice actually on the first bite before I bite the burned side :(.I am little bit disappointed. The prices for 2 burgers (veggie and peanut butter burger) and 1 lemon pie homemade (with over-dozed sugar flavor in one side and strong lemon taste at the center) total $20-ish. Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger.
4	Good food, attentive service, great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The "Carolina" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good.
5	Welcome Diner has become one of my Phoenix favorites. It's hard to tell which stands out the most, their amazing food preparations or their welcoming staff. 1st patronage: we were able to sit inside the tiny trailer and the guys who were working that day were awesome. Great customer service, made us feel known and welcomed! That day I enjoyed the Welcome Burger with no regrets! Husband got the Big Jim & was very satisfied! 2nd patronage: I popped by for an iced coffee (they serve Lux brew) , and the gal working (can't remember her name now, but she's got blue hair ;) was super friendly! She even hooked me up with a refill for the price of free, I was like wow, these folks are nice :)3rd patronage: we weren't feeling meat, so we tried the Vegan Po' Boy...was surprised at what a delicious sandwich it was, nothing poor about it! Their fries are the best around. Their coleslaw is distinct. Their service is appreciated. I'm looking forward to enjoying more meals here. I'm busy and really don't have time to write reviews, but I'll type one up for a local business I want to support! They also use all local AZ grown ingredients folks. Don't be intimidated by the humble surroundings from the outdoor seating area. It's comfortable and unpretentious, a sweet little spot to enjoy some real good food.
4	Okay so I went to Welcome Diner this morning after seeing my friends IG post of his food a week ago. Met a friend and we sat inside was greeted by the entire staff including Wayne and Justin the Cook, our server was super cool too. Ordered the Sunrise Sandwich- A Biscuit for a bun with scrambled eggs, Cheese, Arugala and per the recommendation of our server added Chorizo....BOMB DOT COM I can't wait to go back and try some of the other things on the menu...just go and eat it's worth it!.
5	I had the pleasure of (finally) eating at Welcome Diner today and it was amazing! I can't wait to go back. I had the fried chicken biscuit sandwich and a side of fried avocado, both of which were great. Fried chicken was juicy and biscuit was flaky and tasted fresh. The fried avocado was awesome and like nothing I have had before. My friend got a collard green sandwich with a fried egg on top. She smashed it and then raved about how great it was. Each sandwich came with a side of fruit which was the perfect side for the heavy sandwiches. Like I said before I can't wait to go back!! Highly recommend, this is a local gem that I would love to see thrive.
5	Their red bean and rice are fabulous and the portion is super generous!  I also had the Kentucky Thoroughbred cocktail and it was amazing.  There's something about sitting knee to knee with strangers at a nine-person diner counter talking about food and life and watching the chef's work in the teensy-tiny kitchen.  But don't worry - if you need some space and want to enjoy the amazing AZ weather there's a HUGE patio and fun little order window... something for everyone!  For dessert I got the homemade biscuit with goat cheese and apple butter.  The biscuit was warm but the cheese was cold and that was a weird combination.  But overall everything was delicious and I will totally be back!!!
3	WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine...
5	I was looking for good comfort food in downtown Phoenix and that is exactly what you'll find at Welcome Diner. The staff was friendly, the environment was cozy and the food was too good to not finish! I can't wait to come back with a crowd to share such an experience!
5	This place makes me wish it was mine! The best home made biscuits, juicy off the bone fried chicken, great collard greens, and amazing catfish po boy.
5	Whhhhaaaat?! I have not reviewed these guys?! It's possibly because I was hoping to keep them my little secret. These guys took their Old Dixie food truck and took over this unique and eclectic location that has been home to other popups over the last couple of years. Inside seating is VERY limited 8 built in stools against a small counter. I love sitting inside but I often enjoy their out door seating during the summer and especially on these beautiful Phx winter nights. [They do lunch and brunch as well.] The Food: I have enjoyed everything I have tried here. They are known  for their biscuits, which are fairly large, sturdy enough to be used in their biscuit sandwiches but tender enough to enjoy with their homemade honey butter (the honey sourced from a small apiary in the neighborhood) or house made jelly/preserves or apple butter. Many of their veggies are often sourced out of the community garden when possible. They source locally as much as possible, and their menu adjusts seasonally, while keeping some of their popular favorites. They always offer vegetarian options and occasionally even vegan. [Skip the goat cheese on the beet tureen salad and that is a yummy vegan option]  They make all food to order and honor substitutions or additions within reason.  Heck, for dinner one night I ordered their biscuit with goat cheese and smoked apple butter (found on the dessert menu) and asked if they could add bacon.  They gave me a bit of a raised eyebrow as they found the request unique and gladly served it up (and it was SOOO good) My favorites:Anything with their fried chicken. Anything with their biscuits. Their french fries are  hand cut and fabulous. They smoke their own meats  (and sometimes apples for their smoked Apple butter) so try the Carolina or any smoked  sausage, pork chop, etc. that shows up on the specials board. Their burgers rock! (YOU HAVE to try the PB&B, well unless you have a peanut allergy). Their salads are lovely and tasty. They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later.
5	This place rocked. We were a little hesitant at first to try it bit it worked out. The location is right smack dab in the middle of a residential area and the diner literally sticks out of a house or possibly used to be a house but the food was phenomenal. All the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order. The staff and the food choices definitely had a little hipster vibe. The collard greens were freaking amazing and the rest of the food was up to par for sure. Only complaint probably is that the drinks were a bit on the pricy side, $3.50 for a tall can of Pabsts. All in all, I would definitely visit again and again.
5	I had this place on a list of "gotta try" lunch places near my new job. Today was the day to give it a try and I was blown away. The place is super cute (tiny inside and a nice patio), awesome, unique menu, EXTREMELY friendly service and the food was killer. I chose the Bumble Bee, fried chicken breast, local honey, house made beer mustard and bread &  butter pickles on a huge homemade biscuit. How they got the chicken freakishly crunchy yet completely juicy on the inside is a mystery right up there with the Loch Ness Monster and Bermuda Triangle. For a side, I tried the fried avocado. Oh yes, I said it. Again, crispy beyond belief and soft creamy avocado on the inside. There may be voodoo happing in that tiny kitchen. I will be back to investigate further...maybe for brunch!
5	My kids and I love this place! The chicken biscuits are out of this world. So far I have tried the Captain Fantasy (talk about a kick) and the Bumble Bee (made with locally sourced honey) both have been fantastic. I have also had the Carol which is Kilt Lifter braised pulled pork on a biscuit, smoked in the back of course. The service has always been really friendly. The atmosphere is really laid back.  You will want to eat outside, as the inside is really small.  Pretty much the opposite of the Tardis (a little geek joke, nod if you get it).My Step son recently got one of their burgers, and he said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had.  Definitely on my list to try soon.All in all, its a place you have to try. You will not be disappointed in any way. oh did I mention that they are locally owned and locally sourced? So not only can you get good food, but feel good about it to.
4	I remember hurricanes.Then I remember nothing.So they must have been some pretty good hurricanes.
5	I've been here a few times now. I can't believe I hadn't reviewed this place like, right after my second visit when I got food but I digress. Welcome Diner is a cute restaurant with plenty of picnic tables outdoors. They do have some indoor seating, but it looks to be quite tiny and every time I've been is in a group. This is the spot for nice, sunny days-I've only been here when it's cool outside so I can't say much about what it'll be like in the summer. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but not so much during the day. Since you're sitting outside, it's allowed for some pretty entertaining people watching.The brunch here is awesome! I always get super excited when I can have biscuits and gravy (since the only animal I eat is of the fish variety). You can get biscuits with mushroom gravy!! The portion I got was huge and so dang tasty. The drinks are awesome! Get the Hurricane..even if just for the cashier to yell "HURRICANEEEE!" when you order it... It's pretty fun and adds to the overall experience.I will definitely be back to try their dinner options and grab another delicious cocktail.
5	Finally got to try this place and it did not disappoint. Amazing burgers... The PB&B (peanut butter) was insane. The special was the champion burger with caramelized onions and it was great too, but I would definitely go with the peanut butter one again..and again. Also had a a homemade biscuit with honey and it was crazy good. Prob try a fried chicken biscuit sandwich next time. Place has a lot of character. Old RV converted into a restaurant. Minimal indoor seating but not a bid deal. Wish I lived closer... Great place.
4	Love the bumblebee chicken sandwich and the welcome burger was one of the juiciest I have ever tasted. Quick, friendly service. 4 stars because I couldn't find napkins
5	OH!  MY!  GOD! I don't understand how anyone could give this place less than 5 stars... Food is incredible, staff are friendly and welcoming, and the drinks are delicious, especially the Hurricane. I had the Carrie pulled pork sandwich and I can honestly say it was one of the best meals I have ever had. EVER! Don't listen to these winey bitches who give three stars... They obviously don't understand good food and good service. Would eat here every day if I didn't live so far away. Wow
5	This diner came well recommended by the nice folks at the Phoenix hostel just a few blocks away. Easy walking distance in this cool little neighborhood from the hostel and the fun stuff to do on 5th street. The old diner still has the 50's vibe with classic neon, but the food is non-classical diner fare (in a great way), is healthy and satisfying, and the folks working there are legit - down to earth and friendly. Just chill folks, no pretense, great food. It's awesome to be back in the "south" and see iced tea on the menu. I kept requesting more, and the cool tattooed chick just brought me out a pitcher, a whole bowl of lemon slices and a smile.  That's hospitality. I had the "KOKO", a hand breaded, fried chicken breast in a homemade biscuit with some kind of homemade remoulade, baby greens, tomato and a side of vinegar-based red coleslaw. Awesome. Friends had a deep fried avocado (vegan) po-boy and the other gad the fish po-boy, both of which looked great. Definitely coming back.Edit:  BTW, just saw on their online menu that they have a beer terrine salad, don't know how I overlooked that last night, but I'm kicking myself. Any place that has beets on the menu gets an automatic A++.
5	I love this place! Bad for my cholesterol but who gives a damn! The proprietors are very cool, great ambience in "the hood." It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix
5	Had to update my review to share that I had dinner here last weekend for the final day of Arizona Cocktail Week. Of course, I couldn't pass up half priced hurricanes!I tried the Vegan Po'boy (fried avocado, kale, pico de gallo and chipotle remoulade on french bread) and it was magical...but left me wondering how the heck do you fry avocados? No, seriously??? I'm sure google will tell me later which will lead to fun experiments in the kitchen.... Customer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night, this place is one of the top restaurants in Phoenix.
5	Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The Food was Great, my fiance had a welcome burger and the just custom made me a breakfast burger. The chef came in and made a burger he had just created and gave us a taste. Would totally drive down from LA again for another bite
5	Went here during first friday and it was a madhouse. I'm assuming things run a little smoother when the line isn't out the door so I give them the benefit of the doubt. Food is amazing all the way!
4	Great food, great people. Highly recommended for  community oriented, easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal.
5	Love the old diner feel. This place was absolutely delicious! I had the welcome burger & fries & my bf had the big jim. Both perfection!! I can't wait until next time so I can get the biscuit ;)
5	Just awesome. The biscuits are buttery, the chicken is juicy. The food is simple, done well, and delicious; plus it's minutes from our house. Can't wait to come back to try something else!
5	I'm from east coast and I'm trying to find the owner to let me allow this place in my strip mall this food is truely a touch of its own will hit every tasty bud....please understand!!!!!!!!''''''''you will leave leave happy and talking about"I wish I was their neighbor"'''! This spot will leave its mark....watch our in n out burger....be worried if people know what they are !!!
5	I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares?
5	Decided to try this place out after reading the review here. My Wife and I are glad we did. This place was sooo good. A true diamond in the rough. The food was perfect. My Wife had the welcome burger and fries. It came out cook exactly the way she asked. I tried the big jim and the cannibal fries. I was only able to eat mine with a fork and knife. It hit the spot. The fires we excellent!!. We each had a drink with our meal, they did not disappoint either. I would eat here all the time if I lived closer, so maybe that is a good thing. I would weight about 500lbs. If you are even remotely close, check this place out!!!
3	Went here with some friends on Saturday for brunch. Ordered the Big Jim and sunrise. The big JIM was a little salty and the sunrise just didn't hit the mark. The chorizo was excellent.  The holy puerco was the best dish, I highly recommend. I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once, don't be afraid of the neighborhood.
5	This place is AWESOME... I had their  Green Fried Tomato sandwich...it is sooooo good..wanted to go back for dinner....we are from Queen Creek , AZ   .. we had a party of 15 ....service was fantastic and personable...everything was fresh ....will go back..Thank you Welcome Diner for making our visit very enjoyable..
4	This tiny neighborhood spot virtually looks like either a converted food truck or a small food trailer. Outside on the front lawn are many tables and chairs, as inside you will find only 9 seats at the very retro counter.The menu is southern comfort food. Super greasy, generous portions, all cooked grilled and prepared in what is probably the smallest kitchen in the valley.This is the spot for a behemoth burger, biscuits smothered in gravy, and even fried green tomatoes.  With a "biscuits" menu, featuring fried chicken drowning in country gravy, cheddar, and bacon - it is a bypass waiting to happen.  However, there are lighter healthier biscuit choices that come topped with sauteed Kale and fried egg...but this place truly is a destination for abandoning healthy choices and diving head first into fat and calories.
5	Went there again today with family from OOT, they loved the food and the atmosphere. Just a fun, cool place, come on down.
5	Biscuits,  pbr tall boys, craft beers on draft... need I say more? I always end up here as an attempt to sober up after hitting up the bars off of Roosevelt. Long story short it never happens because they sell beer and I just end up getting extra wasted. But, it's okay! Their food is a great hangover cure, so I just come back the next morning and stuff myself with the best biscuits EVER. Hangover situation averted.
5	My wife, the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts.  If we end up moving to Phoenix, this restaurant may be the reason why.
5	Nom Nom Nom.  The food here is so delicious!  My personal favorite is the fried green tomato sandwich and next would be the carol.  Of course my all time favorite is no longer on the menu, i am told if requested when not slammed, if all ingredients are there, they will make that too!  Goodness I love this place.  If you haven't eaten here, what are you waiting for?
5	Amazing food, amazing staff. Only one time did I go where I wasn't impressed. Top of biscuit burnt and chicken dry. Other than that food and service has been superb. Great comfort food and a nod to the south with the fried green tomato sandwich!!
5	This place is amazing!  I had the whitefish po-boy and ice tea.  My friends had biscuit sandwiches And a couple cocktails, rave reviews all around!
5	Went back for dinner the other night.  Party of four for drinks and food. It was great ... We had The Koko, Fried Green Tomato sandwich, Avacado Po'Boy and Little Birdy. Rounded out with Carol Fries and Brussels Sprouts. Mmmmmm, Mmmmmm Good.  Added some drinks and friendly banter from Morgan and a good night was had by all!  Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!
4	I had a spring salad and my friend had a welcoming breakfast. Both of them are great! If they can use a bigger bowl for salad , it will be better because it is hard to toss the salad in a small bowl.
4	Cute little diner right in the middle of the neighborhood. Stopped here real quick before taking my sister to the airport. We each had a biscuit sandwich: she had the chicken and biscuit with bacon, cheese, and gravy and it was great and I had the one with chicken, honey, mustard, and pickles and it was excellent.  2 sandwiches and a coke to split was $21.
5	Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, AND a great staff! Say whaaaaaaaaaat?!?!?  I had a brief, but torrid affair with the grilled cheese, and that delicious SOB left me wanting more!  I HIGHLY recommend this spot!!!
5	I trekked all the way to this place from the Convention Center.  I was a little unsure if I was headed to the right place, since Welcome Diner is located in a neighborhood, but I'm so glad that I found it.  My food was delicious and the staff seemed genuinely friendly and interested in how I thought that the food was, which is always the sign of a good chef.  I did have to wait a little bit, but I didn't mind too much, since it's a small establishment.  People should be forewarned that there is very limited seating indoors and that most of the seating is outdoors on the patio.  I personally thought that it was nice to sit outside, especially with the mural on painted on the fence/wall, but I understand that it might not be so comfortable to sit outside at the picnic tables in extremely hot Phoenix weather, especially if it was a busy day and you had to share a bench/table with a bunch of people you don't know.I got a fried green tomato sandwich on sourdough with house-made corn salsa and arugula.  It was fantastically delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and everything from the toasting of the bread to the battering of the tomatoes was well-executed.  Although the sandwich was filling and came with a slice of cantaloupe, I wish that it had come with some sort of side, like home-made potato chips, for the price.  Alongside my sandwich, I had a tasty Four Peaks stout.
5	Here in Phoenix for business and since eating by yourself is not fun....I wanted a local spot to enjoy dinner.  And oh boy did I find a GREAT spot.  Welcome Diner provides a unique atmosphere and the weather was awesome.  I highly recommend the KoKo - Chicken Biscuit Sandwich with a creamy spicy sauce, fried chicken, arugula, tomato and some other stuff with a side of watermelon.  Absolutely delicious!!!I also treated myself to the Beignets which were so good and I wish I could have finished them all but I was stuffed.And get a Hurricane; fresh and perfect too!Staff was great, friendly and if I am back in Phoenix again, I will definitely come back to the Welcome Diner!
5	This place was off the hook!! As I say, "hella good"! Like hella gooooooooooooood! I strongly recommend this place especially with a group of friends around sunset to kick back at this chill establishment with cool outdoor lighting and throw back some drinks before your meal. By the way, if you gotta whizz...prepare to step into an airplane sized bathroom literally right next to the kitchen...so hopefully you will not need to DO anything else there...hahaGreat eats tho, everyone in my party loved their dishes. Cheers.JP@
4	First off, the food is incredible. The menu is very simple and to the point. Don't let that fool you. I got the sausage corn dogs. YUMMY. A must try. Also the fried green tomato sandwich. The bread they use is quality and so tasty. I gave it 4 stars because I feel like the staff could be friendlier. And eventually, I'd love a bigger beer selection. Try. This. Place.
5	I don't normally write reviews... But this place is an exception!!!!! (I actually created an account just to review this place)The atmosphere is worth the trip alone, cool set up with outdoor seating (nice lights at night) and a rad mural on the fence. Super cool staff, real friendly!Anyway, THE FOOD, The food is amazing, I have been traveling the U.S for 2 months and I haven't tasted anything that would come close to this! I had the fried avocado po'boy and a side of Brussels sprouts.The Brussels sprouts were delicious, I think they were pan fried with oil and some herb, and the po'boy was probably the BEST THING I HAVE EVER EATEN! But seriously, it was delicious, And it's served with diced watermelon on the side, blends nicely, and whoever thought of deep fried avocado is a god dam genius!!!!  I wasn't sure what to expect when I got there, I was just going from the reviews on yelp. And they were right!So do yourself a favor and head on down to welcome diner and hook in to some of there great food!!! My only regret is that I leave tomorrow and only got to visit once :(
5	Sheer deliciousness! Had the sunrise... It was in a biscuit, absolutely delightful, very filling and superbly made.To add to that, the atmosphere is relaxed and laid back, and the experience is very different from the normal fare.The staff was pretty friendly and checked on us several times. (I guess it helps that you add the gratuity while ordering+paying, instead of after the meal?)
5	Part of the charm of this place is that it is in a poor residential neighborhood in downtown Phoenix, not far from 7th St.  Also, you could easily drive by and not even notice it exists.  So charming and the loveliest of dives you will ever visit (or shizzhoels as I call them).Now, about the food and experience.  When you walk inside there is only about 8 or so counter seats in what looks like a converted studio home/living room.  The feeling when you walk in however, is that someone beamed you into the 1950's.  Authentic and totally retro.Now, the best for last... the food is not your typical diner food.  Much more creative and original than any diner I have ever been to.  And being from NY I KNOW diners!  Practically grew up in them.  This diner, while having a VERY limited menu (when compared to any NY diner), each and every dish is incredible.  Try the Big Jim!  It will wow you... Fried Chicken breast  with cheddar, bacon, homemade biscuit buns and gravy.  Wowah!  (Oh, and definitely not the dish or the place to be if you wanna eat healthy!  More the once in a blue moon calorie splurge place... at least for me.)Oh and order off the menu the "Cannibal Fries".  Simply off the chain.  Fresh cut potato fries with caramelized onions, cheddar and homemade russian dressing.  (Deep Breath!)
4	Really 4.5 stars. I love riding my bike here and I love devouring their share fries.....I NEVER SHARE!!!!! Awesome neighborhood place!
5	My family and I went to Welcome Diner last night. So, there were several different items ordered and EVERYTHING was so good!  I had the fried avocado po'boy. The bread was toasted the perfect amount. There was a great pico de gallo and kale topping the fried avocado. That fried avocado was amazing! It was so creamy yet crunchy! Yum! My husband had the champion burger. He said it was really good, especially the bacon jam. My brother in-law has the big Jim. It was huge! A biscuit, giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!
5	One of my favorite spots in town. This place is amazing from the staff to the food ist incredible. The Po'boy Fish sandwich is really really good I get that and the Kiko i think... something along those lines is a breat burger.
5	Back when Welcome Diner was just burgers, hot dogs, and giant chocolate chip cookies served on greasy paper plates speckled with ants (or "protein sprinkles" as momma called 'em) it was simply a welcome diner. Now it's so much more than that.Have you ever watched someone hand you a glass of local red wine blend through a trailer window? How about a Sazerac? Well, it's time to change that. (Here I am assuming you said no. If you said yes, please un-see this section and continue.) When you start your meal with a southern throwback cocktail and finish it with homemade beignets, you best believe that whatever comes in between is going to knock your socks off. This is fine because you're probably sitting outside, so the dress code is pretty nonexistent, anyway.My crew ordered the three most talked-about items on the menu. The peanut butter burger is the safe option + a bit of "flare" that is essentially peanut sauce. The meat is delicious, as is the bun and everything else between it. We also had the Carol, which was a unique BBQ pulled pork & biscuit sandwich with slaw... a mustard-y spin on a stack of down-home delicious. Last but DON'T YOU EVER THINK LEAST, the Bumblebee fried chicken & biscuit sandwich with honey and amazing b&b pickles. Us Southerners opted to scoot the mustard to the side and let the honey shine, but you could probably do anything to this fried chicken and it would still be incr-edible. Just get it. Get a bucket of it.Now let's talk beignets. (Don't you wish people said that to you more often? You're welcome.) You can get them with powdered sugar & honey or peanut butter & jam. The waitress literally said the pb&j beignets were her favorite thing in the world, and then quickly added her daughter as a frontrunner to the favorites list. Not knowing her taste in dessert, or daughters for that matter, I trusted her immediately and was thrilled with the combination of light, lemony fried dough juxtaposed with fresh berries and creamy peanut butter. Ain't nothing wrong with the classic, but damn it, it's 2014. The matrimony between pb&j and beignet shouldn't even be questioned.TL;DR - The Welcome Diner isn't just tasty, it's soulful and lovely. Bring an insatiable appetite and leave with a permasmile.
4	Not too many diners get good reviews but this was a well deserved. Happy friendly staff. Locale is not the best but the food makes up for it. This was right of the plane and hungry place- good choice. They have a bloody merryish beer drink. Interesting!
4	My family was driving through Phoenix and told me they were stopping here. I was confused at first, as I had never seen this place, and it appeared to be I. A neighborhood. Don't let that fool you, just go. Everything was delicious. We got various different chicken biscuit sandwiches and burgers. Fries were great. Cole slaw was good, and I don't even like cole slaw. Very heaven food, may die after, but worth it at least once.
5	THIS PLACE is great. I love this joint. The staff is awesome and the food is great. Their grilled cheese is so good. I also love their beer selection and their full bar. I have a hard time decided what to order when I go here because everything looks so good. This place is tucked away and can easily be passed up, but don't make that mistake. I love it here.
5	Not your ordinary diner food , but with a great twist on food and drinks.A culinary find.  They use only the best and freshest local ingredients.Daily salads are a work of art.  Great people serving great food.
5	Holy shit!! You must eat here!! I live in the Bay Area and I still get cravings for that sandwich with buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it!! Why can't they be here in CA?! And that front porch tho!!! So sunny and warm! The staff and the customers who come here are awsome!
5	YOU.MUST.EAT.HERE! Everything is to delish but the burgers are to die for.The blue cheese burger is by far my fave but on our last visit we found it had been removed from the menu because they rotate the burgers out. Hesitantly, I tried the peanut butter burger....and oh.my.god! The oddest concoction, but delicious! Ps....please bring back ol' blue!!
5	It was a really cool environment and unique from the vast majority of the Phoenix area. We enjoyed their commitment to fresh and quality ingredients. Everything we ordered was delicious and reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and prompt. HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!
5	Loved. Super duper friendly service. The bumble bee was delicious and filling. Chicken was juicy and flavorful. They made me a margarita even though not on the menu. The boyfriend was very pleased they played the pixies. Casual, neighborhood vibe.
5	What a great place. The food is amazing, the portions are huge, and the atmosphere is friendly. I really enjoyed having the carol over fries, with slaw... yum.
4	Fun local place to hang out and grab a bite when it's a reasonable temperature outside. My bumblebee was excellent. They definitely have the fried chicken and biscuits down.  My friends' three burgers were all overcooked to well-done without the any hint of pink. They're not burger snobs like I am and had no complaints but i probably would have. I also felt the drinks were weak or watered down for $10 a pop. I'll probably be back to try some other food, but it wasn't a home-run as I had hoped.
5	Visiting from LA, looked for a place to eat late at night and found this place. Would recommend the Champion burger, pulled pork fries, sunrise biscuit, and beignets
5	Wow my friend found them on yelp what amazing food had welcome burger excellent.   Also had the corn dog appetizers wow the ladies I was with said it's the best hurricane they have ever had.  Great job guys a definite go to location for everyone. ..
5	I never write reviews but welcome diner gave me every reason to start. I bartend and serve at another local restaurant and have to give it to them for their excellent service. The guy behind the counter was so enthusiastic about the food, and was patient with us since it was our first time. I got the champion burger and shared the pork fries. WOW, definitely the best burger I've had in a while. Cooke perfectly med-rare and the flavors were perfect. They also had a great beer and cocktail list.. It's a must try, and I'm looking forward to coming back to try the fried chicken. YUM!
5	Tried the fried tomato sandwich, jackfruit sandwich, fries, and squash blossoms... all absolutely fantastic! We also really enjoyed the biscuit with jam for dessert. Everything about this place was great, there was plenty of parking and it wasn't crowded on a Saturday night. The chef and staff were friendly, funny, and so much fun. The diner lived up to its name and if I had one last/first/only meal in Phoenix it would be here.
5	Ahhhh! The best burger I think I've had! (the champion?) This place has redeemed my first impression of Phoenix! My beloved and I were just passing through. Phoenix was hot (really hot), congested, and filled with erratic drivers, leading to stress and grumpiness. The Welcome Cafe took us in with open arms. Awesome food, awesome drinks, awesome people. We laughed and joked with everyone at the bar like they were family. We'd be here at least once a week if we lived here. Well Done!!
5	Had the Mac and Cheese with Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy with fried chicken. Both were hands down the amazing!! The restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating. A great place with character and its open late. A MUST TRY while you are in the Phoenix Downtown Area.
4	Food is delicious!! We were not aware there was an inside until halfway through our visit, but sitting outside under the misters was just fine!  I had the pulled pork fries and some poutine! Both were delicious!! The pulled pork has somes mustardy type sauce on it that is quite unusual but good!  The poutine is made with a white gravy and American cheese instead of the traditional brown gravy and cheese curds but very delicious and american dinerish.  Would definitely order again! I also had a hurricane, omg, sooo good! Loved it, really fruity and refreshing!!  My friend had the burger that he said was very good!! I look forward to going back and trying more things!
5	So loved this quirky little diner.  Ate here last night and everything was DELISH!    I had the fried chicken sandwich , man oh man chicken doesn't get crunchier than that!  Also had a gin tonic made with their small batch tonic syrup.  My boyfriend had an amazing burger and as thought that wasn't enough we shared the Mac & cheese, so light and airy, wonderful.  If you are on a diet his is not the place to visit lol. But, if you want amazing comfort food at a great price you've found your spot.
5	Was my first time there...I loved it! ! I got the big jim I think..it was biscuits and gravy bacon and fried chicken! !! Mmmm delicious! ! Also ordered the hurricane drink during happy hour it was 6$ such a summer refreshing drink! !
5	What a positive experience, two for two. Ask for the Jack Fruit po-boy, you won't believe it. No it's not pulled pork it's pure veggie. The drinks are marvelous, they make their own ginger beer, it's not on the menu but ask for a dark and stormy.
5	The closer I move to Welcome, the fatter I'll get. Everything is that good. I reminds me of little food bars in New Orleans' Irish Channel. And save room for a cocktail or punch. Indoor seating is super limited, so be careful in arizona summers
4	Love this place. Awesome eats. Kick ass staff. Late night hours. Fabulous Tuesday night.
5	Got the Carol, brussel sprouts, and insanely delicious mac. Melted with different kinds of cheese and blow torched to a perfect crisp. Deeeeeeelish
5	First time here and I have no problem giving them five stars.   We had wonderful service provided by Mikey and Drea.  Clayton was the chef and man can he cook. Wonderful food, fun and personality.  Highly recommend the big Jim!
1	While driving around town my friend and I came across the welcome diner. I've seen it before during an art festival but never had the chance to eat there. Remember that day I told my friend we should try it. When we arrived to the window where you order food the customer service was horrible and very unfriendly. The guy that was taking our order was just rude and not happy at all. It seem like he was upset about something and was taking it on us. It was our first time being there and I would of thought that the guy would of mention the daily special or even recommend he's favorite dish but instead was so commanding and rude. To make matters worse; we did not get our food until an hour later. The burger was dry and not tasty. There was no love to the burger. I don't think I'll go back or recommend this place to my friends or family.
5	Oh my, I just have to say that this place is a knock your socks kind of meal.  I had the Big Jim, the flavor and and taste is insane..... This reminds me of one of those spots you run into in California.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed....
5	I was right, coming back more has made this place grow on me. The hurricanes are so much better than they were before and the food is amazing. The staff is all great and I've become friends with several of them. Try the jackfruit fries, O.M.G.
5	Great neighborhood location, great laid back environment (outdoor seating only), extremely friendly staff, and a deliciously unique menu. We'll be coming here often!
5	I'm so glad I tried this place after a friend recommended it to me. I ordered the Champion burger with fries. The burger was so good. It was perfectly juicy and the bacon jam was JAMMIN!  there is mostly outside seating. When we went the inside seating was all taken. They have really friendly staff, too! I can't wait to come back and try more of the food.
5	This place is amazing and worth the drive if you're not from the area. Everything we ordered was delicious and cooked perfectly. Fresh, local ingredients which makes this place even more awesome!!! Service is super friendly and the ambiance is very chill-like you're in an old friends back yard! We ordered the big Jim, fish po boy, and the poutine...if we weren't so full we would have ordered seconds!!! Definitely going back!
5	I have eaten almost everything on the menu at least twice I think.  Bloody Mary, hurricanes are well done and there is a good beer selection. High quality food in a relaxed setting.
5	I highly recommend this place...the food is mostly locally sourced...it's fresh...tasty...reasonably priced...outdoor seating available...a laid back vibe...started by 5 friends with varying artistic talents...very friendly and accommodating...
4	I love the atmosphere more than anything else.As a visitor to Phoenix, I am not use to this heat but the calm warm nights are the perfect setting for outdoor seating (though there is a small indoor diner bar). There are plenty of tables, lights and a gatorade water cooler to satisfy that thirst.I got the Big Jim and a side of Brussels sprouts ($14 total).  Brussels Sprouts are cut large and I felt they could have been cooked down a bit more or cut smaller for my liking.  The Big Jim on the other hand was quite tasty.  Fried Chicken, Biscuit and Gravy.  How good is that?  Oh, there is bacon and cheese too....damn. I would ask for extra gravy on the side next time.Watermelon on the side was a perfect pairing to this rich dish.Compostable cup, +1
4	Love the atmosphere at this place, and the fact that the food is great, too, makes this one of our favorite neighborhood haunts. With just a few counter seats inside the trailer that houses this diner-style joint, you may want to order through the window and post up at one of the many outdoor tables, especially if you're with a group. Try a cocktail to start while you wait for your order - they're strong but delicious, typically served in mason jars or goblets, which matches the laid back vibe of the place. There are a number of great dishes here, but among the best are the Fried Green Tomato sandwich and the poutine. The tomatoes are perfectly fried, light and crispy, with greasy flavor enhanced by the slightly sweet zest of corn relish and the subtle heat of chipotle sauce. Served on toasted local bread, it's got just the right amount of crunch and flavor. Plus, it's unlike any sandwich you'll see on other menus around town. The poutine is also a must-try. Served with country-style gravy and perfectly distributed melted cheese on top of thin, crispy fries, it's not a traditional poutine but one of the most delicious versions in the Valley. If gravy's not your thing, the fries are just as delicious on their own. Other highlights include the fried chicken sandwiches, which come in a number of variations featuring ingredients like honey, country gravy, and buffalo sauce. Although the biscuits they're served atop can be a bit dense, the chicken is perfectly moist and flavorful and never too greasy. The side of watermelon completes this southern-themed dish. And, if you're a burger lover, try one here. The meat is well-cooked with great flavor and the patties are perfectly portioned. The service at Welcome Diner is casual but friendly and efficient. You'll get real attentiveness at the counter and maybe some small talk. Don't expect anything too formal - this is definitely a neighborhood joint, but you can tell the staff takes pride in their place of employment. And why wouldn't they? After all, Welcome Diner is a true neighborhood gem.
4	Cool diner in the middle of my changing neighborhood. Lots of wild conversations , no space inside and the kitchen is Right in ur face! My friend Olivia was drinkin something sweet lol, and I'm not sure what it was called but good mix! Enjoyed the bumble bee chicken sandwich , dijon mustard and honey on top of the bread was bomb!I didn't sit outside but it looked nice , but I did dig the inside and enjoyed myself. This place is hipsterific and I'm fine with that, come here for a different taste of Phx...4 STARS
5	May I just say that the service and food here is awesome?!I'm in the industry myself and don't like going into a restaurant so close to closing, but we were hungry for good food and they just so happened to be open. The service and food we received was very good quality. They serve burgers provided by Niman Ranch and have an open bar. John Luther (Awesome name, btw!) took our order and was very friendly the entire time. The three of us ordered the No Way Jose Burger which came with a choice of fries or cole slaw. The price is pretty reasonable: $10.75 for the burger and fries. We each also ordered 3 Hess Cream Ales and 3 burgers for a grand total of $55.82. The atmosphere was very chill and the clientele, for the hour, was very friendly. We will definitely be coming back here again soon! Especially since it's only a few blocks away!Also, shout out to Dreya(?), our chef for the night. Great job!
4	Ordered a grilled cheese at 5:15 pm with 6 people there.  Took a longer than expected, but was super tasty by the time we got it at 5:45.  The whole menu looks really good.
5	DUDE. Gnarliest food. EVER. We stopped here on our way back from phoenix to California. Hubs had the carol, coleslaw, and fries and I had the watermelon,  tomato and arugula salad. OMG. Every BITE had flavor. Wayne. .is it wayne? Dude, I don't even know but he was super hospitable and welcoming and great all around. The food was out of this world.yum.dude. LOVE.
5	Great food. Great little whole in the neighborhood.  Great people.  Recommend to anyone looking for good food in Phoenix.
5	A hole in the wall that blows the mind!  Incredible food and fun atmosphere.  We sat inside and watched the master Jose  work his magic. Unusual combinations that awe and inspire. John and his girlfriend are delightful and definitely NOT hipster.
4	Great food! Had the Big Jim and it lived up to the BIG part, bacony and gravy-y and delicious. The coffee was good too. This is a great brunch spot.
5	Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall
3	Thank you again fellow Yelpers!  I tried this place based on your reviews and I am happy that I did!Tonight I had the PB&B burger.  Crunchy peanut butter, B&B pickles, bacon and cheddar.  I selected fries over coleslaw.  I also upgraded for $3 to Poutine fries.  Add on tasty beignets dusted in local honey and powdered sugar for desert.What are Poutine fries you ask?  They are the staple food in the Toronto area.  French fries smothered in country gravy and melted cheese.  A little to crazy for your taste buds?  No worries.  They have normal food too.  Welcomediner.net
4	Tried Welcome Diner for the first time tonight.  We did only try the Hurricanes but will definitely be back to try the biscuits. The place is very unique.  We sat outside and it was kind of like sitting in someone's backyard.  They have a walk up window if you chose to sit outside or you can sit inside at the small counter. It was happy hour all day since it was Tuesday.  Awesome!! Service as polite and quick. The Hurricanes were refreshing but not strong. Don't let the neighborhood or decor scared tour away. Can't wait to come back and try the food and other cocktails.
5	Awesome! Great home cooked food. The watermelon salad with pickled rind and goats cheese is a gluten free DELIGHT!
5	SO delicious. my husband and i stopped by last night for dinner (after months of talking about coming down). first of all, the place is adorable. it was not insanely hot last night (finally!), so we were excited to sit outside and enjoy some awesome food. i ordered the pulled jackfruit po'boy, my husband ordered the chicken parm special, and we shared a side of fries.wow. just... awesome. as a vegetarian, it's sometimes a bummer to eat a veggie burger or vegetable sandwich over and over again. nothing makes me happier than to find a menu that has something really cool (and vegan) that i can eat. the po'boy was not easy to eat (my only gripe!), but i definitely did my best and ended up using a fork to scoop up the jackfruit that didn't make it in the sandwich. the bbq sauce is awesome, just the right amount of salty, sweet, spicy, and tangy. the coleslaw was fantastic as well, and the baguette it came on was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. so yummy.my husband really liked the chicken parm, but can't wait to come back to try the bumblebee biscuit. the fries were also awesome, nice and crispy with a really yummy herbed aioli.service was great. beer was local and delicious. food was wonderful. music was fun and super loud. all in all, definitely worth five stars.
5	Proof that art can come from a two burner kitchen. Laughably small kitchen creates some very big tastes. Plan to go on a cool night and enjoy the great patio. Not an indoor diner, it's soul food and stars. Big Jim, Cannibal fries and Coke in a bottle. Great experience, I'll be back.
4	I love this place ! such a big variety of delicious meals to order. No WayJose burger is the best, i think so:) Service is amazing. The only minus is that it is always busy there.
5	Found out about this place via a Yelp email that was advertising places in my area. After checking out the reviews and the menu, my wife and I decided to grab a late dinner here on a Friday night. As soon as we arrived I noticed this place just had an awesome vibe to it. Friendly staff, laid back patio seating, and the food is beyond amazing. We had the Fried Green Tomato sandwich, Little Birdy fried chicken biscuit, Fries, and a glass bottle Coke (the kind sweetened with real sugar). In a nutshell: Love this place. We'll be going back again and again.
5	Absolutely loved our food and the atmosphere. The service was amazing as well. Also loved fact they buy their food locally.  I got the champion burger and it was the best burger I've ever had anywhere. The bacon jam is really a hidden treasure. We'll be coming back hopefully every weekend. Thanks welcome diner for providing an awesome experience.
5	Wow what amazing food and fantastic service. My group got 2 big jims, a bumblebee, poutine, and the welcome burger along with 3 old fashions. The drinks were served right away with the food very shortly after. All of the items were amazing and we will definitely be back many many many times.
3	We were looking around for a restaurant to go to in the Phoenix area & saw the raving reviews on Yelp of Welcome Diner in the heart of Phoenix, so we decided to stop by. It is completely in the middle of no where ... and in fact, for a minute or two as we were driving down Roosevelt St, we really thought that Siri was getting us lost. We got to the diner at the perfect time, however, because they were just turning on the lights and the small outdoor restaurant space was illuminated, making for a perfect setting to enjoy a Saturday night meal.As far as the food goes, I left thinking, "yes, fried chicken, absolutely delicious ... Everything else? Well, it was just alright."We ordered two Hurricanes for drinks and a Bumblebee, a Big Jim, and the Poutine Fries for our meal. It was still happy hour (goes from 3p-7p ... pleasantly surprised that it was also on a Saturday), so the Hurricanes and Poutine Fries were $6 each (instead of regular price, $8). The Hurricanes were tasty but after a few sips, it kind of tasted like orange juice & liquor (not complaining, just saying it wasn't anything fancy). The Poutine Fries, in my opinion, had too much gravy but my date enjoyed them. I kind of wish we would've just gotten a plate of their regular fries because the fries themselves were really good. Their sandwiches were of course huge, very messy, and a little difficult to eat, but the fried chicken with the honey on the Bumblebee was so tasty, it was worth it. I removed the chicken off the biscuits and the biscuits were ignored; also, I thought that the honey mustard was unnecessary and I'm not a huge fan of pickles so I picked those off too. I'd say that I really wouldn't mind just ordering fried chicken and honey next time if/when we go back. My date enjoyed the Big Jim. He liked the combination of cheese, gravy, and chicken all together.The people who worked there were really nice and came by and asked us if everything was good. After a while though, I could feel that what I had eaten was way too heavy. In hindsight, I probably would've ventured to try the Vegan Jackfruit Po'Boy or the fish po'boy since those seem like lighter options.Definitely a place worth checking out ... Just not one that I'd visit frequently.
4	I drive by this place all the time and I never stopped cuz all the hipsters, but so glad I took a nice stroll from mi amigas casa to do so bcus this place is super. I got the eggplant parm special. The breading for the eggplant was on point but I realized I'm not a fan of soggy bread so that kills it cuz you need the sauce. Supper yummy sandy though! I also tried the Bumble Bee. It is served on a biscuit (so warm/so soft) fried chix w/a bourbon mustard sauce, mmmm bread and butter pickles and sits in honey all fancy. This is a tasty eat....although be warned the mustard saucy is a tad kicky w/the bourbon, was a suprise for me! Anyways so worth going, open late and I love eating outside picnic table style.
5	I tried the pull jackfruits po' boy(vegan) the first time, loved it! and the fish po' boy the second time and oh boy was I happy  with the fish po' boy since I'm a  pescatarian, it was probably the best fish sandwich I've had. I want to go again and try everything I can eat. Also please try the honey soaked beignets they serve so you can die happy.
5	Had a great meal with the wife and kids. It would have been a great night to sit out on the patio, but we were happy we chose to take up 4 of the 9 seats inside this charming old and very small diner. The staff were very friendly and we all enjoyed watching their team get the food out of that tiny kitchen. We were made to feel very welcome and in speaking to the staff it was obvious that they had great pride in the restaurant. They passed along some history on the building, formerly from Winslow. We loved the fact that we were sitting in a piece of genuine Americana. Ordered the andouille corn dogs and pulled pork topped fries for a starter, they were great! The Mac n cheese, burgers and chicken biscuit that followed were also excellent. We washed them down with pumpkin porters and bottled cokes. And the beignets we were served for dessert were equally delicious. Bottom line. We left stuffed and happy. A very memorable meal expectedly crafted by a great team. We will be back.
5	It's an old train car style diner. The food is amazing, as are the drinks(they make their own tonic and other cocktail ingredients). I am pretty sure that all or most of the food ingredients are bought locally. The wait staff are almost all local artists and musicians(as are a lot of the customers), interesting and friendly people, who are great for striking up a conversation with. The secret ingredient in Welcome Diner is love. Also, children's cough syrup. Anyways, it's an amazing place, get off your duff and go.
5	Definitely my favorite diner in AZ. Such a friendly staff! And the Hurricanes... BEST DRINK omg! This place is a must if you are in the neighborhood!
5	I'm only in Phoenix for a few days but I'm tellin ya I will be coming back here before I leave. Hospitality: the best. Ever. Food: I tried the welcome burger medium rare AND IT WAS SO GOOD. Definitely gonna try the Mac and cheese with chorizo next time. The people that work here might as well be family; they're a really tight knit group and we had two of the employees come talk to us--Mike and Wayne: really cool chill guys. You might at first be weirded out by the location (it's in the middle of a bunch of houses) but it adds to the homely feeling it experienced while at the welcome diner.
5	Just finished having dinner here with my girlfriend. The environment is very hipster, small area, not crowded, and clean. Price was fair, just like any other restaurant. The service was outstanding. Very friendly and very courteous. I've worked in customer service for many years, and these guys sure know how to deliver quality service.Will definitely be returning.
5	I finally get a chance to taste "the bumble bee" that I've seen on the yelp tease pics. Why did it have to be so good? I'm supposed to be 80% gluten free gosh darn! I'm going to have to increase my weekly indulgences to 2 1/2 because Phoenix makes being good very difficult. I'll say the mustard competes with the pickles, but doesn't mess up the sandwich. Oh do these people know exactly what they are doing with the honey on top! Honey and pickles on one sandwich together in perfect harmony (swoon). Chik-fool-a can kiss my diversity after this sandwich. Not that I've eaten there since --you know-- but it was something to miss. My sister had the "big Jim" and man is that a lot of gravy. Nothing was wrong in that sandwich other than ordering it with a side which would make you glutton of the year. (She ordered the Mac n'cheese with it and I hope she never reads this).  Don't do it, your stomach can only expand so much! To conclude: yum.
5	Oh my Lordy, this place is great! The cocktails with fresh ingredients and yummy!! The food is awesome and the staff is so much fun, professional and great! The fried green tomato sandwich, the mac & cheese with chorizo AND bacon and the Carol - yum!!! We are coming back! The drive from Cave Creek is worth it!!!
5	You want amazing food try this place. The pulled pork fries are delicious. As is the ginger beer and take the recommendation of the staff you won't be disappointed!
5	There was a little blurb of a review in the Arizona Republic newspaper over the Thanksgiving weekend about the Big Jim Sandwich and the Beignets here. Beignets, you say? Yes please. I thought it would be a good place to take dear papa for lunch; turns out they open at 5 pm. So we made our way through rush hour traffic from north Phoenix to this "middle of nowhere" place on a Tuesday night. I expected small but I didn't expect teeny tiny. However, the warm and genuinely friendly service- YEP we felt WELCOME - more than made up for the close quarters.Our fish po'boys  and beignets in local honey were SUPERB! Totally worth the adventure.
4	Quaint little place. My hipster friends love it, and I thought it was good, though it didn't quite live up to the hype. I do dig the look and locale, but the was a major bee issue the day I ate there. It was very hard to enjoy the juicy burger they cooked up for me while I was constantly ducking and dodging the damn bees. Though good, I felt it wasn't a lot of bang for my buck. $10 and some change for a burger and a side of hashbrowns (plus they ask for a tip on the tablet from which you order before you get served, which is kinda out of order). I'll still give it a 4 because this little place has heart...and character.
5	Our first time to Welcome Diner we opted to go for brunch. I had the Big Jim and my husband had the Holy Puerco and a Brass Monkey (yep, that's served as a brunch cocktail). It was all freakin' delicious! The Big Jim is definitely big, stacked with fried chicken, melted cheddar, bacon and delicious gravy on a homemade biscuit. I was in hog heaven! The Holy Puerco was fried grits layered with pulled pork, house-made, tangy South Carolina BBQ sauce, a fried egg, chicharrones and a side of hash browns. Holy Puerco indeed!!! It was sooo good. That sauce was the very best part. I was happy to see their ingredients were locally sourced and just about everything was made in-house. Quality! We definitley want to come back to try dinner one night and we will absolutely be bringing friends here in the future. The staff was awesome (and very entertaining) and the ambiance was very laid back. Can't wait to come back! Thanks Welcome Diner!
4	I'm one of those Yelpers who passively reads reviews but rarely writes one. I only write reviews when A meal is inexcusably terrible, or when a meal ..... Hold on I have to eat these beignets before I finish my review.... Ok I'm back...... Or when a meal is so delicious that it makes me moan with ecstasy . As you may have guessed, this is a  review inspired by the latter.  I'm usually a silent eater , but I was literally moaning and groaning the entire meal. Generous portions, very friendly (and cute) staff, and ummmmmm. ..... Secret menu desert selections. I won't even attempt to try to put the meal into words because the description wouldn't do it justice. So just check out the pics below. I was almost hesitant to write this review bc I didn't want more people to come to this place, but these guys deserve all the credit ! Good job Welcome Diner! I am a believer ! Pictured: the big Jim, PB burger, poutine (the one Canadian export I enjoy), and super secret beignets with peanut butter, honey, and raspberry pear preserve.
5	Strongly recommend the cheese sandwich.  Love the heavy cream with smooth Blue House coffee.
5	Definitely one of the best places to eat in Phoenix. Food is always solid and atmosphere is laid back. Our favorite place to take people
5	Went to celebrate with family and friends and had Delicious Bloody Mary's and feasted on some good ole homemade food for the Soul!  Holy Puerco is The headliner followed by the Bumble bee !  Had a bite of the  peanut butter burger and it was delicious!   Come check them out!   Cool spot!
4	Favorite spot for a relaxed hang out with amazing food and drinks. It's southern/comfort food prepared with fresh ingredients... Believe it or not, welcome diner is also a great spot to have a killer salad! Also, you gotta try the pulled pork sandwich -- "The Carol."
5	Welcome Diner is a tiny little spot downtown. You walk-up and order and food is brought outside to large picnic tables basically in the front yard of an old house. The staff was super-friendly, hip and cool. Food was great! Hash browns were perfectly crispy on the outside, soft inside. Fried chicken smothered in cream gravy was delicious! Beignets with honey & powdered sugar so yummy :)
5	Came here for brunch with my girlfriend. First time in Phoenix , she wanted to take me to Braggs since she lives downtown but the wait was crazy. I had the welcome breakfast and it was the best breakfast I've had in a long time. The biscuit, hash browns and bacon were amazing, my girlfriend got the grilled cheese w the tomato confit and inhaled it .. guess it was pretty good! Loved it! Perfect new years day brunch!
5	Top Leaf Tree Service is the best! Outstanding job removing my tree. Cleaned up the yard better than expected. I would recommend Top Leaf to anyone that needs to remove a tree.
4	Favorite spot for a relaxed hang out with amazing food and drinks. It's southern/comfort food prepared with fresh ingredients... Believe it or not, welcome diner is also a great spot to have a killer salad! Also, you gotta try the pulled pork sandwich.
4	Really enjoyed it!  It's got a great atmosphere, the staff is polite and they were extremely patient (I had just come from a concert and had to pay in all singles).  Food is a bit pricey, but not too unreasonable.  Overall positive experience.
5	Great little place with fantastic food and drinks. The local hipsters seem to dig it, but it's a family-friendly neighborhood joint too. Small bar inside and picnic tables on the outside patio encourage a community atmosphere. We ended up having a nice conversation with a guy who sat down at our table. :)
5	Amazing little neon diner with counter with stools inside and a large comfortable patio out, with umbrellas and heaters.  Sitting at the counter is the best, as its fun to chat with the bartender and watch the food being prepared in the tiny kitchen.  Best Old Fashioned ever and burger was specially good as well.  Beignets? Yes!Very fun place to go late night too.
4	OMG. A must visit when in Phoenix !!! Maybe it is just because I love real food and of course real drink. So my second visit to the Welcome Diner was much delayed with conflicting travel schedules that did not bring me here in time for a masterful dinner sooner. My loss... Check out the pics this time around. Biscuits Gravy - Fried chicken - Yes FRIED EGGS (2)- Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and of course red slaw. Well cardiologists you must be jealous. Drink order:   "Black Cat" = Bourbon rocks +  splash of Absinthe. Drink of the Kentucky Gods.     Only request would be that they stock some Old Smokey Shine in a Mason Jar of course.
