5	They offer eLiquid at very affordable pricing.  The eJuice is mixed in house to order which is convenient and nice if you don't want the typical 20/80, 50/50 or 30/70 mix.  All juice is made to order and cheap pricing!
5	Very knowledgeable staff.  They make all their eJuice to order in house fresh!   Lots of flavors and can make the eLiquid in any Nic level.   Very spacious store.
5	Javi is great! I was new to vaping and he took the time to show us the different kits and styles. They have great Ejuices that they mix in house and the pricing was fair. They also have some sweet Jdm air fresheners! Its a nice store in the Scottsdale area with a chill atmosphere.  Stop by and enjoy mixing some of your own juice!
5	Seriously great customer service and excellent pricing. Javier is a down to earth gentleman that truly understands the meaning of serving amazing customer service. If you are in the area this is a definite go to shop!!!!
5	Best pricing in the valley imo ! When I first came in had great service and still do to this day ! Me a Javier are good friends and meet new people everyday . Best shop around !
5	Best vape shop in the valley,  best prices,  best costumer service.  I'll never go anywhere else.
5	loved my experience here. You can tell right away that he just wants his customers to leave happy..and i love that shit!  make and create your own from the extensive list of flavors or try one of the house made juice concoctions!We left with four bottles of delicious creations.. i will def be back!keep up the great flavors and great customer experience!
5	Saw this on yelp and decided to check it out. So happy I did because these guys are fantastic. They had knowledge of every product and even make custom vape flavors for you while your waiting. The possibilities are endless with these guys. Great prices too.
5	Place is great. Friendly staff, great customer service.
5	Excellent Vape spot, they mix your juice right on the spot and serve it up fresh. They have dwarfed any shop I have visited in So Cal as far as the quality of their product and customer service.I've paid 5 dollars for some stale pre-mixed juice and couldn't be happier with getting a custom blend for 6 dollars, 15ml and no cost for mixing, and custom nic levels by the digit. Above and beyond the call of Gaping, Freshop is a must stop for Vapers in the greater phoenix area.
5	Im so glad I found this vape store, its got it all, parts for my vaporizer, and the variety of Ejuice is incredible, over a hundred flavors in prefilled, labeled tanks w/ rubber tips, and charged batteries in a carousel display in the center of the shop. They also let u pick any strength nicotine, 0% on up, and the PG/VG ratio u want, or 100% pure VG. Its custom made 4u, I watched them do it, and I watched, ... So yes it takes a few min. to prepare, but worth the wait.
