1	I was trying to rent a condo through Re/Max.I was scammed. They took my $100.00 then would not tell me why I was denied. I meet all of the requirements they said I needed. They said I would get the reason I was not approved in the mail. Well guess what by then it will be too late. I will no longer be living at that addressThank you / Max anthem for being no help. I had to call you even to find out that I was denied. If I had waited for you to contact me I would probably have only a day to find a new place to live.I called a few times to try and get information on my application and everything I could never find someone that knew anything. Apparently they don't want to rent property out.It also would have been nice not have been dragged along. When I went to turn in my application they made it sound like I had it in the bad. Saying things to another employee like" should I make this place as rented?". If they knew from the start that I wouldn't get approved it wI was trying to rent a condo through Re/Max.I was scammed. They took my $100.00 then would not tell me why I was denied. I meet all of the requirements they said I needed. They said I would get the reason I was not approved in the mail. Well guess what by then it will be too late. I will no longer be living at that addressThank you / Max anthem for being no help. I had to call you even to find out that I was denied. If I had waited for you to contact me I would probably have only a day to find a new place to live.I called a few times to try and get information on my application and everything I could never find someone that knew anything. Apparently they don't want to rent property out.It also would have been nice not have been dragged along. When I went to turn in my application they made it sound like I had it in the bad. Saying things to another employee like" should I mark this place as rented?" after going over my application right in front of me. If they knew from the start that I wouldn't get approved it would have been nice to know then and not to have my time and much needed money around the holidays. Needless to say I won't ever rent or buy anything from Re/Max. Thank you for taking my money that I work extremely hard for and wasting my time!ould have been nice to know then and not to have my time and much needed money around the holidays. Needless to say I won't ever rent or buy anything from Re/Max. Thank you for taking my money that I work extremely hard for and wasting my time!
1	I had contacted Laura about viewing a property in Henderson and she promptly emailed me a list of properties and asked me to send her an email with my phone number and what days worked best for us. I replied with my cell phone number, the properties we were interested in and what days worked best for us. I never got a response after that, which was a Saturday , then on Wednesday morning she sent an email saying that she needed my phone number, followed by a very rude email later that night, telling me that she does not do business for fun and that I apparently missed an appointment with her that day. I had never tried to track her down because she mentioned in her first email about how busy she was, and she never had gotten back to me, so I found someone else.It sounds to me like maybe she should be less busy and learn to treat clients with respect. I'd never do business with someone who was too unorganized to actually read her emails and inform the client of an actual appointment, then turn around and blame the client! What a piece of work!!!
1	These people are complete uncaring thieves. Dont deal with them for any reason. They could care less after u sign a lease and will nickel and dime u to death. 50.00 for a light bulb etc etc. They belong in prison for their behavoir. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	These reviews are so true...STAY AWAY FROM ALL OWNED BY TIM KUPTZ AND JOAN KUPTZ. I can NEVER recommend anyone go to this man or his businesses. He owns ReMax in Summerlin and I believe Henderson too. I had a situation in which his broker for Summerlin, Sandra Thomas was evasive and never spoke to my agent, we explained everything to her assistant and eventually her about my situation, I have THREE Shih Tzus, which are incidentally service dogs and cannot be denied housing or charged anything for being in the house and I have a 20 month old son. I am coming to Vegas to open a business and have already paid for the business, own a house in Florida I am selling and have a rental property on Miami Beach with a paid off mortgage (no mortgage on the more expensive house for sale). I additionally have funds in bank accounts and these were provided for Sandra Thomas with MORE THAN sufficient funds to pay rent, in fact I even offered to pay up front if there were an issue. We arrived at the rental property at 9:30 am the day I was leaving after not having found anything, we had a list to look at, nothing was great but for this first home despite having carpet upstairs (PEOPLE IN NEVADA, DITCH THE CARPET, SO 80'S, SO UNSANITARY, SO RETRO AND DIRTY AND A GERM FACTORY). By 10am, after confirming there were no other offers on the home, we brought my application, proof of funds and BTW I HAVE EXCELLENT CREDIT, and the 75 dollar application fee, which is more than most charge, average is 25-50 Dollars a few at 75 and even fewer have the nerve to go higher. After 24 hours of hearing nothing we contacted them to be told Sandra was too busy to talk to my agent but the assistant relayed that the home went to another applicant. THERE WAS NO OTHER WHEN I APPLIED meaning they collected another $75 from another applicant and pocketed it and let the owners pick and choose without even telling us the outcome. This may be legal but it is unethical. I attempted to resolve this with Sandra who was rude, arrogant, condescending, preached to me that I would not understand Federal Law (I guess being a broker comes with a JD now? Funny I am the daughter of a lawyer and know a lot about the law, much more than most and certainly more than Sandra). She was hostile to me, my agent and his broker and rude. In efforts to find her boss I found a more prominent profile wrote to him, Bob Ratliff, who is a great guy and I feel bad this seems to have got him in trouble with these two pieces of work, he offered to refund my money. He is actually just an agent under her but should be her boss frankly, the money, for the sake of integrity and the sake of a relationship, was coming out of his pocket. Tim Kuptz put an end to that and insisted he COULD NOT refund me my 75 dollars. In addition I am assuming they punished him and forced him to write a review on Yelp under my one star review of Sandra Thomas but that will be removed as he is an employee, it just amazes me they would rather pocket 75 dollars than build relationships not to mention their unethical business practices. NEVER USE TIM KUPTZ.
