4	The staff is very friendly. The rooms while a little dated are clean. Every room has a mini refrig, microwave and coffee maker, a big plus in my eyes, I love every morning you can go and enjoy a lovely free breakfast inside or out on the deck or even back at your room. At Night they have fresh coffee and cookies if you are looking for a snack, The hotel is well located to shopping and night life. This is the only place I will stay when I come to Scottsdale,
4	I stayed here on my last night in Scottsdale.  The room was nice.  The beds were clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was nice.  I did have a problem turning on the shower.  It really took some elbow grease to get it to turn on.  Another complaint that I would have is that in the middle of the night there was some very loud noise that woke me up.  I can't really say what it was, but I got out of bed to investigate because it sounded like a plane landed right outside my window.  I did not see one though.  I was impressed that they had enough towels for four people so I did not have to call to request more.  I also enjoyed the hot breakfast i had in the morning.  I had a western omelet, sausage patty and seasoned potatoes.  Overall I felt that the room was very clean and well worth the money.
5	What a treat, we were so pleasantly surprised by this friendly, clean, accommodating hotel.  We were visiting family for Thanksgiving and with a family of 5 it can be a challenge finding a decent inexpensive hotel that allows 5 in a room.  The suite was perfect with 2 queen beds and a pull out couch in the other room.  A full size refrigerator, sink, coffee maker, 2 burners, microwave and toaster were in the kitchen area.  They had a basket filled with coffee, hot chocolate, and microwave popcorn.  My kids were in heaven.  The lobby always had lemon water, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and fruit.  On Thanksgiving when we came home from dinner there was also pumpkin and apple pie.  Often cookies or other treats were available in the lobby at no cost.  The breakfast is only lavish, not the standard cold cereal and waffle iron, but they had eggs, potatoes, meats, oatmeal, yogurts, fruits and tons of breads/pastries.  Not up to my standards of yumminess, but the kids loved it.  My husband had forgot his shaving cream, no problem they were happy to provide for him.  As we left for the day we were offered bottled water.  I would definitely come back again and recommend this hotel to friends and family!
5	I really had a good stay at this hotel. They staff was extraordinarily friendly. They offered me water upon arrival, which was very appreciated. The room was clean and spacious. I was supposed to be there for 6 days, though l left earlier than planned. On the 3rd day, they left me some milk and cookies in my room.  Very nice! the breakfast was pretty good.
4	I have spent many nights in this place due to work and its one of the nicer hamptons in the area by that I mean newer. If you do stay here I say upgrade to the suite for 10 bucks more. Breakfast is free and pretty reasonable for it being free. They also offer a courtesy shuttle which is nice and its close to the new outdoor malls.
3	In general, a very nice place to stay.  Located very conveniently, clean and friendly staff.  The breakfast, while convenient, is what you would expect from a free hotel breakfast.  The 24-hour coffee was nice.  Great Mexican restaurant next door.A few small problems and one large one:  the room smelled like they were trying to mask smoke or some other odor with a heavy dose of air freshener; noisy AC; Hot and Cold labels on shower reversed (a problem for a 7-year old), the bathroom door knob fell off.  The big problem was the bed...we reserved two queen sized beds as we were three people.  However, when we arrived, we were given one King sized bed and they couldn't make the change.  Two adults and a 7-year old in one bed for 4 nights = not very much sleep!
4	I spent two nights at this particular Hampton Inn, which is located just a few blocks south of Scottsdale Rd and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. I didn't use much of the hotel amenities as all I needed was a place to sleep while plumbing repairs were being performed at my home. I found it to be very pleasant and the staff to be very friendly. The inn was very clean and looked like it was a fairly new building. As I first walked into my room, the very first thing I noticed was how wonderful the room smelled and how clean everything looked. The room I resided in had a television, microwave, small refrigerator, coffee pot with complimentary coffee along with typical condiments, a desk, and an individual HVAC unit attached to the wall. My room also included a bathroom with the usual clean towels, shampoo, conditioner, and soap. The facility also offers free Wifi with your last name and room number as your access code. My surroundings weren't loud so I slept well except for the fact that I went to bed late and had to get up for work the following morning. One other additional amenity I partook in was the complimentary breakfast; specifically, I opted for the breakfast on the go, which consisted of a brown bag with bottle of water, muffin, apple, fruit bar, and mints.The location this Hampton Inn is situated in is pretty ideal as it is about a 7 or 8 mile drive away from the shopping, clubs, and fine dining of Downtown Scottsdale. The shopping and fine dining is also just a hop, skip, and jump away within the immediate area. This is also an ideal spot for out-of-towners visiting to attend the Barrett-Jackson auction and Phoenix Open Golf Tournament that occur within the area in late January and early February. All-in-all, I highly recommend the Hampton Inn & Suites located in North Scottsdale for out-of-state visitors and anyone forced out of their home due to property damage.
4	My husband and I stayed for 3 days at this Hampton Inn.  The people working here were very professional and friendly.  I forget the young woman's name at the front desk but she worked there Thursday and Friday, she was personable and very enjoyable to talk with.  The breakfast was just what we like waffle eggs and fruit which tasted good.  The other thing we really enjoyed was Seymour who works at the hotel.  At breakfast he walked around and welcomed the customers and asked if they needed anything.  He was fun to talk with and was full of fun experiences.  He also had many ideas on what to do around the area if you needed help.  He made us feel very welcomed and comfortable.  He made are stay top notch.  The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and quiet.  We will stay there next time we go to Scottsdale.
5	I was at recurrent flight sim training and my co pilot and I stayed here..It was a typical Hampton but what made it different was on the 2nd night I came back from a hard day of training and found a 6 pack of Dos Equis  beer in the frig!  I don't know how they knew it but that is my favorite beer!  I called and asked what I did or they didn't do for me to deserve this and they just said enjoy from housekeeping..Its the small things that really make a big difference and they did it!  Not one bad thing to say about this place..Thanks much for a great stay!
4	Typical Hampton Inn with comfortable beds and all the amenities you expect from this Hilton chain.  I found the staff to be extremely friendly and cooperative.  This location is exceptional with many restaurants and shopping options in the immediate vicinity. Two good restaurants next door even offer in-room food delivery.  In the mornings, the hotel makes up breakfast to go bags for hurried guests to grab on their way out. I found my 8-night stay here to be pleasant and issue free. The shuttles offered to the Barrett-Jackson auction at Westworld were an added benefit for my wife, giving her the flexibility to come and go as she pleased.
5	Service was great, staff was super friendly, it was a pleasure talking to the man at the front desk. Great overall environment!
3	The interior of the rooms were outdated.  My room had a wall unit air conditioner and it did not give relief to the 100 degree temperature outside.   The staff was friendly and the location was great since shopping and restaurants were across the street. The breakfast was the worse I've ever had.  The eggs, bacon and potatoes were cold and the waffle machine needs to be at a higher  heat since my waffle didn't have the crispy edges. I'm going to look for another hotel when I go back to AZ.
