5	Great little lunch/brunch spot on Duluth- they have one dish every day, and it is lovely and delicious and not very expensive.  Fresh, tasty homecooked food for those days when you just can't handle the idea of making something yourself.  Bring a tupperware for "to go" or so I hear.
4	Had a lovely soup and salad here, very minimal but good options, lovely interior. For some reason I really didn't grasp the smallness of the place from the previous review. There are a few spots at the window and a couch with coffee table as well. Probably a total of 6 people could eat here at once. Still recommend. Especially loved that they gave us our takeout in a mason jar with a 'please bring this back'.
3	It's very cute and I enjoyed the food I had here. My main problem is that their website is completely inaccurate even though parts of it are updated daily, so I doubt it's a matter of simple oversights.*On their website they claim to have a special for about $10 that includes the meal of the day, drink and dessert but apparently they haven't had this for a long time. You'll probably spend closer to $15 for the three. *Their hours are also inaccurate: I came in at about 5:45 only to be told they were closing at 6 despite the site saying 9. On the plus side they did let my friend and I sit and did not rush us along at all. *The meals do not all contain flower elements as advertised but the desserts and drinks are pretty good about this. Almost none of the food is actually topped with flowers.*They do have disposable containers for takeout.Overall I would definitely go back and recommend it to others, but I really wish they would represent themselves more accurately online.
4	Accidentally walked by one afternoon and had to pop in. The spot is so quaint and pretty. I didn't eat here, but ordered a lavender lemonade (they were served in glass mason jars) and sat by the couch and table for a chat w/a friend. They have lots of cute products for purchase, all made with flowers - salts, cookie mixes, sugars. This would be a great spot to have an afternoon catch-up with a girlfriend.
5	Amazing, charming, quirky tea house in the center of Plateau Montreal.  We stopped in for some tea and noticed they have brunch on Sundays, so we came back the next day, and were so glad we did!  Friendly service, including a friendly cat, and delicious brunch, including a nice salad and some potatoes and eggs, and a cupcake to finish.  The best tea was the cedar rose.  There were only three tables, so if you want to eat, get there early.  We'll be back next time we're in town!
4	This is a really cute little shop that sells products made with edible flowers - like salts, sugars, tea mixes, chai, and lots more. I just happened to stop in. The owner was really sweet and was putting out fresh cucumbers to sample the salts just as I arrived.I had an iced chai with almond milk. I have to say, it was a bit weak and I couldn't taste the rose petals. But it was refreshing nonetheless!
5	Where to start? This is an oasis of calm in the heart on Montreal. Original flooring and shelves from when this space was a general store, it sells awesome salts, sugars, hot chocolate, spice mixes, teas and cookie mixes - all using edible flowers. I particularly love the jasmine and violet hot chocolates. They also have an espresso machine and make some awesome coffee, tea and (in the summer) lemonades with flower essences. They also do great baked goods (I have given the cookies as gifts a few times), soups and salads and I just had my birthday brunch there yesterday! The owner-operator is not only friendly but knowledgable! You can tell she has a passion for what she does. Oh and they have free wifi!You can't miss!
5	best coffee, cakes, cute things, and this comes fom a proclaimed badass. this place is warm and inviting and cozy and smells so good and the staff/owner were so happy and warm. buy a new book, go here and grab a coffee and sit on the comfy old couch and greatly waste an afternoon.
5	This cafe is one of the few businesses that I would give a five star rating and it truly deserves it! The tea and snacks are all amazing. I particularly enjoy food items that have floral flavorings like lavender and rose, and these are a speciality of the shop. I had a delicious lavender latte, a sip of my boyfriend's rose and cedar tea (made with fresh cedar sprigs!). We tried a small plate of shortbread cookies flavored with rose too, reasonably priced at 3 for $2. Though some places overdo it a bit on floral flavorings, the balance of flavors here in all of their selections is pretty perfect.The atmosphere is just as wonderful as the food. The shop is decorated with a variety of fresh and dried flowers. The music selections are great too - a mix of old timey standards in both English and French. The seating is limited, but it is worth stopping by to do some work because the atmosphere is very quiet and cozy - especially because of the cat and dog that hang out there. I am surprised it is not more crowded, though that's fine with me since it makes for a relaxed place to work.They also sell lots of products, such as flour flavored sals, sugars, and pre-made mixes. The prices on these items are a bit steep - I've made my own lavender sugar before and know know that $10 a jar is a little pricey for a few cups of the stuff.
4	The only complaint I can think of to lodge against Epicerie Fleur is that every single time I have stopped in here, they seem to be playing the same set of songs on loop. As advice to the owner, change up your playlist a bit!
5	This place has an excellent selection of teas and spices. The freshly baked cookies are very reasonably priced.Overall, this place is so cute and perfect that it could be a live action version of a shop from a Studio Ghibli movie. Bonus: the dog and cats that lounge during the day.
