3	Looking for candy? Well you came to the right place. This candy shop has just about anything you're looking for in a candy. From chocolates to fruit candys to gummys and pixy sticks. I'm a huge fan of gummy bears and I love the white chocolate covered gummy bears....can you say yummmmy! As soon as I walked in, I instantly noticed the worlds biggest gummy bear and gummy worm. Man I sure wanted to get it, but I just couldn't imagine scarfing down such huge amounts of candy. I haven't seen any other place that carried this item, I just wanted to get it so I can display it, but then again I couldn't imagine how much of a waste it'd be to have a gummy bear just lying around uneaten. Well this place is cool and all but I really don't like sweets as much as it sounds, but gummy bears RULE! It is a bit expensive though, but well worth it if you're a candy fanatic.
4	There used to be so many of these stores around town, but this just might be the last one still standing. Located on the upper level, just a few store spaces down from Macy's. Price- $2.99 per 1/4 lb., $11.99 per 1 lb. Chocolates, M & M's station, and Sugar-Free are situated along the left side of the wall. You can also find gummies, novelty plush animals, and other goodies here.  Great place to get your sweet on. We don't come to this mall a whole lot, but when we do, 9 times out of 10, we'll drop by. Usually, the cashier is an older woman in lively spirits.
4	$2.99 per 1/4 pound. This store's candy is arranged by type and color- just noticed that the last time we were here, on sunday. The left side has chocolates- like dark chocolate bark, M & M's in different colors (customize), and sugar-free candy, as well as the cashier counter. The middle has seasonal/christmas candy- two sided. The front right side has red candy- like boston-baked beans- mmm, and not the boxed kind, 'cause these are bigger. There is an assortment of candy on the right side, middle- like the blue sour coke gummies (one of my favorites). Against the back wall, are the novelties, like metal lunch boxes (hello kitty, candy, etc.), and the gummies too, worms, bears, sharks, coke bottles (just about every kind too)- white chocolate bark is here too.
4	Pretty fun place, nice candy selection and plenty of souveineers for tourists like me to take home
5	The nicest ladies you'll find work at this Sweet Factory!
1	I went to this store in Galleria Sunset Mall with my 2yr old son. A clerk, who was a old lady, was very rude to my son, and made me very upset. He accidentally dropped a lollipop by the register, she yelled at him,  "hey! hey! hey! hey!!!!" and asked me "Did he break it?" I answered "No, your lollipop is fine"  Then, she checked lollipops very closely.  What is wrong with her?  She was also so rude to other customers. Even someone got some products, she had never said "thank you" for the purchasing.  I believe she really needs BASIC training.  A person like her, who doesn't like children/not nice to kids, shouldn't work at this store.
1	Sorry - an employee can definitely ruin it for me! I used to take my girls into the Sweet Factory at Galleria Mall about once a month. They each have a fave candy so I let them get 1/4 pound each and it lasts them for days. NORMALLY, the employees are VERY sweet and helpful. They smile, converse, offer samples, recommend items, etc.Last Saturday, my girls begged to go to the mall just to visit the Sweet Factory. I agreed, as it had been a long time since they had eaten candy.We walked inside and were IGNORED by the new, young girl at the register. My youngest (age 5) even ran up to her and said, "Hi! We are going to buy candy today"! She STARED at my child and ignored her. I became irritated but I let it go. We grabbed our candy and went to the register to pay. She seemed irritated that we were in the store. (We did NOTHING wrong, we were quiet and quick).As we were at the register, I noticed a more regular employee, an older woman (older than the girl at the register) and the girl suddenly perked up and GREETED the next customers who came in. It became GLARINGLY OBVIOUS that the young employee was only being "nice" when her boss was around. The older woman went into the back and we continued to pay. She proceeded to say NOTHING to us, not even "thank you" when she handed over the bag.The only time she seemed alert was when the other woman was around.As we excited the store, I was MAD. She was rude, pure and simple. I made a comment to my husband her rudeness. At the same time, another customer (a man and his young son) approached us. He was behind us in line. He asked, "Was she as rude to you as she was to us?"I wanted to call the store and complain about her but I felt like giving her the benefit of the doubt. But the more I think about how FAKE she was around her boss and RUDE to my children, I'm over it. We are not going back.
