1	Wow i would say to you, what a rip off. So on my trip to arizona i had my front brakes and rotors done for 300 dollars in my town, when arriving to pick a trailer up i noticed the back needed to be replaced before i drove back to arizona. When i came over to see they told me the total would be 700+ dollars for brakes and rotors. I was blown away. I walked out paying 560 at the end, took it into the same shop who did my fronts and they told me i was ripped for about 200 buck of unnecessary stuff on my invoice...Would recommend not ever going here....or any just brakes read all the other stores review first....
5	Brought in my own rotors and pads and "just paid" the $99 labor charge. No surprises, no extra charges. Rotated my tires for free and changed my oil for $10.Excellent service as always at this particular Just Brakes shop in Gilbert.Your milage may vary!Thank You Luis ... Thank You Jes'us
1	Avoid this place!  Rip off, rude, incompetent.  If you do go here, look around at how there's no one else in the shop, and the empty garage.  Turn around and leave before they touch your vehicle.
1	Came in with a Groupon coupon I was told I would have to pay the additional cost for a larger car which I was fine with but then they told me that my coupon was only worth face value, they wouldn't honor any discount on a large vehicle, so this place should be called just brakes for small vehicles.
1	Was told the replacement for my standard front brake maintenance would take about 45 min.  3 hours later I am still waiting and writing this review. They didn't have the part in stock and than the wrong part was ordered. They offered a free oil change in the future which means I have to come back to use the "we are sorry" voucher, should have offered something while my car is on blocks waiting to be finished. I don't plan on using their services again after this unprofessional fiasco.
5	This is a half review, because the job is'nt completed. I just wanted to say that on Sunday my wife and I had the keys refuse to leave in ignition! Oddest thing i ever encountered.Of course it being Sunday, everyone was closed, but we saw a Just brakes was open near a Jiffy Lube, so we walked in explained our problem to the mechanic, and he said he would take a look at it.The mechanics name is David, and he did everything possible, took apart the steering wheel housing, took apart the shifter to see if it was a sensor that could be bad. After a solid 30-45 minutes he said he felt it was likely a sensor, but that all his suppliers were closed on Sunday. He then showed us how to make the car safe at night so we didn't have to sleep in it, and agreed to look at it when we came in tomorrow. All this ans he refused any form of payment, and even recommended some places closer to where we lived. but for service and competence like that, i'll go out of my way.I've read multiple bad reviews here, but I can only speak to the mechanic hat helped us, ask for him David, so far, he's won our business.I'll update as the repairs continue.
1	A quick update, My wife went in the next day to have the ignition issue fixed. after spending a few hours on it, David said he would rather call in a electronics gut who he knew could fix it as opposed to him fumbling about. A) Why didn't he have the right guy look   at it from the start?But OK, I give him that.  But what gets me is the after charging my wife $130 and getting nothing fixed (which I'm actually OK with, he deserves his labor charge) He then convinced her not to make it a wasted trip and  talked her into aligning the tires, which we need to  do but we need the car to be running first!He won me over at first, but by taking advantage of my wife when she was in   emotional stress, they lose it all.Which saddens me, I really had high hopes based on my first experience.
1	Normally I don't give reviews but I told myself to provide a review since the service was horrible and wouldn't want others to get the same bad service. Went to the shop to have my front brakes replaced and next thing you know it, they have taken the rear brakes off. I just wanted the front brakes. $99 service came out to be a $500 plus service. PLEASE AVOID JUST BRAKES. Just a scam to bring you in for $99. And YES, Kelly is his name. AVOID
1	I never write reviews, however, I just had too! I didn't even want to go here, but the jiffylube didn't have the filter and they were closing. So, the guys said just brakes was cheaper and they had the part. I get here and the guy was really nice. Said he could take care of my oil change and light bulb replacement. While I'm waiting another costumer comes in and they finish his before mine with no explanation! It's an hour later and I'm still waiting! Incompetent and take forever this place! Stay away!
