1	My mail was being returned to sender, no forwarding address left...uh....and here I was thinking my renter tried to skip out on a month's rent! Nope! Her rent check was returned to her!  So I call the 480 number...speak with "Erick" I believe.  All i hear from him is "i don't know" to questions such as: Do you know why this happened? How long has it been happening?Oh, I am lying...he did pass the buck and said to call back later and speak with someone else after they have hopefully talked to the courier.  No wonder all I've been getting is junk mail and one or two bills!!! EEEKKKK!!!! Ahh..nothing like the efficiency of a government ran agency!Yes, I'm bitter. I don't have a rent check because of them!
3	This post office always has long lines and rarely has more than one person working at a time. It is a small branch office, so it does not have all of the services that larger offices have. Likewise, it may not have everything you need in stock (stamps, for example). It is located in a convenient location, being right in downtown Tempe and just off of the ASU campus.
4	It's right next to my current residence. It is a small branch office and there's always a crazy long line. Which is the reason why I like going during the afternoon, when it dies down. I've been to this post office multiple times and I always get what I come for. The women who works there is very friendly and helpful. Awesome coustomer service!
1	The lines are loooooong like everyone mentioned. Customer service is extremely bad. . the guy who I got was outright rude. When I went to mail an envelope , He asked me to lick the envelope to seal it, I told him I have allergy to the gum and he started laughing and said 'well that's a first'. I don't know the name of this guy but he spoke like a retard...well anyway I am not going to this location henceforth.
5	Well over all it was a great experience. The old lady that helped me was very nice and even helped me fill out my envelope. I guess if I had to complain about something it would be the guy behind me. He just walked in and started complaining about being there. I feel for the most part all the negative comments about this place are from people like that. They automatically hate the place. If I ever have to mail something again I'll defiantly be back.
1	This may be the most terrible experience I ever had in USA. The cashier throw his face on us and slammed the drawer. When I was asking for a seal he just throw that to us.And we had done nothing wrong since we entered the office!!why!Don't go to this office dudes!!
