3	I love hot dogs so I was really excited to try this new place that recently opened in Southern Highlands. I guess this chain specializes in Chicago dogs and has been in business for 51 years. Although I don't know what a Chicago dog is supposed to taste like, I do know I didn't dig this dog very much.I ordered the Chili Dog (with cheese and onions) for $4.50 and Cheese Fries for $4.29. The dog was regular size and was more like a lukewarm dog. The chili and cheese were just okay and the bread was stale on the ends. The only thing I liked about my meal were the fries. They were nothing special but at least they were made fresh and it was a good portion.The service was good.  We were greeted and were thanked as we left.  I don't think I'd be back again when there are so many other wiener options in town. I'd rather get a hot dog and a drink from Costco for $1.50.2.5 stars.
5	I thought Hot Dog Heaven was literally Hot Dog Heaven.  My husband and I went on Friday and we loved their Chicago Dog and their, I think it was called, Fire Dog.  We made the Fire Dog into a chilli cheese dog and got fries with our Chicago Dog.  The service was great and the food was awesome.  We tried to go back the next day but got there after closing time.  Must try!
4	I had a friend talking about a hot dog place in this shopping center.  We live close by and are always in the area.  I told him that the hot dog place closed a while back.  He then kept telling me that there is a different hot dog place.  So the next time I went to the Smith I made it a point to check it out and see what hot dog place was now in this spot.  I noticed the sign Hot Dog Heaven and immediately thought isn't that the name of the other hot place in Henderson that everyone raves about?  So we finally were in the mood for hot dogs and decided to check this place out.  I was afraid that the hot dogs would be overpriced because the last place before this was a little expensive.  Hence, it not being there anymore?  I walked in the door and was greeted immediately by the guys who were working.  I grabbed a menu as my wife instructed me to just get her what ever I get.  I was surprised to see menu full of items that weren't hot dogs.  This place offer baby back ribs, sandwiches, and even hot wings!  The two guys were very friendly.  I had to ask them if this was the same place at the other one in Henderson.  They said it's the same name and they offer more food items.  I kind of felt embarrassed asking if it was as good as the other one.  I knew the answer I would receive.  I ordered 2 specials which consisted of a hot dog and fries.  The hot dog is Chicago style of course.  Well equipped with the neon green relish, pickle, peppers, and tomatoes.   I had to order a chili dog too.  Just to see what is was like.  Overall this dogs were good.  I am not from Chicago so I am not going to judge the hot dog so much. It was tasty and the bun to hot dog ratio was good.  The size of the dogs were healthy.  The chili dog was OK.  I think I just like my chili a certain way.  I wish it was a little spicier.  The french fries were really good too.  If these dogs were a little more expensive then I would have expected more.  This place is definitely worth trying out.  Especially if you live in this area since the dining options are a little limited.  It's a good alternative to the other fast food joints and won't break your wallet like the tapas and other places in the shopping center.  I will definitely come here again. I want to really try the wings! Cheers!
2	Somebody get these guys a humidifier, because everything they serve is dry, dry, dry. Hot dogs are served on semi-stale buns. Italian beef is so tough and dry that not even a soaking of au jus can redeem it. And their fries are so starchy and flavorless that they represent a complete waste of calories.Pass on this place.
