5	Better prices than auto shops cause they specialize in only certain jobs and the guys are always super nice.
5	I have been to this shop multiple times and have always received great service from Joe and his team. This shop was highly recommended to me and I would highly recommend this shop to anyone in need of  exhaust work or install. They offer quality work and great pricing. My fourth time using the shop I was in a pinch and needed work done to my Audi....ASAP. Although they were slammed, Joe made me feel like a priority and got the work done on his own time. My mechanic at Audi came with me to the shop and was blown away by the quality of work that Joe did on my car. ****Regarding the review by Ken F, I too am a minority and have never once felt this way about Joe or anyone on his team. I am sorry that you felt this way about your experience. I know that this was a misunderstanding and  hope that you will give these guys another shot. I know that your perception is your reality, but in this case your perception of this shop is wrong and they deserve another chance. Thanks for listening.**** Thanks again Joe. I will continue to refer people to you and you are the only muffler shop I will use.
5	I was a referral from Decatur Mercedes-Benz auto repair so,I had these guys investigate why my 95 Tahoe work truck was dogging out so bad and I had a hunch it had to do with the exhaust,the owner thought that maybe my catalytic converter might be clogged or the muffler baffles were broken, especially since I have a quarter million miles on the truck. Anyway I just had him replace the catalytic converter and muffler and Its perfect.  The problem ended up being the baffles in the muffler were broken out and causing low flow. Anyway I have no complaints and I don't think these guys racially profile so don't worry about that review.I also run a automotive type business and it's really nice to run across a company that's competent to do the work and confident at the same time. You guys at Performance rock, thank you, Mike
