4	Cafe Rio is one of my favorite Mexican fast food spots.  The portions are large and food is great.  I highly recommend the steak or chicken salads!A few unusually nice things about Cafe Rio is that they give a free kid's cheese crisp with an adult purchase.  My only complaint is that all they have is a small cheese crisp for a kid's menu.  They also do not have any desserts on the menu.  Their prices range from $5 - 8 per item.
4	This place is orginally from Utah and a huge hit there.  We always heard from family how the lines were so long.  When we saw them going in here, we were excited to try them.They do have a kid's cheese crisp that are normally 99 cents but free if you eat in.  My two favorites are their chicken quesidilla and chicken salad.  My husband loves their steak.  I have not tried the pork, but I hear it is the best as well.  This location is far busier than the location off of Ray Road.  My complaint is that there is not a changing table in the restrooms for babies. They do have a frequent diners card where you purchase 9 meals and get the 10th one free.
2	Nothing special.  I remember when I was at the Missionary Training Center in Utah how the guys there that were from Provo used to rave about how awesome Cafe Rio is and how much they missed it.  When I moved out here and saw Cafe Rio I was pretty excited.  I waited in the insanely long line and was rushed through the cafeteria.  It was difficult to get just what I wanted because of the rushed atmosphere.The food was average and the atmosphere is nothing to write home about either.Overall, I was disappointed because I wanted something more authentic.
3	I liked the tortillas:  handmade, rich and salty.  I thought the food was decent.  I thought service was okay.  I am not new to Mexican food, I know what I want:  when I say I want cheese and cilantro and tomatillo salsa,  please give it to me.  They charged me and extra dollar for had smattering of queso fresca.  Boo.  I liked the mango-pineapple aqua, super sweet and clean flavor.  I would go back, maybe.
5	How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star?  Cafe Rio invented the sweet pork burrito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it better.  I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Dees .... and I was so happy to see the Cafe Rio sign.  I eat there to much.  Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I don't ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones...Let me help you with what to order:  No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Sweet pork burrito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no lettuce (unless you like lettuce ... I don't)
4	Cafe Rio used to be right near my work at 48th and Ray, but they moved to Gilbert so I am pretty bummed.The salads are amazing, and you should DEFINITELY give one a try. They take a fresh homemade tortilla and warm it up, then layer it with veggie friendly beans, fresh lettuce, cheese, etc etc... and it is topped with THE most AMAZING cilantro dressing. I honestly crave this dressing and really wish that I could find a good bottle of it somewhere.I cannot attest to the decor or service because I have not visited the area, but I would definitely grab that salad if I were ever in the area.
2	Just go to Costa Vida and save yourself some time. Their sauces are too salty and their steak is not as good as Costa Vida. I don't care which one came first, Costa Vida dumps on Cafe Rio, hands down.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy! This place is great. I love the pork. Its good in salads, enchiladas, tacos, burritos, whatever you want to put it in. Plus they have whole wheat tortillas for those of us who like them. I admit I wasn't impressed on my first visit because they do rush you through and its hard to make those split second decisions when you are just trying to figure out what is going on but after trying it a couple more times I was hooked. I was completely addicted to the place while I was pregnant. Just speak up and tell them what you want and how you want it and they will make it for you.
2	I agree with Brandon L.  Costa vida, chipotle, and any other for that matter beats cafe rio hands down.  I have tried and tried to listen to my utah friends who rave about this place and have been there at least 3 times and have now decided that i will not go back anymore.  i think people are blinded by the hype of what people say and if you actually taste the food you know that it isn't good.  plus i hate ad ons.  enchilada style $1, sourcream $2, guacomole $2.  i am surprised they don't charge me for the beans, rice and tortilla.  i am already paying $8 bucks for the buritto, why do i have to pay for everything else that goes with it.  truth is it is a utah thing.  if your not from utah you won't like it. just like those not from from australia cant handle veggiemite.
4	While I was home in Idaho, a new restaurant was opening, called Cafe Rio. Being Twin Falls, Idaho, a sleepy little town, this was a BIG deal. Lines were out the door, but my sister and I decided to brave the crowd. I was so glad we did.Fast forward one month to my first paycheck back in Phoenix, and my roommate and I are cruising along past Phoenix.. Tempe.. Mesa.. and find ourselves in Gilbert, for the sole purpose of getting a salad.Now, this is not just any salad, but it is one of the most delicious taco salads I have ever had. Lettuce, tortilla strips, cojita cheese, rice, beans, salsa, sour cream, guacamole, and meat of your choice (pork barbacoa. ALWAYS choose the pork barbacoa!) nestled in a warm tortilla that was made right before your eyes, then drizzled in the house creamy cilantro dressing. Uh-mazing. I can only testify to this one dish however. (Or I suppose the tostada.. exact same, except instead of the flour tortilla, a small corn tortilla). The first time I went I got the quesadilla with chile roasted beef. It was okay.. I wouldn't have been back if it wasn't for me trying my sister's salad, which we have established is enough for me to spend my finite resources on (cash, gas).  The service here also leaves a bit to be desired, but whatever. I'm not here for the ambiance (although some very nice art pieces), or the clientele (lots of families), or the reading material (The Beehive). They do have a customer loyalty card - buy 10 meals get 1 free- which seems to be a dying art these days, which is just too bad, because Cafe Rio has made a loyal customer out of me!
4	Pork burrito enchilada style is very good but it is huge and you are guaranteed to eat 2000+ calories in one sitting.  Great tasting food though.
2	So, my husband ventured out last night to pick up dinner for the family.  I told him I was craving mexican and so he decided to come home with Cafe Rio.He got one barbacoa burrito, one chicken burrito and a side order of chips (which he put some cheese sauce on).  These were the biggest burritos I have ever seen... not sure exactly what he paid for them but they weren't the best I've had.  The barbacoa was really sweet like they simmered it in sugar and the chicken was really dry.  If it wasn't for the guacamole and the salsa I put on it there was no way I could have eaten it.It was good and maybe we will go back, but we will definetly try something else next time.
2	My coworkers from SLC kept raving about this place one day, saying it was the best Mexican food you'll ever find. I was in the neighborhood today, so I gave it a shot. They asked if I had ever been there before, I said no. They gave me a sample of their pork. Pork is supposed to be good because you have good quality meat and do a good job cooking it, not because you slopped on too much sugary sauce. It was almost like they were trying to hide the taste of the meat. Settled on cheese enchiladas. Was given the choice of mild, medium, or hot sauce. I LOVE spicy stuff, so of course the choice was obvious. My Diet Dr. Pepper had more of a kick. The food quality was OK. I finished everything, so it wasn't horrible. It was very bland, however. The final kicker was the price. Nearly $10 for two enchiladas and a soda (none of the add-ons that Than discussed, either)? Come on, really? The pluses are that the employees were very friendly and did their job well, and the restaurant was clean and well decorated for this type of place (think along the lines of a Rubio's or Taco del Mar).When I visit Seattle and order Mexican, this is the type of food I expect. But this is Arizona. There's much better Mexican food around here.
5	I go to Cafe Rio alone, with my entire family, with friends, with visitors, or just the baby and I.  No one is ever disappointed with their food.  The beef, chicken, and pork are all superior to any other fast-service and most sit-down Mexican restaurants.  My personal favorite has to be the pork,  Pork salad, pork tacos, pork burrito, heck I'd even eat that pork all alone on a paper plate.  IT"S THAT GOOD!  It's sweet, tender and tasty.  When accompanied by Rio's fresh tortilla's (made right there in front of you) it's as close to perfect as you get.  However, you HAVE to leave room for the tres leches...it is deliciously drenched in that sweet milk concoction that tres leches is famous for.
3	I came here yesterday on the recommendation of a girlfriend.  She says she swears by the place, and you really get a good amount of tasty food for your money.  The place was really colorfully decorated.  Vibrant colors, and lots of seating.  They have a fairly simple menu, but with a variety of choices.   I went with the enchilada with steak.  I think all the tortillas are made here in house? You can get different style beans, and the selection was reasonably ample.  I liked the food here, but its not the greatest food Ive had.   Part of it I think was the fact that you order in a line, and sometimes I had a hard time hearing what the guy was asking me.   I am going to go back soon and hopefully try something spicier.  I ordered my food a little on the bland side.  Why?  as of lately either my food is way to bland and boring or its so spicy that I cant finish it.  I will be back, thats for sure!
4	Today at lunch I had the chicken tostada and it was great. I got it this green tomatillo ranch that was great. This place is a great spot for tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. The only knock I had was that it seems they are a little skimpy on the meat and heavy on the beans.  They make their tortillas from scratch in 3 varieties. For dessert I also got this amazing coconut caramel flan I totally recommend it if your a coconut fan.  If you haven't been here yet make the trip it's worth it.
4	This is my favorite Gilbert Taqueria. Yes, I know it's a chain but it's just sooo good! Great burros, quesadillas, salads, Mexican pasta you name it! The burrito's are HUGE, expect to take home leftovers, I often can make three meals out of just one burrito! My favorite being the carne asada with black beans served enchilada style with melted cheese as salsa verde! The salads are also very big! Served in a giant plate, with lots of lettuce, your choice of meat, cheese, beans, salsa ect. How can you go wrong? The queso dip is very good but you need a minimum of 2-3 people to justify ordering that much queso. What would a Mexican meal be without dessert? I love flan and this is probably my favorite place to get it! They have two kinds a chocolate flan covered with strawberries and a coconut flan. Both are wonderful! When I'm in town I live to swing by just to grab a dessert!
5	Amazing tacos! Great authentic flavor. EVERY TUESDAY TACOS ARE 1.50 EACH! (plus tax)
2	This is the first place that I'm going to review badly despite their amazing food. I'm pretty easy going when it comes to customer service with wait staff and restaurant employees... but this place is bad enough to make me a not-so-nice guy. We've been here quite a few times and never once were treated satisfactory by the lackluster staff. Despite their tacos being some of the best amongst these Chipotle-like Mexican places... the service is horrible enough to make me not care. Let me explain here... First off, there isn't a single associate here that seems genuinely happy about being there. Some of them are yelling and singing stuff back and forth during busy times, but it seems like more of a gimmick than anything. On several occasions I've been met with snooty responses to simple questions... like this:Me: "Can I get salsa in my taco's please?"Them: "Uh, you want enchilada sauce in your tacos"Me: "No, I want salsa in my taco's."Them: "You want Pico De Gallo in your taco's?"Me: "No, I want salsa in my taco's"              *Points to Salsa container*Them: "Uh" *Blank look on face*Me: "Ummmmmmm" *Doesn't know what else to say*Them: "So you want salsa in your taco's"Me: "Yeahhhhhhh"Them: "Ok"            *Proceeds to scoop enchilada sauce into mini side cup and put on my tray. Me: "Eh"             *Walks away without salsa, and gives up in shame*...this salsa misunderstanding is one of three times this has happened to me at Cafe Rio. I don't know how it's possible... but I think some of their staff don't know what salsa is. I feel like that should be a requirement for working at a Mexican restaurant, but apparently to the dunces behind the counter; all sauce which is red in color is the same thing. On other occasions I've been given the wrong kind of meat, then all but yelled at when telling them it was wrong. They also gave my Mom shit once because she asked for corn taco's instead of flour. She has a food allergy and can't eat flour tortillas... but the guy behind the counter couldn't understand that and kept insisting that she should go with flour; while my poor Mom tried to defend and explain herself; I was there when it happened and it was f'ing weird. All this, and to add to it their beloved 'Taco Tuesdays' here has become a sham. It started out being a dollar per taco which was a good deal, then they raised it to $1.50... which was questionable... they then raised it again to $2.00 per taco; which isn't even special. Six bucks for three tacos is pretty much regular price! I wonder if they just think people are stupid enough to go in and pay that without realizing the price isn't special at all. Additionally the regular prices are a bit higher than other similar options like Q'doba or Chipotle. It's also extra for some toppings which you can get for free at other places. I think they believe their food is good enough to excuse the higher prices and horrible service, but it most certainly isn't! This place only gets two stars because their pork tacos are damn good, and their flour tortillas are pretty amazing. Other than the food though, this place fails on every level.
3	Cafe Rio was once a phenomenon that shaped and defined the culinary landscape.  (At least in turn of the millennium Utah) But it has been passed by more nimble, more innovative, and better tasting competition.  It has never really taken off in Phoenix and it has been out hustled and outworked by its knockoff stepson, Costa Vida.The once hearty portions of meat have been shrunk in favor of rice filler.  The meat has gradually become blander.  The prices are no longer the bargain that once set them apart.  In short, early success turned this once great prodigy into a fresh-mex also-ran.
3	This used to be one of my favorite stops.  The grilled chicken burrito enchilada style was my favorite.  Now, the meat seems lackluster, the enchilada sauce is bland & the burritos are mostly rice & beans, yet the price remains very high.  I used to go twice a month, now I don't make the trip.
2	I wasn't too thrilled with this place for two reasons. First, I went to the restroom before I ordered and saw an employee walk out without washing her hands. I'm sure this happens at restaurants everywhere but to see it was a turnoff.Second, I didn't like the way the workers yelled out "mooorre meat!" whenever someone ordered extra meat. It was hard to enjoy a meal and talk to my friends with people yelling that the whole time.The food was pretty decent, nothing to rave about. I also ordered the pork barbacoa salad based on the comments of many here, but found the pork too sweet for my taste. The sweetness was countered nicely by the vinaigrette dressing, however.I think there are better places to go in the area. So I'll try them out and hope I don't hear "mooooorre meat!" in my head for the next few days.
3	I feel claustrophobic here... Chairs too close together. Too loud. Good Food.
4	Great establishment and especially for it being a chain.The place is clean and has a transparent kitchen allowing us patrons to know that the ingredients are in good standing. The prices are within good range and the seating makes it very convenient for groups.I like their menu it's simple yet offers enough options to make it an agreeable spot.
4	I used to live in Utah and this was THE restaurant... "who wants to get some rio???" oh yea!  so excited to learn there is one in sunny AZ :)I Love their salad and the tortilla soup, people complain about the blandness or too much rice/beans but I think these people are rather picky.  Your at cafe rio, way better than taco bell but still not your hispanic friend's mom's kitchen...get over yourselves people the food is good, and the pricing is spot on.  Everyone raves about Chipotle but I think they are so off on this, rio is way better and you shouldn't be such a debby downer on the stuffy seating and having to order in line-it's an experience so go with it.  sorry I think this is the first review I've written where I've shot down other yelpers...sorry guys but everyone just sounded so whiney.  it's good food, go try it and move on with your day :)
5	AMAZING! I go every Tuesday for the $1.5 pork tacos. Great service, employees know me by name. Love the porkkkkkkkk!
4	I love Cafe Rio! My favorite is the shredded chicken salad with pinto beans. I always order an extra creamy dressing, it's amazing! I'm really glad cafe rio's in Arizona! Yay!Food 5/5Atmosphere 5/5- this place is really open, parking is great, and there's never a wait!Service 5/5
3	kinda disappointing Mexican food to be honest.  nothing special, different, or memorable about this place... I can definitely relate to fellowing Phoenix-ans when they say, there isn't much good Mexican food available, which is surprising and disappointing.i had a pork burrito, since their pork is "award winning..." leftovers have gone untouched in my fridge, and i probably won't eat them since i am not all too hip to revisit the sub-par cuisine... which is REALLY annoying actually considering that thing wasn't cheap AT ALL.  they ding you a $1 for sour cream, $1 for guac, and $1 for extra cheese.  gimme a break people, sheesh!
5	I love this place :). My husband and I are cult followers of cafe rio.  Their salads are perfect and they have vanilla coke in the fountain and key lime pie.  Perfect storm for us to worship the place.  I think it is because they make everything fresh.
5	This place is the ultimate place for an awesome great tasting american style mexican food. I was introduced to this place by a knockoff in vegas, that was soon replaced with the real deal and have yet to find anything in this place i do not like. Everyone I have brought here has loved it and become a fan. The enchiladas are awesome and my wifes favorite. I like a pork burrito with mild sauce black beans and rice....the flavor will stick with you forever. I highly recommend this to anyone! I do wish they would open up more locations in the valley so I can let my other family members in surprise fall in love.I even had them cater our wedding rehearsal dinner...
4	Rio is really really good. I came here on a lunch break one sunny afternoon and this place might be my go-to lunch break place from now on. I had the barbacoa burrito. I can see why it's award winning and everyone loves; however, I felt it was a little too sweet for me. It was still a really good burrito, though. I especially like that they put some cheese on the top of the burrito and melted it.The ambiance, the service and the food all make for an enjoyable lunch. Next time I'm trying the steak. It looked delicious!
5	So, I went back to try the steak. I was awesome! I also had a bite of the grilled chicken and it was incredible, as well. I have to go back and try the flan... rumor has it, it's award winning!Great alternative to Chipotle!
1	When is this stupid "Fresh Mex" craze going to end?  How many more dime-a-dozen Americanized (read: bland) Mexican places do we really need?  Over a decade ago it was Baja Fresh... That was cool, nice fresh change from Filiberto's, and all the other wonderful greasy Mexican places.  Then a few years ago we got Chipotle.  And it was fun for awhile, but eventually you get sick of eating the same rice-saturated burrito over and over and over again.  Now we also have Qdoba, Costa Vida, Cafe Rio, and a few other places.I wish I could avoid eating at all these places for the rest of my life, but alas, sometimes I find myself there, choking down this tedious slop, because all my friends like this kind of food, and I like to be sociable (on rare occasions).  Or, as in the situation that brought me to Cafe Rio, it's where the family is having dinner.Anyways, I had their "special" pork barbecoa (or whatever they call it), and it was pedestrian, at best.  It did not taste natural; sorry, guys, but pork is not supposed to be sweet.  It's supposed to be nice and smoky.  It's supposed to taste like meat.This place is the epitome of the worst aspects of disposable American culture.  No heart, no soul, and large portions.  It doesn't matter what it tastes like, as long as it fills your stomach, right?  Cafe Rio is possibly the worst offender; I think I would rather eat at Qdoba or Costa Vida.
5	Holy cow this is my favorite restaurant!!  Their grilled chicken salad is so amazing!  My honey always gets the sweet pork burrito & I have to snag a few bites of it because it is ALSO amazing.  Their house dressing is so good & if you are trying to go healthy you can always just get the salsa fresca as the dressing. It adds a nice little bite to the salad to give it the best flavor around.  I think I've gone through 5-10 of their punch cards for a free meal & have enjoyed every single meal along the way.Go there! Seriously, you won't be disappointed. But watch out for friday & saturday night........It is date night & man does it get packed in there. Totally worth it though!!
5	Cafe rio is amazing, is part of our regular lunch @.my work, we order at least 4 times a week, they are very good @ getting our orders right, too. What I love the most is the pulled pork salad with their house dressing and the chips con queso!!!!
5	No one has to ask me twice if I want to go to Cafe Rio!    It is always a top notch choice!   I love the tortillas----and everything is so fresh!  My punch ticket is my best friend.  And speaking of friends, bring a friend there for the first time so they can call out, "First Timer!"
5	Love love this place! I grew up in Salt Lake and they are all over, sad that there is only one here in AZ but I do make the drive! I love the pork burrito and the queso is amazing!
5	I've been waiting to write this review for a very long time. Mostly because I've been waiting to go out to Gilbert for a very long time. Ha. Since I am counting down the days till my exit from this awesome Valley of the Sun, I am trying to hit up all the things that were on my Valley bucket list, and on them: go to Gilbert to visit Cafe Rio (even though there are a few Vegas locations).I used to frequent Cafe Rio in Salt Lake (Fort Union) during my senior year of high school and in the years following. Those who are in the know, are aware this this place was around before that "other" burrito chain from that "other" city in the mountains. The one that is named after a chili pepper and later got bastardized by McDonalds, even though I still love and eat there.If you are from the Salt Lake City area, you know this place has a cult following with a line out the door. It's ridiculous at times.Anyway....Things to eat at Cafe Rio:Burrito (duh). Try it Enchilada style. The fire grilled chicken is pulled, instead of cubed. Also, it's clearly marinated, and tasty.The pork salad. They are famous for this. The pork is slow cooked and is a little sweet, but is sooo good, and topped with house made tortilla strips, and this cilantro dressing that will make you squeal like the pig you are about to devour.ALL of their tortillas are made in-house and in front of you. They have a variety of sodas with crushed ice, including mexican coke. Also, they have the mexican fountain juices like mango pineapple. Yum!This place is worth the drive, no matter where you are coming from. I can't wait for my next trip to Cafe Rio. They now have locations in Vegas, Southern California, Maryland, Virginia, and Colorado.
2	I visited Cafe Rio based on a recommendation from a friend. I have to say the food we ordered was excellent. What made the experience a disappointment was how we were charged extra for sour cream on my tacos and cheese on my girlfriends burrito. My tacos were on the menu for 7.50 my girlfriend's burrito about the same, add chips/salsa and two sodas our bill rang up to $25
3	I'd read about this place before (on blogs written by people from Utah) so when I was driving down Baseline and hungry and saw it I decided to try it out.It is set up a lot like Chipotle, however the process of ordering is somehow not quite as clear. Additionally I wasn't sure what went with my meal and what cost extra.That aside the salmon tacos I got were really tasty. I don't think I've had salmon as the fish in fish tacos at a restaurant before and I enjoyed the change.The price seemed a little high, but not so high that I won't visit again if I'm in Gilbert and looking for a quick meal.
2	This place was very average. I've had much better Mexican food and this reminded me a lot of a Chipotle, but maybe a step below. I'm not a fan and wont be back, there is much better Mexican food in Arizona.
1	I have eaten at Cafe Rio probablly 25 times and usually enjoy it but I'm never going back.  The last 2 times I've gone they've messed-up my order (and refused to correct it) and overcharged me both times.  I usually order the pork burrito, not enchalada style, and no extra cheese (each costs extra BTW and they usually don't inform people).  When they accidently put cheese on it they said sorry but charged me anyways.  When I complained they said they would have to fully refund my money and send me back to the beginning of the line to start over.  The line was like 10 minutes long, so I paid the extra $$$ and now I'm making this post..grrrrAlso my sister ordered a salad to go for lunch.  When she got back to her office she realized they didn't put any dressing in the bag.  So she had to drive back and ask for a dressing cup (WHICH THEY CHARGED HER FOR)...At $8-10 for lunch they could be a little more careful about how they take care of people.
5	My girlfriend introduced me to this place and I think it's one of my favorite mexican food places in Gilbert. I've had a few things off the menu (so has my girlfriend). I must say everything has been delicious. The meat is always tender and juicy. If I had to compare it to another place, I'd say it was like chipotle with a bit more of an authentic taste. I recommend the pork burritos ( award winning type of good), but you really can't go wrong with any item at this place.
4	The first time I ate at Cafe Rio I hated it but when I went with my son and his girlfriend and really enjoyed it.  I believe that I chose poorly for my taste buds the first time.   I will definitely go back.
4	When I first moved here in 2010 after moving in me and the wife were hungry and felt like Mexican and looked up places and cafe Rio was closest so we went and tried the burritos I thought it was very tastey. All the way till now I still love it the pork is the best soooooo good.
5	I could eat the salads all day long, every day, every week, every year & washing it down with their Raspberry Lemon Lime drink. Hands down the best food ever invented. Thank you Utah for handing us Cafe Rio!
3	Fresh made tortillas!! I LOVE the sweet pork!!!! The salad is DELISH, with the house dressing.  My son loves the pork quesadillas, and my husband, the grilled tacos.  They come with rice and beans, which to me are just okay, usually a bit dry and not so flavorful.  The customer service is pretty inconsistant.  They try to be fast fast fast, and with too fast you tend to screw up! One time I asked for my son's quesadilla to be sliced, and the guy, in a demeaning tone, informed me that they had plastic knives on the counter, and after my death glare, he decided that he could slice it for me.
3	My first experience with Cafe Rio was in St. George, UT and I loved it and my Mormon friends are constantly raving about it, so I was really excited when one opened here in AZ.I've been to the Gilbert location several times and my experiences have all been pretty consistent. I love the food. Love it. My favorite is the pork barbacoa burrito enchilada style. It's SO good (especially if you like your barbacoa on the sweeter side like I do). Also, their tortillas are made fresh in front of you and they are so delicious.Here is where they lose 2 stars for me...The way you have to order is complicated. My first time there I was totally confused. It's somewhat set up like Chipotle as others have said. However, the counter is too high and you can't hear the guy on the other side, nor can he hear you. The menu needs to be simplified for that kind of ordering. It's not a sit down place where you can go over the menu. People are waiting behind you so there is pressure to order fast and you really just can't with that menu.Also, each time the customer service is mediocre. They rush you through and seem annoyed when you don't know exactly what you want right away. For example, I said no beans so they asked if I wanted extra meat. I said no. When I went to check out, they charged me for extra meat. They either didn't listen or misheard me, but I think that could have been avoided had they just slowed down for 2 seconds. There was no one behind me.Furthermore, it is overpriced and you will pay extra for every.little.thing. Side of guac? Sour cream? Enchilada style? $1, $1, $1...it adds up. I remember one time before I knew about all the extra charges, I walked out paying $12 something for one burrito. That is totally ridiculous.Nevertheless, the food keeps me coming back. Plus, it's a very family friendly environment. The place is always packed with Mormons and their kids so I always feel very comfortable bringing my 3 and 5 year olds.
5	My friend told me that Cafe Rio was an upscale Chipotle, and loving Chipotle I had to try. I am not a fan of Chipotles pork but she said i must try it here, and o my god was she right. I got the sweet pork barbacoa salad and it was delicious! The tortillas were fresh and the dressing is light and pairs perfectly with the rest of the salad. I am in love. The portions are also huge and a salad can last me lunch for 2-3 days. I always order to-go so i can not say much about the service except my food is always ready when they say it will be and have never had a rude cashier yet. MUST TRY!
3	I just don't get the appeal of Cafe Rio, everyone I know loves the food here.  It's clean and the service is good but it's way over priced.  I wouldn't call the food fresh.  My friend and I had skipped breakfast so we came in for lunch right at 11:00 when they opened.  He got a barbacoa burrito and I got a chicken salad.  You can see the food as they serve it up and the beans and the guac looked old, no doubt they were from the day before.  The salad was subpar.  My friend loved his burrito though, I had a bite and the barbacoa was too sweet.  I will be back because all of my friends love it and I appease them but I will not be happy about it.
4	Her Name Is Rio And She Dances On The SandBy The RueAte at Cafe Rio in Gilbert,I didn't go with the cartoon Dilbert,The food didn't make me squirt,Across the street is a Filibert (o's).Chicken burrito enchilada style, Stood in line but not for a while,The food was good it made me smile,After I give you my number go ahead and dial.Seven fifty is a fair price, The burritos are huge and come with rice,Add some beans, salsa for spice,When I'm in Vegas I throw the dice.Buck sixty five for a small drink,Starred at the hottie but she didn't wink,Reading her magazine it made me think,Looking good in those sweats that said "Pink".If you have a warrant for your arrest,Stearing clear of here would be best,Lots of cops in bullet proof vests,Lunching with their mistress is my guess. This place gets a good crowd of hot little honey's,Probably only like you for your money,Secretly they work at the strip club called Sonny's,Wishing they were a Playboy Bunny. Gilbert and Baseline is where it's at,Stop by here if you wanna get fat,A lot of food, Sigma Nu is a frat,I did it like that, I did it with a wiffle ball bat.DOUBLE MEAT!!!
4	Delicious food....fresh....fresh...   Resonably priced.  Don't forget your punch card
5	Great food- great service! I love and highly recommend their barbacoa- it is sweet and not very spicy. My husband loves their house dressing and always orders an extra. I usually get my orders to go and the cashiers have always been very careful of how they pack up the food for the drive home. The restaurant is always clean, and so are the restrooms.
1	$3.00 for cheese sauce on nachos???? Are you kidding me. It was part of the nachos last time I was here. Shouldn't nachos come with cheese sauce. My family will not eat here again.
2	I guess when you live in Phoenix and have so many incredible choices for Mexican food you can be a little disappointed every now and then. Cafe Rio at the start was not clear with their menu. Not sure if that is on purpose or just an oversight, but you need to have a starting point for customers. I ordered a chicken burrito and was shocked at the lack of help and suggestions. I didn't know what they had for additions nor was I told. Maybe I caught them on an off day, but I think they could do some adjusting to their menu and process.
4	Yum! I love this place. The staff always works very quickly and accurately. The place is mostly clean, and the food is great!
4	I liked this place.  If I were to compare it to Chipotle I would say Cafe Rio wins.  I used to love Chipotle but its not the same these days.  When I walked into Cafe Rio I immediately liked the fact that it had a Mexican themed atmosphere that Chipotle lacks. They send your food through a toaster which adds a nice finish to their product.  The staff was friendly and my burrito was awesome.
5	The best place for Mexican Food in Phoenix. Eat the pulled pork burrito enchilada style or get the pork tacos.
2	The good: Fire-grilled chicken and steak, quesoThe bad: everything else. The prices are higher than average for the whole "burrito assembly line" theme, and the salsa absolutely sucks, and by sucks I mean it literally made me want to vomit. The tortillas are so thick that the food just seems dry and bland. Overall pretty disappointing...
3	I found this place to be a tad pricey but you certainly get a lot of food for your money. This would be optimal if you were somehow able to salvage what would be left of your burrito to eat later, but unfortunately I found this to not be the case. Overall, it was a decent meal, the meat on my burrito was the best part. However, avoid the salsa! It just tastes like it wasn't meant to go on food.
5	best place ever
4	I refuse to write long reviews on chain restaurants so I'll just give you the skinny.- Tortillas are freshly made right there in the store and have the perfect warm chew!- Salsa will cost you extra but they do offer plenty of hot sauces for free.- Burritos are huge, heck everything is huge even the salad.- Don't upgrade to the grilled chicken as the standard meats taste just as good.- Prices are a little stepper than Chipotle.- Awesome drink bar! Unlimited refills on Auga Frescas! Plus flavor shot options so you can customize your drink.
4	Love the sweet pork. I even had it at my wedding. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars are the price and the too-fast paced assembly line that you have to go through to order your food. Other than that, I love it!
1	Not impressed.  They just fling spoonfuls of slop into an aluminum takeout container.  Everything lacked flavor.  The guac was disgusting!  Employees were not at all helpful or friendly.  I'll stick with Chipotle for assembly style mexican food.  It's 100 times better.
4	its not the best mexican food, buts its good..  the homemade tortillas are very good..
1	First time here and won't be returning.  I asked for a side of sour cream which I only noticed they had some because I saw another person had some on their          plate.  The tiny portion they give you doesn't even fill the small container they serve it in.  Along w the guacamole that comes w veg burrito. The guy serving the pico and lettuce wasn't too friendly.  They need improvement on customer service. The food is just ok.
4	Yummm, wish we had one closer to our house.  It's a little bit pricey for an order at the counter type restaurant.
1	This was our second visit. The first visit was ok. However, today was just non plus.If we could give zero star, we would. This is for very rude service by ANNA, and overcharging.We ordered burritos with no cheese. Anna was very rude when I reminded her we ordered our burritos without cheese. She also condescendingly reminded us that "All burritos comes with cheese inside, and that YOU need to tell me no cheese!" I explained to her that we did infact ordered the Burritos without cheese prior to her adding cheese to our orders. And we reminded her again as she dropped a handful of cheese on the burritos. She then rolled her eyes unapologetically, and moved on without asking what do we want with our Burritos.With that being said, I asked the cashier to please put pico, lettuce, cilantro, and guacamole with our order because ANNA is not interested in providing us decent customer service. The cashier apologised, and the cashier asked ANNA to help us out. She then told the cashier to charge us for asking for some lettuce and pico as it was a side salad. WTF?! Sincerely?  We did not order a side salad. We simply would like the garnishings that she did not want to add on our burritos. My mates and myself at this point have had it with her deplorable attitude. So, instead of stooping to her very poor attitude, we decided to pay the over-charge, and leave.We also work in a service industry. Anna's rudeness to customers, and retaliation by over-charging us is simply unacceptable! If she cannot provide decent customer service to church goers like us, perhaps she needs to find a position who tolerates her rudeness., and away from public service. She sincerely is giving us service workers a very bad reputation!The food was on the salty side for us, but with a little lemon/lime it was good. ^_^The price was average to slightly pricey. The amount of food was a bit on the skimpy side for the price they charge.Given our recent experience with Cafe Rio, we are not returning here again ... unless  there is a Zombie apocalypse! *lol*Xx
4	Chile Roast Beef tacos were excellent! Daughter loved that you could make a ton of different drinks. Suggest going on Taco Tuesday...taco's 1.00 off
2	I lived in Utah for a long time and loved the Provo location-- I ate there once a week from 2001-2011 and I was so happy when they opened one here, but the staff is so bad I have to psych myself up before I go in. They ask what you want on your salad AS THEY ARE PUTTING IT ON. They don't wait for an answer. I regularly get my beans on the side and I'd say 9/10 times they've had to remake my order because they didn't listen. And once they stuck my side of beans--in a styrofoam container-- in my salad to pass down the line  . I'm certain that styrofoam wasn't washed. I've complained and asked for someone to call me several times and they never have. If I wasn't nostalgic and loving the pork I'd never go here again.
1	Can I give this place -1 star? I've already left a review but I need to add more. I have called this location and taken the customer service survey 4 times. EVERY TIME I have requested someone call me. I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED A CALL. I lived in Utah for over ten years and used to eat at Cafe Rio in Provo, Salt Lake City, or Bountiul at least once a week. That adds up to about $520/ year for ten years. And that's assuming I was eating alone, which I usually was not. I would drive out out of my way to go there because it was worth it to me.Since moving to Arizona where I live about 3 minutes from the Gilbert Cafe Rio, I have made fewer and fewer trips to this once-beloved establishment because the atmosphere, the service, and frankly the quality just isn't worth it. The prices keep going up though the food has not improved. Unless i am visiting Utah I will not go to this restaurant again. I'm sure the staff won't mind, I can tell they recognize me as a "problem customer" with my "complicated order." (beans on the side.... Impossible, right?) i went from an at least weekly customer to not remembering the last time I went there... i seriously can't believe I'm saying this but Gilbert Cafe Rio, you made me really loath a restaurant I've loved and frequented for over ten years. And I'm sure no management will contact me about this, either. Since they're obviously SO concerned with my "valued opinion."
4	$1.95 tacos on Tuesdays.  The price seems to just keep going up for Taco Tuesday.
5	One my favorite Mexican fast food. Good price, friendly service, fresh tortilla, even the lemonade is fresh squeezed :) New Port Beach was the one closet location from what i life but its tottaly qorth the drive. Now we were in Gilbert, AZ and thoughts of trying. Still the same goodness of it. Barbacoa Pork and Queso were our family fav!
4	Anytime I am in a town lucky enough to have a Cafe Rio I make sure I get at least one meal there. Their mild sauce is so good. The only downside is that the lines are usually long. But I guess that means everyone else likes it too!
4	Went today for Taco Tuesday and got 2 tacos, rice and beans for $6. My son got a free nino quesadilla which was nice. The chile beef and sweet pork are both very good. The rice and beans were flavorful. My favorite thing was the fresh tortilla it's on, so good! The restaurant was crowded but the line moved quickly and there were clean tables available. I can't speak to customer service as we had no problems but we will definitely be back for the food.
5	The sweet pork is really good. They are open till 10pm on during the week which is awesome! I also really like the quesadillas, black beans and rice. The employees are hit and miss in terms of niceness. The drink selection is huge!
4	Probably my favorite place for fast, fresh Mexican food at a reasonable price.  Big portions, quick service (unless you get there at peak lunch hours and have to wait in a horrendous line), clean, and very nice employees (not sure why other Yelpers had issues with them??).  I love their plain cheese quesadillas--I always ask for extra guacamole and get a side of rice/black beans for some extra protein; unfortunately, they charge the same price for a cheese or meat quesadilla, so being veggie, I always get the meat on the side and give it to one of my meat-eating friends.  Friends and family LOVE the salad dressing.  I also really like the key lime pie for dessert (although my hubby says it's way too sweet).  Make sure to pick up one of their stamp cards--you get a free meal when you buy ten.Great place!
1	Been coming to cafe rio for awesome fast Mexican food for years. Lived in Utah for a while...just like you Camilla k. I loved the ones in Utah and thought I would give this one a chance. The manager guy, don't know his name, is a total jerk. The food wasn't even warm. It was cold. My wife and I are sitting here right now and I'm so upset that I have to leave this review right now. Just awful service and not even good food anymore. Gradually getting worse. I'm going to costa vida from now on.
4	The food is very flavorful and the fresh made tortillas are delicious. I like to order the sweet pork burrito or salad. Either way, get some of the cilantro ranch. That stuff can make any meal special. Sometimes we order chips and queso dip. They have a really excellent drink selection with the standard coke fountain products but take it up a notch with pebble ice and a selection of refillable drinks like strawberry lemonade, horchata, etc.You order in a line similar to Chipolte. You ask for what you want and don't want as you go down the line. They have one guy in that line up, right after the burritos come out of the rolling oven that really tries to rush you, he's almost always there. Maybe he's mistaking the training to be "energetic" with being "pushy". If he could switch his "what do you want" style to "would you like to try" and give you a moment to think it would be a five star experience.
4	Pretty dang good Mexican food at a decent price.  The food is consistent and you always know what to expect.  As long as there isn't a line it's pretty fast since the food is made similar to Subway's assembly line of pre made foods.  I pretty much just always get the pork salad but their other stuff is pretty good too.
1	1st time at this place and it will be my last. The service was terrible. The food was mixed up and the cashier was handling our food without gloves. Unbelievable!
5	Holy homemade tortillas. Get in my belly!This is a great fast casual mexican place that is mucho flavorful and at a great price! My favorite thing (aside from the freaking amazing tortillas) are the enchiladas. I try to always get one mild and one medium so I can have a good mix of green and red. Here's a tip, if you want the crew to sing you a a little song, order the nachos!They also cater, I have used them for past office meetings and they are very affordable and deliver right on time!
5	We LOVE Cafe Rio!!! So glad that we bought a house just across the street! There is nothing negative about this place. We LOVE the sweet pork ANYTHING. They make their own tortillas right in front of you. Everything is FRESH and made to order. We have had their tacos(TACO TUES...$1.50 tacos, 3 tacos w/rice, beans & drink $8!), the burritos bigger than your head(my husband & I share), and their SALAD..heavenly!!! ;) My husband & I have shared their salad too...the portion are very generous. The salad starts with a fresh made warm tortilla on the bottom(I suppose you can order without if you are watching your carbs, but I just can't resist!), then on top your salad is built. Have I mentioned their SWEET PORK? Mmmmm...I am hungry just thinkin about it! It can be overwhelming a bit when you walk in at lunchtime(especially on taco Tues.), but do not fret, the lines go fast and your reward at the end is worth it! Oh, & they are open till 10 during the week, and for a couple that work out night, the fact that this treasure is open that late in Gilbert/Mesa...I would add 5 more stars if I could! Can you tell we love, Love, LOVE this place!?! Go, you won't regret it! ;)
4	Best sweet pork! Restaurant is clean, staff is friendly.  Great place for the whole family.
1	Several co-workers recommended Cafe Rio and we had to try it.  We arrived at 6:15pm on a Tuesday and it was a zoo.  3 kids collided with us before we even got in line and the sound level from screaming children was deafening.  We ordered in the swarming, rushed line of patrons where a burrito and drink cost $13 served in a foil tin on a tray that was soaking hot wet straight out of the dishwasher.  Clean tables were nowhere to be found and we bussed one ourselves to make a space to sit.  Food was tasty and spiced well, beans not overcooked but OMG what a horrid dining experience.  Taco Bell is more civilized and a cleaner place than this. Never again, there are plenty of places that are Mexican restaurants charging the same but are not disguised as day care centers.  Never again!
2	This place ok. For one their very greedy with their portions of meat and guacamole . The sweet pork salad is over priced $8.25 for the meat, beans and rice  they put in it. The only good thing was the homemade flour tortilla. The staff was friendly but I think understaffed. The place is cute. Don't think I'll be back. Costa Vida is 10x better.
1	Cafe Rio...First of all I would like to say that I do not typically leave reviews. Waaaaay overpriced for the amount of food that they give you! We paid $37 for 4 burritos and drinks. Could have had burritos at Los Fav's on Cooper & Ray for half the price! The girl making the food was trying to rush us when there wasn't anyone else in line. We added for shredded beef & they said we would have to wait an additional 15 for it to be cooked. Shouldn't they have this type of food available and ready if it's on the menu? They could have at least dried off the trays before putting all of our food on em & serving us. Two employees were throwing water bottles at each other in the dining area where the customers eat. Very unprofessional!! Extremely dissatisfied!! We will never return here!!!
4	Yummy food.  I like to eat here for lunch. Everything is good but my favorites are the quesadilla and huge salad, the best part is the creamy green tomatillo dressing (looks like ranch but green) I put it on everything not just the salad but the burritos,  tacos,  and even dip my quesadilla in it.
4	Burritos are very good and enchilada style is included, but the line is often slow and long and the prices are a bit high.  Works as an occasional break from Chipotle, but runs about $4 more for a family of 4.
5	Love the grilled chicken salad  delish... Got all my ladies at working eating here to.
4	Very good burritos and salads. Their cilantro lime dressing is addicting. It is overpriced for a quick casual restaurant. For that reason we only go here occasionally but when we do we always love it.
3	I haven't been to this location for several months but for some reason I feel like it's changed since then. I got a grilled chicken salad. The tortilla tasted like it had been sitting out since lunch time (we went for dinner). The guac was brown. We took our order to go, otherwise I would have asked them to make me something else. The tin the food came in felt cheap(er than before). My boyfriend actually cut through the bottom with his plastic knife. He said his burrito was okay but not what he remembered it to be. We freaking love Cafe Rio and have been to several and love the food. This time was really a let down and we may not be back if it happens again.
1	My Mexican food standards are pretty high and everyone SWORE by this place so I finally tried it a few months ago.  If I'm going to suffer the plight of diarrhea, I'd at least like some flavor to make it worth it.  I would truly prefer eating frozen burritos over this place.  I'd also like to know who provided this restaurant with a single dollar sign.  I paid $12 for a soft tortilla on the bottom of my taco salad, bland meat and sparse, tasteless cheese sprinkled on top with a side of the nastiest salad dressing I've ever had.  Oh, and a small drink cup. I had to shout my order across the noise to the person making my order and could barely hear the questions being asked.  I might have verbally agreed to the assassination of someone being held hostage in the kitchen, I'll never know.   Normally, that sort of thing doesn't bother me with this style of  restaurant (the shouting, not assassination), but this was worse than a bar on a Saturday night hosting 5 21st birthday parties.And the atmosphere?  Kids everywhere, kids screaming and kids dropping their food and crying. I'm not a kid person, but the parent to child ration was 1:3 and that could shake anyone trying to eat lunch.  The tables were so close together you had to ask the guests behind you to scoot forward so you could get out and the tables were built around the waiting line so the people in line had the pleasure of watching you eat and you had the pleasure of being uncomfortable.I could go on and on, but you get the gist of it.  Every offer for free lunch to this place has been declined every since that first visit, I will never eat there again.
2	I frequented the downtown location for 2-3 years while I lived on the west side of town.  I never minded the drive downtown from out there because Cafe Rio was always worth it.This location gets worse every single time I go.  They don't seem to wash the lettuce for their salads given the number of times I have gotten sick.  Not every time, but probably 3/5.  I don't get meat so it can't be that - has to be the lettuce.  100% of the time I have the center of the head of lettuce wind up in my salad.  That's right, 100% of the time.Tonight was the final straw when I was explaining what I wanted on my salad and she proceeded to duplicate what I said onto my companion's salad.  That part wasn't so bad... it was that she threw a fit, told us it was our fault (read:  "You said...!"), and then proceeded to pick off the pico he didn't want with salad tongs rather than just starting him a fresh salad.Also, the salads are served in a tortilla which is supposed to be warmed, with a smattering of cheese on top.  This location has taken to a) pre-warming the tortillas and then letting them sit until someone orders a salad - thus serving a rock-hard, cold tortilla with a salad in it.  Tonight, however, she wasn't even going to warm the tortilla at all - she just took it out of the pack and threw it in the pan.  When I asked her to warm it she didn't bother with the cheese.  I told her three times no beans yet she asked again, getting distracted in the middle by another re-do order a coworker brought back to her.It's always really crowded, really noisy, full of HUGE parties, and honestly the food at this location has deteriorated beyond the point of it being salvageable by price.  The two of us eat at Chili's or Applebee's for about $25-$31 with regular drinks and a 20% tip.  Here we are at about the $21 range for getting our own food, our own drinks, and the lettuce innards.I am going to try the new location by San Tan shopping center.  If that doesn't go well...  I'll probably skip Cafe Rio until I am back downtown for something.
4	If Chipotle weren't so concerned with projecting the illusion of health conscious fare, their food would be as delicious as Cafe Rio.
3	For five dollars cheaper, I could have got a salad at pollo loco, with more chicken and all the other stuff that comes on a salad. The salad tasted fine. It was just extremely overpriced and for the "fire-grilled chicken" another dollar extra. Plus, they hardly put any chicken on it! The dressing was good. As I said in my tip, it's really noisy in here, very difficult to understand the people making the food when they ask a question. It must be popular because the place is packed. I won't come back. Pollo loco is my Mexican salad place from now on.
5	This place has the best pork it's a sweet pork and on Tuesday the tacos are only 195 they are super good a must try place
5	I love to get the salad bowl with chicken. So yummy and to top it off they have amazing desert that I think is called dolce leches. Forgive me is I have that wrong but it is topped with strawberries and whipped cream if you want. absolutely mouth watering amazing. They are always up beat and it's always been a great environment when I go in.
2	The food was delicious but the service was dismal. They rush you through the line expecting that you know exactly how it works even if you have never been there. If you ask a question they look at you like you're a bother, and don't take the time to explain how their menu works. The bathrooms were in bad shape and there was no changing table. Not sure if we will return. Overall not happy.
1	Had a very bad experience here this past Friday evening. I came to your restaurant at around 10:20 PM and was very rushed. They surved be old food, treated me disrespectfully and I was very disappointed with the entire situation.
5	Wonderful food! Great variety of meat options, the steak is especially good! My favorite dish is the enchiladas verdes full meal with lack beans. All the food is nice and fresh. Really recommend it :)
2	The long line moved slow and when I noticed that the employees had no sense of urgency, moving at a snail's pace I understood why.  I got a salad which was okay, my husband the burrito and my son a tiny kids meal which still left him hungry. The drink station was cool but pricey.  The employees were not friendly, never said thank you or smiled.  They acted like they were doing US a favor.  Next time we will just stick with Chipotle.
4	Can't get enough of this place..the bowls are done with fresh vegetables and lettuce..just enough for two people to eat..the line is never too long and everything is prepared right in front of you..
1	This place is absolutely horrible, ordered online got there then waited nearly 30 minutes just to get the food, people there didn't even have forks to eat there food, employees we're yelling at customers to sit down and wait while they bring them there. Rude customer service. Never coming back here again which is weird just about 6 months ago they had there stuff together now they are horrible.
1	Not impressed. Came here with a freind for dinner and we both ordered the fire roasted chicken salad. The people working the line seemed more interested in side conversations than paying attention to orders or how they were serving food. As they were assembling my salad, I noticed that the lettuce was sitting in water (gross) and appeared very wet as they rushed it out without adequately draining it and added it to my salad. I was uneasy about this and should have rejected it at this point but as they were trying to speed everyone through the line, I hoped that it wasn't as wet as I thought it was going to be. Well, after we sat down to eat, I examined the salad and there was about half an inch of water pooled up in the bottom of the salad. Not appetizing. I could not eat it so I brought I back to the counter and explained that the lettuce had been too wet when added in and ruined the salad and I asked that it be replaced with a bowl sans lettuce. A very nice girl at the take out counter took it back to the line and showed it to the manager, who initially refused to remake it and told her to take it back to me, saying the excess water wasn't from the lettuce, it was sauce from the rice and beans. So she brings it back to me and tries to get me to accept it....I repeated my request for a fresh bowl  as you could tell the liquid was watery and not from the rice and beans....I was really surprised that manager would try to brush off a polite request for a disgusting watery salad to be remade...they finally provided a replacement bowl but this line manager was very rude and dismissive about it. I could tell he didn't give a flying f about customer service. The chicken, rice and beans and dressing had a decent flavor but I had already lost my appetite from the soggy mess I was served in the first place. The place is jam packed with young families with multiple bratty children who run unchecked throughout the dining area screaming and flailing around, and on top of that was very unkempt with trash cans overflowing despite the fact there were a ton of employees around. I can't imagine that I'd ever want to go back.
2	I have been to this location before and I hope this is my last time here, the service is OK not great but not awful. I ordered a pork taco and by the time I left, my stomach hurt :( very dissapointingEdit: my mother was getting limeade when the machine broke and limeade was everywhere it took awhile to get some help from employees
5	Great food! You could really tell that everything was fresh. The salsa was fantastic. The queso had a great flavor and was not just your standard melted cheese. I had the chili roast beef taco. It had so much flavor.  The house made ranch was also really good.
