5	Love SuTra Midtown Yoga!  The studio is gorgeous and completely relaxing. The classes are unique and fun.  The staff has always been friendly and it seems they really want to know the yoga-goers and support downtown Phoenix.  I'm looking forward to taking many more classes there!
5	Matt at Sutra invited me and my staff to come down to try out a class before our meeting next door at Drip. Matt is a true professional- he set us up for a custom class with instructor Danielle during a time they don't normally offer a class. He also let Drip know that we'd be over afterwards (and they were ready for us with a private meeting area all set up which was really cool). Danielle's energy is amazing, she is both soothing and energizing, and just cool. She gave individual instruction to make the class suitable for those of us beginners (ahem, me), those of us who are more advanced and for my very prego VP :) The atmosphere is great too, the yoga room is a minimally decorated room with loads of candles, lanterns and simple lighting, and pretty hardwood floors.We all left feeling fantastic and we had a very productive meeting. Can't wait to do it again!
5	If it weren't for Twitter, I'm not sure I would have known about Sutra!  They had posted a special - Twitter peeps got $10 for their first class, taken that day.  I've been doing yoga for over 10 years and I'm always looking for something new.  I did the Rhythmic Flow yoga, after informing them I had NO rhythm.  I am a rhythmtard.  I thought I was going to have to dance.  I went anyway.This place is sooooo cool!  The design is industrial-retro.  Big, steel doors enclose each studio.  The rhythmic class I would describe as more of a power yoga than just a regular flow class.  It kicked my ass!  The instructor was great!  There were only two of us in class, so it was nice to get more attention.  I like that there was music playing that's not the typical yoga music.  It was stuff most of us would know.  Not that kind that can put you to sleep.I left there a dripping mess, but had a GREAT workout!  They have a lot of daily and weekly specials.  There's one this month, but I'm gone a lot and can't take advantage.  GO!
3	I'm writing this review while in a zen zone, having just come from a body flow class at Sutra.  While the studio has a hip, cool, welcoming vibe, and the owner is sweet, I have to say the class I took was a bit lacking...  a bit of my constructive criticism follows:I'm hoping the instructor is a beginner since she botched a couple of the names of the poses we did.  (IE: she put us into a pigeon pose and referred to it as swan pose and she put us into a happy baby pose and referred to it as child's pose).  In addition, the class did not flow very well.  In the middle of class, the instructor started a song over... I think she may have been trying to choreograph the moves, but it didn't go over so well.  She also screwed up the queues for left and right a few times.  Nonetheless, the concept of the class is a good one and I would return for some of the other classes on Sutra's schedule if I was in the 'hood.  I noticed Danielle and Dena are both instructors at Sutra and I've taken their classes elsewhere - they are fantastic!I hope this review didn't come across too harsh.  Sutra has a lot of potential and perhaps it was just an off class that I was at.  Or is it still Mercury retrograde?  That could be a good explanation for anything that may be off...
3	After 6 visits I think it's safe for me to give my honest opinion. Things I like: The studio space, it's cool and industrial yet warm and inviting. The class descriptions and variety offered, although I've only tried a couple different ones, I really like the concept of the yoga fusions. In the past they have had really great deals on their classes through twitter and facebook, not so much lately.The owner is always there to greet you with a smile, she is super sweet and welcoming. Things I don't Like: The monthly unlimited you have to agree to 3 month contract that would be automatically deducted form your checking account and these terms aren't made clear on their website. I have enough bills being drafted from my account I don't want to add to the list. The Bathrooms (toilets, floors) still aren't clean and there is no adequate changing space like a bench or chair to put your things on. I personally don't want to put my belongings down on the bathroom floor. It's too far away from me, obviously not their fault but a viable reason for why I cant make it a regular Yoga stop. They don't have a menu of classes available to take with you.Closing Statement:Like Gabi's review stated, SuTRA has a lot of potential, I look forward to seeing the transformation and wish them the best of luck for the future.
1	First clue - does their aesthetic say, "Lets chill out with some yoga?" No.
5	I have been a bad, bad, neglectful girl, but I am back because I like Sutra so much that I think everyone should know.Right off the bat I love the idea of fusion classes.  I mean Reggae Yoga?  Who thinks of this stuff?  I never would, but now that it exists, I want to do it.I've only been able to go twice so far: once to Ballet Yoga, and once to Yin Flow.   The Ballet Yoga was AMAZING... Danielle was so welcoming and warm, and a very soothing voice when my poor little out of shape self was struggling to hold a pose.  I worked SO HARD in that class, and left just dripping (stringy hair, tshirt sticking to me, red faced and panting... are you hot and bothered yet?).  But I also left feeling so good... the ever-present knots in my shoulders were gone (and stayed gone for almost a full week).The Yin Flow was very different... About 3/4 of the class was Yin, and then the last part was the flow that we all know and love.  I didn't know what Yin was or what to expect at all going into the class, so I spent much of the class confused by the stillness, and by the time my brain quieted down a little, we were already moving into Flow.   I definitely want to try it again now that I "get" it.  My mind rarely shuts up and leaves me alone, so a class that allows for a little more of a quiet state might be really good for me.There are quite a few other classes i want to try, and I will update this when I do.The inside is also really pretty.  The studio itself has a dark wood floors, and candles from the ceiling and around the perimeter of the room.  Little cubbies for your shoes and purse, and they've got blankets and bolsters, but I'm not sure about mats.  Full disclosure:  I also like the owners very much.  They are very community minded, and I am all about supporting the locals and banding together so it makes me so happy to meet others that feel the same.  And I took my classes before I knew how much I liked them, so if I'm lyin', I'm dyin'.  And lastly, if you want to check it out without dropping too much dough, every Sunday they have "Community Jukebox":  a $5 class, but the catch is you don't know WHAT class until you get there.  Go on, live a little!Edit for fuller disclosureAFTER I had taken classes, my pet project (http://www.cenpho.tv) got broken into and all our equipment was stolen.  SuTRA Midtown's owners offered to hold a fundraiser for us, to help replace what we needed.  Again, this was AFTER I had taken classes, and I stand by my review 100%.
5	The nicest people EVER, and the place is absolutely gorgeous! Not only is the money spent here kept in the state, it's kept in the neighborhood (the owners live only blocks away in the heart of CenPho). The entire place is self constructed of the blood, sweat, and tears of the owners (a Husband and Wife team), and they have great design sense.As for the class, here's the deal ... I know nothing about Yoga, and this was my first Yoga class. It kicked my slacker ass, but I felt all the better for it. The cute as hell instructor could not have been a nicer person (I'm seeing a pattern here). She instructed the class in a relaxing yet deliberate and concise manner.Just a top notch business all around. Did I mention that the owners were out of the world nice, cool and down to earth people? Well it can't be said enough ... Thank you SuTRA!----- note-----Yes SuTRA helped us with a benefit for our PODCAST (not me personally, and something they did not have to do) ... and their help had NOTHING to do with my review (outside of getting to know what wonderful people they are). So there's your "full Disclosure".Perhaps Tyler may want to disclose HIS conflict of interest in his posts. For about a year now he's been publicly dissing our Podcast (all this while working for a competing web site). I just feel really sorry for him.
5	I have been saving up my love for this place, so my review may be as glowing as possible.  I LOVE Sutra! I had been wanting to try yoga for years, but was always too intimidated.  Upon recommendation of a friend, my sis and I checked out their virgin workshop they hold twice a month.  I felt comfortable the second I walked into the space.  I think I even said to my sister "I wanna live here."  As stated by pretty much everyone else, the owners are fantastic, lovely people, always greeting you with a smile.  I don't think I have ever felt so instantly welcome walking into any business.  Ever.Cut to a month later.  I have my membership, sampled almost all of the classes, and haven't been disappointed once.  I particularly LOVE Mitchell's Ballitude class.  Classic ballet workout with a twist...an ass kicking twist!I could go on and on about Sutra for hours.  Great local business, great owners, great space, great classes.  Great...great...great...
5	SuTRA Midtown Yoga is a wonderful studio with friendly and gracious staff. There are a wide variety of classes with something for everyone. They even have outdoor classes on occasion, which is wonderful. Go check it out, you won't be disappointed!
5	Sutra may be the PERFECT yoga studio.  The owner and her husband couldn't be more inviting, and the instructors are not only friendly and warm,  they kick butt!! Sebastian's classes make my legs quiver and Danielle has me sweating my buns off, and loving it!! The prices are some of the best I've found for my crazy expensive yoga addiction! You MUST check out Sutra ASAP!!!
5	I'm so excited to write this review that I honestly can't even articulate appropriately! I LOVE LOVE LOVE SuTRA! As soon as you walk in you instantly feel cool with the modern decor.  Then you see the owner and you made your next new friend! And the instructors are just as amazing.  The classes are intense and fun! When people ask me what kind of yoga I do, I tell them SuTRA yoga! PS Best massage ever.  And coming from a student/server, this place is afforable.  I get my Chi, abs and as* right as this place!
5	This was my first experience at a yoga studio and it was really great. Everyone was so friendly and welcoming and the classes had me sweating and feeling GREAT! I felt so alive and refreshed after each class and I noticed a positive change in my attitude. This is a great place to start your first yoga experience, I even got my best friend to join me and she loved it just as much as I did!
5	I just had to review my rooftop yoga class this past weekend at Sutra. I have taken only a couple of classes, but I am hooked. This time I took the class they offer on the rooftop of The Clarendon Hotel (3rd Ave & Clarendon-just S.of Ind Sch. at Central Ave). The class was led by Meagan. She made an effort to learn our names, which was a nice touch. You might want to wear some tight fitting sunglasses, since you are outside on the roof, but it was early and since it's cooling off in the AM now, it was great. I measure the quality of the practice by how many of my muscles ached the next day--they all did, so they definitely did a great job covering all areas. I'm a little out of shape, so you might not have this issue. But the atmosphere could not be beat. We had a 360 view of every mountain range and the whole urban vibe of being atop a hotel among the downtown cityscape. It was a memorable class and well worth attending. A nice meet up for friends. Oh and I spoke to the owner the night before, Mike or Michael?He was great and was patient with my questions. What is not to like. Please note: I am pretty picky about my yoga and have been doing the practice for 11 yrs. and SuTRA meets all my needs. And (in studio, another time) they did play Reggae--love it! Check it out for yourself. And now I am going back for drinks at the Clarendon rooftop sometime. Two cool things mixed together, can't beat it! The only thing better would have been having a drink while doing Yoga! :)
4	Great location in Midtown.  The place looks small from the outside but is nicely equipped with more than one studio, soon to come juice/snack bar, and other amenities.Loved my lunch time vinyasa.  It was just what I needed.  Instructor was knowledgeable, though gave no adjustments, and progressed through the class a good pace...ie not to slow nor to fast.I would attend again and anticipate their future and what they hope to offer.
5	I LOVE this place!  Staff is amazing, instructors are amazing, and decor is amazing.  When here you totally get that "community" feel here, which makes it easy to want to be loyal to them.
5	i can't say enough about Sutra- great class selection and times, kind, capable instructors (Sebastian is especially good)healing, meditative, challenging and fun workoutsa hip, relaxed atmosphere,affordable rates,a focus on individual practice - no ego - and a focus on women, with many classes for moms and even children,and above all, what keeps me coming back is the amazing owner, Rebecca, who always remembers my name even though I come so infrequently. thank you for such an amazing past few months. I encourage everyone who read this to visit the studio!
5	Another Coronado neighborhood gem.Love it here.  I'm currently finishing up my yoga tasting and can't wait to get back from vacation and throw myself in with a membership.  THe varied classes are amazing.  I think Meagan is my favorite instructor.  She has such a wonderful vibe, and she remembers your name.  For that matter, so does Rebecca (owner)!I've tried yoga and pilates over the past few years, and nothing has given me the workout SuTRA gives me.  The barre pilates class is a dream and skullpt is incredible.  By the end of any class, my body has been worked but I feel amazing!  Usually when I leave the gym I don't feel amazing, just beat.  SuTRA is such a great boost.Additionally they have various activities going on at the studio.  They have local artist artwork displayed and a little reception on their own version of first fridays.  Yogavin is coming up, and I can't wait to try it.  They also have massage therapy which I'm itching to utilize because summer in Phoenix is rough and stresses me out.  But if you come here, don't expect to do relaxing yoga, expect to sweat in the most amazing way possible :)
4	Trying the yoga tasting, great way to check out the classes.  They offer ballet barre which I have not ever experienced.   Being that this is the year for me of trying new things I decided to skip the regular flow class and try ballet barre.  Good decision, great class. Helps with posture, toning of the legs and of course booty. Intense 20 minutes of ab work, and who doesn't like pushing your limit firming your tummy?! I would rotate it in with my regular yoga classes...
4	SuTRA's yoga tasting event gave me a four weeks of unlimited yoga for forty-five dollars. That in itself is a splendid steal, not to mention that the studio is located right next to Humble Pie. (Power Flow and chocolate fondue, anyone?)Back to yoga. First off, I'm going to say with absolute sincerity that Rebecca and Matt must be the kindest studio owners I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Rebecca remembered my name right after my first class and Matt always had such wonderful suggestions for me to try at the cafe located inside. Such swell people!Additionally, each of the yoga instructors that I had (Danielle, Mari, Manda, Lori) were all very insightful, interesting, and intuitive. Triple I. Word. But sincerely, each of them had a different perspective and unique way of teaching, which in turn broadened my own practice. I loved every second of it. Especially Mari's Power Flow playlist. That woman has an excellent taste in music. (Jurassic 5, Eric B.& Rakim, Atmosphere?) The only thing that bummed me out about SuTRA was that there were no early morning classes. The earliest flow classes were at 9:15 on some days, others sometime around ten and noon. I am an early morning yogi, and it always threw off my daily groove to attend these classes. However, it was always worth it. Moral of this review: taste the yoga. Do it. It's something like $25 for two weeks, $35 for three weeks, and I did the $45 for four weeks. You really can't go awry with such a knowledgable and diverse group of instructors, as well as the hospitality that Rebecca and Matt provide. Specifically if you're a yoga practicing night owl; I hear there are moonlight classes on the roof. Honestly, what could be more fun than balancing on your head directly over late night 7th street traffic? Minimal activities, that's what. DO YOGA. DO SuTRA.
5	Being a family owned yoga studio makes the vibe relaxed and welcoming.  All the classes that I took where great.  Instructors were comfortable with teaching and were very knowledgeable in their craft.  The well thought out and artistic decoration set the tone for my yoga experience. I enjoyed the owners as well as the instructors and look forward to taking some more classes.
5	I was so excited when SuTRA opened its doors in my neighborhood! The repurposed building and design were right up my alley, and I quickly found that their style and approach to yoga suited me perfectly as well! They offered new student discounts, which really jump-started my practice. Also, as an artist, I was always pleased to see the work of talented local artists up on the walls. My personal situation changed drastically this year, and my budget for yoga quickly dried up. I started looking into free yoga where ever I could find it, trying out freebie classes in many different settings and many different studios. I was many times non-plussed, and occasionally outraged by the experiences I had. Yoga isn't a competition sport, a popularity contest, or anything you don't want it to be. I was shocked to realize that many of these studios had seriously lost sight of that. While I will be soon leaving Phoenix for new adventures, I will always treasure my time at SuTRA, and always be thankful for the kindness, support, and knowledge I received there! Simply put, I cannot recommend this studio enough! Just go check it out! :)
5	Love everything about Sutra Midtown!!!
5	Best yoga place in town! I will never go anywhere else. Kind of expensive but so worth it. Cute decor, friendly staff, great tea, and all around a fun and welcoming place to do yoga and other fun classes.
5	I find a certain level of security knowing that the owners of a small business truly love what they are doing--and that they seek out innovative ways to grow. SuTRA Midtown is such a place. From the moment you walk into the space, you can tell that it's a labor of love, and that they've been successful at building a loving community.I started out with the month-long student tasting, which I highly recommend. I found that I returned again and again for Danielle's flow classes. She's a pretty awesome instructor. A couple of things that separate this studio from others:1. Rooftop Yoga! With the summer heat, the studio switches to Lunar Flows at the Clarendon, which is pretty sweet.2. SuTRA Mum: I don't know if I've ever encountered a studio that is more child friendly. From prenatal classes that support a mom-to-be and her newborn, to classes where toddlers are welcome to attend and play, the studio provides a unique support community for moms to celebrate and share.3. Chop Shop Cafe: Seriously yummy juice that's perfect post-practice.
5	I try to attend Skullpt two to three times a week. I have yet to wake up the morning after a class an not be sore head to toe! They really work you out and I saw results very quickly. Not to mention, this is the best I have felt in my life. I have done several yoga classes as well, and as a beginner, I have learned a lot and have very much enjoyed every class. I really like the instructors and staff at Sutra. I feel comfortable working at my own pace, but feel motivated to push myself every time I am there and try something new. The studio is a great space, the raw juice bar is fantastic. I really can't say enough good things. It is worth every penny because I am improving my health and confidence day by day.
4	SuTRA is a wonderful locally-owned yoga studio. It can be hard to miss as you're driving down 7th street, but once inside it is definitely a hidden gem of tranquility and urban cool! I went for the first time and got a student discount ($10, woohoo!). I went to the intermediate yoga class. It was not hot yoga, but it was good and relaxing nonetheless. The instructor was knowledgeable and the music was eclectic. Even though I went on a Sunday, the class was almost full to capacity, which was nice because I was dreading being the only one.The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I have found the memberships to be expensive. I know they have two-week "tastings", but after the two weeks are up I know that my budget would not allow me to come back. Which is too bad because this is such a great place!
5	I have been going to Sutra for a few months now and I have fallen in love with this studio. The instructors are amazing, the desk staff is always helpful and nice, and the schedule is great. This studio embodies exactly how I always envisioned the perfect yoga studio - warm and welcoming. Namaste. : )
1	Be clear that when you drop in to a class here you are an interloper. Do not expect the instructor to make any accomodations to your needs. For example, if you find the cut-rate muzak played in the class to be at too high a volume, then if you ask that it be lowered, you will be told " Oh yes, I play my music very loud. Some like it, some hate it." Get over it, stranger, is the subtext.
5	I'm a member for this reason: this is a wonderful community in which to practice yoga.  Staff ALWAYS remembers my name (when I don't return the favor).  They care about my well being and they offer amazing classes.
5	I have tried a couple of different yoga studios, and this one is by far my favorite. They offer a wide variety of class styles, and all the staff is super friendly and helpful.  I have never taken a class I didn't enjoy, and I always leave feeling refreshed and calm.The fresh juice is just a bonus! :)
5	Amazing studio that thrives as a local business, while supporting the community that it serves. i have had the privilege of watching this studio grow, almost since the beginning, over 4 years ago, when I was looking for a new studio that would improve my practice. I initially went to do a tasting for "kung fu" yoga (something different). I then tried the traditional Vinyasa flow and have been hooked ever since. Owners, Matthew and Rebecca are constantly evolving in making this place that has something for everyone. Whether hosting local events for local charities and businesses,  (SMYTT) Sutra Midtown Yoga Teacher Training, infamous fusion massages, healthy, tasty juices from the "Chop Shop" (I used to HATE Beets, until Matthew turned it up and found something I loved, "Iron Ride" , Skullpt Core Classes, MuM Classes for the Mommies to be and of course "Yoga"  The instructors are amazing. Danielle, Steven, Angie, Heather, Brad ..my favorites.  Always assist in taking my practice one step further. If you are still unsure, take the yoga out of the studio and try it outside by the pool at the Clarendon or Palomar Hotel or at the local park. Sutra hosts monthly events at these and various places, according to the season. Check in for details. Looking for inspiration, try one of their tastings for a couple of weeks and see for yourself. Your practice will thank you for it. Namaste:)
4	It's alright. Not my favorite studio downtown but they have some interesting classes
5	Open a studio here on Kaua'i already! Rebecca and Matthew couldn't have created a more perfect space for getting your vinyasa on. Sutra offers a variety of classes for all different levels (and music tastes:) My favorites were the Vinyasa, Power, and Candlelight flows--I was so hooked that I made my way over around five times a week (even through the last week of my pregnancy)!The Sutra Mum classes were equally as amazing and I would recommend them to any prenatal or postnatal yogini. I truly believe that they made a positive impact on my pregnancy, birthing experience, and transition to motherhood. I miss this place like crazy and can't wait to pop in for a class (or two, or three...) the next time I visit Phoenix!
5	Love me some Sutra! Rebecca, the owner,  is welcoming and encouraging.  Best pre/postnatal yoga - it actually felt like I was accomplishing something, and I made some friends along the way!  Can't get enough of their yoga on the roof; they've always got cool yoga events going on.  Love the yoga instructors here, as well as the Skullpt classes.  Wish there was a studio closer to my new house.  Highly recommend if you're in the area!
5	Holy cow. Mary's Skullpt classes will WORK you! I've been coming to Sutra since Jan of 2013 and I've fallen in love with their classes and the wonderful people who run this business (as well as their instructors). They are passionate about yoga, health, and living a life of balance. They also embody a strong sense of community. They are always holding events and other yoga experiences around the valley. The monthly membership cost may seem like a lot but I assure you, its worth it. So glad to have this place here in PHX!
5	A friend on Facebook kept talking about this place so I decided to check it out and was addicted from the first class! I've taken a few of the yoga but LOVE the skullpt classes. All the instructors are great and have their own individual teaching style so you can always switch it up depending on your mood to get something new. Mary's classes will kill you like 3 times over during the course of the hour, Beau's classes will give you a nice full body work out and Jessica's classes will def help you get your core in order. The studio is very chill and the owners are really nice and make you feel welcome. The price may seem expensive but is comparable to other studios and they have specials going on every couple a months. I've seen the difference since I started going. Just be aware that it is addicting!
4	An adorable place with super friendly staff!  You absolutely can't beat the $5 matinee deal!  This is my new favorite yoga spot!
5	One of the best studios in the valley. Extremely calming and refreshing space. The staff is so welcoming and friendly. They try to know every student by name. I wish I lived closer or I would be a regular!I've taken a few yoga classes here and one Skullpt Barre class-one of the best work outs I've ever had! This is the place to get long and lean.Sutra Midtown is not just a yoga studio but a community of loving people.
4	Let me start by saying I have attended many of Sutra's events over the last couple years, of which there are many... lunar flow, which is a nice flow by the Clarendon pool at night under the moon.. beautiful, but the cement is a little hard on the knees... still, a nice offering.... the rooftop flow on Sunday mornings... very nice, great views, and a lovely way to spend the morning.... and some of their free flows. That being said, I actually went to their studio for the first time a couple weeks ago after trying to go there for months - here's the story:I signed up for an inversion workshop, probably in April or May 2014 for June 2014. I was so excited, as I had just started to be able to *think* about inverting in my practice. Unfortunately, the instructor couldn't keep the date of the workshop and rescheduled for July, a date when I would be out of town. Bummer! I called and explained the situation... they offered me a refund if I would like or offered to keep the payment and apply it to the workshop the next time they offered it. I decided to apply it to the next workshop to hold myself accountable to attend. They told me they would sign me up for the next date when it came available, but to call ahead of time to be sure it was done. Anyway, time went on, I began practicing more regularly and attended a different inversion workshop at my regular studio. Despite this, I was still excited for this workshop, because there is always something new to learn. I called a couple weeks ahead of time to make sure I was enrolled, and was told my credit had expired. What?!?! I explained that I was told I could apply the credit to this workshop which hadn't been offered between the time I had paid and now... the girl on the phone offered to look into it for me and tell the owner. *side note* Now, I have a little bit of an issue with this... why would money I paid to a studio expire... ever? They got the money.... I got nothing... my mere presence in their workshop or class doesn't cost them anything, as they're going to teach the class regardless, I just don't really understand this policy. Anyway, it took over a week (and my calling back a few times) before I got a call from someone assuring me that they reinstated the credit and signed me up for the workshop, so I was happy with that. The studio is very nice, they have a semi private area to keep your things behind the front desk, it feels fairly secure. The studio is cute, with hard floors and mirrors at the front and side. It isn't a huge studio, but it was nice. The workshop with Angie Hall was AMAZING! I was more than pleased with it. There wasn't a second wasted, we learned all kinds of inversions and tricks to help build the muscles necessary to do these inversions. Angie was awesome, she remembered all of our names and gave us individualized feedback throughout the session to help us know if we were on the right track or if we needed to adjust something. I felt like the workshop was more than worth the 20$ (and the trouble of signing up for it... ha!). I have been practicing what she taught me and hope to be flying (successfully) very soon.... Thank you Angie! I would recommend you and your classes to anyone!
5	This place is like home away from home. The owners and staff make you feel like part of a family. I feel welcome and happy here. I am grateful for Sutra!
