4	12,000 feet full of antiques and vintage finds. Red Rooster is located off the Las Vegas strip. Plan to spend a few hours here to rummage through. Red Rooster consists of different rooms with many treasures such as cookbooks from the 1920's to vintage furniture. The exterior of the building is a bit frightening and run down but it really isn't as scary as it seems. I spent about 2 hours here not just looking to buy, but was impressed with all the different knicknacks from different eras. I would have stayed a lot longer if I didn't already have plans. Can't wait to go back! Definitely worth checking out next time u are in Vegas!
4	The Red Rooster is a delight of a place to spend an afternoon meandering through just looking at the immense amount of stuff they have. Rivaled only be the (now defunct?  I believe?) Sampler Shoppes, this place is the largest one-stop antique place in town.  You can find everything from periodicals to jewelry to furniture to tchotchkes to clothes - anything you can imagine, really.  The people are usually pretty nice, although their knowledge may be limited.  Haggling is sometimes worth it, so it's definitely OK to try.  Wander through, smell those old-thing smells, and have a blast even if you don't qualify for an AARP card yet.  Antiquing ain't just for old peeps!
4	I love Red Rooster Antique Mall. It's great to spend a Sunday afternoon looking around here at all the cool antiques. I used to come here specifically for my tiki bar collection stuff. I bought a great vintage tiki bar here. They took their tiki section out, but you can still find tiki stuff in some of their other booths. When I went this past Sunday they had some new vintage clothing areas that I liked. The only thing that bothers me is that it's kind of inconvenient to get to because you can't enter off of Charleston. Also, their stuff has gotten to crammed in there to where you have to tippy toe around some of the areas because there is so much stuff. Other than that, I like it.
2	What a shame...this store is closing after 21 years in business.  The family that owns the Red Rooster is moving to Illinois.  The lady that runs the place was very friendly and told me this after I inquired about the closing 7/15/10 sign on the door.They used to have multiple floors and many rooms.  Now, they are reduced to a garage sale amount of stuff that appears to have been picked over.I am sure this was a 4 or 5-star place at one time, however that day has passed.  The good news is that the Charleston Antique Mall is in full swing literally next door.  Go there instead.
1	Out of Business. Building has been vacant for a couple years. Will be torn down as part of the freeway expansion.
