4	After hearing about my personal cupcake tasting contest in the big apple, my friend brought me to The Cupcakery to see if these little cakes measured up.Presentationally, these cupcakes looked divine!  They all looked so yummy.  I decided to go with the classic - Vanilla Cake with Vanilla Buttercream.  The pink frosting is sweet and I would give it a four star.  But the big disappointment was the actual cake itself.  There wasn't much flavor or taste in the cake.  Perhaps because of the heavy sweetness of the frosting, the cake was made to taste a bit bland.  My friend got the Banana Split, their Flavor of the Month.  This was an interesting cake with banana cream in the middle of the cake.  This added some nice flavor to the cake and made it very indulgent.  He also raved about their other flavors, and I'm going to give them the four star because of the great potential of this place.  Their interesting choice of names of each of these cupcakes is a nice touch too.  At $2.25/each or $24/dozen, they can get costly.  But when you walk into The Cupcake, the staff is friendly and the layout of the desserts available makes your mouth water.  You can't help but love a place that gets you excited the moment you walk into the door.Update: 11/13/06 - I tried their latest seasonal addition.  The sweet potato one.  Pretty good...slighty sweet with nutmeg and cinnamon, a nice touch to finish off those Thanksgiving dinners I reckon!Update! 06/08/07 - Effective, Thursday the 7th of June, they are expanding their summer hours until 8 pm on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays!
4	ever since someone first brought in a dozen of these tasteful cupcakes, i have been going there ever since.  i even had to take my lovely dining companion, the cupcake connoisseur, to this place.  when i first opened up the beautiful box of goodies, my eyes just stayed fixated on the fancy decorated cupcakes.  they were all so glossy and colorful...i thought they were fake.  check out the website and see what i mean.  they put the most vivid photos of their cupcakes online.  you'll be hooked by just looking at it. the first and one of my favorites is the southern belle...a red velvet cake smothered with cream cheese frosting.   because of my love for reese's, i always get the chocolate peanut butter cup....rich chocolate cake topped with crunchy peanut butter frosting.  i also enjoy the "oh, my gosh ganache!"  its a vanilla cake with a silky chocolate truffle center, topped with vanilla and chocolate buttercream.each month they also have a featured flavor.  they also do local delivery.  yeah, wow!!!  i really like how they decorated the place.  its very warm and inviting.  there are no seats inside to really enjoy the cupcakes, but they do have seating outside.  they have the cupcakes in the refrigerated pie cases, but i also love how they the cupcakes in the raised glass cake trays...pretty cool.  the staff are very nice and the owners, too...i always go there to bring a dozen for parties, and i always tell the pharm.reps to bring by a dozen for work, too....
5	This place needs to expand its business hours. They're open like... 9 to 6pm and how the heck do they expect people like me who work those same hours to get there during the week?In short, their vanilla cupcake was dry. Frosting was good... but the cupcake was NOT Magnolia's in NYC.HOWEVER,... the red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting was the best since Jacque-imo's in New Orleans. I could never find a good red velvet in NYC!The chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting. Moist, chocolatey.... and tons of frosting. YES.Chocolate mint cupcake was fantastic. LOVED it. Moist, ever so slightly minty and verrry chocolate-y!Carrot cake cupcake with cream cheese frosting. Very tasty with lots of frosting- too much for me but that's no problem because I just scraped off a little. Better too much than too little!So though I didn't care for the vanilla, I sure did like everything else and I would go back anyday.I think it's fair to say that I'd crave a chocolate mint cupcake from here as much as I'd crave a vanilla cupcake from Magnolia.
5	Not too long ago, on SNL (Saturday Night Live for you non-boob tubers) they featured a digital short, or, well, a music video about the CHRONIC-les of Narnia....but even more interesting they sing the praises of a Sunday cupcake at the Magnolia Bakery.   So for a couple of weekends i rewind on the DVR (digital video recorder...for those of you who are not dependent on cable/digital media) the charming little video, grooving to it's simple tune....and suddenly i realize my appetite for a phat cupcake slathered in frosting is growing with each viewing.  "But isn't the cupcake a lost art?"  I ask myself.  "How can that be possible?"So my hunger grows, I even go so far as to buy one of those 6 packs of pre-made cupcakes at my local market.......HUGE MISTAKE!!!  Grocery stores are sooooo hit or miss when it comes to baked goods, honestly tear inducing .So let's skip to the next weekend (bare with me, I swear it's way worth it) I'm skipping through the Target Great land with my girly friend Jessica, and out of the blue (as I'm happily fondling a hard to find variant Marvel Legends action figure shining in it's blister packed prison) Jessica exclaims..."Hey! Have you been to the Cupcakery?!"I think my brain stretched and popped....."CUPCAKERY you say?"So here we are, the point of the story.  Was it possible that my search was about to come to a satisfying end?  Was i about to partake of the cakeyness that i had been lusting after for weeks?   The quaint little Cupcakery was exactly across the street.....it was magic.  The moment you walk in the door your senses are filled with the awesome frosty cakeness.......I was dizzy.The store is honestly the size of a walk in closet in a Summerlin custom home, but, just what you would expect......it's all lovely smells and smiles. Where to start....well, we started by picking a 12 pack of the most beautiful bite-size sensations since the creation of a Milky Way Midnight....the choices were as follows.2 Boston Dream - (basically a Boston cream filled donut in the sassy                                   form of a cupcake.)2 Oh My Gosh - Ganache - (chocolate frosting, yellow cake...filled with                                                  chocolate Ganache.....yumtastic!)2 Southern Belle - (a red velvet cupcake with a light cream cheese                                   frosting.)2 Chocolate Peanut Butter - (need i say more?)2 Mocha Mocha - (a fragrant coffee chocolate mix)and 2 Yellow Cake -  (standard yellow cake cupcake with pretty little                                        frosting flowers on top.)The box was full, the cakes were paid for....I wanted to run to my room and guard the pretty brown box as if it were my PRECIOUS.  but, to truly enjoy, one must share. (besides we did get 2 of each) What followed was an orgy of moist sugary ecstasy.So, the art of the cupcake is alive and well at the beautiful Cupcakery.  I've been back quite a few times after my first serendipitous discovery...and they add different treats all the time....they even have a breakfast cupcake (think cinnamon roll, but better....MUCH BETTER) do yourself a favor and roll in and out of the Cupcakery...it's THE treat you've been looking for.
4	I had the boston cream cupcake that my roommate brought back and it was sooo good! The cake itself was perfect! (which is saying a lot since it's been at least a day or so since she bought them). The only thing is that I didnt like the taste of the filling as much. I sort of really want to sneak into her room and get some more :(
5	I am updating a review here.  The Cupcakery is a great place to stop if you're heading to sombodys house for some dinner, party, event , whatever, and want to pick up something so as not to arrive empty handed.  Perfect to send for get wells, thank yous etc.. hip, tasty...and who doesn't dig cupcakes?  And..... I just met one of the owners for the first time...actually dig the place even more now!  I recommend the Southern Belle and the Ganache.  So get some milk get a good dental plan and go............
5	I've just eaten a chocolate ganche cupcake from the happiest place on earth, The Cupcakery! Without getting too explicit, that cupcake was orgasmic! Indulge - it's better than birthday cake and and each flavor is good. For someone with a sweet tooth, the cupcakes from The Cupcakery provide not only a mouthwatering sinfully delicious treat, they are also pleasing to they eye. Decorated with just the right amount of creamy, melt in your mouth frosting, a Cupcakery cupcake can lift your spirits without breaking the scale. One cupcake is all I needed to satisfy my craving. I can't wait to try them all - they awake a certain nostalgia of being young and Innocent and looking at something so delightful! Get a dozen and sample each and every perfect mini piece of heaven. I highly recommend the red velvet and the chocolate ganache, but even the vanilla with pink frosting will put a smile on your face. Also, I've brought a dozen cupcakes to many parties and they are always the top hit!! Everyone will appreciate the gesture! Make sure to get a few extra for yourself!
4	After hearing all the raves about this place, I had to try it.  It's good, but their cupcakes do not measure up with the ones at Julie Anne (or Julie Anne's lemon bars).Our experience -- I had the Chocolate Mint and the Chocolate Peanut Butter.  My husband had the Coconut and the Carrot.The Good:  Cupcakes are great for Las Vegas.  It is so dry here that any normal cake, once cut, will dry out like an old sponge in an hour.  A cupcake is a little piece of heaven that is eaten and gone.  The cupcakes themselves are good -- not too sweet, chocolately, but not too fudgy.  Every one is decorated as well as an expensive wedding cake.  They LOOK gorgeous.  The staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  They love their work.  The Chocolate Mint could become addictive.The Not So:  The Chocolate Mint, the Peanut Butter, and the Coconut use the same basic chocolate cupcake.  They are good cupcakes, but I was expecting a different cupcake for every flavor.  Although the Chocolate Mint was plenty minty, the Peanut Butter was no where NEAR peanuty enough for me.  I love peanut butter ice cream and was expecting the same depth of flavor.  The Carrot was a good cupcake, but I like a denser carrot cake, like Julie Anne makes.I will probably go back again sometime because I pass them every time I go down Eastern, but it won't be a weekly stop for me.
4	I like Cupcakes....By Myke RI like cupcakes. This cupcakery place has a billboard outside my building. Me and Aaron went. He drives stupid. We got cupcakes and they were more expensive than Cupcake Lane. It was like 7 dollars more than Cupcake Lane.  7 Dollars can buy a pack of smokes, a few minutes in a quarter peep show.  Some Tiramisu. 3 minutes at a strip club watching the stage and tipping a girl named Bunny....A shot of Patron....Cupcakes are good at Cupcakery. The girl that helped us at the counter was hot. They sell aprons. Aaron and I looked at the aprons. The cupcakes were equal to Cupcake Lane. Different flavors were good. I liked the Ganache and the Boston Creme. I liked the Peanut Butter Chocolate. We walked out of there feeling a little less manly. Yea... Two guys shouldn't go get cupcakes together...and talk about the aprons they were selling....Did I mention the counter girl was hot? I need a shot of Patron.
4	Red velvet cupcake is truly the best.  It's a fun time here, every time I've been.  I'm so convinced cupcakes make people happy.  This place is so much better than the humdrum cupcakes found anywhere else.  They have the cutest aprons here with the cutest prices.
5	Can one be addicted to cupcakes? Is this something that we have rehabilitation centers for or support groups? No I take that back, I don't want to quit. Anytime there is any cause for celebration, this is the only place in which celebratory sweetness should come from. There are some imitations here in the valley, but this is the original. The Cupcakery lets people like me who are addicted to places like Magnolia Bakery in New York a much needed fix in between trips to the big apple. With flavors that are constant and some that pop up sporadicly like the Champagne, which has the most beautiful glitter and creme that looks as silky as it is. Don't neglect their plain signature vanilla with chocolate icing for the fancy flavors. They have managed the most amazing white cake that I have had on the west coast. All of this is located in the cutest little shop that you must go to to see. Beware, that these cupcakes are expensive. I think that they are worth every penny, however when you need three dozen cupcakes for a party or something be prepared to spend sixty or seventy dollars. That being said, the most sublime treat is a cupcake or two on an afternoon with a girlfriend (or alone, you can take them home and dig in). They had to open on Sundays recently to support the demand for weekend sweetness, so prepare to stand on line at least for a few minutes, and you will be greatly rewarded for your efforts!!
4	There's nothing but cupcakes, and they are nice and big with the richest frostings just heaped on. Can YOU eat a dozen in one sitting without getting sick? I believe I went up to four and held my stomach for a while. It is nice and clean inside, cute and amusing, with rows of pinks and browns for you to look at. The cupcakes come in typical indulgence colors such as chocolate, coffee, strawberry shortcake, and they are really designed to be mini layered cakes disguised as cups. Oh but the frosting is where all the goodness is at, make sure you get a good hunk of it with every bite of the soft cake. Inhale a huge mountain of frosting on its own and you'll learn not to do it again. Unfortunate that the price of each cupcake is pretty high, but not too bad for those occasional craving moments. Makes great conversation pieces, and the flavors are fun to sample.
5	I never though I was such a fan of cupcakes. Apparently, I am. The Cupcakery that just recently opened on Eastern is me new hangout. If I drive by, I stop in for a cake. If there's a birthday party, they must need a cupcake. If I go to Target, I pick up a cupcake. There are really that good. Im not a huge sweets fan (that's a lie) so I didn't think there could be huge variations in taste, but The Cupcakery proves this wrong. They offer your average chocolates and vanillas, but they also have flavors like Cheesecake and Boston Crme. The only drawback is at $2.50 a pop, my new found addiction is starting to take a toll on my wallet. Whatever. Some people do heroin, I do cupcakes, I guess.Recommended cupcake: The Southern belle. It's a red velvet cupcake with heaven frosting. Yes, heaven.
5	Absolute best cupcakes... another little jem out of left field.The cakes are moist and flavourful, icings incredible...Must trys:Kir Royal (raspberry cake w/bubbly champagne frosting), Oh, My Gosh ~ Ganache! (vanilla cake w/chocolate truffle center, topped w/vanilla & chocolate buttercreams), Strawberry shortcake, yes just like it sounds.. so choice.
3	Wow, these cupcakes have PIZAZZ!!  These little delights are quite tasty from beginning to end!  Not only do they carry your basic cupcake flavors like chocolate/chocolate, chocolate/vanilla, carrot and coffee.  Then they have more inventive combos like lemon/blueberry, raspberry/champagne, and banana split!  AND... they have sparkles!  Sparkles always seem to make everything better!  On a side note, the staff here isn't extremely friendly.  What is it with cupcake places and rude/lifeless staff!  I mean, 'cmon... cupcakes radiate F-U-N, why are all these ladies so pissed off to be working with them?!  Still... not going to let their bad attitudes spoil these deliciouses delights!
4	The Cupcakery's sign proclaimed it to have "The Best Little Cupcakes in Las Vegas" and I have to agree.  The modern walk-up bakery is clean, cute, and commercial, exactly what you would expect of a bakery located in a bright and shiny new strip mall.  Covered cake platters housing beautifully decorated cupcakes adorn The Cupcakery's long counter, and a refrigerated display case stores additional cupcakes as well.  The side walls contain sets of shelves that hold cupcake decorating kits and other cupcake accessories for sale.  My favorite cupcakes were a set in the display case, each of which was decorated with a beautiful edible purple flower and edible glitter.  Gorgeous!A friend and I chose the Bugsy (carrot cake) and Vanilla Chocolate.  Although a couple of standing tables are nestled into a corner, we opted to take our cupcakes outside to the tables on the sidewalk.  In retrospect this turned out to be a bad plan as the adjacent parking lot was hot, noisy, and smelled like exhaust.Bugsy:  The carrot cake was moist and spongy with a nice spicy carrot flavor.  It was slightly sweet and tasted like nutmeg and other spices with a mere hint of butter.  Delicious! The shredded carrot in the cake added a nice, chewy resistance to the texture.  The real winner here was the frosting; it was creamy and soft with a super smooth texture.  It had a great cool, sweet flavor that wasn't sugary or overly sweet. Divine!   Overall, this cupcake was exactly what a carrot cake cupcake should be.  My only complaint about this cupcake is that there was too much frosting for the amount of cake, but it was so yummy I just ate the extra plain. De-lish!Vanilla Chocolate:  The pale white cake had a super soft texture.  It tasted soft and airy, like an angel food cake, with a cool, sweet vanilla flavor.  Delicious!  The cake was a bit crumbly and as a result came across as slightly dry.  The frosting was thick, fudgy, and smooth with a rich dark chocolate flavor that lacked the usual bitter aftertaste of dark chocolates.  A dark chocolate I actually like!  Awesome!  The light vanilla and rich chocolate flavors go very well together, and the thick frosting is a good counterpoint to the super light and fluffy cake.  This cupcake is all about contrast and balance, in both flavor and texture.  Overall this cupcake is excellent, and one of the best vanilla chocolate cupcakes I've ever had, if not the best.  My one wish is that I had a glass of milk to go with the cupcake.I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	This place is okay, not worth the 2.50 per cupcake, especially when you get a cupcake that is so dry that it crumbles like a cookie.  I called the place after spending 15.00 on cupcakes and they didnt seem to care too much, all I was told was that they had other complaints like those and they will try to fix it. Oh well...
4	Cute shop, like the shirts/aprons. Samples available!  I liked the "good morning" cupcake  :-)  try it!  very nice designs.
4	Very Yummy A little over priced.. but it's a specialty shop, you kinda expect it...However, I ordered a dozen for mothers day last year....WOW they looked to good to eat. About $40 bucks per dozen they had fresh ediable flowers & a tons of glitzy glitter.. Like I said they looked to good to eat. It was a real treat. I will be back, not for a dozen but to treat the kids here and there.
5	Delicious cupcakes! Every single cupcake I've had here is great! Among my faves are the Oh My Ganache!, the Tickle Me Pink, the Red Velvet. It costs about $2.50 per cupcake, and a dozen goes for $28.The shop features cute little trinkets like cards and even aprons! If you get a chance, look at their bulletin board. There are celebrities featured on it, including Lance Bass coming by for a specially made "cupcake cake" celebrating Hairspray (I think that was it). You've gotta try it!
3	Pros:Beautiful cupcakesDarling storeReasonable pricesCons:Average tasteIf you care more about how your cupcake looks than how it tastes, the Cupcakery is for you.  But, if you want a rich, moist, flavorful cupcake, you need to go elsewhere.  I tried the vanilla/vanilla which was just like plain birthday cake from a bakery but nothing fantastic.  The kir royale (raspberry cupcake with champagne frosting) was average.  The raspberry flavor was super-fake and the frosting didn't taste like champagne at all, just plain white frosting without vanilla.  The lemonberry was lemon cake with blueberry frosting.  The lemon was fake tasting, like lemon extract and the blueberry was also fake tasting, but not as bad.  The exception was the chocolate with chocolate, which was really good.
1	After reviewing the cupcakery reviews here on yelp, i decided to give it a try....While i was in line, a lady askes the server, are your cupcakes as good as sprinkles, and the obvious response was.... I think our cupcakes are better than sprinkles.  So at first my expectations were ehh... but after the comment, my taste buds were bubbling awaiting the red velvet... results: the cupcakery does not hold a candle to sprinkles, nor to many other cup cake eateries here in Los Angeles.  For some strange reason, the cake was cold, from being in the fridge, instead of room temperature... Although the price is cheaper, but the package made me feel these cupcakes were bought at the local market, since they package it in the see through plastic containers. highly disappointed!
5	I love cupcakes and cakes! The cupcakery makes one of the best little cupcakes in nevada for sure!Their chocolate ganache is soooo delicious!!I wish we had one of these in california but unfortunately we don't!I would say if you were to ever go out to vegas, make sure you stop here!If you're going for a bachlorette party, you should pick some of for all the girls cause i'm sure they'd appreciate it!
3	This is a super cute shop and they sell some great novelty merchandise.  I have always found the customer service to be good too.  The cupcakes are always beautifully decorated but I have found they can be inconsistent as far as quality/taste.  They can be a little on the stale/dry side at times.  So in my experience they have been hit or miss.
3	not a huge cupcake connoisseur, but had a craving all of sudden, checked out yelp and found the cupcakery, I ordered the "Southern Belle (red velvet with cream cheese frosting), "Boston Dream", and "Almond Joy" (white cake with chocolate frosting topped with shredded coconut and sliced almonds), I agree with everyone else, looks much better than it tastes, but still not bad, not overly sweet, a little on the dry side, and little pricey, but I did enjoy it, great location near restaurants/ strip mall, and nice little shop. **overall: would still go out of my way to come back, due to the convenience  of the location and just the feeling you get when you walk into a small cupcake shop.....makes me happy ...like going to Disneyland!**update: waited to eat the last cupcake,  Almond Joy, this was kept in the refrigerator and a day old but it was still REALLY good, the chocolate frosting was yummy but they do put a LOT of it on the cupcakes, which I don't really mind, good combo and probably better refrigerated so the frosting is a little firmer and easier to eat/ portion.
4	You ALMOST can't go wrong with a cup cake bakery... and this one is right on! Excellent cupcakes and good choices. We tried... the Boston Dream, Bugsy, Coconut Bliss, Southern Belle, Strawberry Shortcake. Bugsy (carrot cake) was my fave. Coconut Bliss and Southern Belle were delectable as well.
4	Cupcakes!!  Who doesn't love cute little "all for me" morsels of cake?  This store is adorable and the delicious smells waft all the way to the parking lot.  The cupcakes themselves are gorgeous (slight concern though: is it safe to eat glitter???).  And they're delicious to boot!  My favorite is the mounds of joy (coconut cupcake - no flakes, just yummy coconut smell and taste, dark chocolate frosting and coconut flakes on top).  The ganache and carrot cake are fantastic as well.  I actually didn't like the red velvet so much...it was really dry and the frosting was too gloppy for my taste, but everyone else seems to rave about them so maybe I just got a bad batch.  Warning, once you have one, it'll be really hard to stay away!
5	update alert: this time I went to get cupcakes a little earlier in the day (they had all the flavors available) this time I ordered the bugsy, kir royale, oh my gosh-ganache and the special was the rolo (chocolate cake with a caramel filling topped with a hard chocolate coating) and a few others and all I have to say about these flavors are are....."Oh yeah......" I look foward to coming home after work for one of these babies.
4	First stop on the Las Vegas cupcake crawl- The Cupcakery!Super cute exterior and even a cuter interior, with a large display of beautifully decorated cupcakes. This was also the only cupcake place with a large amount of merchandise. I picked up the last Cupcakery pink hoodie (YES!!!), as they also had some shirts, underwear (but only extra larges, none that would fit my cupcake-loving friend Susie S.), as well as... some strange bra tops?! What bra tops and cupcakes have in common I have no idea. Anyway, The Cupcakery (as in all the cupcake places we went) didn't have any premade mini cupcakes, so we decided to get four cupcakes at each place and split them into 1/4ths so we could sample all different flavors. At The Cupcakery, we ordered: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Boston Dream, Tickle Me Pink, and the Southern Belle. Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup- VERY, very dry cake. Probably the dryest cake we had on our entire crawl. The crunchy peanut butter frosting was good, but coming from a (pea)nut butter lover, the flavor was a little too overpowering. It literally tasted like a dollop of peanut butter was placed on top of the dry chocolate cake... not a "hint" of peanut butter, which we all thought would be better. Boston Dream- I'm not a huge fan of Boston Cream Pie cupcakes, only because they don't satisfy my cupcake craving. If I want Boston Cream Pie, I'd order Boston Cream Pie. If I want a cupcake, I'll order a cupcake. For me, they aren't interchangeable. However, this was a very good cupcake. The cake was incredibly light, almost like an angel food cake. The Bavarian Creme and Chocolate Ganache were very, very good and very light. I'd recommend the Boston Dream for someone who wants a light snack and doesn't want to be "weighted down" and get that blah feeling from a traditional cupcake. Tickle Me Pink- My favorite cupcake at The Cupcakery! A simple vanilla cake with vanilla frosting, the frosting was PINK (!!!) and topped with some cocunut and sparky pink sprinkles. This cake was moist and the cake/frosting ratio was perfect! The buttercream frosting was divine. In my opinion, best in taste and looks. Southern Belle- A traditional Red Velvet cupcake. I actually don't really get the whole Red Velvet craze but happily sampled it. Red Velvet doesn't taste like vanilla, but it doesn't taste like chocolate. It's sort of like a happy medium between the two... a vanilla cake with a subtle mocha flavor. This cupcake was not incredibly moist, but not too dry like the Chocolate Peanut Butter. My favorite part of this cupcake was the fluffy cream cheese frosting. Where are the frosting shots?! I'll buy a round of cream cheese frosting for everyone!$2.75/pop. Worth every penny. All in all, a great experience. I'd rate The Cupcakery #2 in LV Cupcake Crawl 2008.
3	We sampled 3 cupcakes.. the Tickle me Pink, some sort of banana/monkey one, and the Red Velvet. We bought them right after opening time and at them right away HOWEVER the Red Velvet and monkey one were VERY dry. The Tickle me Pink was awesome though. In the future I'll stick to the TIckle me Pink! If I go again and get some moist cupcakes I'll add a star.
4	First off, let me say that paying $2.50 for just one cupcake is somewhat ridiculous, but if you were to spend that much definitely go to The Cupcakery.  I've been a customer since it opened two years ago and I can't get enough of their best seller, the red velvet cupcake.  I love frosting and The Cupcakery never fails to load their cupcakes with more than enough frosting.  Yummy!
2	Everything about this place is cute:  their store, their cupcakes, even the boxes they put the cupcakes in.Unfortunately,  the actual taste of their cupcakes are not so great.  All the ones I tried were really dry.  Could have been a bad day, so I might give this place another try.
4	What can I say...I mean, they're f*ckin' cupcakes, for crying out loud! but Delicious cupcakes they are... Kinda on the pricey side, I mean $2.75 a cupcake & $30 / dozen? Oh well, you get what you pay for, right? I wish I could've tasted everysingle one of the 12 we got but I'd be lying if I told you I did. I'm from Hawaii, so you know I like the coconut Bliss... But The one that stood out the most was The Southern Belle!!! Red velvet cupcake underneath a creamy frosting... ok, now I'm craving one. Dammit...
3	so i step up to the plate and decide to provide limo services to fellow yelper sara, my sis and her friend to do a vegas cupcake crawl.  first stop, the cupcakery.  as a side note, i've been to 3 of the 4 places we will visit and of those 3 , i've considered the Cupcakery to be the best cupcake store.i've probably been to cupcakery 7 times before this visit, yet i've only eaten there 2 times ( the other times i bought for my banker chicks ) we buy 4 cupcakes and split them into quarters.  but we decide ( can't remember why ) to wait until we hit our next stop before we eat them.chocolate peanut butter, red velvet,  boston cream, the house specialty - pink something or another  ( cucpcakery gives each cupcake a cute name )cucpcakery let me down a little - the peanut butter- the cake was too dry and the penaut butter taste too strong for me - i felt like i was eating a scoop of peanut butter from a  jar with some chocolate sprinkled in it. the red velvet - ok - the frosting was very good.boston cream - very good - nice chocolate ganache frosting, the pudding filling blended well with the cake.the pink - thingy - decent cake and frosting, kinda boring though.and sara proved her true cupcake love by buying cupcake clothes.  heck, she even looked at cupcake underwear but not sure why she didn't buy - might have been they did not have her size - cupcake underwear ??  that's true cupcake love !!
5	Fantastic cupcakes and great flavors!  These cupcakes have a special frosting that is whipped and sweet, not slick and wimpy - that's what made them most special for me.I actually bought 1/2 dozen and drove them back to California with me.  My hubby was too slow and I ended up eating 5 of them myself.  LOL  It's lucky the Cupcakery is so far away or I'd have a serious addiction on my hands!
2	i wish they didnt use artificial colorings and flavorings..and that the staff was a little nicer. i got a very bad impression of this place. the cupcakes are cute and so is the shop but i dont want to eat cute food that is over sweet and bad for me or my kids (that i babysit) .. especially for 3 bucks a piece, i'll come back if they decide to use better ingredients.
5	Did you figure out yet I'm a cupcake junkie? My parents live not far from The Cupcakery and I was anxiously awaiting its opening a few years ago. They were doing construction on Eastern Ave. at that time so it was easy to miss, but, I'm sure that's long since been finished. Their cupcakes are really delicious; my favorites are Tickle Me Pink and Lemonberry.My main reason for loving this place so much isn't necessarily cupcake related. My mom was battling cancer and toward the end didn't have much of an appetite. She loved carrot cake so I bought her a few one day and she loved them! I went back the next day for more and the ladies in the store were so sweet; they gave me a huge box and only charged me pennies. They told me to come back anytime I needed more and they'd hook me up. Every time I'm out in Vegas, my 2nd home, my first stop is The Cupcakery.
4	Butter. Sugar. Eggs. Flour. (BSEF) That's all you need to bake your basic cupcake.But what if you're flying from SFO to LAS to visit your peeps, and you not only don't have any B,S,E or F, you have no time? You call The Cupcakery for a quickie delivery of some of the finest cupcakes east of the Cali border!While cupcake delivery is a big, pricey splurge (almost $70 for a dozen... half of which is delivery charge), it' well-worth seeing the look of "Ohhh, man that's one good yummy piece of cake" on everyones face as they take a bite of these moist-caked & creamy-topped gems. I was impressed!Plus, cupcakes are a delightful alternative to flowers, don't you think?For the record, the Red Velvet was really good, and while it's usually my favorite, I really loved the Vanilla, too!  It's nice to know the greater Vegas area has a place like the Cupcakery handy... especially since it's so close to my peeps!
5	Im not a dessert person but I cant help but eat a red velvet or boston dream from this place every time im in las vegas. Its pretty pricey but its worth it. A must try if your a dessert person or just want something sweet to eat...!
5	So I took an adventure to Vegas with 2 GUYS! and I said all I want out of this trip was a half dozen of Cupcakery cupcakes.They soooo were not in the mood to buy cupcakes or even go over there to buy them.  They wanted me to go by myself while they stayed at the room.I said suck it up your going.Moral of the story. I got my half dozen and they ended coming out with a DOZEN EACH! I'm a cupcake junky but they literally had a better time in there then I did.When we left the place. The line was going out the door. They are popular, expensive, but oh so good ;)
4	To celebrate National Cupcake Day both locations were giving out FREE cupcakes your choice of Tickle me Pink(white or chocolate) and Southern Belle(Red Velvet). The Orange Julius and Boston Creme Pie were $2.75 ea but oh so good. This place was packed with kids from after school all enjoying a great cupcake.
4	yummy cupcakes but the cupcake pro in our group says he's had better.  delicious but also pricey as other reviewers mentioned.  tasty and worth trying!
2	Perhaps it was just the cakes I chose, (chose 3) but I was really disappointed. Cupcake presentation is beautiful!! but man! the cakes were dry!  I've been to quite a few cupcake places and this place, granted the presentation was nice, the cupcakes were the worst.
2	My friend and I were in search of cupcakes for a birthday and I immediately thought of The cupcakery because I liked their sign and I always wanted to try them out... I liked the cute store and how the cupcakes were decorated.  However, the taste of the cakes were not very exciting.  Let me just say this, I love cupcakes and this place did not hit the spot.  The frosting was pretty and tasted good but the cake itself was very dry and dense and had minimal flavor. I was so disappointed since the store had been there for 3 years ( I saw it on a sign).  I had the something Raspberry cupcake (it had pretty sprinkles of silver on it) and my friend had a strawberry cupcake (the frosting smelled good and tasted like strawberry taffy)...too bad this place wasn't up to par on the cupcake charts.
5	There are only 3 reasons I ever go to Vegas, and The Cupcakery is one of them. Nothing in L.A. has even been in the same league as this place, and the Tickle-me-pink is the BEST cupcake you will ever eat.
5	My wife absolutely loves the place....   She decided to special order Happy Birthday cupcakes for me a few weeks ago.  Ive had 3 different kinds of cupcakes from them and they have all been amazing.  I havent had a dry cupcake yet... I dont know when the others have been buying their cakes... but they have been amazing everytime I have gone there.
5	"The best little cupcakes in Vegas!" They aren't lying. If I ever have another party in Vegas and need cupcakes, I'm getting theirs!They made the most amazing cupcakes I've ever had and were a major asset at my wedding reception. THANK YOU CUPCAKERY!!
5	Hands-down, the best cupcakes I've ever laid my eyes and mouth upon!  Their cupcakes are so pretty, it almost makes you not want to eat them but when you do, you don't regret it.  Cute little shop and really nice employees.  Every time I think of Vegas, I think of this place!
4	I have been a fan of The Cupcakery for awhile. Each time my family in Vegas comes down, I look forward to my cupcakes. I have searched in SoCal for cupcakes similar to The Kir Royale and Strawberry Shortcake, but have yet to find any. Whenever I go to Vegas, I make sure to go to The Cupcakery. I do have to say, though - go to the Summerlin location. The service there is much better than the location on Eastern. At the Summerlin location, they do everything they can to please you (i.e. they elaborate on the descriptions of their flavors not listed on their normal cupcake list, they are amiable, and they are willing to accommodate your needs) - while the manager at the location on Eastern comes off as bothered by any questions or concerns you may have.
3	This is a cute little place with a lot of cupcake varieties. All the cupcakes look so pretty in their glass dome cake stands. We visited their shop on Sunday and got 4 flavors: Cocoa Frauline - basically a German chocolate cake. It was okay. It didn't really make me feel like I was eating a sinful chocolate cake or anything. I expected a bit more, but it did have a pecan gooey center that I wasn't expecting. Lemon - Jeff is a fan of lemon so he naturally ordered this. It was like big bird bright yellow! He seemed to be disappointed by it. We were pretty full so we ended up eating the other 2 cupcakes a day later (which may have effected how they tasted): Kir Royale - raspberry cake with champagne frosting. I never had champagne frosting so I really wanted to try this. The cupcake had a nice flavor and I liked the frosting. However, I didn't eat the whole cupcake and Jeff didn't finish it. So a so-so cupcake? Orange Julicious - Again, this cupcake had Jeff's name written all over it. This was the best looking cupcake of the bunch and lucky for him, it was the best testing. It tasted exactly like an orange cremsicle. I'm totally jealous that they got their frosting to taste this way. It was definitely a 5 star cupcake. Maybe we've gotten used to all the NY cupcake places and of course, Cupcakes Gourmet, that they've ruined other cupcake places for me?
1	I will never go to The Cupcakery to fill my cupcake needs again. What a disappointment :( Lacking flavor & Terrible Service. You'd have to pay me to return. I wanted to love this place but I refuse to be treated so poorly when I'm paying 35.00 for a dozen cupcakes. Major bummer because the store decor was sweet and I thought upon walking in I discovered cupcake gold but it was like a mirage in the Nevada desert. My story at the Cupcakery goes like this, was super excited to get some cupcakes on my birthday this year (april 3rd). Went into and honestly was in a great mood, I asked the guy working the counter what he suggested for me to try...He mumbled"I don't know what you like...so just PICK something." mmmm I turned to my boyfriend both looking pretty puzzled. Shouldn't in order to work in a CUPCAKE store it be a requirement for you to appear happy even if you're faking it. COME ON! Anyways, I look around for a couple minutes, they had a decent selection maybe 15 or so flavors to choose from. I take a picture on my camera phone of the sign, and of a cupcake. At that moment, the same asshole came over and order me to "Quit taking pictures, you could be the competition trying to steal ideas." Sigh. Got my cupcakes, probably took more pictures of them than I did eat them. What a shitty birthday experience! Shame on you Cupcakery!
1	I was really disappointed all around with our visit to the cupcakery this afternoon. On top of spending over 3$ PER cupcake the service there was less that stellar. In fact..it was plain terrible. They may be the only game in town @ the moment but that's not going to last forever & people are going to remember the way they were treated when a new place sets up shop. I was very disappointed in the fact that they have these flavors that sound fun & yummy but don't allow you to taste them. They make it a point that there are NO REFUNDS as you see signs plastered from wall to wall highlighted making sure you know that not for any reason (whether you like the cupcake or not) will they refund your outrageous 3$ cupcake. Still, I went against my better judgement & my husband & I each ordered one for ourselves & one for our toddler son. It was also upsetting to see her cram 3 entirely different flavored cupcakes (Banana, Choc peanut butter & Strawberry shortcake) inside of a small plastic container then closing the lid smooshing them all together &  the frosting smashed against the sides & top of the plastic to go box. Over 9$ for 3 cupcakes to have them smashed into a box... The icing on the cake (no pun intended) was that the Strawberry Shortcake cupcake was awful. It had a terrible artificial strawberry taste & was so dry & insanely dense. So there was 3$...down the drain. Which could have been avoided if she would have let us sample before buying. In all honest, if I had sampled one before buying any, I would not have purchased (or even sampled)anything at all. We haven't even eaten the other 2, they are still smashed together inside of the to go box on the counter. What a terrible experience to drive in from boulder city for. Neither us, nor our friends & family will ever visit this place again.
4	Great little shop on the corner mall, they pop out some amazing tasting cupcakes. Oh my gosh ganache and Boston creme are amazing!!! Great shop, but be prepared to pay $3 a cupcake.
5	I LOVE THE STRAWBERRY LEMONADE CUPCAKES!  also good:southern belle & strawberry shortcake.. it's a quaint little shop.  i don't know if it's the color or the decor,but i walk in and i feel calmer. hahaha.. next on the schedule is lemonberry and the kir royale!they also sell cute aprons and i think they deliver!
3	The review is based on the strawberry shortcake and the red velvet cupcake.  They were both decent, but not great compared to a couple of other cupcake bakeries in California.  The moisture was decent and the creamcheese was also decent.  All in all, decent cupcakes for Las Vegas.
1	In all honesty, I have absolutely nothing positive to say about The Cupcakery. The cakes were tiny, dry and altogether uninspiring. Even though I am not a degreed cupcake expert, I am more than qualified to tell you that you can do better. The fact that they charge $3 per cake simply adds insult to injury.Without reservation, I would pay to have cakes shipped from either Crumbs or Sprinkles. Both of them blow this place out of the water in size, taste, moistness, frosting, and especially value. Even with their high rent locations, they manage to put out a far superior product.
1	I really want to believe that a cute little place that sells cupcakes magically whisks you away to another cream filled universe glittery and sparkly, alas, it is not to be. Actually, in reality, it seems to be too much effort to actually offer any customer service at all. I am planning a wedding and I thought I would get cupcakes from here instead of a cake. At $6.00 a cake (twice the amount in store) I figured what the ever let's do it right. I emailed them. and again. and finally called, the girl that answered the phone..ahem..went a lil somethin like this, hit it! " O yeah, well, like, the manager, she is like, not here. She is like the ONLY person that can answer any questions, So like. you are gonna have to call back, I CANT help you, at all..click." end scene. AWESOME!! I am so glad that even after that I went further again and emailed, and finally got a generic return email, not answering any of my questions or even acting intrested in the fact that it would be over $2,000 in sales to them. OVER IT!! Its not even like they are that good AT ALL. So I will looking into yelp for a bakery cause the cupcakery is not cutting it.
4	Holy sweet yummy tooth!!!It's cupcakes. It's sweet. It's cute. It's delish. What's not to like.When in Vegas, do as the Vegasites DO.....and we DO The Cupcakery!!!
4	I got a couple of cupcakes from the Cupcakery and I'll be going back to try more.There are a couple of these around town and for the longest time I've wanted to try one out.  Honestly, specialty cupcakes are a little intimidating to me.  I'm used to the homemade ones people make to celebrate a birthday, not some work of art.This Cupcakery is a little hole in the wall place along Eastern's stretch of strip mall hell near Silverado Ranch.  Despite the cramped quarters, it's enough room for the cupcakes.  I went last night and they had roughly a dozen varieties.  Some are chocolatey sweet like the "El Rolo" which is a chocolate cupcake with a caramel filling topped with chocolate ganache. Yum!  I also tried the "Southern Belle" which is red velvet cake topped with an amazing cream cheese frosting.As you might expect, the cupcakes are pricey at $3 each.  Next time I want to try something with lemon.
1	Joke. $3.00? Don't bother. This place has nothing on Crumbs, Susiecakes, Nothing Bundt Cakes, or even Sprinkles. The cupcakes are small, dry, and frozen after they were baked! The icing is average at best. We had the chocolate peanut butter (no filling), the Boston Dream (filling was good but a Dunkin Donut would have been better).  We have two more to split but not sure we will waste the calories. Service was also below average - the staff seemed like robots. You can keep your $3.00 cupcakes! I'd rather pay $4.50 at Crumbs.
1	Cupcakery, really should be called Crapcakery, small , dry ,tasteless, and over -priced. combined with horrible service. If you can get by the nauseating  odor when you enter, you should immediately leave. You have been warned .Save your money, get a bake mix at Smith's.
2	I've been to many adorable and awesome cupcake places, but the cupcakery doesn't seem up to par as some of the others. Their cupcakes are a bit dry at times and it really depends on the flavor you get. In addition it's a tad overpriced and not as well decorated as other places. Not my top pick for cupcakes. Sprinkles still owns.
4	Since I was heading back to Vegas to visit my parents, I figured I'd drag my sister to try out this place. It was a small quaint place, with the cupcakes either in the cooler display or placed on cake display platforms. I peeked around and they had quite the selection, but I've never been to Sprinkles (myself) to make a comparison. My sister got the Red Velvet, while I got the Boston Dream and Baileys ... something I forgot the name. all three were delectable and the worker/cashier was very nice. We enjoyed the cupcakes on the bench outside and went on our way. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in town. :)
5	It's been almost 3 years since I first visited The Cupcakery and I still think they have the best cupcakes EVER (and the prettiest).  So far, I've had: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Southern Belle, Strawberry Shortcake, Boston Dream, Chocolate Passion and the coffee one (I can't remember the cute name).  I haven't been disappointed with the flavors or the service at the Eastern Ave. and Summerlin locations.
3	It' s alright...I really try and love this place but I don't. Caked,Layers, and Retro Bakery are just better. The cake texture here almost tastes like it's from a box mix...It's also, I think too expensive...I mean if you wanted to buy a few dozen cupcakes for your kid's party...yikes!!!I do like that they are always creating new interesting flavors and combos. Because a standard cupcake gets boring and they know how to change up the standard cupcake.With that said I like the Blueberry Lemon one the best...a few years ago they had one filled with nutella and I really liked that one but  they have not brought it back or maybe I just missed it!! If there is an interesting flavor of the month I will go back and try it (this month is hummingbird , a citrus cake) but on a regular basis I will go to the places I noted above.... (they do have bacon cupcake that I have yet to try)
2	Truly mediocre cupcakes.  I really wanted to love this place; I love cupcakes and have tried them on 4 different occasions now.  They are not necessarily bad; but certainly not great and no way worth the outrageous prices they are asking for them.  They were pretty, but as for the flavor; honestly I would've believed they came from the Wal-mart bakery.  Not very moist, and way too much food coloring in most.
2	I went back on a Sunday as Caked (where I would have liked to go!} is closed on that day. I wanted to try two cupcakes, I did and here's what I thought- 1. Hummingbird-cake with pineapple,nuts, and apricots topped with a pineapple creamcheese frosting. -There was too much going on in this little cupcake, though very moist it was just too crowded with stuff...It reminded me of a tropical fruit cake (I hate fruitcake)2. Elvis Cupcake-Peanut butter cake topped with banana frosting then rolled in bacon bits.-I love weird combos but this just did not taste good actually I thought it was gross. The cake hardly tasted like peanut butter and the way too sweet banana frosting rolled in bacon bits was just in a word -YUCKY-Let it be known that I like bacon (Retro Bakery does a really good bacon cupcake that works and that I've purchased on several occations) but yeah ummm I won't be buying these cupcakes again. Oh,  Cupcakery perhaps I'll give you another try depending on your cupcake flavor for June.One more thing: The Banner they have hanging up does not do them justice. In trying to inform the public that they are open late on Mon-Sat it seems like they are closed on Sunday. Alot of people do not believe me when I said they are open on Sundays-they all tell me "I saw their banner and it doesn't say Sunday!!
4	I have not actually visited the location but I had the pleasure of trying their red velvet cupcakes at a BBQ. One of the crucial factors to being an awesome red velvet cupcake is how moist it is. AND bam, this cupcake did it. Although the color does not add to the flavor, I did enjoy the bright red color of the cake. (Rather than the deep red of other cupcakes). The cream cheese frosting looked as if it would be overwhelming but I WAS SO WRONG! It was the right amount of cream cheesy goodness. I will definitely make a trip out here. Looking at all the yelp pictures is making me drool.....
4	Yeah its good. I liked the story: some gaming admin assistants threw in the towel and decided to go in on a business. And as the story usually is, "Harder than we thought...we toiled...we worked hard...we stumbled...we were lost...and it worked..." But then I read they flash froze their cupcakes the night before they served them?! Yikes, I didn't like the sound of that. The red velvet and carrot cakes are the best. So, I'll go try that stuff, but other than that...thanks for the frosting, but no thanks.
5	I FINALLY went to cupcakery before I left back home to SJ. You satisfy my soul cupcakery!The location itself was very cute and presented the cupcakes on cute/simple dessert platters. Strawberry Lemonade is too die for. The red velvet will always be my favorite but the strawberry lemonade is a close second. The cake itself was a bit more dense that expected but it packed alot of lemon flavor.I'm going to see you cupcakery. Get ready for me!
5	I feel like I should be sending my Cupcakery review to PostSecret instead of Yelp, because I sort of prefer to keep my gluttony anonymous.On a recent visit, I accompanied a friend - let's call him Ray. Yeah, that's it. I accompanied Ray to the Cupcakery, where he ordered and proceeded to eat over the next two days:An El Rolo, Lemon Berry, Strawberry Shortcake and Julius. In that order.Ray tells me that the El Rolo was moist and no-surprises chocolate cake, with rich ganache. He felt that the caramel flavor was overwhelmed almost out of the picture entirely by the chocolate.The Lemon Berry cupcake was surprisingly subtle, blending two tart flavors cleanly. So Ray tells me. The three real blueberries on top of the blueberry buttercream frosting were a nice touch.The Strawberry Shortcake was next up - and honestly tasted more like the Good Humor Strawberry Shortcake ice cream confection than a strawberry shortcake. Which isn't a bad thing.Finally, the Julius - a creamsicle in cupcake form. The bits of orange ring throughout the cake and the semi-soft sugar candy on top of the frosting make this one of the most complex cakes and my personal favorite.I kind of dig how the Cupcakery puts glitter into all of their buttercream. It makes me look like I just came from the strip club and spent way too much money.I mean Ray. Ray kind of digs.... oh, forget it.
4	For yourself or for a party this place makes some of the best cupcakes I have ever had. My favorite is the Boston creme filled cupcake. Get an assorted dozen and bring them to your next event and watch as you become the MVP.
4	On my son's graduation, I decided to get cupcakes instead of a cake to celebrate his day. So, we went to The Cupcakery. All the cupcakes looked sooooo good, but the kids and I could not decide what to get. We ended up ordering, two lemon creme cupcakes, two red velvet cupcakes, and four strawberry lemon cupcakes. They are kinda pricey because the cost came out to be $24 for eight cupcakes, but they were well worth it. It was all about Lil Man and his day.
4	The sight of the pink polka dotted brown box brings the giggles to my face and the grumble to my tummy.On many occasions, friends that have gone to vegas have always brought me back an arsenal of yummies. They all know I'm a sucker for sweet treats. I eat 'em all, doesn't matter if I'm eating cupcakes thrice a day, and trust me, none of 'em go to waste. For my bday, the bestie brought me a box of assorteds, and I shit you not, I marveled at that 12-box and took photos of it like I  found a new lover and wanted to capture the moment forever.. And there was a time when I actually got to personally handpick my own poison. I've tried sooo many of their cupcakes, of course the red velvet, orange julius, lemonberry, kir royale, chocolate peanut butter cup, maple bacon, boston dream, oh my gosh ganache, banana cream bomb etc.If I had to list my top 5 (in random order)..wow this is a difficult list to put together. I'm afraid the other cupcakes may be angry. I love the banana cream bomb, red velvet, lemonberry, ganache, and cherrylicious. Sad to say the bacon didn't make the list, and ya'll know how partial I am to bacon.So glad there isn't a cupcakery too close to home. Just like a bf, absence makes the heart grow that much fonder (and the belly much less bigger)...
4	I special ordered some cupcakes and they were DELICIOUS!!! Not only did they taste great but they were beautiful and made to a special specification that I asked for.  Nicole...shout out to you for those beautiful buttercups...you are sooo awesome for that! Thanks and I can't wait to get back to Vegas for some more cupcakes!
5	Thee best red velvet I have tasted.
4	This place is super cute; super convenient because it's right next to the tram stop so you can grab a cupcake on the go. The red velvet cupcake was moist and the cream cheese frosting with the red sprinkles was amazing. It definitely satisfied my cupcake cravings in Vegas. I got only one cupcake and they put it in this little Chinese takeout box for you so the cupcake won't wobble around. Its great for walking on the strip because it wont be a giant mess of frosting. I would definitely go back to try the other flavors next time I go back to Vegas.
3	Their slogan " best little cupcakes in Vegas"Best, not sure. Little, at least they're honest. Expensive, hell ya it is. I got the boston cream, grasshopper, carrot cake, and red velvet. Yes, they were good and satisfied my sweet tooth, but it's not something to make a habit out of.  In these rough times, sweets are a vice and at $3 a pop I can definitely cut this out and my wallet nor my belly would feel bad about it.
5	Service was great as I asked for advice as to which they would recommend  for a friend. I also asked for something to be written on one of the half dozen that I ordered and they came out great. my friend enjoyed it as well. They recommended the red velvet and strawberry shortcake which was her two favorites.
5	Around the first year I lived in Las Vegas Nevada I came to this place... well... I was drove here. Before going in I was told that I should eat it slowly and just eat one. I was puzzled, VERY PUZZLED... I went in and the shop was cozzy I really liked the design inside and the menu was really convenient too! I had me a strawberry shortcake cup cake. Let me tell you it had such a great taste to it and it also filed me up for the whole day. no joke! It must have packed in the calories for sure! I could taste the flavors so yummy and frosty and sweet. I loved it the staff was real chipper also. I can't wait to go back with my stomach empty though lol.
5	The Cupcakery has the most creative cupcakes I have ever seen! Super yummy as well! This place comes in second for me after Sprinkles Cupcakes. Quality cake + complementing icing is what I look for and The Cupcakery has got all that goin' on! Their raspberry cupcake with champagne frosting is divine! Highly recommend that! I also really enjoyed their March special in lieu of St. Patty's day.. Bailey's Irish cream flavored! The place to go for cupcakes in Vegas!
4	Cute little shop. Cupcakes are delish. I went with my family so we ordered a few differen't ones. Red Velvet, Peanut Butter/Choco, Mint Choco, even Strawberry Shortcake and they were all super good. I love their signature buttercream frosting. I think what makes these cupcakes good is that they arent overly sweet. The flavors stay true to their name and taste exactly how you'd expect them to taste. Just remember, this aint some cheap ol bakery. You'll be paying an extra penny but you can definitely taste the quality that you pay for.
5	I think the Cupcakery is soooo good, but to be fair, I haven't tried many of the other cupcakes in town which get rave reviews (i.e. Retro Bakery).  Every Valentine's Day, I buy a dozen for my BF and he eats every last one!  I don't even get a crumb.  I love to take out-of-towners here too because it is just a cute store and a fun experience.  Yes, a cupcake is a really fun experience!I think I've probably tried just about flavor.  I make it a point to try the cupcake of the month because it is usually something different and yummy.  My favorites by far are the Bugsy (carrot cake) and Southern Belle (red velvet), but the only flavor I've had that I didn't think was awesome is Kir Royale.  Just not a fan of raspberry or champagne.  Some people I've taken have loved it though, so it really just depends on the flavor combinations you like.Their cream cheese frosting is unbelievable.  Love it!  Recently, I've been picking up Groupons for the Cupcakery to help subsidize my habit. One word of caution, I usually find a whole cupcake too much, even with my massive sweet tooth.  I suggest going halfsies.
5	I wanted to try the cupcakes as I heard so much kudos about it.  My friends who told me about it are 100% right.  The cupcakes are delicious.
5	OMG! OMG! Me and my friend Donald had cupcakes yesterday from the "Cupcakery", now I must warn you these are not your ordinary cupcakes, these could have the potential to be as addicting as crack! You must try the Orange Julius, it tasted just like a 50-50 orange icecream bar, he had a strawberry, it had fresh strawberries,... absolutley delicious, saved my chocolate curled one for today, got to go now, it is calling my name.
5	If heaven is made of a dessert, you know it's gonna be made of the Cupcakery's Red Velvet. That's the stuff dreams are made of.
5	Sprinkles, schmrinkles.  Don't get me wrong, I'm still a fan, but I blame the Cupcakery in good 'ole Vegas for my original infatuation with cupcakes.They have the whole package. They are gorgeous AND they have personality. The cakes are the perfect size and texture, they have the perfect amount of frosting, and they're not too sweet. The first  time I laid eyes on their cupcakes, I got "the feeling".  The Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup ($3) is my absolute favorite.  It has rich, moist chocolate cake topped with crunchy peanut butter frosting.  Ohhhh I just got goosebumps. Their best seller is the red velvet, but Choco PB Cup and I have a long history.They offer delivery ($15) as well as online ordering, but I don't think they'd be willing to drive all the way to Los Angeles (sniffle sniffle). Long distance relationships are tough...
1	The cupcakes are OK, they're not that great, but the reason I rated one star is because of the awful and snooty customer service by the employees working the front counters.I didn't get their names, but the guy and girl working are just awful... I don't understand how small businesses can afford to give horrible customer service in times like these (or anytime for that matter).I definitely will not be coming back to "the cupcakery".
4	Good cupcakes and a large variety of flavors.  Never disappointed.  Only drawback is the price is a little high
5	Best Cupcakes In Las Vegas!I love the lemon blueberry, strawberry & coconut cupcake. Makes me happy.
4	I love the Cupcakery!I tried to shop around because I thought this shop was kinda corporate, but then I looked it up and The Cupcakery was actually started in Vegas (and it's only in Vegas and Texas now), so it's ok to like and frequent!It's really close to my house, which is worth something, and the workers are always super friendly (not that it matters - I'm only getting the stuff to go). The real reason I love them is for the delicious cupcakes. I have sampled pretty much all the flavors that don't have chocolate (not a huge fan of the stuff), and they are pretty much all delicious. I've even kept them at home for up to 3 days and they are still soft and moist! The flavors are unique (champagne, orange julius) and they actually really taste like what they are supposed to! (yes, you can really taste the champagne in the frosting!)Red Velvet, carrot, tickle me pink, strawberry shortcake, some kind of lemon berry thing - loved them all. They are always moist, even when I've come in at 8pm! And at 8pm, they still have a full selection. I have to deduct a star because of the price, though. $3 a cupcake is a little steep - knock it down to $2.50 (still pricey) and I'll give you 5 stars.
1	I will never come here again...  HORRIBLE service and mediocre cupcakes.  The lady behind the counter, for lack of a better word, was a huge B****.  Literally.  It was like she was on the first day of her period and someone took away her midol and chocolate.  And to top it off the cupcakes weren't that great.  Avoid like the plague.
5	I am a cupcake tourist, when I travel I look for cupcake shops. I have had other fantastic cupcakes, but, I compare everything to Cupcakery. The Orange Julius is my fav.
2	The service I received here recently was wonderful, that's why I gave it 2 stars.  The cupcakes however were a big disappointment.  Dry, and  not memorable.  The lemon cupcake had a very strange flavor and an even stranger aftertaste.   I bought 6 different flavors and the only one that I ate was the chocolate mint.  Not on my list of good cupcake places.I am amazed at how many reviews are criticizing the price.  Cupcakes are selling all over the country for $3.25 to $4.00 each and no one is complaining.   This is an average to low price compared to other places.
5	one stop destination for some de-li-cious cupcakes!
2	Disappointing really. Who doesn't love a moist cupcake? Well I didn't get one here. Additionally the service was snotty and unwelcoming. Priced a bit high too for just one cupcake.
1	The first time I had Cupcakery was about 3 years ago, and it was AWESOME. So good that I was willing to drive across town to have one.However, recent trips (the most recent being last week) have proven that the cupcakes here are on the decline. The red velvet was dry and over-frosted. The strawberry shortcake was no different.With so many cupcake bakeries in town, I'm sad to say we won't be back.
1	In recent years they have lost there freshness and great quality. Cupcakery is no longer what it use to be. Stale and overpriced. Retro bakery cupcakes hands down is WAAAAAAAAYYYYY better!!
4	These cupcakes are awesome!  I have had these cupcakes for many of my friends' birthdays and mine as well.  I'm not a big fan of cake or frosting (I like pie) but both cake and frosting at the cupcakery are amazing.  There are always many different flavors to choose from.  A little pricey but the last time I went I had two groupons to use.  Well worth it!
2	Dry, overpriced, shitty tasting cupcakes. Why this place remains one of the popular chains in the valley boggles my mind. The only attribute that separates this place from regular grocery store variety is presentation. Deceivingly pretty only to reveal a disappointing and dry inside. Ugh. Only the red velvet justifies the loyal support, other wise bake your own.
3	I'm a cupcake connoisseur and this place is ok, but the cupcakes are XL which is too much sugar for me. They taste like they have a lot of preservatives or something in them. I like other places in town better, but if you've got a craving for something sweet it will do.
4	I am a fan simply because they make a chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting that is to die for! My husband bought a dozen for mothers day so I was able to try a bunch of flavors...my second favorite was the red velvet. All were soooo good! I read another review that said their cupcakes were dry...which is really hard to believe because we were eating those cupcakes days later and they were still so moist and delicious! You can see my blog post and picture of my FAVORITE cupcake here: www.wakingupinvegas.com. I've only had cupcakes from one other place that were better in CA, called Susie Cakes...the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
4	If you don't know anything about me, one thing- I LOVE CUPCAKES!!WHEN: They close at 8pm everyday! Be sure to stop by as early as you can! =)WHERE: Located on Eastern, past Serene?WHAT: The first and last time I walked into this cute, little bakery I was amazed and am still amazed at the pleasant aroma the store gives off, and the bright colors that draw you in.First thing's first, be prepared to spend a little more money than usual.  I hope you broke your piggy bank to get that  cupcake money! I think it's $3.50 for just one =X. I guess we've all become used to it though. Cupcakes are the new green nowadays! The cupcakes that I have tried are all bursting with flavor! I have my favorites here and there, but overall a great cupcake hot spot!!CUPCAKES:-Southern Belle (red velvet cupcake): This is my favorite cupcake here!! I love the frosting and cake- everything about it! The frosting is not so sweet, which is a good thing.  It is the perfect amount of sweet in your mouth.-Kir Royale (raspberry): My second favorite! (or it may actually be tied with the southern belle!) This is one of the most original cupcakes I have tried! The frosting has a bubbly champagne taste, remarkable!-Coconut Bliss: My number 2, boo! I just love coconut cupcakes, period!-Strawberry Shortcake: If you love strawberry-flavored everything, this is your cupcake!!One more thing! HAVE FUN, BE CREATIVE WITH YOUR CHOICE, AND ENJOY YOUR LAS VEGAS CUPCAKE!
4	I'm going to have to make multiple trips back so I can try all their creative flavors! I was so excited to see all the beautiful cupcakes, like a kid in a candy store... or better yet, a cupcake bakery haha. Flavors I've tried:Southern Belle: This is their version of Red velvet, and it was YUM!Orange Julius: I thought this was interesting... I'm not a fan of the orange "chunks" in the cake though... I could have done without that.Rolo: this was uber sweet with the caramel filling in the chocolate cake. I liked the chocolate cupcake, but I just ate around the caramel because it was too muchPeanut Butter Cup: This was my favorite cupcake that I tried that day. It was a chocolate cake with a peanut butter frosting. PERFECT! You'll definitely see me back there sampling their other creations!
5	BOSTON CREME CUPCAKE ... sold!!!!i saw it, i bought it, i inhaled it :Dthis was the best cupcake I've ever had, EVER :D i would move to Vegas if i living in this cupcake was an option (lol)
3	Hit and MissSometimes you come here and the cupcakes are great, sometimes they are dry and not that great.  I always return even though I swear I won't when I hit them up on an "off day."  They are too close to Pin Kaow. :-)  The cupcakes are always beautifully decorated.My favorites are:Chocolate Peanut Butter Red Velvet (Southern Belle?)Carrot Cake CupcakeLemonCream cheese frosting cupcake (Bugsy?)Grasshopper Chocolate Mint (my husband's favorite).
5	The absolute best cupcakes any where! Kir Royale is wonderful. Bought the bumper sicker for my car in Michigan! Wish I could be in Vegas to feed my cupcake habit.
1	Not the best cupcake I've had. Cake is often dry and too much frosting is put on top. They taste pretty much like something you can buy at the Super Market. They do have a decent selection of flavors but that's about the only positive.
5	I have NEVER had a bad experience here nor a bad cupcake either. Worth seeking out, the selection is always good, and even though it's a bit pricey, you certainly in my opinion get what you pay for. Besides red velvet, I have too many favorites to list. You won't go wrong stopping here. Just do it...you'll thank all of us when you're done.
3	My new favorite is the Lemon with Blueberry frosting. That is amazing since I don't really like blueberries. LOLI wish they'd keep the sample box full of various options since that's how I happened to try the wonderful LB in the first place.I like that they don't pile on the frosting. Just enough to make it special.So far, I've tried:lemonberry - fabulous lemon blueberry greatnessalmond joy - fabulous chocolate coconut greatnesscoco frauline - fabulous german chocolate greatnesskir royale - very goodoh my gosh ganache - goodI'm taking off 2 stars for service: It's cupcakes, people. No need to be snooty on a Friday afternoon.
4	In a failed attempt to try out Project Cupcake (after a few minutes looking over their cupcakes the worker slowly starting removing trays of cupcakes telling us these were not available), we headed down the block to The Cupcakery where we know the cupcakes are good.We've always got good sweets here and that hasn't changed, not the best I've ever had.Tried the Lemon Blueberry, very different, I liked it. Love the sparkles in the frosting.Carrot cake was good, could've been more moist.Vanilla cake filled with Chocolate ganache, I didn't really like but my husband did.My favorite was the Almond Joy, love the coconut cake, heck I loved everything about it.
5	My favorite cupcakes!  & I don't even live in Las Vegas.  I always make it a point to stop by when I'm in town to have a couple of cupcakes & to bring a box home.  =)I'm very picky about cakes & I don't usually eat frosting.  These cupcakes have been consistently moist & the frosting isn't super sweet so I gobble it up every time.  Gimme a Cupcakery cupcake & I can make it disappear in an instant.My faves: Strawberry Shortcake, Southern Belle, Strawberry Lemonade & the PBJammin.Not so fond of the Trip to Graceland.  Interesting, but probably something you need to try once, just to try.Hate that they don't have a shop closer to home!
4	*4 stars* for their red velvet cupcakes =)
1	Went to this place today because it is close by and I had a craving for something sweet. I bought the "red velvet" cupcake and thought that I would have an orgasm-inducing first-bite until I realized that it was just ordinary cake batter with food coloring and way too dry. The cream-cheese frosting was good but I can go to the store and spend $3 on frosting and get a lot more. Service was also less than great. I felt rushed and pressured to buy more. I will not be going back to them
4	This place is the devil if you're on a diet. Unless you're on an all sugar diet. It's a bit small but a great place for girly girls to indulge in pretty glittery treats. The service there is usually it's only bad point. If the cupcakes weren't so awesome I'm sure this place wouldn't do well. Seriously though, is it a requirement to be a b!tch to work there? Also most of those girls probably don't eat their cupcakes since they're such skinny minnies! Anywho, on to the good stuff, The CUPCAKES! Personaly I love the Grasshoppers the best. They're a moist chocolate cupcake with a chocolate mint frosting. Their Orange Julius cupcake is both pretty and bright. They're an orange cake with a tiny bit of pineapple in the batter. The frosting is very sweet with a orange flavor that hits you with slight tart bits. Their strawberry shortcake cupcakes have a very generic strawberry taste. A lot like a breakfast cerial fruity or Nesquik strawberry. Their Mocha cupcake is sweet, chocolate, coffee goodness but not too much on the coffee taste. The good morning cupcake is pretty much like eating a softer coffee cake/crumb cake. Cinnamon, slight maple taste, vanilla, not bad. The Chocolate Passion is another of my favorites. It's moist and if you're craving chocolate, this is the best thing next to bathing in a tub of chocolate while being fed bon bons from underware models....uh ok, so I exaggerated a bit there. Lets pull it back a bit. Back to the cupcakes, the tickle me pink is one of their most popular cupcakes since it's a safe bet. It's their basic cupcake available in both vanilla or chocolate. Their selection is always changing so you have to go there yourself and see what they have. Just be careful not to upset the plastic girls behind the counter.
5	The Orange Julius, the German Chocolate, the Red Velvet.  I felt like I was in Willy Wonka's Cupcake factory, they were absolutley delish!!!!
5	Are you that guy or gal that hangs out at the party and when it comes time to pass the cake around you say, " no thanks, I am not much of a cake eater.."  Well in this case, I think you would be nothing more but a cake eater because the cupcakes at the Cupcakery are amazing. We have a friend that works at the red robin that sits in the same parking lot so whenever we go see her upon the completion of our delectable burgers my 3 year old never forgets to yell out. " CUPCAKES DADDY", I mean she is my daughter... Walking into this place you may not know what to expect, It is small and has the cupcakes sitting out in cake dishes.  The Price tag is set at $3 a cupcake which may seem steep if you compare that to buying your favorite box of funfetti for $2 and baking a parties worth of cupcakes but once you pick up that grasshopper or southern belle and put it in your mouth, three more dollars will climb out of your pocket in a hurry.You can stand in the quiet store and enjoy your cup of cake or you can have it boxed up and go enjoy it anywhere you want but I would recommend purchasing a "Get Baked" shirt, which they sell by the way and then take your cupcake to your favorite place and devour that bad boy or girl, Gender doesn't really matter.... Its your cupcake! Anyways, to make a sure to be long winded cake pun filled review short. Go to the Cupcakery and make your best attempt and putting yourself in a sugar coma because it is almost like an old school pringles commercial once you pop you just cant stop.
4	Ended up here based on a rec from a local and loved it. The breakfast cake was nomomnom Definitely a place to come back to!
4	The Cupcakery really deserves 3.5 stars, but since they accepted cans for cupcakes during the holiday season so I boosted them up to 4. I can see my fellow elites like Mike C. and Ursula U. gave the cupcakery poor reviews. I use to not be a fan either, until I tried the red velvet aka Southern Belle. And yes probably the best red velvet I've ever had and probably the only one worth getting. Super moist cake and the cream cheese frosting is a little bit on the sweet side, but still a spectacular cupcake. The Julius seems to be another popular one, but it didn't impressed me either.  Basically an orange cupcake, which is unique concept but something needs to be added to give it more spunk. The other cupcakes I tried are nothing memorable or worth giving a second taste. Basically the only thing I recommend is the southern belle. This place definitely wins the LV Cupcake award for presentation because none of the other cupcake places in town present their cupcakes as well as The Cupcakery does.  I always thought of the Cupcakery as the Sprinkles of Las Vegas due to their popularity and number of locations throughout the valley. Can't wait to see how well they compete on the show Cupcake Wars amongst some of the best cupcake bakers in the country, if they ever get on the show.
5	Best Cupcakes EVER!!!!  Everything they make is the BOMB!!  I just wish they would open one up in the San Francisco Bay Area.  I would eat here EVERYDAY, if I wouldn't end up 500 pounds ha ha.  A must have for any special occasion or just because day! :o)
4	I've had cupcakes from The Cupcakery countless times and I am always a happy camper. The shop is super cute and has a warm ambiance. They have several flavors but my absolute favorite is their best seller, the Southern Belle. (It also doesn't hurt that my name is in it!) It is their red velvet cupcake. It's heavenly! The cake is moist and the frosting is not too sweet.The cupcakes are a little pricey but standard for these fancy cupcake shops. Today I did take advantage of their "Yesterday's Cupcakes" special. For $14.75, you get nine assorted cupcakes. Great deal and they still taste fresh!
5	I aboslutely love the cupcakes and every time I've been in the Cupcakery, the service is just as sweet as the delicious cream cheese frosting on top of the red velvet cupcake.
4	So we went here and ordered eight different cupcakes because you can't just try one!  The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly; he even cut up a cupcake for us to try!  It was a raspberry cake with a champagne frosting...amazing!  We haven't tried them all yet, but so far the ones we have tried have been very good!  Moist cake with frosting that is just the right sweetness.  The decor is very nice too!  My husband is pretty fond of their t-shirts so we might have to venture back out and buy one!  Thanks to the guy behind the counter for being so nice :)
3	This place had some beautiful looking cupcakes with glitter on them and all.  They were so pretty but I got yelled at for taking pictures of the pretty cupcakes.  That was the first time that's happened.  So, the service was a bit on the unfriendly-side.  We also felt like we were inconveniencing her in ordering as she seemed preoccupied with other things.   I got the orange cupcake and it was a really good orange cupcake.  very moist and great flavor.  Probably one of the better tasting cupcakes I've had.  However, I just have a bad taste from the unfriendliness.  Some places, unfriendliness is just expected but certainly not a cupcake place!  It should be a place of happiness and friendliness!
5	I love their Chocolate Freckle and their Southern Bell cupcakes! Good customer service. I've tired some other cupcakes around town and they were "grocery store quality" cupcakes. The Cupcakery is simply the BEST!
4	Awww... so pretty and glittery.. so sweet and sassy.. so, "I wanna lie on a fuzzy pink bean bag, while getting a pedicure, with a turquoise facial mask & cucumbers in my eyesocketts while listening to Taylor Swift's Fairytale" kind of a cupcake.  I wanted to VOMIT after eating half a dozen of 'em lil' delicious sugary cutie patooties.  My top faves are the peanut butter and choco one and the strawberry shortcake thingy.  They make a killing off these $3 posh cakes which are all indiviually and carefully decorated to your powder puff pleasure.. and it's worth every penny.  Guys.. when the ladies are PMS'n.. think about it.. this is our Savior!  ..and who knew you could eat glitter? Props on the recent discovery Cupcakery!
5	A special thanks to Nicole at the Cupcakery for making our 1st fundraiser a HUGE success!!!! Your cupcakes were the hit at our auction and the school made $1,830 to go towards helping the less fortunate in our school. Your generosity will never be forgotten!!! xoxoxoxoBEST cupcakes and staff around!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	We have been customers since this bakery first opened.  Prices have increased over the years and are currently a little too high IMHO.  The cupcakes are consistently fresh and delicious.  My personal favorite is the Oh, My Gosh ~ Ganache.
5	I love the cupcakes here drive, run use a pogo-stick just go there now stop reading..
5	Best cupcakes in town.  Everyone loves the red velvet and choclolate choices, however I think the champagne one is the absolute best!  The service has always been great.  If you send in a picture, they'll put it on a cupcake.  Great for birthday parties.  .The cupcakes are a little expensive, but I think they are well worth the price.
4	Seriously good cupcakes with creative choices. I recommend the boston cream or the southern bell (red velvet). The woman who helped me was super friendly.
5	I popped in last night because I was feeling like a sweet treat! WOW is all that I have to say! The Strawberry Shortcake cupcake is to die for! I ended up buying a dozen so I can bring them home to share! The staff that was there was so helpful because it was my first time there, and helped me pick out a variety that he said that everyone on my house would love! I highly recommend this bakery! So delicious! :)
1	Being new to Vegas I of course had to check out this amazing cupcake place everyone went on n on about... I don't see the big deal. The prices were reasonable, but the cupcakes themselves were nothing special. Giving them the benefit of the doubt I've been there on a few occasions n every time it's been the same... The cupcakes r dry n tasteless, the majority of the little flavor they do have is in the super sugary frosting, n the staff always seems as though u walking in there to purchase something is such an inconvenience to whatever else they would rather be doing.
5	OMG. It's hard to drive by this place everyday and not get a cupcake. I LOVE them. I've never met a cupcake here that I didn't like. My favorites are the strawberry, coconut and orange ones. Sorry I don't remember the names that use for them but like I said they're all super delicious.
5	LOVE the cupcakes! Very Yummy & rich!Here the following flavors on my photo (too long , so it didn't save):1ST ROW:  Strawberry Shortcake, Chocolate Passion, Boston Dream, El Rolo2ND ROW: PB Twist, Tickle Me Pink, Kir Royale, Coco Frauline3RD ROW: Southern Belle, Kir Royale, Mocha Mocha, Oh My Gosh Ganache!My personal faves are:Kir Royale -  is a moist raspberry cake with champagne frosting Boston Dream - moist vanilla cake filled with Bavarian creme and chocolate ganache.The place looks nice and clean with a couple of other merchandise for sale. And the staff is also nice and friendly. :)
3	Good cupcakes, but they didn't change my life.  The cupcakes are fluffy but I feel like there's way too much frosting and once you work through that, there's not too much left to enjoy.I do give kudos on the creativity as to the flavors and decorations.  I like buying these for birthdays because they're decorated so pretty.  I also don't think the employees are that friendly.  Overall, the cupcakes are good but not phenomenal.
5	Guaranteed sweet tooth satisfaction is found here. Add in service with a smile and the earlier 5 star review I wrote last year is still valid this year. All time favorites: Chocolate Passion,  Strawberry Shortcake, Boston Dream, Coco Frauline, and did I mention Chocolate Passion? I did, but it's so good it gets listed twice. 5 Stars, earned on selection, service, and the cupcakes themselves which are simply awesome! One obvious tip: Selection goes FAST. Don't whine if you go in at 7 pm and they only have a few cupcakes left and they're not the one you want. Just use the occasion as justification for trying something new!
4	The Kir Royale is why I stopped here. Champagne frosting on raspberry cake - nom nom nom.As I was having an adventure in Henderson today, I stopped and got a cupcake. I've been here over the years, from when it opened, and they've been consistent every time I've gone. That being said, they are pricy. I bake cupcakes myself and for the price of a dozen cupcakes, I can make several dozen cupcakes and other assorted desserts.Still, for an occasional treat, this is a great choice.
1	Delicious Cupcakes.  Horrible customer Service.  If you are planning on purchasing one or two cupcakes in their store, then this is the place.  If you are planning on ordering cupcakes for a special event, then save your aggravation & order somewhere else.  I placed an order on their website.  No confirmation was sent.  I went into the store two days before the event to verify they received my order.  The employee found the paperwork, & recited the order to me.  She missed the dozen "sugar free" cupcakes on the order.  This was an easy mistake.  The way the order is printed from their on-line order form is broken down in a way that the sugar free catagory is no where near the other flavors you select.  The day of this special event when I went to retrieve my cupcakes my order was ready and waiting in a paper bag.  I decided to purchae an extra 6 cupcakes and asked for the container to be placed in the bag along with the other 36 cupakes.  When I got to my car I decided to check & see if I could determine which dozen of the now 42 cupcakes were the sugar free, since these were for diabetic guests.  I could not see a difference, so I went back inside the store with the bag.  When I asked the staff to determine for me the sugar free cupcakes, they took my bag behind a door to the baking area. A few minutes later, the baker came out & was very dismissive.  He said I did not order sugar-free cupcakes.  I asked him to retrieve the order.  He went behind the door & when he returned, instead of apologizing for the same oversight a few days previously by the other employee, he said "I only have 8 sugar free cupcakes & I still have to make up the frosting, it's going to take 10 min.  I had no other options.  I agreed & he left behind the door again.  While I waited I noticed three sugar free cupcakes in the display.  I asked the staff if these three were included in the 8 cupcakes he had  & should I pick out 4 other cupcakes to make up the 12 I was charged for.  They left behind the door to ask the baker.  He came out again, very irritated & said "you have on your order for choclate sugar free cupcakes, 2 of the 3 cupcakes in the display are vanilla sugar free cupcakes."  I told him at this point I would take whatever sugar-free cupcakes he had.  He left again.  So again I asked the staff if I needed to pick out any other cupcakes to complete the order or did the baker now have enough sugar free cupcakes to complete the order I paid for.  They left, and returned to let me konw the baker had enough sugar-free cupcakes, just waiting on the frosting.  The paper sacked order of cupcakes was brought out to me.  I left the store.  When I got to the event and started to take the containers out of the paper bag I noticed the container I just bought in the store was not in the bag.  I was so disappointed & frustrated with the lack of customer service & quality control of this establishment I decided to go to their website & under "customer service" asked for someone to call me to go over the above complaints.  It's been almost two weeks since this request and no one has called.  Seems to me, the dismissive attitude of the staff is trickled down from the management.  The money I spent on cupcakes (some I didn't even get) I could have purchased a very nice custom cake from either Layers Bakery or Freeds Bakery that are in the same neighborhood.
3	They have the cutest decorated cupcakes here.  My favorite cupcake is the Mocha Mocha cupcake.  It's a chocolate cupcake with coffee frosting; yum!The other cupcake I thought was ok was the Almond Joy.  The cupcake I did not like was the Peanut Butter & Jelly - it wasn't as PB&J as I thought it would be.I have yet to try more of their cupcakes.  But it's definitely a great place to go and purchase a dozen of different ones for someone's birthday treat!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (55/365).
4	Best cupcakes I've had so far! The Bugsy, Strawberry Shortcake and Southern Belle are our favorites. You really can't go wrong with any choice.
3	The cupcakes here seem to have less quality as I come here more often. I love getting half a dozen cupcakes, but the last couple times-I only got two or three.The Chocolate Passion, Boston Dream, Grasshopper, Kir Royale, Oh my Ganache, Southern Belle, Strawberry Shortcake, and El Rolo are all very rich with little frosting. I do prefer cupcakes to have less frosting such as these though.Out of all of those listed above, I must say that the El Rolo and Chocolate Passion are by far the best. The Southern Belle (red velvet) is the most popular, but the flavor is just not rich enough in chocolate.
2	Sorry to say, but there's much better cupcake bakeries here in Vegas.This was probably my third time buying cupcakes from the Cupcakery at different locations. Being a chain, I probably shouldn't have tried to the 2nd or 3rd time, but it was close to where we had finished lunch.We ordered a variety. The red velvet Southern Belle, the Strawberry Lemonade, the Chocolate Passion, and the Grasshopper. Taste - Not great.Service - Ehh.Selection - I guess they do have some good choices, but nothing very unique.Try the cupcakes from Lil Brown Sugar or Caked. Fluffier, lighter, more creative, tastier... Just my opinion...
4	Since I've last posted my review, they've improoved their attitudes and are very helpful and nice.
5	These have to be some of the best cupcakes on the planet.The best cupcake here is their signature chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting.  I have no idea what makes their cupcake so "chocolatey" but it is absolutely amazing.  And I love the way the cupcake puffs up near the top.  I wish I could make these!!!  The Red Velvet is very good.The Boston Dream is incredible.The Oh My Ganache is unbelievably decadent and yummy.I haven't had the others, but I would bet my life they're amazing as well.  I would gladly put down five bucks for that chocolate cupcake though.  Maybe even ten!
3	I have a 50/50 feeling on this place based on only 2 cupcakes hence the 3 stars. I ordered the strawberry shortcake and a boston dream. My favorite of the 2 was the boston dream, the cake was perfect, the filling was amazing and the chocolate ganache top was just perfectly chocolately. I really LOVED this cupcake. The strawberry shortcake was ok, i'm not a big fan of super faux tasting fruit flavors and this one kinda had that. even the frosting wasn't that good, not really a fan of this cake in particular.I will however visit this place again to try some of the other flavors.
1	OK cakes was good, but I bought a dozen for $32 yes $32 a bit high for cup cakes and expect all the cups to be tip top shape! I came in 7:30pm and they close at 8pm and only had a few cakes left. So picked what we wanted from what they had left, when we got home 3 of the 12 cakes had that old (been sitting around) taste!!! Something you don't expect from paying $32 for 12 cakes! I do hope they replace the three bad cakes I had :/
2	I came into this store months ago with a friend.  The guy behind the counter just stared at us, we said hi, and got a flat hi back.  While we looked at everything, great selection, he stared at us as if we were about to steal cupcakes and run.  I asked a couple times, about a specific cupcake and he would just tell me the name of it, the cards gave more info than he did.  We each ordered a strawberry shortcake cupcake.  The taste was lacking just like the customer service.  The frosting was too sweet, not rich like some reviews have said.  I know frosting is supposed to be sweet, but this was too much.  And there was too much on it, the frosting was larger than the cupcake itself.  The cupcake was nothing to rave about.  I bake better cupcakes from a box.  They lacked flavor.  If I shut my eyes and tasted it, I would not be able to guess it was strawberry.  My 2nd experience confirmed my first impression of this place.  I got 6 cupcakes, all different flavors as a birthday gift.  I tried all of them.  Only the red velvet did I eat most of, it was just ok, didn't love it.  The others, one bite was enough.  What else does a bakery have besides taste, price and service?  All are hands down bad.  At least they're pretty to look at.
4	close to home, good for a sweet tooth! I only wish they were a bit larger, because one is just not enough and two is probably more than I need. But the flavors and textures seem to be pretty consistent considering the variety. I tend to lean towards the coffee/chocolate/pb flavored cupcakes. but if you have a sweet tooth this is the place to sort that out for sure!
5	My coworkers surprised me with some of these for my birthday. Thank you peeps. The lemon cupcake was a slice of heaven.   I can't wait to buy these for the next event.
5	Red Velvet!!! And the gluten free one is actually very good too!
4	I'm a chocolate lover, but their fruity cupcakes are really good. The Julius and strawberry shortcake. Yumm. Also, the german chocolate cake.
4	I think this place has great cupcakes, and it's one something I miss about not living in Vegas anymore. Wish I was just a short drive away. Their cupcakes are very moist, and I still dig them even though a few flavors have an artificial feel. If I could make a suggestion, I think they need to re-think their key lime cupcake (key to my heart)
3	Stop 4 out of 5 on our Las Vegas Cupcake Tour: The Cupcakery!  I wanted to try every one they had, but I narrowed it down.  I ordered the Kir Royale (raspberry cake with champagne frosting), the Boston Dream (vanilla cake filled with Boston creme and topped with chocolate ganache).  The Bostom Dream was a total 5-star cupcake, probably the best cupcake I've ever had.  Moist, rich, and exploding with flavor.  It was seriously amazing - I should have got a dozen. The Kir Royale, however, was pretty darn terrible. I was really looking forward to this one, and was incredibly disappointed.  It was reminiscent of a day-old glass of flat champagne with a underwhelming raspberry flavor.  My friend refused to even try it after I gave her my opinion.  The shop was small,  the staff were helpful, but not necessarily friendly.I want to go back and try other flavors to see if most of them fall along the incredible lines of the Boston Dream, or if they're icky like the Kir Royale - and I'll definitely be back to get more of the Boston Dream the next time I'm in town!  Damn, that was a fab cupcake!
5	My sister-in-law got two dozen cupcakes for a birthday party, and I was so impressed, it warranted a Yelp review. I inhaled three of the red velvet cakes over a 24-hour period-- they were so moist, and the cream cheese frosting had the perfect texture and consistency to complement the cake. Also, the cakes had the perfect icing-to-cake ratio, not to mention they were the perfect portion size for an after-dinner treat. It's a shame they don't ship, but I'll definitely come back for more next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Eh.  Had the kir royale, the cappuccino,  a vanilla/chocolate, and a ... vanilla? with pink frosting.  Honestly, they were fine but didn't taste any different than the boxed mix I can make at home.  Frosting was overwhelmingly sweet and light on actual flavor except somewhat for the cappuccino.  Not sure if my standards were set too high by Sugar Bliss in Chicago, but these just didn't measure up.On the other hand, the 14 yr old girls we got these for (birthday party) were beyond thrilled.
5	I have loved the Cupcakery since the day they opened.My current favorite cupcakes are the Brown Derby with fresh whipped cream and strawberries, and the Strawberry shortcake, both are So good!!I need to Go get one NOW!!! :)
4	Sign up for the email list and they send you special offers!The fancy cupcake trend is alive and strong here. The Cupcakery serves up some greeeeat red velvet cupcakes (they call em the Southern Belle go figure) but yum!The Cupcakery has a few locations in town (I think 2 or 3) but I believe this 1 is the original. Its one of the first fancy cupcakes places in town. And though we don't have a Sprinkles (yet) this place definitely delivers. All of the cupcakes have a ton of creamy frosting on top, to many including me its too much so I take it off. The cake is moist but not oily, and they have a pretty wide selection, with a couple rotating items.At around $3-4 bucks a pop its kinda of expensive for a cupcake but remember, this ain't the stuff you get at the supermarket. The cupcakes are fresh and well worth the extra buck or two.
3	The cupcakes here are really the cutest things ever, so I've gotten them several times for events. But realistically, they are very expensive, and a little too sweet for my personal taste.
3	Ordered some cupcakes for the superbowl here.  The cupcakes were pretty good imo, not the best i've ever had.  The decorations were super cute, and everyone at the party we went to loved them.  They were super expensive though for a dozen cupcakes.  I haven't tried many cupcake places in the valley, but this one is alright.
5	Went here last March & was fortunate to have tried new flavors before they got sold out!New flavors I've tried: * Coco Frauline - Dark chocolate w/ creamy coconut and pecan.  * Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup - Rich chocolate cake topped w/ peanut butter frosting & sprinkled w/ mini chocolate kisses.* Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup - Chocolate w/ peanut butter frosting sprinkled w/ mini chocolate kisses.* Mound of Joy - Sweet coconut cake topped w/ rich chocolate buttercream frosting, shaved coconut & almonds.My top faves:* Lemon Berry - Lemon cake topped with a fruity blueberry frosting. I finally had this one! It was sold out last time I went.* Coffee and Bailey's - Coffee infused cake w/ Bailey's Irish Cream frosting. I LOVE this one!!! Only available in March though.* Good Morning, Cupcake - Vanilla cake w/ cinnamon swirl topped w/ a sweet glaze. On  my cupcake box photo:1ST ROW: Lemon Berry, Coco Frauline, Chocolate Passion2ND ROW: Mocha Mocha, Good Morning, Cupcake, Coffee & Bailey's3RD ROW: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Coffee & Bailey's, Mocha Mocha4TH ROW: El Rolo, Mound of Joy, Lemon BerrySome of the cupcakes looked extra cute because of the clover and pot of gold rings. :) Still the best cupcake place for me so far. It's a plus that they also have glutten-free and sugar-free cupcakes!
1	Horrible service ! My daughter asked for a sample and was given a smart ass remark by the girl behind the counter . We bought 3 overpriced cupcakes and I told my wife we will never go back because of the bad attitude of the staff member . Nothing bunt cakes are waaaaay better
5	My favorite Cupcake Shop. The Kir Royale is my absolute favorite (Raspberry cupcake with champagne flavored icing.  Delicious and very original. The Southern Belle is also a very good red velvet cupcake. This is my standby if I'm not sure what flavor to get someone.The Grasshopper is pretty good - kind of like a girl scout cookie, and Strawberry lemonade is pretty self explanatory. My niece really likes it. Carrot cake cake pops were also really good. So far I haven't had a bad cupcake from here. Also, I highly recommend contacting them to put a photo on an order of cupcakes. It's such a cute idea. We've done it a few times for a friends birthday and it always comes out really cute.
5	Holy cupcake! I am still in a chocolate/sugar coma...wow, I had the chocolate chocolate cupcake with LOTS of chocolate frosting and it was erotic it tasted so good! My mom got the hummingbird....it was ok, had fruit and nuts in it (not my thing but she loved it). This place is so yummy, and I wanted to eat everything there-Im also pregnant so that probably added to things :) Definitely try this amazing place, the girl at the counter was very nice and friendly.
5	I ordered 60 cupcakes from this place for a work event.  I live in Denver so I picked them up on my way to the event.  Every cupcake got special attention and looked great.  If I could make one recommendation it would be to put ice bags on top or underneath as the car was 100degrees when we got back into it and the icing started to melt.
5	Don't miss this place if you LOVE a good cupcake.  Store is fun, the cupcakes are beautiful (& tasty). Some even have fairy dust on them so they twinkle & sparkle. Loved the orange & lemon.  Great flavor, perfect texture and good balance of frosting. Grab a cold milk or a cup of coffee & enjoy. And ... EAT MORE CUPCAKES!!!
4	Cute cupcake shop. Decorated in a very girlie way. Ordered Tickle Me Pink cupcake and loved it! The frosting is the best part! Haha! The cashier was very helpful and friendly. Yes, I will go back to satisfy my sweet tooth.
4	I only eat one flavor from here & that's red velvet. I think I could seriously eat their red velvet cupcakes until I pass out. I had the wonderful opportunity of trying them at a volunteer I was doing & thankfully they have us the left overs so I got my hands on 6 red velvet cupcakes. Now I'm not a huge dessert person & I don't have a big sweet tooth but wow there's just something about that red velvet. The frosting was very delicious & I usually don't like a lot of frosting on my cupcake but it was very yummy! Not too sweet at all but definitely flavorful. The cupcake itself was moist & spongy. I even some in the fridge for about 2 days & it was still good! I only wish that it wasn't so far from my house. But that red velvet tho!
1	The Cupcakery sells ONE item and can't even get it right. Their Southern Belle (red velvet) cupcake is good, but if you order any other flavor, expect to get a dry, day old cupcake.  I will pay whatever price for a quality product, but the fact that The Cupcakery consistently tries to get away with selling dry, stale cupcakes is disgusting. Don't you have any pride???!?? I hate to make comparisons in my reviews, but Showboy's cupcakes by Anthem/Seven Hills are so much better and the customer service is always outstanding. I can tell the owners really care about what they are doing.
4	I'm so happy my cupcake-loving friend and I decided to do another unofficial Las Vegas cupcake tour this year, and I'm really happy to say that The Cupcakery has impressed me more than last year.  After my blissful experience with the Boston Dream last year, I had to have that again.  In fact, as soon as I planned another trip to Vegas, I began dreaming about having another one of these.  SO FREAKING GOOD.  And still is!! I also tried their pumpkin cupcake (seasonal), and the chocolate peanut butter cup.  Both were, as I'm happy to report, fantastic.  Moist cake, perfectly sweet frosting, an amazing cupcake experience!  Last year's Kir Royale experience is a thing of the past (although I'd still stay away from that one)!!!
3	I've come here to buy cupcakes for special occasions a couple times...I love the decorations as well as the taste. The only reason I am giving 3 stars is the not so friendly customer service. So far this one young girl has rung me up my last 3 purchases and she didn't even give me a single smile and I swear to God I wasn't being rude or picky. What is up with that attitude seriously? I mean if u don't want to be a cashier then apply to work in the kitchen; and if this is a family business then I seriously that girl fixes her attitude because she might end up chasing all the customers away
4	The Cupcakery is amazing!!!I was in Las Vegas with my family recently and we were on the hunt for cupcakes on Christmas Eve. Thanks to my handy dandy yelp app, we found The Cupcakery, and it was definitely a lucky find!First of all the shop is adorable, it's bright and full of character. The staff was awesome and extremely helpful. They were really patient with us as they explained their menu. They have a box of fresh samples and they give a generous sample size. They have lots of different cupcake flavors, many of which were decorated in the holiday spirit. Some were so pretty that I didn't want to eat them....but of course my family and I did. We ordered a dozen cupcakes: Red Velvet, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Brown Derby, their Chocolate and Vanilla Cupcakes, and a Cucumber Chocolate Chip cupcake. I tried the Red Velvet, Brown Derby, and Cucumber Chocolate Chip and I thought I hit the cupcake jackpot. They were moist, delicious, just the right frosting to cupcake ratio. The frosting complimented the cupcakes perfectly with the right amount of sweetness. Great cupcake place! We will definitely keep this place in mind.
4	I never been a sweet tooth but I have to  admit one of the best cakes I ever had The place is beautiful and you'll only get the best here pricey but hey you get what you pay for
4	I love this place! Great cupcakes!
5	Frosting Shots - .50 cents.  And sooo good. Not only that, they are a decent size, not just a tiny cup.  The cupcakes are great too, not dry like some of the other stores out there.  They have free samples of some of the favorites daily.  The staff is friendly and they do seem to take pride in their store.  I am put off that there isn't even a quaint little table to sit at and eat the cupcake.  Really should only knock it down a half a star but it would make the whole experience soo much better. Still, I have to go with 5 stars over 4 despite this shortcoming.They had about 10 different flavors to choose from while I was there.
2	I came here again because I wanted to buy some cupcakes for a friend. Another girl was behind the counter so I thought maybe I wouldn't have to put up with the attitude but guess I was wrong. This girl was pretty much the same as the last. No smile and when I asked for a paper box since it was a present, I don't know if it was me or something, but expression literally said 'seriously, you're only buying 6 cupcakes, why so troublesome?'. I mean, I pay almost $20 for this, instead of a plastic box that makes it look like i got it from some groceries store, nice-looking box would be much appreciated
5	You can't go wrong here!
2	Waaaay to sweet and higher price than most. On the positive side, they had a lot of choices, shop was bright, and the storekeeper was helpful. If super sweet desserts is your thing, this is the place to go. As for me, i felt my teeth falling out with every bite, so I'll continue my search.
5	My favorite place to go for cupcakes! Love the Southern Belle. The frostings are yumm and so is the cake. Love the texture of the cakes. I'm kinda picky on cakes. Some places are either too dry,oily, light. Not here. It's dense, but fluffy, and never dry or oily, just perfect. Love this place :)
3	I loved this place. They always had a good selection and product was yummy! I was a little put off though because of some confusion over a groupon, timing, and availability. Every other experience I have had has been a good one, but I have decided to try other places.
5	If you're looking for the best cupcake you've ever had, it's going to be from here. I think everyone gets caught up in the hype with other places(Sprinkles Cupcakes), but they have nothing on The Cupcakery. The red velvet is by far the best cupcake I've ever had, but the grasshopper and the bugsy come in close second. A lot of reviews say the cake is dry, but I've never had that experience before. Overall this is my favorite cupcake shop and I highly recommend you give it a shot
5	I love this place. My favorite cupcake is the chocolate peanut butter & carrot cake. Cute boutique with a colorful atmosphere. Nothing but delicious is what you with taste.
5	I LOVE this bakery! My boyfriend and I came to Vegas for his birthday vacation and I ordered custom Futurama cupcakes for the occasion. The design was jaw-dropping! We were both very impressed by the detail and care they put into our order. Not only was the design incredible, my boyfriend said that it was the best chocolate cake he has ever eaten. Even the price for these cupcakes were reasonable. They are willing to work with you, even with a small order. I wish The Cupcakery was closer to home, since I would go there all the time!
2	Way overpriced!  Rude sign in front that says "be nice or leave" really?! That can put anyone in a bad mood to see that as they enter.  Clear boxes are ugly, ask for cardboard box.  Wish I could just bake myself.
5	Best cupcake place in town and always puts a big smile on my face when I go. No other cupcake place can ever compare in my opinion. They are a bit on the pricey side but the taste and design or their cupcakes are no ordinary and worth every bite! They make custom cupcakes to almost any design or theme you can think of. The chocolate peanut butter and Strawberry shortcake has always been my fav.
3	Rarely a day goes by when I don't curse Magnolia Bakery in NYC for starting this crazy expensive cupcake craze. Almost $4 for a regular sized cupcake? For eggs, flour, sugar and butter? I guess we sweet-toothed consumers are all to blame because if people would just stop paying for overpriced cakes, the prices would have to come down. That being said, if you like expensive cupcakes, this place has pretty good ones. I don't think the price tag is indicative of the quality (and some of the flavors are way better than others) but you could do worse at any number of the overpriced cupcake shops in the area. This location is more of a take-out place, not a sit-down cupcake cafe. It's located in the hard-to-maneuver Red Robin shopping center so if you are taking some kids out for dinner, be prepared to hear screaming to stop for a cupcake.
1	The whole shop is unsophisticated and the theme caters more towards children than adults.I sampled the lemon cupcake with strawberry frosting. The cupcake as a whole was artificially sweet and tasted almost as bad as grocery store cupcakes. Because of the sample I wasn't going to purchase any of the cupcakes. In this case giving out samples did not work in the shops favor.
3	The Cupcakery has pretty darn good cupcakes! In Las Vegas, probably the best, even though I would not say that for other parts of the US.Some flavors are better than others, and the breakfast 'coffee cake' cupcakes are divine. The frosting is proportional to the cake, which is nice, and the cake is moist and of good quality. I could honestly order just cupcake and no frosting and be perfectly happy about it The price is something to be desired. $3 - $4 for a single cupcake is a little much, so I save these for extreme special occasions.
3	This girl loves her sugar and treats.  I had passed this place many times and I decided it was time to indulge.  We walked into a cute little shop.  There are varieties of cupcakes in a display case with other varieties along the top of the counter.  Some options are grasshopper, chocolate peanut butter and cinnamon roll.  There weren't any employees out from the back so we had a bit to ponder over which goodies to take home.  Finally a girl came out to help us out.  Well, stare at us with a grumpy face was more like it.  I wasn't enthused with the service.  It certainly doesn't make me want to rush back here.  I'm hoping this improves in the future.  We did eat the cupcakes at home.  Yes they were good.  Very moist and frosting was creamy and decadent.  But $3.50 per cupcake or $19 for 6 makes me want to bake my own though.  To summarize- great cupcakes but poor service.
1	Cupcakes are alright, not a lot of selection. Staff is incredibly rude and unprofessional I literally walked out of shop due to the rude sales girl.
4	Cute little shop, the cupcakes are SO delicious! They're so sweet and have the perfect taste. Definitely a favorite. There is a large variety of flavors which are all yummy. Only downside is that they are a bit pricey, other than that the service is great, they taste amazing and I would recommend.
5	I found The Cupcakery on Yelp during a late night search to satisfy my sweet craving. I decided to stop in the next day, since they were already closed for the night, to try out a cupcake for myself. Alas, my sweet tooth was finally satisfied with my first visit here...The Cupcakery exceeded my expectations and left me hungry for more! The shop is relatively small, but quaint with lots of pictures and posters adorning the walls. There were a few beautiful "dummy cakes" that showcased some of the intricate cake decorating they can do. The case was fully stocked (my visit was mid-afternoon on a Friday) with nicely decorated, colorful and enticing standard and mini sized cupcakes, as well as cake pops! I was grateful to have been offered a sample of one of their flavors; this really hooked me and raised my excitement!    I ordered two different cupcakes, the Strawberry Lemonade and the Sweet & Salty. Both cupcakes were extremely moist and fluffy with bold flavors in both the cakes and frostings. I know the Sweet & Salty is supposed to be just that, sweet and salty, however there was just a tad too much salt on top for my taste. A small dial down on the salt topping would achieve it's effect and make it perfect! The staff was also friendly and attentive. While I was awaiting my turn, I over heard one of the girls behind the counter thoroughly explaining and answering questions another patron was asking. It was nice to hear that their employees knew what ingredients were in their products and were willing to share their knowledge and recommendations. I would highly recommend The Cupcakery to anyone. I am excited for my future visits and to to try many other flavors!
5	One word BOMB!! Yummy love their red velvet cupcakes.My son gets the carrot cupcakes. Called "bugsy"As they say you get what you pay for.And this place is yummy :)Will definitely he coming back.
5	I love this place! Hands down the best cupcakes in Vegas. I used to use a local bakery down the street from here for all my cakes for years, but have gotten them from here the last few occasions and could not be happier! Everyone is always super nice and patient! There was only one horrible experience a couple weeks ago with a girl with purplish hair and glasses, she was so rude and crabby. But the cupcakes definitely made up for it, which is why I still give them 5 stars!
3	I still like this company; however, if you're going for the flavor of the month, don't go at the end of the month (last 2-3 days). They probably won't have it. Disappointing!
5	Very nice! The shop itself is kind of tacky but that doesn't matter as soon as you eat one of the cupcakes! I tried the red velvet (which I typically don't like red velvet) and LOVED IT! The butter cream frosting is delicious and the cake itself was the best I've ever had. Can't wait to go back there again!
2	I am a stickler for a good cupcake. I mean, who isn't!?!?! After hearing super duper mixed reviews on The Cupcakery, I made the decision to give it a chance. The store seems, eclectic. Not my taste, but the way a place looks really isn't the end all be all. Honestly, I have eaten food out of places that looked like they closed down months ago so I don't judge.I tried the cupcake that was some version of salted caramel.The cake was okay. Not sure if it was caramel or butterscotch on it. That wasn't bad. The problem was that when I bit into the whole thing, all I tasted was salt. Whoever made the cupcake put about 10 times too much salt and I had to spit it out and only eat the cake part.I plan on giving them another chance at some point, but you guys, come on. Covering a cupcake in salt. No. Just no. BOOOOOOO!!!
4	Very impressed with my selections here! Tasty and very fresh! The decor could have been a little more streamlined but that will not stop me from coming back for more goodies at this Bakeshop.
5	I love this cupcake shop...anytime I'm in Vegas I stop by...I stick with my favorites...kir royale, strawberry and southern belle...the cake is always moist and delicious and the frosting isn't overpowering or 2 sugary...I tend to remove the frosting from most cupcakes and leave a little bit, I do the same with there's as well...but the difference is the cake can stand on its own...the service is hit or miss I must say....no won has been nasty..however they couldbe a little more friendly..I'm glad the interaction is brief.....The decor is pleasant enough, I've never had an issue with as others have stated....but than again I'm just taking my cupcakes to go...
4	My sis who lives in Vegas absolutely loves this place.  So I'm not surprised that she took me here when I said I wanted cupcakes for dessert.  We ended up getting 2 dozen of assorted cupcakes as we were celebrating my nephews baptismal at a nearby restaurant.  Based on availability, they were able to fulfill the order with just a moments notice.  My personal faves are the following:Southern Belle (Red Velvet)Oh, my gosh ganache (Vanilla with chocolate filling)Lemon cremeBugsy (carrot cake)The nice thing about this business is that they offer shipping and a delivery service.  Or if you're in the area, you can do it the old fashion way and walk right in to pick up!
3	I feel like this trend a "craft cupcakes" is coming to a quick end, but that doesn't mean the finish line can't be tasty. The Cupcakery is on my way home and for the most part my sweet tooth is non-extent, but my GF's is big enough for the both of us. She threatened to kill my cat if we didn't pull over so she could sink her screaming sweet tooth into a frosted caky dessert. After the I weighed it out in my head... "Yeah sure why not". We walked in and I was surprised at how small the location is, but that sweet smell got me all "Pepe Le Pew" in my brain as I floated to the cupcake counter with sugar coated smells leading the way. We tried a few samples, Red Velvet, S'more, and Boston Cream Pie. The Red Velvet was ok, but was pretty run-of-the-mill. After long periods of contemplating different flavor profiles, what beer goes best with the S'more flavor, and what was going happen next on the Walking Dead. We finally decided on a few flavors, "We'll have the Boston Cream Pie and a S'more cupcake. The Boston Cream Pie was very good with a smooth shiny chocolate coating, a lite fluffy cake underneath, and that creamy goodness in the center that one should get with this type of dessert. The S'mores was good, but almost to sweet for my taste. All in all the desserts here are pretty good and the staff was very helpful and patient during our long ordering process. These sweet treats where a little pricey. Something like $7 for two cupcakes. I would recommend this location if you're in the neighborhood and looking to fulfill both your cupcake craving and save a kitty at the same time.
5	Rolo....Thank you for the suggestion cute man behind the counter!!  it was absolutely delicious!!!  Waiting for my hubs to break into his Sweet N Salty one....OR perhaps i will just wait for him to go to bed!!  Can't wait to come back!
5	The first time I went to the cupcakery was about a year ago when the place where I would have my cell phone repeatedly fixed was right next door. Due to lack of service one time, the cellphone store gave me some business cards for the cupcakery  that enabled me to get free cupcakes. One cupcake was all it took to get me hooked. Now, whenever I am in the area, I stop by and get a cupcake, I don't care how much of a hurry I am in. Every single one has been a pleasure. In fact, I have a friend who flies in every few months and we must go to Red Robin as that is his favorite place and there are none close by where he lives. This time, I took him to the Cupcakery which is right across the parking lot after his Red Robin meal and all he did for the next three days was rant and rave about his cupcake and how good it was. So now we have another Cupcakery addict.  Yes, $3.95 is a lot to spend on a cupcake. But I don't care if it's quality. The ingredients, the balance between them all, the icing on the top, the presentation, it is all perfection. Each time I have been in there either one or two gentlemen have waited on me promptly, and they are always friendly, cheerful and very helpful when it comes down to narrowing down the many choices.  Give it a try!
4	The vanilla cupcake with chocolate/coconut frosting is so yummy!! One of the best I've ever had!I also tried the carrot cupcake and it wasn't bad but nothing compared to the vanilla.I will definitely be coming back to try more flavors!!The guy who was helping me was so nice, he cut samples of which ever one I wanted to try. There are lots of coupons you can find too, to get free cupcakes!!
4	My favorite is chocolate freckles, very rich chocolate cupcake and moist. The red velvet doesn't really taste like red velvet and when you squeeze the cupcake it feels oily. A little too pricey for a dozen cupcakes.
5	ok, went back yesterday (11/29/14)...got the OMG Ganache, Coconut Bliss and Sweet & Salty (hubs liked it so much the first time, didn't want to try something new)  First eaten was the OMG Ganache and OMG is right!!  simply decadent!!  Saved the Coconut Bliss for breakfast this morning....This one is my hands down fav!  Coconut cake with cream cheese coconut frosting....AND believe it or not, it wasn't a coconut overload.....just the perfect amount of sweet with coconut.  Definately doing this one again......But i still have so many more flavors that i can't wait to try!!  THANK YOU to the team of The Cupcakery on Eastern!!  Toes were curled AGAIN!!!
3	3 stars for moist and not overly sweet cupcakes. Minus 1 star for rude sign saying "Be nice or leave" and minus 1 star for $3.50 per cupcake. $19 for half a dozen cupcakes is a little pricey in my book... Before we even walked into the store we saw the sign "Be nice or leave" through the window. A complete turn off but we still decided to give it a try. Walked inside and we weren't greeted, no biggie because the women behind the counter was helping another customer. They had a decent variety of flavors to choose from. We ended up getting half a dozen because I couldn't bring myself to pay more than $20 for cupcakes.... The coconut one was delicious. Not too sweet, with a subtle coconut flavor. Cupcake was moist and it had sweetened coconut flakes on top of the frosting. Gingerbread was also very good. Cream cheese frosting was the perfect compliment to the not overpowering gingerbread flavor. Sad that I probably won't be returning because of the bad taste left in my mouth by that sign... I'm all for letting customers know you would like a happy environment but I have to think there is a better way to convey that message...
5	BEST Cupcakes I've ever had in my Life! I know there are a few places that are pretty yummy but I think this one tops them all. Try their Red Velvet Cupcake!
