4	I have been a member here now for over 5 years and love it. It is never too packed (during lunch or around 4 pm) and the staff is friendly and keeps the paper towel racks replenished! They have a big locker room with showers and I think an iron and ironing board. They have free weights and a circuit training room as well as all the treadmills and elliptical and bikes and then a large weight room too. Good stuff! The most expensive monthly membership is only 19.99 too.
1	Never have I been harassed for dropping weights, doing dead lifts, or making the accidental grunt.... except when I was working out at Planet Fitness. The staff is rude, and certain employees make it their mission to seek out and reprimand us violators of Planet Fitness workout code. What a joke!!I can understand if I'm a workout junkie with massive arms and chest who intimidates other patrons by hoarding the equipment and the dropping of 50+ lb weights, but I'm a 40-something female who keeps to myself with the use of an ipod. Yet I'm singled out for my inappropriate behavior (thank goodness the siren has never gone off in my honor)!The price might be right at Planet Fitness, but the Nazi-like atmosphere is not worth the $10/month (plus I like exercise classes). There are other health clubs in the Charlotte region that might cost a little bit more, but the comfort of knowing no one is watching your every move is worth the extra dollars.
4	HOW can you beat the price? It has everything, not TOO everything where you would be overwhelmed. Yet, enough to feel that price was worth every penny.  The only drawback to this - the bathroom stalls, need some serious cleaning on the floor and a bit of repair. Otherwise, I would give it a 5 - wish I was able to give it 4 1/2.  The trainers - you will like them.  They even have special treat for members (hint: food) every month. So... again, how can you beat this?
4	I visit this Planet Fitness when I'm in Charlotte. Great layout for the gym and the staff is nice. I think the area for the free weights and dumbbells is a little small. They only have two smith machines, it works for me because I'm normally here early in the afternoon.
