2	If you like boneless wings with a million sauce options this is a Buffalo Wild Wings alternative for you.The husband and i decided to try out Hurricane's a few weeks ago and meh is all I can really say. My husband appreciated the fact that they were able to make a proper buffalo chicken sandwich (chicken breast is completely tossed in wing sauce) but I was left questioning whether or not the chicken in their chicken chili was really chicken- or pressed chicken pieces with chicken flavoring. The service was ok but like the food, nothing to write home about.If dragged here again I would probably go with the intention to drink- not eat.
4	Ok, so I just ate lunch here (like 10 minutes ago :o)) Anyway, it was pretty good. Someone from there was marketing and came into my work with a free lunch voucher, so I figured I'd try it out. So, I go in, atmosphere is relaxed, decor is island-ish, nice new establishment. I really like the muraled walls. When I gave the waitress my voucher she had that annoyed attitude. Here's my thought, the free voucher is to get me in, try the food, and want to come back. If the service is poor, then you just lost business and the free meal was a waste. ANYWAY, I ordered the boneless wing platter (wings and fries and another side). It's $9.99. I'd say the price fits what you get. I got 10 boneless wings in the sauce of my choice with fries. I wanted a salad with my platter instead of coleslaw, she said there's a charge. Salad was big for a side salad and it was good. You can sample wing sauces before picking one, I ended up with the medium hurricane sauce, the normal hot wing sauce. I loved it. It had good flavor and went nicely with fries. I'd say this is definitely the beer and wing joint, the menu is just appetizers, wings, and sandwiches and they have a full bar. One disappointment is that their happy hour food deals are not great.
3	I really liked this place the first time that my family and I went to eat there.  Nice ambiance and a good place to take the kids.  We decide to take our friend and her family there and get the worse service.  Only half of us got our food at the same time.  When I finally got my food, my friends where already done and my hamburger bun was soaking wet.  I asked for a side of bbq sauce and got hot sauce instead and then the server changed me for the side of hot sauce.  We talked to the manager and he was very nice.  Comped my food and apoligized.
2	Biz partner and I went there today for lunch. We went at 11am, which is right when they open. Place was dead and the waitresses couldn't seem less enthused. There were more people working in the place than came in in the hour + we were there. We ordered the bonless wings (hot). Not bad, but I'd agree with the other review comparing them to Buffalo Wild Wings. I ordered a burger, medium. It came well done and was very bland. I didn't even finish it. The fries...what can I say but WOW. I like salt, but this was crazy. WAYYYYY too much salt on them. Disgusting. Biz partner's were just as bad.  As far as ambiance, the decor is different with the island theme and all, but one guy actually mopped the floors and a waitress walked around with towels on her feet to dry it while we were there. She even joked that she was so embarrassed that she was told to do this and just wanted to sit at out table.Then the bill came...12 wings, 2 sodas, 2 burgers...$38 without tip. Could have saved $10 and went to Applebee's. We won't be back anytime soon.
4	My wife and I went there for dinner tonight and were pleasantly surprised with the whole thing environment, staff, prices and food.  We ordered the parmesan cheese fries appetizer and the chicken tender sampler platter.  The platter gives you a chance to try four of their 34 different sauces and they also let you make up your own by combining some; try the BBQ mixed with the Habanero Lime Toss.  The fries were very good and the chicken was tender.  They had a decent amount of TV's and were strategically placed where everyone gets a peek.  My wife and I started a check list of the sauces so we can try them all.  For sure coming back...
1	I got very, very sick after eating here with some friends-I would have to blame the Diet Coke as that was the only thing different that I had (and it did taste a bit moldy, didn't drink much of it)  My friends thankfully were spared the disease.We all had chicken salads and they were nothing special but I'll likely not return due to me heaving my guts out the night before a flight to Chicago..............Now, as a Maricopa Cty. certified food handler I know that food poisioning can take up to three days to manifest and you may not know 100% the cause of your gastro-intestinal distress.  But as I was walking to my truck after lunch my stomach was already churning and burning....
4	Love Hurricane Grill & Wings! They have so many sauce options for my husband, nothing is ever hot enough for him, but the top one was wonderful and he loves it. I love the fact that since I cannot eat poultry, there are a lot of other options for me on the menu! Not like other places we have went to for sure. Their happy hour is terrific and when the band is playing we always have a good time! Highly recommend :)
3	My wife and I went to eat here as we got a half price coupon and we really enjoyed urself.  The food was good as was the atmosphere.  I would definitely go back again.
5	Love this place for their Chile lime churrasco and onion rings with ranch dressing.  Love their wings extra chrispy!  I always get their hee-haw junction drink too.  Best ever!!!!
1	Worst.......restaraunt........ever!!! Got dragged here a couple of times by a group of friends.the hostesses were nice and friendly,the decor was laid back,the food and service was just awful though.the beer tastes like it came out of dirty taps.it was skunky and gross.waited 15 mins.for server to waddle over to us.she mustve thought she was hot stuff because she had on a really short skirt and was about oh....60 lbs.overweight.gross!good if your on a diet I guess.she acted like it was a privelage to be served by her.as she was too busy talking to co workers in the middle of taking our order.the food was greasy and mediocre.the grilled chicken tastes frozen and is full of fillers.my friend said the wings were good though.the cliental consists of loud, drunk,demanding old people.we got stuck next to a group of like 10 of them and everytime any server walked by they demanded something loudly and rudely.I was shocked to see that every server dropped what they were doing to cater to these gereatrics.it really affected our service along with other peoples who were sitting near us.then later that night they had live music.it was just some stuck up hipster with an acoustic playing the same tired old cover songs we've all heard a million times before,mixed with his desperate need for attention by chatting up the drunks at the bar loudly over the microphone.the music/cries for attention were soooo loud we couldn't even carry on a conversation without screaming at each other.the whole scene was just annoying.
1	Used to be a great place to visit.  Unitl you have one bartender that gets away with cussing out customers that request Diamondbacks games on the TV's. Guess being in the family means more than the customers.
2	Well I have heard great things about this place so me and my husband and friends went there on a sunday got a table and waited for about 10 minutes before the waitress came over to get are drink orders. Strike 1. she takes are drink order,and the men in the group ordered beer and us ladies has sodas. The bartender actually ran are beers over to our table. Strike 2. the place was not busy. The waitress then comes back over to take our order and forgot are sodas,Strike 3. The food was really good but if you are expecting great service i would suggest to take your order togo.
4	Cheap beerNice outside patioFood is good
5	Best wings in Surprise. I miss Buffalo Wild Wings but this place does have more of a selection of wings.
3	My friend was right! The Mahi fish tacos are pretty good! They are grilled so you don't feel as bad about eating them. The firecracker shrimp tacos have a little kick in the flavor, but they are definitely not spicy. I ordered hurricane rice instead of fries to go with the seafood tacos, but I guess the waitress forgot to tell them, so I ended up with fries. The regular fries were overcooked and lacked taste. It was a strange texture because once you bit into the fries, there was a crunch but it seemed like nothing was inside the fries. My other friend got the sweet potato fries, which I didn't know was even available, and that was much better than the regular fries. I'm not sure if it's always this way with the fries, or we just tasted the regular fries on a "bad" day, but just to be sure, I'm going to order the sweet potato fries next time. I should probably try the wings next time, since that is in the title of their restaurant/bar, but I didn't want to have buffalo chicken wing breath before going back to work. I like this place though. This was my second time back.
5	Great food !They may be famous for their wings, but I love the other food here too.Try the Chicken Quesadillas or the Sliders. Another fave of mine is the Fish Fry on Fridays.Service is great. The staff is very friendly and helpful.They often have live music on Fridays.
1	Wife and I arrived at 6 pm.  Seated promptly, waiter arrived at 6:10 brought us our drink order 6:15.  Never stopped by again.  In the interim, he took food orders from 2 tables that arrived after we did.  Left at 6:30.  When we reached the door, hostess said " have a good evening".  I told her to tell our waiter that  we were leaving, thanks for the Coke!  Walked across to Picasso's.  Great Food, Great Service.
4	Yummy! Hubby had pulled pork sandwich and regular fries. He was happy! I got jumbo wings with garlic Parmesan sauce and kettle chips. Yummy! Love their wings lots of meat and crisp.
5	I visit the Hurricane for Jamaican Jerk wings.  The flavor was a bit odd to me at first, kind of a sweet jerk sauce with a little bite but not too hot.  The more of them I ate, the better they tasted.  The wings are meaty and they have a 5 piece that is great for lunch.  PBR is cheap all the time.
4	My wife and I went to the Hurricane Grill on Valentines for dinner.  Overall we had a better then average experience and will be coming back.  The place was pretty full with tons of TVs and various games for all sports fans.  The drink specials were plentiful and reasonably priced.  As far as the food goes.  The menu has a tropical beach feel, but with a wide verity for all tastes.  My choice was the pulled pork quesadilla and cyclone sauce on the side. The pork was tender, flavorful, and not overly salty.  The sauce packed plenty of flavor, but not as hot as I thought it would be.  The only real down side, and the reason for the one star deduction, was that it was very greasy. Other then that, the staff was pleasant and prompt.  We might not go back on a regular basis, but we will be back for sure!
4	LOVE, love, love Hurricane for the best (boneless--my preference) wings in the West Valley!  SO many wonderful flavor choices to choose from--it's always difficult to pick our favorites.  Not only have we brought several friends to enjoy Hurricane, we brought an entire car club (a group of approx. 25 people).  The service was spectacular, that evening especially!  My ONLY reason for not giving a 5 star rating is that many times the live music is a bit too loud.  In general, it is good music for a small "2 man band", but the volume level needs to be toned-down a bit so that patrons can still easily converse with members in their party without shouting when they are sitting right next to each other. Also....bring back Apple-Bourbon wing sauce!!!
5	Seriously some of the best wings I've had...I was able to taste them after having bar hopped with a great friend.They have the biggest selection of sauces I have ever seen!  The wings are huge and they do not skimp on this sauce!  Fries were crispy and tasty...service was quick and beer was cold.  I mean what more can you ask for.  They have a huge patio and you can sit at the bar while still sitting outside which is great at this time of the year in AZ!
4	Great wings with a wide selection of sauces. Don't ignore the rest of the menu. I've had some great fish here as well.
2	At a $1 a piece for wings way too pricey for very small wings, good service but wouldn't try the wings again
4	Looking for place to watch the game with a lot of tv's, has cold beer and really good wings? Here ya go, Hurricane Grill is it. This place is nothing special with decor or anything, but the selection of wing sauce is outstanding, and the size of the bone-in wings is excellent. The waitress gave us a recommendation on 2 sauces that was spot on. We will be back again and again. Comfortable neighborhood spot.
5	What's not to love about 34 flavors of wings? Like ice cream gone chicken....some of the more memorable (and tasty) wings I've ever enjoyed!
5	I LOVE this place!!!  So many sauces, so little time, but the Coco Loco and the Maple Pepper are two of my favorites.
4	4+ for me. We keep going back week after week, and take our family there. The place is REALLY popular with the 50+ population. I really like the the Jamaican Jerk sauce, and have to say it's probably my favorite. This is our #1 place for wings, bar food and cold beer.
3	Food is really good but too expensive. $76 for three of us. Over a dollar per wing, just way too much. Service is slow at best. Had to grab other servers to ask for service. No complaints about the food but can get the same quality elsewhere for much less $. Rice was dry and I just took one bite. Both cabbage salads were not good. The appetizer of fries, fried pickles, shrimp and boneless wings was disappointing. The only thing that was good was the honey garlic sauce. So close to being good but just missing the mark. Price is just way too high for the taste.
1	This review is being written one hour after arriving on Mondays wing night. The wings we ordered still are not out. Can't comment on the food because it still isn't here. It isn't packed. Luckily they were able to refill our drinks twice so that they can jack up our tab. Not happy.
1	We have been here 3 times now.. it has always taken a little longer than most restaurants to get our food.. but this time was completely awful in more ways than just that. It was not busy in any way... It took a little less than 5 minutes to even be greeted. After taking our drink order, our server told us she would be right back to get our food order.  After 15 minutes the bartender brought us our drinks.. our server still did not come back after another 10 minutes. After 30 minutes our server finally took our order. We ordered a basket of fries as an appetizer, and she brought us a side. When we told her that we ordered the appetizer of fries.. she told us they didn't carry that anymore. And brought us another side that they charged us for. Then after being at the restaurant for over an hour.. we received our wings that we order.. which came out with the wrong sauces. We then asked for a couple sides of ranch, for our order of 20 wings.. she brought us, one small ramekin of ranch.. Then after waiting for our check for another 10 minutes.. we hand to wave down another server to get it for us. HORRIBLE SERVICE AND EXPERIENCE all together!!!!
2	They used to be good but lately are over cooking everything. Wings are very dry.  Service is great but too expensive for the type of eatery that it is.
4	Great place!! I'm a bit of a picky person and they made my order just the way I wanted it!! And even gave me a free dessert for my birthday!
5	Great service! People are friendly! Healthy food choices! Great drink choices! Fun place for friends and family!
1	Greeted by a not so friendly hostess. Good less than average. Our server Lucky was very nice. Beyond that HORRIBLE! Won't return.
4	I really like coming to this place and trying new things. I have yet to try anything that I haven't liked. I love sitting out on the patio and chilling with a beer and a burger.
5	The neighborhood grill that never disappoints. Great food, friendly service and live music on the weekends. Sliders are delicious and they have a ton of different  wing sauces for their tasty wings. The outdoor patio is our favorite hangout. Currently serving 4 peaks pumpkin porter for the season. ..yum!
3	Even though I have lived very close to Hurricane for over a year, we tried it for the first time on a Saturday night. The restaurant is small/medium sized; it would probably get pretty loud during football games, etc. When we were there, the crowd was pleasant.Our waitress was phenomenal; I forgot her name but she is a pretty blonde girl. She was SO attentive and helpful!The food is just okay. I will say that the Hurricane Poppers were VERY good for a happy hour appetizer. I'll definitely get that again. The sample platter they offer isn't anything special, though I do like how they give you three different sauces. The "jumbo" wings are just normal sized wings. We had got 5 Chipotle BBQ and 5 Garlic Inferno I believe.  The Chipotle BBQ sauce was very goo. Their hot wings are enough to clear out your sinuses! :-)The prices are a bit ridiculous for what you get. Way overpriced. The happy hour choices aren't very expansive, either.All in all, I'll probably return again for beer and appetizers (during happy hour), but skip eating here for a full dinner.
