5	Trim Time is in a tiny little strip mall, right next to the beautiful Wright house on University in Mesa.  The girl's up front are very nice.  They have about twenty cages in a separate room to the side for dog drop offs.  The sink area in the rear seems nice, all of the dogs were quiet and seemed happy.  I only had my dog's nails and expression done.  Ten bucks a piece, nice that they do ala carte. They gave my girl a christmas collar too!  Very nice and clean.
5	I feel as though I have written a review of Trim Time before - but I guess not. Better late than never.Jennifer rocks. No, really. She, and the rest of her staff at Trim Time are awesome. I like my dogs groomed a certain way - instructions for which I gave Jennifer on our very first visit when the pups were mere weeks old. They are now three years old, and they are always groomed impeccably on every visit, with no reminders of my expectations. (Apparently, Jennifer is either a genius memory savant, or they write it down... I think it is probably the former.)  My husband can take the dogs in and not worry that I won't be happy with the results. Not only is Trim Time awesome, but they give back too. Jennifer has an animal rights blog, and at least twice over the time we have been going there has had charity events (One is coming up on Friday July 3rd!)If you are looking for a groomer, and you live in the greater Southwestern United States, Jennifer is your woman. I think I would take the dogs to her even if I lived in San Diego. Seriously, she is that good.
5	I love Trim Time! My dog, like many others, is a big baby - especially when it comes to bathing, nail-cutting, etc. He's just too much for me to handle and so I searched and searched for a good groomer I could trust with my sweet boy. I found Trim Time and couldn't be happier. They are friendly, clean (which is saying a lot for a dog grooming place, I've discovered), gentle with my boy and take the time to get to know you, as the client and your dog. I really just couldn't be any happier with their services. They are reasonably priced too and don't charge extra for nail-trimming and such PLUS they are extremely accommodating with schedules. I drive 20 minutes to take my Lloyd there even though there are a dozen or so groomers in my immediate vicinity. You won't be disappointed!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! I'm extremely picky when it comes to my puppies, they deserve the best lol. I've been to MANY groomers searching for a punctual, compassionate, and EDUCATED place to take my guys, and finally my hard work paid off:) I base my reviews on this criteria: 1) The groomer is honest (if its gonna take 5-6 hrs let me know!!!) and personable. 2) How they act when I get them back. 3) Not only how they look the day they came back BUT ALSO how they look in 2 weeks. With that said, as i dropped them off and specified what they needed she was very attentive on everything I said and actually brought up things I didn't even think required that much attention. She told me it would be about 3-4 hrs and if it took longer she would give me a call. YAY!! I didn't have to wait all day wondering!!! They came back looking happy and amazing, ears cleaned (you have no idea how hard its been to find someone who ACTUALLY does that, not just say they do). Nails perfect, everything. Now usually I'll get them back from groomers, and in 1 week they look stringy and disheveled??? (btw they are indoor dogs) they shouldn't look worse 1 week after COMING HOME from the groomers, than they did going in. (it happened alot) my guess is it is cheap shampoo the other groomers use because its been 4 WEEKS and I just now have to schedule another appointment. All and all, I love this place, will never go anywhere else, I and my pups are hooked:)
5	Awesome ! Super nice staff, accurate pricing and timing. My dog was perfect when he was all done there . Def. will be going back .
5	My little buddy Velcro is really picky about who touches him.  He has never had his hair done any other place but Trim Time.  I have known Jennifer (and her family) for about 9 years now and would recommend her to anyone (and I do!).  We trust her and the cuts are always perfect.  The staff is friendly, the shop is clean and very modern.  I will not take my kid to any other shop!
5	Jennifer and the staff are great!  They take time to listen and my big baby of an aussie always looks fabulous. I would highly recommend them.
5	This staff is great, the facilities are clean, smell clean, and are so pet-friendly! Love the open and roomy kennels where the pets can see owners and get settled w/out all the hype a lot of grooming places seem to have.  It was quiet and peaceful.  Curry didn't get nervous and try to leave like he usually did at our last groomer (another state) and it is so obvious the staff loves the animals.  Professionals, through and through, but so personable, and offered helpful advice! THANK you!  We will be back!!
5	STILL going here w/ our dog.  STILL getting the same great, friendly, pet-friendly, attentive service. These folks are the real deal and worth every penny and more.  They go above and beyond: emailing appt. updates, working with your schedule, taking cute holiday pics with the pets, treating the pets so nicely, and the shop is always pristine. Curry says, "Thank you, Trim Time!!!"
5	My doggies were smelling good after! The people here are pros, will definitely be taking them back.
5	I took two of my pups here a few months back. One was a newly rescued poodle from the pound and she was matted and a handful. I know it could not have been easy handling her, but she came back shaved and beautiful. What hair they were able to salvage looked great and you could tell she felt like a million bucks.They got my dogs in an out on schedule and their pricing was very accurate to what they have posted on their website. I also love that this place advocates for animal rescue. I will be returning to Trim Time for all of my future dog grooming needs.
1	I'm really bummed to have a negative attitude about this place. My dog may not be the easiest to groom and barks when he is nervous and uncomfortable. But being in a grooming business I would assume that this is expected out of some dogs and is something that you should be skilled to handle. The lady that groomed him, unfortunately she never introduced herself so I don't even know her name, called me when my dog was being close to finished and added he was causing a lot of noise. When I arrived to pick him up she ended up telling me he was not welcomed back because of his barking. He is a dog and dogs bark, is my thought when she said this. She made it very uncomfortable at this point and continued on to say she wasn't able to cut his nails or trim around his face. I was still charged full price. My dog has been groomed 10 or more times since he was a puppy and this is the first time anyone has complained this much about him. Most groomers would joke and say he sang to them during his groom and that he was a sweet boy. I'm not sure what was so different with this groomer and why she only had negative things to say about him. Which made me sad to hear. I was really excited about this place because it was close to my house and has such great reviews. I was going to schedule my other 2 dogs to have a groom as well but unfortunately I'll have to look elsewhere because of my experience I had today. I wish I had better things to say but I'm just really disappointed.
5	We have been taking our 2 mini poodles to Trim Time for several months now, and will not go anywhere else now. I have nothing but positive things to say about the staff or services offered. My dogs are not stressed when I pick them up, which is amazing! They come home happy, smelling good and looking fantastic. They still look great 4-6 weeks later when the haircuts are growing out. My boys have never looked so good. One of my dogs is an excitable urinator had has peed on Jennifer more than once - not a problem! Skippy & Milo have thier furever groomer!Jennifer and her staff are professional, caring and friendly. I get appointments when I need them, never any hassle. Convenient location too! All this being said, I highly reccomend Trim Time.
5	The groomers and especially the owner are top notch and consistently so.  For many years I had my own grooming shop and so I know first hand what a difficult job it can be.   Not all dogs behave or love being groomed and to find a way to get it done can certainly  be a challenge.  They find a way, meet the challenge, my dogs looked great.  As a previous owner of another pet salon for many years I know what to look for and  that is why I chose Trim Time.   You should too.
