5	I checked into this hotel on March 1st (1st day Hilton took over the PH Westgate Towers) for a 3 night stay. Our flight landed in the morning and made it to the front desk around 11am, when I spoke with the girl at the reception area she informed me that check in was at 4 and they didn't have any open rooms at that time. We were able to check our bags at the bellhop and venture around the strip waiting to check in. I arrived back to the front desk around 2PM and approached the same girl at the check in, she was polite and remembered me from earlier that day. As she checked her computer for open rooms I explained to her that we booked a 1 bedroom suite but was hoping to get into a 2 bedroom since there were 3 of us staying. As she looked I handed her my ID and credit card with a $20 in-between. Without saying anything she took the 20 and pocketed it. After a few more minutes she asked if the 2 bedroom penthouse would be okay! Getting off the elevator we had a long way to walk because our room was at the very end of the hall. After opening the double doors to the penthouse we were greeted to an amazing view from the floor to ceiling windows in the living room. Both master and the 2nd bedroom were huge and offered plenty of space for 6-8 people. The master was situated on the corner of the building and offered floor to ceiling windows on 2 walls. The bathroom had an amazing Jacuzzi sitting right on the windows over looking the strip. This room was so nice it made it hard to leave (not bad for under $200 a night). We called for our bags when we walked in the room, they were delivered within 10 minutes. Maid service was also very good, they came every day and even asked every time I saw them in the hallway if they could get anything for us. The hotel itself is situated perfectly just off the strip but connected to the mall. This allows guests to walk to the PH casino or the strip without having to exit the hotel. We didn't use too many of the hotels amenities but we did sit by the pool on 2 afternoons. The staff was very nice, offered us towels, and checked a few times to see if we needed anything additionally. The only negative thing I can even think of is all the furniture is black and shows a lot of dust even if its is cleaned every day. All in all this was a great place to stay and next time I am in Vegas I will be staying at the Hilton Elara.
3	Stayed for one night this week.  Furniture (even the couch) was dusty.  Dirty coffee maker, filthy hair dryer...I could go on...Could not get an itemized room service receipt or even a receipt for my stay emailed to me.  It is almost like they opened the hotel without being ready.  I would recommend this hotel for the location only.  If you are in town for work, I would highly recommend the HGV on the strip.  Very well maintained and amazing customer service.
3	Brand new to hilton which is probably the reason it was so nice... Still was a bit dirty and needed some upkeep, under the Hilton label this will ONLY get worse however... so for every 6 months I would only give this less stars etc. The 3 stars comes from the fact that this was the first upgrade I received in 7 stays at a hilton, I am a diamond member. G/L
1	I stayed at this hotel two weeks after it changed ownership to Hilton, and I don't have much good to say about this place. I booked a two-bedroom for a and was "upgraded" to a two-bedroom penthouse. Shortly after arrival at the room, I found out that the room did not have a second sofa bed, as the website stated it would. The front desk informed me that only the regular two-bedroom suites (which are actually a studio suite connected to a one-bedroom suit) have sofa beds. A maid on my floor let me look at such a room she was cleaning so I could decide whether to move, and it looked comparable in size to the penhouse. The main difference was that the penthouse is at the end of the hall so has more windows in exchange for one less sofa bed. When I called the front desk they were unable to move me into the room type I had booked until the following day which was inconvenient.The whirlpool tub was large and looked nice, but I noticed after I got in that it was filthy. Furthermore, after a few minutes my mouth felt like it was experiencing a mild chemical burn. Possibly these problems were due to some combination of poor cleaning, insufficient rinsing of cleaning materials, or particles that had fallen from the ceiling. Furthermore, one day maid service forget to restock one bathroom.In general the front desk and management seemed nonchalant about remedying the above problems. I will not be staying here again.
4	A recent addition to the Hilton family and overall was a pleasant stay. Not sure if all the rooms there are this way, but I stayed in a Jr Suite on the 50th floor with an incredible view. The room was recently refurbished and very comfortable with nice amenities. The only negative about this experience was the front desk experience during check-in and check-out. VERY SLOW and under staffed. Also, no coffe shop/kiosks on site.
3	Needs to be improved.1 - Parking -  We arrived at Elara and had a difficult time finding the entrance. There was no valet available so we ended up spending a good 40 minutes finding parking. After spending 4 hours driving from LA.....I was tired and frustrated!t Not a good way to start the 'relaxing weekend away!'2 - Room was  nice. However it is the little things that make a big difference. There were no coffee cups. (So my morning coffee was drank out of a tumbler). When we stay in La Quinta (Hilton) there is usually bottled water in the suite fridge (there wasn't any.)3 - Service - was good. We called for water and it was brought up immediately (within 3 minutes! really!). When we checked out - we noticed we were charged for internet access. (When we made reservations we were told it would be free). This was corrected. (THANKS HILTON).Overall.....not up to our usual Hilton experiences. - I am sure they will work out the bugs!.
3	My fiance and I got a one bedroom suite. The view was awesome at night and first thing in the morning. The bed was ultra comfortable.  The jacuzzi tub was a nice addition since we had driven 10 hours that day from Boise to Vegas.  We both needed that tub. The bad things:We were given wrist bands to wear in order to get access to the elevators, instead of making guests show their room keys. The bands scratched us and got in the way of cuddling comfortably. If we wanted a guest, we were told we could get 4 wrist bands total for our room. I would have preferred getting 4 room keys. If "the kids"or partiers have a problem bringing id or their room keys, tough. The only positive thing about the "band" policy is that they are only used on the weekends.While getting ready to go out, I had removed my engagement ring to put on lotion.  My ring fell into the sink.  That wouldn't have been a big deal had a sink catch been in place.  There was just a big black hole where the catch should have been.  Thankfully, my ring landed 2 inches away from the black hole.  We called maintenance and they did not come at all to fix this.The ATM next to the elevators charged $4.50 for a transaction.  RIDICULOUSAfter paying $240 for our room, I asked about wifi.  The hotel charges $9.99 for 24 hours. I don't care if it was 48 hours, most hotels charge NOTHING for wifi!  To top it off, I couldn't get a 3G signal to save my life.  GRRRRRR.The last complaint was the shower fixture.  It would not stay up high enough for my fiance (6'3") to take a shower.  The fixture was on its' last leg and needed to be replaced.Would I go back?  Yes, if they changed the wifi thing, and the maintenance  Also, if they want to let people use the hotel who can not keep their ID or room key with them, I don't want to be there.
4	Three nights in a one-bedroom suite. Booked at a very nice rate when it was PH Towers. No problems with reservations under the Hilton GV brand. Room did seem a bit 'used'. Dings, scratches, etc. But it was clean, view was nice and it sure was great having so much room! King bed was extremely comfortable. For a suite, it only had those goofy one-cup coffee makers and it only had one pod. We had even brought coffee and filters from home assuming that a nearly full kitchen would have a real coffee maker. They were accommodating bringing us more pods, but they said only the owners get the real coffee pots. We didn't push it. Suite advice - We had thought about getting a cab to a grocery store to pick up some light breakfast items, snacks and beverages. Since that would cost a bit, we just decided to pick up these things at the ABC store in the Miracle Mile Shops, which are connected to Elara. While expensive this was convenient. But later we went into the Walgreens in the front of the Planet Hollywood casino. They had much more selection for snack-type items and at much better prices.One day the room didn't get cleaned, but that was partly our fault. We had told them not until afternoon and then came back to get changed in the middle of the afternoon. They did bring up new towels for us and the next day when we inquired at the desk they made a note in their system to have the room cleaned at a certain time. So, overall, not a bad stay. Would stay again, but would also be just as likely to try out other places.
4	4 nights in a two bedroom suite with floor to ceiling windows, jacuzzi, kitchen, and a massive projector for under 2 grand!  This is the hotel to be at for larger groups and the younger crowd who wants to party.  I definitely would not recommend this place for families (I don't know why families come to Vegas anyways).  It is pretty new and the rooms were clean.  It is connected to Planet Hollywood casino, you have about a 15 minute walk to the casino or the strip through the mall that connects them.  It's not too bad of a walk especially since you save all that money over the other places.  You are right across from City Center and Bellagio.  Their was no door on the bathroom on the master bedroom (it is around a corner), but the glass is frosted, but it is a little weird when you are with a bunch of your friends.  The other bathroom does have a door.  They have a small pool downstairs with jacuzzi, cabanas, and a bar, but definitely not a party pool like at Palms.I know Hilton bought it recently and I went while they were still transitioning, so just look out for other reviews to make sure they haven't become more strict on their policies such as noise and the amount of guests since they are a Hilton now.
2	I was very disappointed with this hotel. We thought we were getting a pretty good deal with the two bedroom suite, but all the goods seemed to be outweighed by the bad. Walking up to our double doors we had very high expectations, but all we could find was disfunction and disorder. We had to move out of our first room because our hot tub was shooting out black residue when we turned the jets on. The room service supervisor came up to speak with us and the only reaction we got from her was a cold "That's not our fault" demeanor. I also had to point out that a lot of the fixtures needed to be dusted and there were multiple hand prints on our head boards.Our next room was a lot better, but we still had problems with our tub. The water just wouldn't hold. We kept playing with the knobs to no avail. We were really bummed due to the fact that the tub is what sold us to the room. Everything else went pretty smoothly except the fact that the remote was so difficult to use. Every time a button was pushed it took a couple seconds for the TV to register what was entered. It was also annoying that the remote had to be pointed at exactly the right angle for it to work. I must say it is a good deal for the money, but only if everything that was promised was delivered. A couple days after we got back from our vacation my boyfriend started to get a rash in his armpit. I also got one on my thigh. The only thing we can think of is that dreaded hot tub. When was the last time that was cleaned?Would I come back? Only if someone else paid for the room. I wouldn't bother wasting my money on a mediocre hotel. It surely did put a damper on my Birthday trip. Next time I'll spend a couple more dollars on a hotel that pays attention to detail.The 2 stars were for the valet guys. Excellent customer service! Can't say that for the rest of the hotel.
3	Booked a $99 studio with a free upgrade to a one-bedroom when it was the PH Towers, but it changed to the Hilton a couple weeks before my arrival.It was a pretty pimped-out room for $99 bucks.  Definitely had that "bachelor pad" feel to it, with the floor-to-ceiling windows, big red sectional, zebra chaise, and jacuzzi tub in the bedroom.  I loved watching tv with the 8 foot HD projector, but there was something wrong with the clicker or the signal so changing channels was laborious. Also had an issue with the washer/dryer and after I called to have someone come fix it, no one ever came.Definitely agree with the other posters that getting food from the Walgreen's and stocking your kitchenette is the way to go.It was a nice, big room and the price was great, but everything had a kind of dirty/used feel to it.  I can only imagine how many of the famous Vegas "girls direct to your hotel room" have been sent up there.I would stay there again if I could get the same deal.  Otherwise, I probably wouldn't return.
1	I've stayed at Hiltons for years. Why did I not listen to my wife or read Yelp ahead of time on this one? This might be the worst run Hilton property, certainly for a 4-star hotel. Yelp reviewers got it right - terrible management, service.Issue 1 - LuggageWhen I checked in just after 6pm, the valet offered to take our bags. I explained that I had dinner reservations and asked if the bags would be in the rooms before 6:45pm. The answer was yes. At the front desk, the attendant offered to call in my room #s to valet for me. Again I explained that we needed them there well before 7pm.At 6:50pm we had to leave for dinner, without the desired change of clothes. I stopped by the front desk and asked them to make sure the bags got to the room while we were gone. I got an initial answer that hotel policy was that we had to be there for the bags to be delivered, but I explained this was not acceptable due to the hotel not delivering them on time in the first place.When we returned from dinner after 9:00pm, no bags. I went to the front desk and asked to talk to the manager. I then had to wait for over 10 minutes while they found the manager. I explained my frustration. I then went down to the valet and grabbed my bags myself and took them upstairs.Issue 2 - Sofa BedI booked the room for more than 2 people, so first of all, they should have known to have the bedding ready for the sofa bed. It was not ready. When I talked to the front desk at 6:50pm, I also asked them to send up the bedding (sheets, blankets, etc). When I got back after 9:00pm, no bedding. 30 minutes later, someone showed up with bedding. When we opened the sofa bed, there were dirty sheets on the sofa bed.After setting up the bed for my exhausted family, I have to say that the sofa bed was in the worst shape of any sofa bed I have seen in 20 years of business and family travel. This is a ridiculous situation. Issue 3 - HHonors AmenitiesI travel using Hilton partially for the amenities for diamond members. This includes small items such as 2 water bottles in the room. There were none.Issue 4 - Room KeysI reserved two rooms. When my in-laws went to their room 2001, the key did not work. It took over 20 minutes for someone to come up and help them into their room.Issue 5 - MaintenanceShower head in my room broken, would only point down. Electrical outlets in my in-laws room broken, couldn't charge phone or electric toothbrush.Their responseThey took $50 of both rooms that cost almost $200 each, after significant complaints, and gave me 10,000 HHonors points. This is after arguing with me.STAY AWAY!!
2	perhaps, the worst hotel i have ever stayed in while in vegas. service was crap and the whole wristband thing was annoying. took us forever to get to the room and there were no sheets for the sofa bed. i am sad that i got to experience elara and not PH westgate towers. but then again, i'm sure their service sucked just as much. def. will not book there ever again.
4	Had a great time here. Stayed on a Thurs-Fri. Our 2 rooms were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite. Living room, dining table, full kitchen, washer/dryer combo, 2 bathrooms. Furniture was good. I would say that it feels like 3.5 star hotel but not a bad way just realistic. Only downside is that check out is too early 10am. Connected to a mall so food & drink nearby. The mall leads you to the Planet Hollywood Casino and the strip so easy access to Vegas fun. I would stay here again.
4	My family and I spent two nights here(Wed. & Thurs. nights) after spending three days at the Main St. Station in downtown Las Vegas.The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable.  We stayed in a one bedroom suite which has a king size bed and a fold-out couch which is about a queen size.The Pros:The view was awesome.  We were on the 37th floor with floor to ceiling windows.The bed was comfortable.  I was able to fall asleep easily.  It was also helpful that there was no loud noises to wake you and no smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the air.Good amenities.  If we had stayed here longer, we probably would have made more use of the kitchen facilities.  We did use the microwave to reheat some of the food we had bought downstairs.Good location.  It's located next to the Planet Hollywood Hotel and the Miracle Mile shops...so there are a lot of shopping and dining options located right downstairs.Overall, loved staying here and will do so again in the future.The Cons:Had to call to have some more toilet paper brought up.  But once we did, it was brought up quickly.Not really a con, but we did have to call to have extra bedding brought up for the fold-out bed, but once again, it was handled quickly.
3	For those of you who may not know, this is just the old planet hollywood west gate towers , hilton literaly bought the property and just stuck the new name on the building, everything inside is EXACTLY THE SAME,. clean n modern, shity shity shity water pressure..I just can't seem to get clean.feel alitle soapy all over...is it something in the water ? and my friend said the 1 ply toilet paper hurt his ass..lols pillows still suck and the bed is still kind of hard, but great location !! and the Earl sandwish shop downstairs open 24/7 is sooooooooooo friggin good ! please don't expect to use the sofa bed as a bed...the mattress insdie is like 2 inches i think..you can see the springs ! O_0 no good no good. and thers only an in ice machine on one of the floors or something...
2	Great hotel rooms, nice location, but poor customer service and management.  Oh yea... and the thieves aren't nice either.Stayed here for 3 weeks on business with a large group of other associates and it seems like everyone kept getting problems.  Sure, the suites are nice and spacious, amazing views, great decor, excellent location... but... and BIG BUT... there were tons of problems.  Housekeeping knocks at your room even though your do not disturb is on, housekeeping NOT cleaning your room when you request the "clean room" light,  security banging at your door and not identifying themselves even with the light on, HHonors water not given, lost reservations, valet sign is always "full"  even though it is not... and sadly there was even an incident regarding theft in a room WHILE one of my associates was sleeping... pretty scary if you ask me.So they get 2 stars because the hotel is actually decent.  So, like I said, nice rooms for the price, but I would never stay here again and our company will probably never book here again... just sayin...
2	I had my bachelorette party here. My girlfriends found that this place was the most reasonable in price and location for a two bedroom suite. A two-bedroom suite accommodates 8 people easily (two king size beds and one pull-out queen). The location is right next to the Miracle Mile shops. I read a few things about this hotel after Hilton took it over and gathered some new information. Let's clear some things up. - They don't use wristbands regularly. They only used once during a busy weekend. - The staff is still the same staff from the PH towers. I asked.- You don't get access to the Planet Hollywood pool or amenities anymore. Tips:- get a taxi at Planet Hollywood. During non-peak hours, it's hard to get a taxi. - The pool is pretty small if you ask me- Check in time is at 4:00pm and they mean 4:00pm- Check out is 10am, but you may be able to get 11 if you are checking out on another other day then Sunday.- Clean up after yourself and don't break anything if you don't want to be charged any additional fees. (We brought disposable stuff and didn't use their stuff a lot). - Make sure you always have your key with you because you always have to show it to get to the room.My girlfriends had gotten there early (around 11am) and wanted to check in. Initially, the man was pretty rude and said we couldn't and to check back at 2pm. They understood because it was really early. We checked back in at 2om, and they rudely said the room was still not ready. The third time we tried to check in - it was 3:30pm - the guy told us again it was not ready. I was pissed. It was only 30 freakin minutes until check in. I went back in line around 3:50 and got checked in by the night manager. I was levid. I gave him a piece of my mind and even pointed out the rude workers who were still at the front. I told him the rude service we got and asked him if the staff had changed since it was the PH Towers and he said no. He apologized and said that he was giving us an "upgraded" view. I'm not sure if we really did get upgraded or if that room was what we were supposed to get anyways, but the view was better than what I expected.  Since we had a two bedroom suite, the front desk assumed that there would be more than 4 people. We were able to put three names on the reservation, and they gave us four keys. Luckily they never gave us a hard time getting up to our room with such a big group. The room was clean, except for maybe the couch. It seemed a little dusty, but I was expecting worse from the reviews I saw. The customer service sucked a lot. I was in line twice and I saw a few guests come up and confront the front desk about extra fees and poor customer service. BOTTOM LINE: Great place for big groups (good value and close proximity to the strip), but the crappiest customer service you will probably get.
3	We arrived just after 2pm and the rooms weren't available - can't say that this was surprise given this seems to be the major complaint most other Yelpers have.The Front Desk clerk was kind enough to call the housekeeping staff directly and place a rush on it. Nevertheless for a Wednesday I expected not to have to wait for a room. About 30 minutes later I was finally able to check in and by the time I made it to the pool the day was half gone.The suites are OK but not fantastic and the decoration leaves a lot to be desired. Don't be fooled by the notion that you are getting a suite here - a regular room at the Vdara is much nicer.On the plus side, the location is pretty good - the hotel is attached to the Miracle Mile and you can be in the strip in less than 5 minutes.Unless the price was really low I would not stay here again - Hilton points or not.
2	I've spent close to 200 nights in HIlton Properties over the past 18 months and have never had a more toxic experience with any hotel property or chain than the one I just had with their Diamond help desk and Elara Hilton Grand Vacation Property. My receipt was never posted even after a week of checking out from Elara. I just spent 25 minutes on the phone with the Diamond Help Desk who informed me to contact the hotel directly and beg for a receipt. On top of that, I never received Hilton Honors points for my stay. About an hour of effort later I finally receive a scanned document that appeared to be a receipt typed up in Windows Notepad. There's no Hilton header or anything that would legitimately look like a respectable hotel receipt. I can't submit an expense report to my corporate office using a piece of paper that resembles my six year old nephew created. Also, I have been charged 39.95, three days in a row during my stay for internet plus $1.00 for local phone calls. For one, I'm suppose to be receiving complimentary internet as a Diamond Hilton Honors member and secondly, that $1.00 local phone fee was when the damn faulty internet provider called my room to fix an issue with the login. I am completely appalled by the treatment and experience I just had with Hilton. If this is how you treat your Diamond members I can't even begin to imagine how you treat non loyal patrons. I have never in my travels ever experienced such disappointment even from hotels and properties I have absolutely no loyalties to. Bravo for making it easy on Marriott to status match.
2	This place is Super Newly Renovated... with that being said, I would NOT stay here again until they get their act together.  The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are very nice.  The downside:  Hotel ran out of bottle water for Hilton Honors members, not a deal breaker, but it is Las Vegas and the tempature was over 102 degrees.  The hotel does not "Honor" any of the Hilton Honors benefits.  The pool is only open until 5:45pm during the week.  I think it might be open longer during the weekend.  The reason that the pool is not open later, is due to not having enough lifeguards.  The lifeguard that was there "Jeff" was kind of funny and nice, but they really need to staff up.  My final complaint which IS a Deal Breaker.... I came back to my hotel at 4AM after going out and my room tempature was 80 degrees.  It never cooled down.  I do not plan to stay here again.Oh yeah, if you want a hotel receipt, get it from the front desk before you check out.
5	I'd say this is easily one of Vegas' best kept secrets. QUICK TIP - Check out the deals section of Elara's website, there should be an on going offer to get a Junior Suite for the price of a Studio. Trust me, you don't want to pass up on getting that Junior Suite. Cons - Security check, must show room key to get into the elevator. Pull out bed is really uncomfortable (I slept on the couch part and it was a lot better), no free wifiPro - Center strip, connected to Planet Hollywood though the Miracle mile. Fairly new and lesser known. I booked a Studio Suite just hours before arriving on a Friday for $139 (Saturday was also the same price). When I got there at 11pm they said all the Studios were filled up so I got upgraded to a Junior Suite. My god I could live in the Junior Suite for the rest of my life, it was nicer than any hotel i've ever stayed at, it was even nicer than my house! Let's get down to business: Full kitchen (dining table, full size fridge/freezer, oven, stove, microwave, coffee maker, dish washer), one bed room with jacuzzi tub inside that is separate from the bathroom, one full L shaped sofa with pull out bed and plenty of room to spare. There's One huge bathroom with a WASHING MACHINE inside, two sinks, a TV, and two private stalls with the toilet and shower. I didn't see any detergent for the washing machine but that's a small price to pay to be able to wash the puke off of your clothes from the night before. There are 5 televisions including one gigantic 60" projector total in the Junior Suite. I'm always a firm believer that where you stay contributes to your Vegas experience. Before this I was always used to squeezing 7+ people in a room that easily hits $200 a night for much less room and amenities than what the Elara offers. Not a lot of people know about the Elara because it's still fairly new (built in 2009). For a hotel that is center strip, $139 a night is a bargain and i'm sure if you book further in advance than I did you could get even a better deal.
4	Ela...what? I thought I was staying at Planet Hollywood :/ Well, somewhere between booking and lodging there was a hotel name change but nonetheless it was a beautiful suite. Stayed in a two bedroom suite...Master bedroom- King size bed, zebra print chair, whirlpool, big bathroom with private toilet, shower, double sink, and washer/dryer.2nd bedroom- King size bed, pull out couch, small kitchen with sink, microwave, and fridge. Bathroom is a decent size with the tub being a 1 person whirlpool.Living room/ kitchen- huge space, full kitchen with large dining table, two big comfortable couches, huge projector screen to watch tv. The suite has 5 tv's located in the kitchen, living room, bedrooms, and master bathroom. The decor is sleek and sexy.Love that this hotel is attached to the Miracle Mile because it makes it very accessible to shops and restaurants. The pool is a nice size but seems overly crowded. The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was horrible reception and no free wi-fi...that's how they get you to buy because none of our phones had reception and we all have different carriers. Good hotel, not sure on cost but the accommodations are a sweet deal.
1	I was in Las Vegas for a business convention and arrived at the hotel midday on Friday. Originally, I was given a room on the 15th floor, but when I tried to turn in for the night at around 11pm, I was awakened by a group of shrieking hyenas in heat. Startled by the notion that I had checked into the local zoo and not the Hilton, I went downstairs to the front desk. On my way down, I was shocked to discover that the mild, classy hotel I'd entered earlier that day had transformed into a meat auction, where both the goods and bidders were walking advertisements for Ed Hardy and the discount section of Forever 21. After a brief chat with Ray during which I explained my bewilderment and my necessity for sleep in order to conduct the back-to-back meetings I had planned for the next day, I was given a different room, far away from the cattle auction. While this made my trip bearable, the disappointments from this so-called Hilton did not end.On Sunday, I went down to the taxi stand at 10am for a cab and found myself in a line ten people deep. I waited over 15 minutes for a taxi. I refuse to believe that mid-morning on a SUNDAY is Las Vegas' rush hour. Apparently, the valet service wanted to sell a party bus to the unsuspecting guests, and a slew of cabs suddenly appeared only AFTER the Hilton charged $10/person to a party of 7 to rent a limo. Thanks, dude with glasses for making us wait in the heat while you lined your pockets. Truly, a class act one would generally expect from an establishment as well known as the Hilton corporation.If you're a 20-something with poor fashion taste and questionable judgment in the opposite sex looking for a regrettable one night stand, this is the hotel for you. Otherwise, spend your hard earned money and precious vacation time somewhere else.
1	After Dana George from Hilton left me the Yelp comment on this review AND emailed me with the note below on May 16th, about a month later I've still not received the points. If this is how they treat their Diamond tiered guests I can't imagine how they treat everyone else...ridiculous.Dear Mr. Ng, I received a correspondence from our Hilton Customer Service Center in regards to a copy of your receipt and the credit of your Hilton Hhonors points for your stay from 4/29/12 to 5/4/12.  I have emailed you a copy of your hotel receipt on a separate email and I have personally gone in and submitted your points.  You should be able to view this credit to your Hhonors account by tomorrow morning.  I truly apologize for the confusion and added work this has caused you. Regards,Dana GeorgeAssistant General ManagerCustomer Service
4	I've stayed at this hotel twice and both times my experience has met my expectations. Sure, the pull out couches feel like we're sleeping on bricks but where else can you get a two bedroom suite that has two king beds, two pull out couches, and a lounging chair that can be used as a bed. This place is budget friendly, perfect for those early 20 somethings that just want a place to crash with a group of their friends. This used to be Planet Hollywood Westgate and everything is the same except the name. The mile shops are convenient for a quick bite at Earls, Panda Express, Pinky hot dogs etc or to pick up drinks for pregaming at Fat Tuesdays, ABC stores, or the other nearby bars. But to be honest, that mile back to the room after a long night at the club really wears me out... Sucks that we have to pay for wifi. Overall, the number of sleeping spots, bar and fridge in the room, projector screens and tvs in all the rooms, a jacuzzi in one of the rooms, and a pool downstairs is a recipe for a good time with good friends. *note: no gambling in this hotel, you gotta go through the mile shops towards planet hollywood to gamble. TIP: book through HOTELS.COM and google to look for a discount code. We saved some money that way instead of booking directly from the Hilton website.
3	I've been here when it was known as the Westgate, so I figured it'd be pretty nice.  Instead, we ran into a lot of annoyances and inconveniences while staying here.I will give them the benefit of the doubt that they only made the transfer over a few months ago and are still working out the clinks in their systems, but damn.... it's at my expense.I'll give that the price i paid for our one bedroom suite was a pretty nice deal and the people in my party enjoyed it as we all had plenty of space to crash on the bed or floor.  The restroom had glass doors allowing us to get really close and comfortable with each other. The hot tub/jacuzzi.... omg  wish it was bigger to fit more people, but i think 5 of us had a good time in there.  The sound speakers were a nice fit, although we had to unplug it to retrofit it to our ipod.  Never used the projector, but it's nice if needed.  Why would we want to block the amazing view that we had?Well here's the bad stuff that i hope no one else has to experience.  at 7am in the Saturday morning, we got a morning phone call from the front desk to check our front door, because it was reported that it was left open and was a safety issue.  I'm appreciative that they did that, but I heard them before the phone call, so i checked the door to talk to the security lady because i thought we were going to finally get the towels we requested the night before.  Nope.... (on a side note, you need to turn off the do not disturb sign, or your doorbell won't ring.)  When we called back the front desk to complain and get our towels, they claimed to not have a log of the incident... Rude...Pooltime, I'm not a big pool person, but we were trying to get into Marquee day club, but after waiting and getting no results, we opted for the FREE hotel pool. So we had a nice time, although you can't bring your own drinks in... sadness.... anyways some people in our group were apparently goofing off and got more than one warning, so i got kicked out for the day.  Lesson, don't f**k around the pool, lifeguards gotta keep drunk asses safe. But security was reasonable and said we could come back tomorrow, just get out today. I don't blame them.Aside from that, check-in/check-out was seamless less than 5 minutes, no paper.  Good: really quick and efficient.... Bad: don't know how to work in a tip to get a tip in so short a time.
3	Hotel? When I bought  into the Elara it was supposed to be a Timeshare. Check-in went well but they put us in a unit near the back on a low floor. We were disappointed since this was our first stay at the resort. I was further diappointed when I noticed lots of 20 somethings going to the upper floors. Twenty somethings don't own timeshares. When we checked out our unit we discovered there wasn't  any kitchen equipment. I own 4 timeshares and trade into many others and never experienced this. We asked to be relocated to another unit but the man behind the check-in desk decided to equip the room instead. Some equipment was brought up but it was minimal.  When we asked housekeeping why the room wasn't properly equipqed they said that it was a rental room not for owners. We marched to the front desk and complained to a helpful young lady and were moved to the 38th floor which is supposed to be for owners. It was Cinco da Mayo so they were renting out owner units. The view was spectacular and the unit/building was beautiful. However there was superfluous furniture and there wasn't any instructions for the sophisticated and complicated microwave/oven and combined washer/dryer. Housekeeping was quick and pleasent as well as the staff (Monsy and Princess) at the beautiful pool. The best places at the pool were made into cabanas rented at very high prices with no discount for owners. The Elara is so hotel centered we felt like outsiders. I hope that Hilton will work to improve the Timeshare experience here when they have been in charge longer.
3	The taxi drivers don't even know this place changed names to "Elara."  It's still PH Westgate in everyone's minds.  The Hilton name came off of one hotel in Vegas, but they're back with their recent acquisition of Planet Hollywood's extra add-on.  Behold, the new "Hilton Grand Vacations" hotel.Good things? -The hotel is non-smoking.-The 1 bedroom suite was huge and has a pull-out bed in the living room couch.  We had 10 people in the room, and there was plenty of space. book it through a deal, not through the hilton site.-DJ spins at the pool on the weekends during the summer, mostly Top 40.-Central Location on the strip, next to Fat Tuesday and MarqueeNot So Good Things?-Hard to initially find, parking garage sort of a walk from the front desk.-Hilton must have some security standard, because they post a guard out by the elevators.  It's pretty useless, as one person having a key can bring in a huge throng of people.  This doesn't keep the partiers (like meeeee) out of your floor.-Be prepared to shell out $$$ at the poolside bar, a beer is $7.  They conveniently tell you to dump all drinks before going in.  Hm...-They seem to really be dealing with lots of small problems. Security bugged us to see if we were "doing ok" practically every hour on Saturday (go away, we're busy on vacation).  Calls to concierge desk sometimes do not get recorded.  It's not obvious how to turn your room onto "do not disturb" mode.  They said its because of the "recent switch in ownership," but come on...Overall, it was whatever.  But really, it's vegas - and a definite step up from dumps like Polo Towers and Imperial Palace.(DANG I ACTUALLY WROTE A USEFUL REVIEW, +1 ME)
4	Okay, as soon as you check in and you hear, "I went ahead and upgraded you to a one bedroom suite," you know it's going to be a great time. The Hilton Elara, formerly PH Westgate, is still pretty much Planet Hollywood, with nearly identical floorplans. There were two of us in a suite that could have easily slept 5 (with the sofa bed)...6 if someone took the jacuzzi tub.Water pressure is great, housekeeping did a stellar job each of the days we were there, and this was an amazing space to come back to after (or ...to NOT come back to!). Peter Thomas Roth toiletries meant I didn't have to touch my own bottles all weekend. The cost of the room ended up being well worth it.It will take a while before taxi drivers will know where the place is, but for now I'm happy we stayed here!
4	Formerly PH Towers, the buyout from Hilton hasn't really changed much. From the earlier reviews for Elara you'd think this place has gone downhill since switching from PH but my stay in 2011 was essentially the same as my latest for EDC, June 2012. Only real difference I can see this time around is that the rooms have some wear and tear from all the hard partying people have been doing and could use some touch ups.Although the Grand Vacations is now trying to sell the image of a posh hotel catering to their older crowd who happen to be looking for something new, I think they've neglected to inform their customers that these suites were meant for the younger 21-30 year old party crowd. You won't find elegance so much as you'll find sloppy day and night clubbers coming back from Cosmo and loud groups of people waiting around in the hotel lobby.The standard for most groups is the 2 bedroom suite for ~$500/night, which gives you more than enough room for their suggested 8 "maximum." The two bedroom suites come with plenty of dishware, washing machine, two pullout beds that can sleep four and two king size beds and an extra one person couch. Do the math. The projector TV screen is also a nice touch if people decide to catch ESPN during downtime. FYI, not all 2 BR suites are equal, the ones that are facing the main street and directly above the pool are much larger in size than everywhere else, even on the same floor. Compared to Venetian and Bellagio 2 BR suites, I still think this place is a better choice for large groups.Cell phone reception & data for AT&T is absolutely horrid here so hug those large windows in the suites if you're trying to call or text, you're best bet is to use your cell in the lobby. Verizon reception seems to be okay but with AT&T,  I usually receive all my late texts after I've left the towers. WiFi costs about $10 a day.Overall, still a great deal and management seems eager to be keeping things up since the change.
5	Just got back from a four day stay. Last year at this time I stayed at Luxor. I'm glad this time I did not.  I found the Hotel to be well maintained. The staff were delightfully friendly and well informed. Housekeeping was thorough and courteous. Yes, I was there for EDC weekend. No, I'm not 18 years old. I am a fifty year old business man who enjoys EDM . I found that Elara seemed to have a great handle on both. Never did I witness the disrespect that I had at other hotels for the younger crowd, ( Who also spend their hard earned money.) Yet, they also seemed to please the older crowd who were not there for the event. I love when a company understands and plans for these occurances as Elara seems to have. I truly felt welcomed... Great choice. Couldn't have been happier ... and a great price.
5	Atay here awhile back when it was still WestGate Ph towers, no complaints. Very nice suites for the price, we've got ourselves a one bedroom Suite on the top floor with one of the nicest view i've seen in vegas, a slide down projector, a whirlpool tub in the bedroom, 3 tv's and a kitchen. One of my best experiences!
2	Expensive look on the outside, cheap feel on the inside. That's my conclusion.I stayed there for 3 days, 2 night, the valet parking is free but it is always full,makes me wonder whether they have a real valet parking.Self parking sucks because they share their parking garage with the mall. Lobby and the room is nice. Clean. I stayed at the Junior suite. One bed with 1 sofabed with a kitchen sink, microwave, dishwasher, fridge. they provided some plates,bowls and utensils which was nice.Location is pretty good. In the middle of the strip. Connected to the Miracle Mall.Why cheap feel on the inside? Here goes:Their soap, body lotion, shampoo and conditioner use this guy brand that sounds like a famous hair designer. BUT the quality is BAD!The soap is cheap. I washed my hand with it and realized that the slippery/soapy feeling was not going away. It is not the moist feeling from a moist soap like dove or something.It is just slippery. it does not matter how long u rinse your hand with water, that slippery feeling will not go away. I decided to buy my own body soap because i dont want to fall in the bathtub because of this hotel soap.Same thing with the body lotion. bad quality, watery as hell.I stayed at the Best western at zion previously before I arrived here, they use Vaseline body lotion, nice soap, and provide you with make up remover sheets from neutrogena.It is true that they dont charge you with daily resort fee. that means no internet.Their internet is $9 per day.And it is true that if you have AT&T, good luck with making phone calls or browsing using your phone. There is no service. I rather stay some place else.
1	Have never stayed in a hotel where the entire bill was due UPFRONT.Our door did not close properly. Security was diligent in letting us know the door was open via phone and visits to the room. Except for the night our room at Elara was robbed. Just seems sketchy. Reports were filed, and we were directed by Mr. Hill of the security team to file reports immediately. Security also admitted the locks on the double penthouse doors aren't the greatest and are currently being changed out to better locks. He also provided the address to the closet substation. He sez 'go there now'. I discovered after a hike past Mandalay Bay, the substation is M-F, 9-5. Its Sunday, memorial day weekend. They are flippin closed. Hilton refused to send a car after directing us to the closed substation. According to management, it isn't their responsibility to know the hours of operation for the police department. Understandable, but chaps my behind nonetheless. Hike back to Elara(no money for a cab) to find the fire alarms going off. I am too hot(physically and mentally) to care at this point. At the desk, I work my up the chain of command to Steven Arent, who is kind enough to admit that it has not been a pleasant stay. He was nice, but it was a nice prepared remarks tourist speech that behind it all...it was so faked/forced. However, we learned from Steven that the reports can be filed by phone, no visit to a substation required. The 2 hour walk in the baking sun was a waste. He gave us a 100$ room service credit. To be split by 3 broke people that got our money stolen to split for 2 days. Cheapskate, considering it was a 3500$, paid for upfront penhouse that got robbed. While the room was OCCUPIED, nonetheless. At least they were only after money/drivers licenses and not after any of our...virtues. Could have been a repeat of Imperial Palace, C. 1984. Room service could not even get our order right. Missing items in the breakfast delivery.  The hotel is nice to look at. its clean and new. But its safe to say its unsafe, and I would never stay here again. I have provided time prior to writing this review to give management/Hilton's insurance company time to provide some..well anything. Anything other than a denial that they are responsible for anything.update 7/7 after repeated phone calls and emails, still nobody cares. No replies from anyone asking on yelp to 'please call because we care' They dont care. They will not return phone calls or emails. Jake L does not care that your room could get robbed while you are inside said room with faulty doors. The claim filed by our party to Hilton's insurance company was denied. The Elara and its management sucks.
5	My friends and I got a penthouse suite for our friend's bachelorette party.  This was my first time staying here.  Like most hotels, you need to show your key to use the elevators to get into your room.When we entered our rooms, we were so amazed.  The place was huge.  2 rooms, each had of course a shower and toilet, but one of them had a jacuzzi and a nice lounge chair; on this side, it had a glass door that always slammed and always seemed like the door will shadder.  This side also had a washer/dryer.  I tried using it once and couldn't open it because I don't have one like this at home.  It had a child safety lock on it.  You can't open it until the lock icon light turns off, so that means don't even touch the machine until it turns off.This place also had a pullout bed, nice view of the pool, a big refrigerator, a small refridgerator, dining table, etc.  For parking you have to walk out of the hotel into the mall area then into the parking structure to get to self-parking.  We were so unfortunately that this week had no valet available.  We had to self-park.  We enjoyed our stay here up until we left.  We had a hit and run.  The back bumper of our rental car was smashed.  Never had that happened before.  It really sucked, but good thing we had insurance on the car.  Stupid drivers out there...My friend who reported it was angry because the security she walked to said they'd be on their way to where our car was parked, but they brushed it off for awhile like it was no big deal.  We waited a good 5-10 minute til they finally came over.  They were about 200 yards away from us too.  At least they answered all our questions and concerns.Lastly, I thought I lost my keychain with my USB, bottle opener, and other cards on it.  I called Lost & Found.  They were so good about looking for it and returning my call whether or not they found my item.  They had sent staff into the room to look for it.  I was impressed!  I'm sure they did their job because in the end, one of my friends had my keychain.  Thank God!  Other places really are horrible at returning calls or even caring...
5	Back when this place was PH Towers, I stayed here 4 times. Each time we got the same 2 bedroom, living room, kitchen setup. PH was the best because for a per person price way below anything else on the strip, you got a modern/swank looking pad that slept up to 8 people comfortably. You also got a full kitchen and dining area along with electronic blackout curtains that doubled as a projector screen in the living room. On top of that, bringing your own RCA-aux cable ensured that you had bumping tunes all day, all night.Back then, the downsides of PH were the quality of the sheets, and the service. Service was so terrible back then as it seemed like from front desk to housecleaning, nobody cared that it was a hotel with guests.Fast forward to the change of ownership this year by Hilton Grand Vacations. All I can say is that in terms of room setup and amenities, nothing has changed. Of course the toiletries are now Hilton's line. And I believe the towels and sheets have been replaced with new ones. This time checking into the room, the entire experience was pleasant. We were checking in on a Friday afternoon of the Electric Daisy Carnival weekend so the lobby was a zoo. There is a Hilton Honors (HHonors) line if you have Hilton status, but the regular line was zipping along. We were checked in by a guest services manager who found us a penthouse level room of the same type we reserved, and upgraded us at no charge! From there everything was just as brilliant -- all the staff from poolside waiters to the housecleaning staff went out of their way to help us or exceed any of our expectations.Even after checking out of Elara, I noticed I had almost $200 in internet charges due to yours truly accidentally charging the room wifi everytime I connected with a device. Luckily, I had HHilton silver status, and a call to the front desk along with the excellent service of Kimberly W. at the front desk had the charges reversed almost immediately.I'll be back soon Elara. Your name may have changed, but you now offer the one thing that was a huge smudge of PH -- excellent service!PROS:+ great service indicative of a branded Hilton property+ location is on the strip and is connected to the Miracle Mile mall with plenty of food/shopping options+ spacious 2 bedroom suites with a pullout bed in the living room, full kitchen/dining area, living room, full jacuzzi next to bed in master bedroom+ great views on the higher floors (around floor 10+), penthouse level is floor 56+ washer/dryer all-in-one in unit with a box of detergent included by housekeeping+ projector in living room for live TV, sound system can be connected to MP3/iPod player via RCA-aux cable (must bring your own)+ decent poolside which is great for quick loungingCONS:- carpeting needs to be replaced as it was evidently worn out- no free in room wifi unless you have Hilton Honors status, even then it's only good for 1 device for the duration of the stay
5	I booked this hotel back when it was Planet Hollywood towers....later to find out it switched to the Elara hilton. After reading all the horrible reviews on yelp, I was super scared. My friends and I had planned to stay here for Electric Daisy Carnival and we were definitely planning on partying...but with all the recent Elara reviews, it sounded like hell. Here's the deal.....act like an adult, be respectful, and everything will go smooth.We showed up to check in at noon. I had read on yelp that check in is at 3pm and they mean 3pm, but I thought I'd give it a shot. No surprise, the room wasn't ready. I was completely okay with this. The lady at the front desk was incredibly nice, offered to check our luggage, took our phone number down to call us if the room was ready earlier than 3pm, and encouraged us to go grab a drink and relax. We did just that. Around 3pm I got a phone call and the room was ready. The minute we walked into our suites we went nuts. The place is amazing! So much room! We had already had a couple of drinks so if there was any small dings on the furniture or if it was dusty, we didn't notice. Plus WHO CARES? Its a 2-bdrm suite that sleeps 8 ppl. How can you not expect any parties or wear and tear. Plus if you're going to vegas to sit in your hotel room, then you're doing it wrong. I called the bellhop immediately and had them deliver our luggage. Meanwhile, we drank. Not sure how long it took them to deliver our luggage, but it was fairly quick. We tipped our bellboy generously and he was very friendly. We immediately played music and partied.....REALLY PARTIED. Music was full blast, we had a great time and we didn't get any complaints. To whoever said they are super strict, hush. We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days. On the 2nd day, the room across the hall from us had put on their "clean room" light and the maids were in there cleaning. Also, the hotel manager was in there with a video camera recording the mess that these guys had left. We heard him from our room yelling obscenities and saying how he was going to charge these people extra cleaning fees and all kinds of money. This was not cool at all. We walked by the room out of curiousity to see how bad the room was....it wasn't that bad. More importantly, OUR ROOM WAS WORSE. We quickly turned off our "clean room" light and asked the maids for a couple garbage bags. We then cleaned up all our trash and the maids gladly came and took our garbage bags from us. In the end, we are on vacation, but we are not slobs. We are grown adults and it took us 15 mins to run around and pick up our trash. We cleaned up after ourselves 1 more time before we checked out. Our room was a HOT mess, but we left it fairly clean like grown ups should. Those suites are huge and I can totally understand why the cleaning service would be upset. It can easily take a good hour or 2 to clean a trashed room. The maids were super nice and very accommodating when I asked them for anything. Mind you we were there for 5 days and 4 nights so even though the trash was cleaned up, there was still a mess. We did our best, I think the cleaning people understood and we didn't get charged a dime more than our regular fees. There were no wrist bands, I brought all kinds of new friends to our room. Yes, the security guard asked to see our key when we went upstairs in the elevators, but it was for the best. They were nice, they didn't mean any harm and they were very tolerable of everybodys craziness during all of the nights of EDC. The rooms are insanely awesome for what we paid. We used the heck out of our jacuzzi hot tub. The projectors were awesome for partying when the sun comes up since it completely blocked out any sunlight. And at night time you could see all of the pretty lights from the strip with the amazing floor to ceiling windows. All in all, I expected the worst and got the best. Everybody at the front desk was very helpful. I had several questions while staying there and the lady at the front desk gladly printed out all of the room charges and broke everything down for me very calmly. I was more than impressed with the service. The cleaning people were sooo nice. I asked for toilet paper and they offered me 6 rolls, new towels, and asked if there was anything else I needed and didn't want to take "nothing" for an answer. They just wanted to keep giving me things! TIP: if your room is a mess, ask for garbage bags and clean up yourself. It takes 5 mins and you can leave the trashbags in the hallway and they will come pick them up. DO NOT let the maids come in and do the daily cleaning if your room is a mess. You don't want to get charged extra for cleaning that you could have easily done yourself.So in the end, yes I will stay there again. Don't be a pig. Clean up a little. Be patient. Understand that things may not always work out the way you planned. Be willing to compromise. Just because you're in Vegas doesn't mean you can't wipe your own @$$.
5	I stayed here during Memorial week.  It was really busy... Obviously!  Anyways I don't know why there is bad reviews.  My experience with the front desk to check in and check out is pleasant.  The staff was friendly, he upgraded my room to level 39!  I had the greatest view!  I got a studio and the room is spacious and the decor is very Hollywood style.  There is dishwasher, sink, bowls utensil, microwave, refrigerator.  It's really great.  Yes there is always a security guy who needs to see your room badge in order to get to your room.  But I think that's great since it's only guests who are staying there gets through.It is right next to Miracle Mile Mall and right in the middle of the strip!  Fat Tuesday and Earls Sandwich is right there so if you are hungry after clubbing...  There you go!  I would definitely come back here.
2	We'll start with no smoking, no gambling, and no restaurants in this hotel.Do you still want to proceed?VALET was full. Another large bummer!  This means you have to go park on the 3rd floor of the Miracle Mile shops then drag your luggage almost clear across the mall and through the hotel to get to your dang room. NO BUENO.Let's go to the "no restaurants" part.  You are in Vegas, might I remind you, you are going to want to eat at some point, maybe?  They have room service till 10 pm at night, but if you want something to eat, you better put your walking shoes on b/c you have to go into the Miracle Mile Shops.  They do; however, have a small kitchen in each room with a fridge and a microwave so that's helpful.  Ice machine only on 2 floors--5th floor and the 50th so I heard, real pain in the arse to go get ice. Like I didn't go get ice b/c it was such a pain. NO BUENOThey also make you swipe your card every time before you even get close to the elevator bank, that's annoying. NO BUENOSeating downstairs is limited when you are waiting for your party to arrive at a meeting point in the lobby so you can go out together. My friend was sitting on the small table that looked like a stool and was rudely told not to sit on the furniture by one of the security guards like she was some kind of heathen... NO BUENOnot my favorite--go w/ the trump or the hotel
5	I don't understand why the ratings are so low and why are there so many complaints! True there is no smoking, no gambling, and no restaurants for Elara, but Jesus, it's right next to the Planet Hollywood. In fact, Elara is in the same building as the Planet Hollywood. To get to the actual hotel, you HAVE to go inside Planet Hollywood which has the The Miracle Mile Shops, restaurants and a casino(The Pleasure Pit)! There is a parking Garage right next to the Lobby of Elara, so no, you do not have to carry your luggage through out The Miracle Mile Shops. You just self park on the third floor of the Planet Hollywood parking garage and, boom! The entrance to the lobby is right there! & if you're taking a taxi from the airport, even better because you won't have to look for parking! We checked in Thursday June 21st and checked out Sunday June 24th and our stay was wonderful! We had no problems at all checking in or out at the front desk. However, to get to the room, you need to show your room key to the security at the front of the room elevators or you can't get in(Only one person in the group has to show the key). They are very strict with this so always have your room key with you! They won't allow you to bring your friends unless you go get them and show the security guard your room key!The price for our room was AMAZING! We were planning to book a one bedroom suite for 400$ but our friend wanted to have her own room so we booked a two bedroom suite for $1,200. Our room was on the 23rd floor and it was huge not to mention our view was amazing! We had floor to ceiling windows in the living room and the two other rooms! The kitchen was fully stocked, had a huge fridge that had water and ice, a microwave/conventional over, a dish washer, a huge sink and a stove. My friend's room had a huge red leather couch that was also a queen pull out bed, a king size bed with a padded black leather head board and the bathroom had a separate shower, his and her sink and toilet. The main Bedroom had a jacuzzi right next to the bed with mirrors everywhere! We had a desk and a zebra print lounge chair and had the same king size bed as the other room. Our bathroom was just the same as our friends room only it had another door for the living room. The living room had a wrap around leather couch that also doubled as a queen size pull out bed and the blinds for the window also doubled as a screen because we also had a projector! Did I mention that every single room had a flat screen TV that welcomed the person who booked the room? There was another TV in the living room, a TV in each bedroom room, a TV in the bathroom and even a TV in the kitchen! This place was AMAZING for the price we paid for the weekend of the start of summer! The noise wasn't a bother either. There was one point where I thought our neighbors were too loud, but I found out it was the TV in my friends room. I had no problems here!You can't go wrong with Elara, it's not only at the center of the strip, but it's right inside Planet Hollywood and you can shop, eat, drink( there is a Fat Tuesday inside the mall). and gamble! The only thing is, you can't go inside the same pool as Planet Hollywood, but Elara does have it's own pool too!Love this place!!! Great price, great stay, great sleep!Tip: DO NOT SLEEP WITH THE BLINDS CLOSED!!! We did that the first night and when we woke up, we were thinking it was maybe 10am when it was actually 1pm!
5	This is my favorite place to stay when I'm on the strip. It use to be part of the Planet Hollywood family but recently owned by Hilton (Yay!) Its just a great location for a great price. My first stay here I was with a group of maybe 10+. We got the two bedroom suite and everyone slept comfortable. Plus they have a full kitchen so great for pre-gaming. The blinds become a full projector so great for sleeping in late and enjoying a movie or game with a big crowd. The thing that surprised me the most, that I didn't even know was invented, was an all-in-one washer and dryer (what?!?) It just makes it so convenient to dry your swim clothes before you have to pack. Who wants smelly clothes in their luggage. The lobby opens into the Miracle Mile Shop so your mall is right downstairs. Then its in the middle of the strip, right across from the new City Center (Aria, Vdara and Cosmo). Front desk staff is so friendly and inviting. Elara is just perfect in every way!My second stay was for my sis bday. We got a one bedroom for 7 and it was basically the same suite but we didnt get the connecting king room. I hope for one day to stay with a group of 20+ and get one of the 3 or 4 bedroom suite... that would be sweet ;)I recommend this spot for everyone! Now that its part of the Hilton family it just makes it so much better. Its a 5+ star
5	Luv it, luv it, luv it!Great value, rooms well equipped and modern, having a frig is huge on the strip.  Front desk was top notch, as was the security near the elavator.  Relaxing pool.  Can't say enough, will definitely stay there again!
4	It's a nice hotel, overall. Although, considering its summertime, their pool closed at 6pm-- that's early? We did not figure out until later in our stay that the fastest way to get to the room elevators from self parking is to use a specific entrance on the 3rd level of parking. They make you show or slide your room key every time you want to get thorough to the room elevators. It can be annoying. The room had a kitchen with a large refrigerator. There is more than one plasma tv in the suite. Bathroom would have been perfect if there were double sinks instead of one. If you like jacuzzi tubs then you'll like the one next to the bed.
5	I RARELY write a review for anything, but my experience at the Elara hotel was so good I had to share it. I stayed there on 06/29-06/30 in a 2 bdrm suite with seven other people. It was very roomy for the 8 of us. My party arrived at 4pm in two cars, and valet parking wasn't full so we took advantage of that. From the moment we walked in, they made us feel welcome. There was only a few people in line so I only had to wait for a few minutes. The guy who checked me in was so nice. Wish I asked for his name so I could write a personal thank you note for a job well done. Anyway, we had Fri nite booked under one person and Sat nite booked under another person. No problem at all! I just told him that we had a back-to-back booking and he took care of the rest. He gave us the 2 bdrm suite on the top floor (floor 56) with an awesome view of the strip! :D The suite has a nice touch, spacious, and clean! The kitchen was well-equipped with stainless steel appliances. It is very convenient for family with small children. We didnt really take advantage of that since we are just a group of ppl under 30 so we either order room service or hit the buffets LOL! Some of the reviews mentioned about the wristbands, but they no longer do that. There are securities by the elevators. You have to insert your room key into a machine, a bit tedious but it is for your own safety I guess.Over all, it was a superb experience. Only one small problem, they didnt have sheets/comforters for two sofa beds! (were suppose to be in the closets). So on Fri nite after we came back at wee hrs from the club, some of us had to sleep on the sofa beds with no sheets (gross!) and no comforters, they had to use towels as blanky lol! I called on Sat's morning and housekeeper brought it to our room within half an hour. We checked out at noon. There was no line as so check out was a breeze. Had a great weekend there! I will be back in early August :).
3	For the most part, Elara was a solid choice.  It didn't bother me that it didn't have any restaurants or casino in the hotel.  As it is connected to PH, which has tons of them.The decor was alright, a bit 80s for my taste.  What drove me nuts was that we had to have wrist bands to enter our floor.  What is this, a club?  They even said we had to have them on for the duration of our stay.  Who is going to wear a wrist band the entire time?  So we either made it lose enough to take on and off or got a new one from reception every time we went up.  Such a nuisance!I understand they are under new management, hopefully, they come up with a better policy.Overall, it was a good stay.
1	I'd never been to Vegas before so my friend planned the trip and booked three nights at the Elara because she had stayed there before and apparently liked it enough to go back. After our stay, however i dont think she will ever be going back there.Everyday we were having to call the front desk to request for more towels and pillows, since they wouldnt replace them. We went to pool parties during the day and all came back wanting to shower, some girls slept on the couch and there wasnt enough pillows etc. (not a big deal). But after calling multiple times (each day was the same thing) the hotel wouldnt send anybody up with anything and we had to start using face towels to shower! After begging the employees they said that they had noted that we had 20 people in our room and not to bring up anymore extra towels and pillows!! We had some friends who met up with us in our room at one point so we would all go out together but regardless we should be able to have as many pillows and towels as we need, right?! I mean we are paying a lot for the room. Even when the electricity went out in the room and we called for someone to come a fix it, it took two calls before someone finally came up. It was ridiculous! The room was nice and I enjoyed the projector screen in our room but the service was awful. I would never go back to this hotel. Very disappointing.
4	We stayed here for two reasons - it was one of the cheaper suite options that would comfortably accommodate our group and more importantly, it's in the same building as Earl of Sandwich. It doesn't hurt that it's centrally located and all the suites have mini fridges and/or a full kitchen, good lighting, comfy beds, etc. I've stayed here twice now and both times were great!
5	We just stayed here last weekend and were sad that our trip was too short to enjoy everything our hotel room had to offer.  We booked a junior suite but were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite which was amazing.  The first thing we had to check out was the projector, which plays movies on the shades which double as a movie screen.  It gave us a message that the lamp needed replacing, so we called down to the front desk and they came and took the projector immediately and replaced it within 15 minutes.  The room was great, the bed was comfortable and the whirlpool tub was also a great feature.  It was nice to have a full-size fridge with an ice-maker so we could have our own beverages and food in our room.  There was also a washer/dryer in the room, that we didn't get a chance to try out.  The location of the hotel was great and it is a completely non-smoking hotel, which is a big plus for me.  I also liked the fact that it wasn't a casino.  Planet Hollywood was right next door, if we wanted to gamble, but it was nice to walk through a well-lit lobby without having to deal with the smoke and noise of a casino.  I originally thought I would miss staying in a casino, and now I am convinced it is the way to go.  The pool area was gorgeous and we were right on the miracle mile, so there was a variety of food and shopping available.   On our next stay, we will definitely be staying at the Elara.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE staying at the Elara!!!  (formerly PH Westgate) Where do I start??PROS1) GREAT prices and MOST IMPORTANTLY NO RESORT FEES!! 2) Free self-parking that is literally 20 steps away from the parking garage (if you find parking on the 3rd floor)3) Fun and spacious rooms with great appliances and beautiful windows + lighting4) Great for party-goers, romantics, and families! Everyone can enjoy this place!5) Awesome pool area that isn't overly crowded and plays great music6) Very close to center strip and is connected to Planet Hollywood and their shopping mall. Also across the street from the Cosmo which is currently the new hot spot in Vegas.7) Charge for Wi-Fi is great because it keeps me away from my computer and outside relaxing and enjoying the beautiful weather!8) Service was fantastic! Michael at the front desk was great! I put in a request for a lot of things... high floor, close to elevator, view of strip, and more and he gave me EVERYTHING I asked for..during an especially busy week!CONS1) THERE ARE NONE!!! If I could buy a room here... I would!RESULTSI just got back from a 4 day stay and I have scheduled my next trip back for 10 days!
3	I just stayed at Elara,  and it wasnt bad...just an odd experience...First, Ill say the " lack" of restaurants others complain about didnt bother me. The Miracle Mile shops are pretty much in the lobby..so theres alot of food options if you can walk..Also, I didnt hear any noise as others mentioned.  It was pretty quiet overall.  What started my stay off to an odd start was the wet washcloth on the bathroom sink when I got into my room.  Was this housekeepings? The previous guest? why is it here? i called the front desk to inform them, and while they offered to send up housekeeping, I declined and used another towel to move the stranded used towel away.Our shower didnt work too well, the handle that you pull up to make the water come out of the shower nozzle was tempermental at best.These things didnt ruin my trip,  I just expect more when I lay down good money. Id def give them another try if the rate was nice, and I knew for sure their act was together all around.
1	People creep into your room and steal your property. hotel doesn't allow you to report it. Do not stay here it is creepy and unsafe. This Dana George who commented below me was rude, unresponsive, and accusational. She did not help, none of her staff were capable of following simple protocol because I was transferred between her and her head of security more than three times due to them both claiming it was the others responsibility to help. They promised to call me back and never did. My girlfriend had her Tiffany necklace stolen out from her own locked room. that's a violation of safety as well as property. Imagine if she was awake or had woken up.. what could have happened to a woman in her room that doesn't lock in Las Vegas alone? Especially with such apathetic staff? Of course if you try explaining these concerns to DGeorge she will apathetically wonder what to do and transfer you to security because she's incapable of facing these issues on her lonesome. Do not stay here for your own safety. It would be one thing if the staff were at all concerned with YOU. Your family, your daughters, your wife, your property, are at risk in this hotel. They ignored our requests, ignored our asking for help, and Elara staff especially their general manager are incompetent and should NOT be allowed around other human beings. That means Dana George DGeorge@hotel manager.
4	This is the second time I have come to the Elara and have stayed in one of the suits. My group including me was about 8-9 people and we stayed in a one bedroom suite which had a separate living room and dining area. The dinning area was large enough to allow for a queen sized blow up mattress to be brought in. The living room couch pulls out into a queen sized bed. While in the bedroom there is another queen sized bed and a couch (which I don't suggest sleeping on because it's more of a lounge and will kill your back). Room service was great! They brought towels up right away and helped keep our room clean while we inhabited it for 4 days. The full refrigerator was perfect to keep our food/beverages cold and fresh. The oven, stove, dish washer, and in room clothes washing machine sealed the deal! This is totally the way to go when going with more than 6 people.
5	Well before West Gate changed the name to Hilton grand Vacations Hotel. I held my birthday here last year. It was great service and the room was so comfortable. The check in was fast and the view I had was great of the strip!
4	It took me a while to realize that the Yelp page for Planet Hollywood is actually for a completely different hotel, and where I ended up staying in reality was the Elara. Nonetheless, it was quite an enjoyable stay at one of the best prices hotels on the strip. A group of 11 of us ended up snatching a 1 bedroom suite for about $200 a night during a busy season weekend. Not too bad if you ask me.Pros:- Our suite was surprisingly huge. We were able to accommodate all 11 of us comfortably on the gigantic bed and the couch turned pull out bed in the living room. We had plenty of room for all of our stuff to be thrown around as well.- Fully stocked kitchen with plates, cups, utensils, fridge, microwave, etc etc. This comes in very handy with such a large group when trying to organize a round of shots or breakfast.- Huge Jacuzzi in the room if you don't feel like going down to the pool area. - Rooms are very modern and feature some legit amenities such as a projector, automatic window shades, 2 HDTVs, and a pretty loud stereo system.- If you're not looking to spend major bank at a day club, their pool is a pretty good alternative. Decent looking people, good music, but extremely pricey drinks.- Located right next door to Earl of Sandwich and Fat Tuesday. Best lunch combo.Cons:- Unnecessary door key security by the elevator. It can be a bit of a nuisance having to take your key out every time you pass this guy. Also, he's completely ineffective because anyone can just tack on to a group of people walking by with a key and get access to all the floors. - No drinks allowed in the pool area aside from theirs. Great way for you to buy their overpriced drinks, but very annoying when you're holding a huge Fat Tuesday in your hand and just want to relax by the pool.- Front desk tends to be unresponsive when it comes to the simplest requests. I understand it's a huge hotel, but so is every other one on the strip. They should be able to handle a call for a few extra towels.Overall, if you can get a good rate for a suite, this is definitely a good place to go. It's quite an improvement from places like Imperial Palace or Excalibur, but it's no Aria.
5	Elara was definitely a wonderful experience. We stayed for a reasonable price for two nights in the studio guest room. It was really nice, I didn't even expect it to be that awesome. Totally exceeded my expectations. There is HUGE king bed, large bathroom, great view, mini fridge, dishes, cups, dishwasher, everything I needed they had. I love that it is connected to the Miracle Mile shops and PH. Very convenient. Downside, the ice machine is on the 5th or 50th floor. Other than that everything was fantastic. VEGAS!!!! until we meet again!-Give this place a try. It won't let you down.
5	AMAZING!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! I didn't pay for our stay here but I believe it was a little under 300 for Saturday and Sunday night in a Junior suite because it was an upgrade on Hotels.com. I was super excited for my stay here in the Junior suite so imagine my excitement when they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom King suite FOR FREE!!! Check in at this hotel is 4 PM but we arrived from LA at 1 so I called to ask if they offered some sort of early check in so they advised us to go ahead and go to the hotel to see if any rooms were ready. We got to the check in desk and unfortunately the room we reserved was not ready so Cindy offered to upgrade us to a 1 bedroom suite with no extra charge the only thing was it wasn't the best view.  I thought the view was fine and for free? Why not?! The room was amazing!! The projector on the window cover made me feel like I was in the movies! The kitchen was pretty awesome and the hot tub in the room was perfect! I had an issue with getting one of the drawers in the restroom stuck because I was a genius and decided to stuff a curling iron and straightener in there. They sent a maintenance man right up. Terry was his name and he was bad ass! He never gave up even though he broke a sweat and was there trying to get it unstuck for 30 minutes.  Terry was my hero of the weekend! You Go Terry! The location was super convenient since we were going to a concert in Planet Hollywood. We didn't have to set foot outside at all because it was connected to the Miracle Mile shops and Planet Hollywood! I would definitely stay here again!!
4	After searching for deals at various hotels, I finally decided to try out Elara. It ended up being a good decision! I received a free upgrade from a Studio to a Junior Suite when booking through the hotel's website. The room was a great value for the price we paid.The room looked amazing! The living room has a TV and a mini-kitchen with a microwave, coffee pot, dishes & utensils, sink, and dishwasher. The couch was a pullout and could easily fit two people. In the bedroom was a king bed, TV, and large jacuzzi. The bathroom was spacious and also included a small TV. Both the living room and bedroom had huge floor-to-ceiling windows with screens that you can move up and down with the press of a button.The hotel room was fairly clean. The sheets, pillows, etc. all seemed freshly washed, but I noticed the dresser, night tables, etc. were all very dusty. Seemed like they put in the effort to replace/clean the necessary things in the bedroom and bathroom, but don't bother to wipe down other things.Hotel service can be a bit slow at times. We called for more towels, shampoo, conditioner, etc. and ended up having to wait over an hour for someone to stop by and drop them off. I was surprised when I saw that the brand of the shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion was Peter Thomas Roth (great brand)!The women who checked us in and out of the hotel room were both very friendly. We arrived a few hours early before the official check in time (4pm) and had no problem getting a room. We were also requested to check out one hour later than the usual time (10am).I wouldn't mind staying here again if they offer another promotion like the free upgrade. it is in a good location (center of the strip) and is connected to the Miracle Mile shops. The main downsides were that the hotel didn't have it's own self-parking structure and it took way too long for them to bring stuff to our room.
3	i decided to book this hotel because of the price and i didnt want to extend my night at vdara because it wouldve cost me a whole body to stay one more night there.it was only $112 bucks including taxes for one friday night at elara (no resort fees!), it was a pretty sweet deal considering again it was a friday and its on the strip! check in was pretty great and was polite throughout the whole time. its a shame i didnt get a "free upgrade" like some of the other yelpers..i dont know if the front desk is favoring certain people or what..but i thought that was def. unfair...to get a free upgrade..and i wasnt about to slip anybody an extra $20 bill if that was the case.one of my gripes was that we did have to slide our card into a lil black indicator box for the security guard to say if its a ok for us to go in. which i dont mind for security reasons but just thought it was really awkward because most hotels usually let you whip out your card and thats it..or like cosmo where you slide your card into the elevator and it lets you choose the floor # your room is on.the room was on the small size for suite but it was their standard suite plus it was only for day i would be here since i already stayed 2 nights at vdara prior. their bathroom is really small in my opinion but the room was clean and comfortable. my bf went to go get ice but couldnt find the darn machine anywhere on our floor (we stayed on the 18th floor)...this has never happened to us where we searched through our whole floor for it and didnt find it. we deicded to just forget about it but now irealized that from the other reviews that its on two other different floors...so inconvient! why would you do that?overall it is a good value room for it being on the strip and right in PH and alternative to excalibur but i wouldnt stay here again...maybe if i wanted to..try out their other suites but ill wait for a deal if that were to happen.
4	A friend and I were visiting Vegas for the weekend and after searching pretty obsessively for the perfect hotel (price, location and amenities) we decided on Elara.We got into town around 7 p.m. and waited in line for about 15 min to check in (fairly painless). Then the loveliest of lovely men (Michael, I believe) upgraded us from a Junior to a 1-Bedroom suite. It was massive! We had a wall sized projector screen and a massive jacuzzi tub. We were beyond stoked and spent about 5 minutes running around the room  jumping on the bed.So I've stayed here twice. Once as the PH Towers and once as Elara Hilton. On the surface I saw no difference. This is a truly solid place to stay. The full kitchen is awesome and should be taken advantage of. Bringing food and drink really comes in handy when you don't feel like making the trek downstairs and out into the heat. It's also much more cost effective. $115 a night for a weekend during the summertime is a really great deal and you can't beat the location. It isn't a complete 5 star luxury resort but it's definitely not roughing it.
1	Bachelor Party Weekend!So we dropped the big $$ and got a 2 bedroom suite! The suite itself was freaking amazing. Definitely 5 star worthy. It had a tub, huge projector screen, super modern feeling and really nice.Then why the 1 star? The service here absolutely sucked. For example:1. Asked the cleaning staff to clean the room. Came back, and.... they made one bed. No new towels.2. Called for some towels. Was put on wait for 15 minutes...3. Called concierge to ask a question. Put on wait for 15 minutes, transferred to the wrong people. Transfered again to the wrong people. Gave up.4. Called asking if we could get some toiletries. Was told no. Person hung up.5. We wanted to book a Cabana. Apparently that's impossible unless you physically go out to the pool, hunt down one of the Cabana workers. Great...Just in general, the place looks amazing until you want some help from the staff. Then you might as well bend over and kiss your rear.Now normally that's not a 1 star, but the thing is this is Vegas. Going to any 4 star + hotels you will never have this crappy of service.
5	We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. It was the  best room I've ever stayed in in Vegas. Great location, good pool, fair price. I'd definitely stay here again as long as I'm with a group of people.
5	I just stayed at this hotel and I loved it. Great location (it's connected to the Miracle Mile Shops), beautiful rooms, the service was nice (as always from the Hilton) and the price was reasonable. I loved this place so much that I'm planning a trip back in November!
4	Recently stayed at the Elara for a Bachelorette party and of course we had to do go all out. Rented out the three bedroom Presidential suite equipped with a kitchen, jacuzzi, projector screen, and beautiful views of Sin City. To accommodate about 20 girls we paid about $65 per night. Such a great deal! If you take a taxi to anywhere on the strip it'll cost no more than about $12. To go from Elara to the Wynn was $8. I would offer Elara 5 stars however, most of the girls weren't able to get any cellular service in the room which made it hard to communicate when we separated. The room keys also wouldn't work half the time which was annoying.If you're looking for a location to have a big party or celebrate your bachelor/bachelorette party their suites are perfect for the occasion!
4	LOVE THIS HOTEL!The decor of this place is just absolutely eye-catching. A Very modern chic feel to this place. Booked a 4-night stay at this place through the Hilton site for a whoppin' $380. Not bad at all! Believe me when I say, you get your moneys worth, AND THEN SOME!Arrived around 11P.M. on a Thursday night and was helped after standing in line for less than 5 minutes. The lady at the front desk was extremely nice and helpful. I asked for a room with a view, and man oh man, she gave us a room with a breathtaking view of the strip. THANKS LADY :DHouse cleaning was on point. Every time we came back to the room after a day of exploring, the place was cleaned and nicely put together. They even organized all our belongings on the table AND in the bathroom-- Brownie point because of my OCD :)Pros: Very nice swimming pool area with a full bar.Connected to the mall -- easy access to food/shops.Cons: It gets a little congested near the elevators because you need to swipe cards before you can go on the elevator. I guess to keep Elara is safe from intruders...?Will definitely come here again! HIGHLY recommend to people. This place is underrated FOR SUREEE!TIP: The $20 trick works here ;)
3	Random Musings / Stream of Consciousness About Elara:Wow, super fast elevators // tight security - don't plan on getting on elevators without a working key // no umbrellas on loan?! Seriously?// room service ends at 10pm in a city that never sleeps. Not sure this makes total sense // friendly staff for the most part // good location, minus the fact no cabbie knows this hotel // lack of real restaurant..huh? // $50/day "security deposit" is flat out whack // miracle mile shops suck, but it's better than nothing // awesome shower, comfy bed // black toilet that barely flushes has got to go // same for sink that doesn't drain // thanks for the upgrade to the executive floors // bed and towels are extra clean without that gross bleach smell // HOWEVER housekeeping needs to dust and vacuum more often // not complaining but odd they don't change sheets even after the second night // thank you for not charging a resort fee - this is def not a "resort" // no smoking - hooray! // does anyone in Vegas actually use the in-room dishwasher?! // NO FLOOR LENGTH MIRROR!!!  UNACCEPTABLE! // decent deal for $80/night but don't expect the Wynn or Cosmopolitan here. That's all, folks. Judge it for yourselves.
1	If i could, I would give this hotel ZERO stars! Worse Vegas experience ever! I chose this hotel because one of my other friends was staying there and we wanted to be at the same hotel. We requested for the same floor, and we were a few rooms apart. We checked in around 12:30pm and had some friends over. Started drinking and hanging out, and an hour after we got there, security was at our front door, demanding that non registered hotel guests had to leave because there was curfew. There's curfew in vegas?!?! Since when? The first security that spoke to us was very nice. So we were understanding. But the other security guard, that walked into the room, and try to check the rooms, was being very rude. He told us it was our second warning, and if they were to return, we would get evicted! We arrived an hour ago, how would we get a second warning, when we did not even receive the FIRST warning?! I did not want to argue with the security guard, even though I paid for the room, because I felt like it would just get worse. We were leaving, and gathering our stuff to leave with our friends, but he kept trying to push everyone out! It was ridiculous! One hour into our stay, and we were kicked out! I've been to hotel rooms where it was way louder, and there were no complaints! Don't stay here if you plan on having more than 5 people in your room!There's also big speaker, which you can plug your ipod or music player into, and play music out of. What's the point of having a big speaker if you can't even use it?!?!?!It's a shame. The hotel looked very nice too. The sinks did not drain. Everything looked pretty, but most stuff didn't seem to function properly. I can see why Planet Hollywood sold their hotel. Like others have said, they scan every single key room to let you in. You won't be able to get in without a valid room key.The website said complementary valet, but every single day and hour I passed by the valet area, it said valet full. SUCH LIES! They are too lazy to valet people cars. Why say it's complementary then?! Didn't even bother with the rest of the hotel service, because reading some other reviews, it sounds ridiculous to try and get in touch with the hotel staff. NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN!
1	Great location, reasonable cost, ridiculous noise policies, incompetent management. I'll never stay here again and do not recommend it to anyone.I stayed at Elara with a group of friends. We booked the 1 bedroom suite for 2 nights at a reasonable $460. Friends who had enjoyed their previous stays recommended it. Being attached to Planet Hollywood, Elara is in a great location just a short distance to a Fat Tuesday's and Cosmopolitan.We checked in around midnight. Valet was full. Settled into our spacious room and got ready to roam Sin City.Came back to Elara around 4am. We were talking and laughing, recounting whatever had just happened. Sometime afterward, security was at our door informing us that a noise complaint had been filed against us.Wait, what? Where are we? Oh yeah. VEGAS.Security explained the 3 strike noise policy: 1) warning 2) unregistered guests kicked out 3) all guests kicked out. BTW, this is your 1st strike.Slightly confused that we had been reported, we complied and lowered our voices for the rest of the night.The next day, we worked out at the decent-sized gym. We bought a cabana by the pool. Zanibeth (?) was an excellent waitress!Around 5am, we came back from Marquee (quick walk across the street) and late night eating. After a super awkward cab ride back, we started to ready for bed/pack since check out was in 5 hours. Our sensitive neighbors must have had security on speed dial, waiting for our arrival, because barely 10 minutes after we returned, security was back at our door telling us we hit our 2nd strike.After TEN minutes!I wish housekeeping responded that promptly.We were winding down and would have been asleep/quiet in the next 20 min. Come on!I stood there in disbelief as he told the unregistered guests to leave. He stood at the door and waited impatiently. He didn't even give them time to collect their belongings.The remaining guests and I tried to reconcile what had just happened. It wasn't that we were surprised they followed policies, but we couldn't believe the noise level we were at after just ten minutes of being back warranted a noise complaint.We called the front desk to better understand what had just happened. They transferred us to Mike in security who explained that the complaint was for "loud talking and loud laughing." He was very understanding after we explained our side of the story and eventually convinced his supervisor to allow our guests to return to the room.I was still upset that we even had to deal with this disruption on our last night in VEGAS, so my friend and I spoke to the front desk in the morning. I was ready to write off Hiltons (I prefer Starwood anyway), but my friend convinced me to give them a chance to rectify the mishap. Stephanie at the front desk empathized with us and suggested that perhaps next time we could be on a higher floor where guests might not be so conservative. However, she didn't have the power to do so, so she brought her manager into the mix.Enter manager (I didn't even get her name). She had just been at Elara for 3 days. Three days! We asked her when quiet hours were since we weren't told at check in and she didn't know when they were either. She kept emphasizing that there was an infraction and security was just following their policies. We weren't arguing that the policy was enforced; we were trying to understand why we weren't educated about what to expect when we checked in. It was a long conversation that essentially went nowhere:Manager: The Hilton Grand Vacations Club is more for families and plenty of the guests may prefer to sleep early. Security was trying to please our neighbors. She couldn't compensate us for the noise infraction.Us: It must be a branding issue since they're connected to PH not Circus Circus. If that's the case, we shouldn't stay there if we're not the target clientele and the noise problem could be solved by telling everyone else we know not to stay there if they plan to party in Vegas. Elara was referred by others and we knew other guests staying there that weekend. We planned to share our negative customer experience with everyone we knew to advise them not to stay there.She let us leave completely unhappy, even more so than at 5am. She seemed powerless and unwilling to find any way to appease us. She didn't grasp the impact word of mouth reviews have on losing business. She didn't believe "the customer's always right". She wasn't trained in issue remediation. She was ignorant of what makes a good consumer experience (www.pwc.com/us/en/advisory/customer-impact/assets/pwc-experience-radar-hospitality.pdf)I travel frequently for business and I understand the value of a quiet hotel room. I understand that not everyone comes to Vegas to party, but if a hotel has strict policies like this, they should educate their guests from the start. I guess Hilton has some customer service training to do.I tweeted this to @HiltonHHonors. Let's see what they do.
2	Pros: The room was very clean and well kept upon arrival. The staff was mostly polite and acted as if they cared. They do have good security that seems alert and tries to prevent problems.Cons: Where do I begin???? Ok, upon my arrival I was 90 min early and I was told that my room was not ready yet. They lady at the desk assured me that I would receive a phone call to let me know when it was ready. I waited on the black chairs and begin to notice that everyone after me was getting their keys and making their way towards the elevators,,after 45 min of noticing this, I went back and was met with more lip service(excuses). I explained how I was supposed to get this "phone call" and never did and repeatedly observed people checking in after me.  I approached the counter again and explained my situation to the lady at the desk . She did not respond and after a few minutes typing on her keyboard she said we now have a room for you...ok....cool I will just put this behind me and forgive and forget.....ahhhh nope!I get to my room and decided to take a shower, the water did not drain properly in the shower causing a pool of water to form. I called to notify and was told they would take care of it right away..ahhh nope more lip service...next day same thing...the day after that I called AGAIN and someone finally fixed it. My room was supposed to be cleaned on the 4th day...ahhh nope..didnt happen either...called housekeeping..was told that someone would be up there in the evening....ahhh nope!! never happened,,,do you see a trend here???? LIP SERVICE!!! Called back the next day and was told that they would try to send someone up after their lunch break.. AGAIN nothing happened...On my third call for a simple cleaning I finally had someone up there in 30 min,,,but really should a guest have to do all that song and dance for service,,NO!!! and my privacy light was NOT ON, nor was the do not disturb sign not on the door,,so there is NO excuse for this type of service. Also even if you are an owner you can NOT bring your own beverages at the pool...plan on spending 8$ on a beer and more for a mixed drink...really,,some of us have already paid our share.  I think this place has potential, but the left doesnt know what the right is doing...maybe its just bad communication amongst the employees, but really I have had better service in other places in Vegas. After reading other posts I definitely see a trend here.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel. The hotel was very modern and clean. The staff was very professional and really nice. There's no smoking in the hotel, so Elara doesn't have bad smells in the walls and carpets. I appreciated the clean air. My room was very spacious. I stayed in the 1 bedroom suite.The suite had an 8 feet projector television (I was in sports heaven), 4 flat screen televisions, washer & dryer, full kitchen, hot tub, separate shower, refrigerator with ice maker, nice furniture, and a nice view of the Eiffel Tower. The pool was really nice and modern. I enjoyed relaxing by the pool. The Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel did not have a casino inside the hotel but Planet Hollywood Casino was a couple minutes away. Elara having no casino didn't bother me. I wasn't tempted to gamble more money. The Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel did not have restaurants in the hotel but the mall and food shops were seconds away. Everything u need was basically at Planet Hollywood and the mall. I didn't have a problem gambling or getting some good eats. I caught a red eye flight back to Virginia and the staff held my luggage until I was ready to catch a taxi to the airport (After I checked out the hotel). I really enjoyed my stay at Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel. The modern rooms, pool, and friendly staff made me feel at home. I recommend staying at Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel .The rooms are reasonable priced.I give Elara a Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel a 4.8.Note: The concierge staff was very helpful(Matt).
5	After previously visiting Las Vegas a few times prior to my last trip, I was a bit jaded. Every single hotel that I had stayed at was underwhelming and a complete let down.Thankfully, Elara bucked the trend and amazed me. The lobby alone is jaw droppingly beautiful. The staff was the most helpful that I've ever dealt with and were very pleasant. The fact that the mall connects directly to the hotel is a big plus.Our room was fantastic. The view was great and there was enough space to comfortably accomodate our entire party. The furnishings were more than worth the price. And the pool? You'll be kicking yourself if you don't join in on the fun on a daily basis during your stay.
4	Ha! I just read the review from someone who was mad because they were asked by security to quiet down at 4am! They were upset because this is Vegas and how could partying at 4am be a problem! LOL I say, well done Hilton for responding to the complaint! There were people in the rooms to either side of me as evidenced by the Do Not Disturb lights on the doors. That is the only way I knew they were there. I never heard noise from another room or in the hallway so these rooms are insulated pretty well. I would suspect that a noise complaint means you really are being quite loud! Not everyone comes to Vegas to party. My recent business trip brought me to the Elara.I'm a Hilton Diamond member and was given a complimentary upgrade from a Jr. suite to a one bedroom suite. The room was exceptional. Incredible views....I could see McCarran from my window and watched Air Force One land with the President while sipping a glass of wine. The suite had a large wrap around couch, projection TV and big jacuzzi tub. All window shades were switch operated. Switches by the door allow you to set a Do Not Disturb light as well as a request for service light. There was tight security control over access to the guest rooms. There is a nice pool with a poolside bar, tables, loungers and cabanas. The hotel connects directly to the Miracle Mile with it's shops and restaurants. The location seems well situated for access to The Strip.On the down side....the roaming servers at the pool were not very attentive. No one ever came by to offer service. They delivered drinks around me but never stopped by my table. I know I could have flagged them down but that should not be required. All other staff that I interfaced with were very friendly and pleasant. The parking situation greatly concerns me. If you self park, you will be in the public parking garage shared with the Miracle Mile shops. I was very concerned about the security of my vehicle and it seems my concern is justified given at least one other review I read. Now, I did see somewhat of a security presence in the garage during my stay but it was spotty at best. I'm not sure what the hotel could do about this other than getting dedicated parking floors with a 24hr security presence. Definetly not a deal breaker for me, I'll stay again!
4	Just returned from a 3 day stay at Elara. Stayed in a nice one bedroom suite, its the only way to go!! Big couch, full kitchen, nice bathroom. Shower temperature and pressure were good. A short walk through the miracle mile shops will get you to the strip or planet hollywood's casino. (At the end of my 3 days I was tired of that short walk though!) Security was always staffed and checking keys at the elevator, and we saw them roaming the halls on our floor too. Stayed in room 5130, had an awesome view of mgm/nyny/mandalay (but at check in had asked for the paris/bellagio/ cesars side). Parking is an absolute pain. We got there around 2pm on Sunday and valet was full. We self parked in the Miracle Mile parking garage, but worried about the car during our stay. All in all, we had a comfortable stay in a nice room, but will probably stay elsewhere next time.
4	Located adjacent to Planet Hollywood, this hotel boasts some very comfortable suites, great for parties of 4-6 people.Stayed here recently for a bachelor party, and overall the hotel was gorgeous. Pool had a great view, wasn't too busy, and generally not too much craziness getting back to the hotel late night.My only gripe is that you had to put in a moderate walk to get to a casino, and an even farther walk to get to a casino you liked. Las Vegas has always been about everything being right at your fingertips, and the hotel being just off strip takes a bit away from that.All that said, when the night is done and the chips are cashed in (or lost!), this was a great place to end up at. Definitely worth checking out.Secret Tip: The pizzeria just inside miracle mile is open 24/7. Only food in striking distance. And it's tasty.
4	If you're traveling with a large group and you'd like a spacious suite to stay in that offers great value for the price and a central location, the Elara is an option that should not be overlooked.We booked a 2 bedroom suite (the 2nd room is an adjoining room that's connected via a locked double door) and it was more than spacious for the 6 guys who were there.  The layout is great for entertaining and hosting in your suite.  The living area is sandwiched between the two sleeping areas so it's central, plus it minimizes any noise that might disturb the neighbors.  I think I counted at least 2 queen sleeper sofas as well so plenty of space for your guests.  The blackout curtains that double as a big screen for the projector was awesome.  I wish the sound system was a little better, but that's just wishing.  We loved having the full kitchen and wished we had brought even more food and drinks.  We saw people walking in with boxes of groceries.  I would recommend getting some microwave pizzas and snacks for the late night munchies when you stumble in at 5am in the morning.  Beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were generous.  And TVs everywhere!!!  I wish we had brought some X-Boxes so we could have linked them up for epic Halo battles.While some people may not like the security that guard the entrance to the elevator banks, it really didn't bother us.  It allowed the guests to access freely, but prevented unwanted guests from following you in.  The location is so convenient.  Easy access to Aria, Cosmo, PH, Paris, and the rest of the strip.  Having the Miracle Mile shops right there was so convenient when we wanted to pick up food and sundries.  The only beef we had was that our room service never showed up despite numerous calls.  I would definitely recommend for large groups.
4	Great rooms! Great hotel! Good service (not great)!  We had just settled in our first room and being young, we're overly excited to be in Vegas! Soooo you would think we WOULD make a lot of noise considering it's ONLY 4pm but just 30 minutes in, we already got a noise complaint! WHAT THE HELL. So we requested to switch rooms because "we didn't want to bother our neighbors" sooo they were able to accomodate that pretty quick.  We did get moved to a bit larger room and was able to see the view of the pool so that was pretty cool! They had a tiny kitchen where bowls, plates, pots and pans were provided.  The location of the hotel is very convenient since it's adjacent to Planet Hollywood and when you walk to the 2nd floor, the Miracle Mile is right there! And if you decide to walk outside to cross the bridge, you hit the Cosmopolitan.  I was very satisfy with my stay and will consider staying at the Elara again! :)
5	This is one of my favorite hotels on the Strip besides Vdara. I stay here almost every time I visit Las Vegas. Smooth check-in, nice staff, spacious and clean rooms and we almost always get an upgraded room. Cannot complain. I just hope it remains the same now that it's owned by Hilton. I will continue to go back and stay there for the years to come.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!! This is not a Hilton really. They bought some POS hotel and put their logo on it. I'm so disappointed. I have been staying in Hilton's for years and have never seen such poor quality.. Dirty. understaffed. full of obnoxiously drunk college kids. bedding had lowest thread count possible- pillows horribleWe left a day early after being kept up all night by a drunk neighbor screaming. When we checked out and complained, the staff working the front desk agreed with us, they were not surprised and  admitted all these items are known and hoping Hilton can fix it. Our vacation ended a day early. BOOOOO!
5	I really enjoyed my stay here. Got the suite and it came with 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen, and a living room area with pull out sofas for extra beds. A big group of my friends stayed here for someone's 21st birthday and I am so glad he booked this hotel. The room itself was pretty spacious. It almost felt like an apartment in a hotel. I loved loved loved the bathroom in the master bedroom. The jacuzzi tub was so fun to just hang out in. The shower was so big and clean! The bathroom just had so much space to house a bunch of us girls getting ready and had tons of drawer space. The room decor was more modern and felt "hollywood" with a hollywood sign in the room and a piece of artwork of Marilyn Monroe. There is even a laundry machine in the room! What I also liked about this place is that they didn't charge you for the gym! They have a big giant swimming pool where you could lounge around in. It was really pretty. The only annoying part is whenever you enter the hotel again, you have to swipe your key. I guess it is for security reasons, but it is a hassle. I wouldn't mind staying here again!
5	PROS:-Connected to Planet Hollywood-Probably the cheapest "hip" place on the strip-Great sized, clean rooms-Caters to the younger crowdMOST IMPORTANT PRO: within STEPS of Fat Tuesdays and Earl of Sandwich, which is THEE best.combo.EVER. ^_^ Enjoy!Oh yeah, as for cons..? I don't have any. You're in Vegas for goodness sakes, try not to look for cons! Why ruin the trip with cons?!
2	A mediocre hotel with mediocre service and mediocre rooms at a relatively inexpensive price. My biggest complaint stems from housekeeping. Elara's housekeeping has been one of the slowest I've ever encountered. We called for more blankets, towels, and pillows. We were told "no." They told us they were not going to provide us with extra blankets, extra towels, or extra pillows and promptly hung up. So then we call again a few hours later, and someone finally responds and gives us 3 extra towels, pillows, and blankets. To you sir, you are a life saver. I'm sorry we couldn't tip you because we were just outraged at housekeeping in the first place. Second encounter of the worst housekeeping in history? Asking for toilet paper. Called for toilet paper in the morning and said they were on their way. Never came. Called again finally at night, came with two rolls. My second mini complaint is their tv channels. Get ready for a first world problem... The channel listing would not have any description or even name of the show playing. We'd have to go through each channel one by one to see what was on TV! And the cell phone reception you get even at the 33rd floor? Forget about it! It's non existent. I understand sometimes, why stay in the room in the day when there's so much to do in Vegas? But you know, sometimes you're just too hungover and want to relax in your hotel room. Relax. Not become more frustrated. If we're paying $580 for a room for 2 nights, I expect that in back in customer service.I don't know if I'd want to come back here again. I did enjoy the amenities the one bedroom suite had to offer. Projector for movie time, mini spa jet, kitchen with fridge. But just the way they manage their customers needs a great improvement
4	We stayed here over the weekend for my friend's bachelorette party.  They gave us early check-in at about 12:45, which was wonderful! The suite was great.  We had two bedrooms with king size beds in each.  Plus there were two queen size pull-out couch beds and two extra single couch spots. We slept 9 comfortably and could have fit more.  There was a huge living room in the middle of both bedrooms and bathrooms. (One bathroom had a jacuzzi tub.) There was also a kitchen and a huge TV screen that could come down from the ceiling and covered the entire window in the living room.  The staff was pretty nice.  We all got keys.  There's a great fitness room.  The pool was nice, but we got in trouble for moving a small chair into the shade, which was pretty stupid. The hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops and Planet Hollywood, which is really convenient...shopping, food, and gambling really close.  I'd definitely stay here again!
5	AMAZINGGGGGGG. We got the two bedroom suite and we had a lot of people(Not going to mention number) but exteremly a lot of people. This would be my second time stay at Elara. The conveniency of the mall downstairs make last minute trips before the club easier. Instead of driving to Ceasars we have one on the main floor. Roooms come with many hidden pull out beds on the couch :)
4	One of the best values on the strip! We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and it had everything you could ask for. It has tons of stuff near by and it's right in the middle of the strip. If your going with more than 4 people stay in the bigger suites. 2nd best hotel behind the Cosmo!
4	*edit*I've been meaning to update this but I totally forgot.  I got the entire situation fixed with the help of Dana George.  I ended up having a pretty good time here.This hotel is so unreasonable. On which planet does a hotel reward customers for booking late rather than early? It makes no sense whatsoever. Granted, I did book the non-refundable room thinking that I was getting the best possible price but for them to lower the price on the same room by 20% is absolutely ridiculous. I suggest everyone to read the fine print on their so-called "best price guarantee" because its so misleading. For this reason I will never stay at this hotel again and will make sure none of my friends or family do either. I hope they enjoyed making that extra $150 off of me because it's the last they will see of my money.
1	BED BUGS STAY AWAY PLEASE READi have stayed here twice, the first time was great, however the second time was a nightmare that has lasted two months after my stay! i stayed in room 803&805. the second night in, i woke up with around 10 small little bites all very close together i had no idea what it was, the next 3 nights i continued to get more and now 3 other people in my room were getting them. i went home to my brand new apartment in which i had already lived one month and been fine all brand new furniture and everything. the night i got back i got bit again i thought how weird, then i did my research and realized i had brought home bed bugs in my bag from this hotel! i called terminex immediately and they came to inspect and the source was my suitcase from vegas i had stuffe under my bed, which now had adult bed bugs crawling out. i have paid $400 and had 4 treatments and they are barely going away. i contacted the manager at the hotel several times and he ignored my complaint, never called back and basically called me a liar. his name was david. im guessing since they didnt take me seriously the bugs are still there and continuing to spread however not many people will put the pieces together in time and some are lucky enough to just get bit and not bring them home! please be careful bed bugs are on the rise especially in vegas, keep your bags off the floor and closed and if yoiu get small mysterious bites report it immediately. i dont care how nice this plce was if now that i've had these things i would never ever risk it in any hotel!
4	Located very central to the strip.  The suites provide an absolutely fantastic value for those in large groups (who won't mind if not everyone has a bed).  A nice touch that they even have laundry washer and dryer combination located in the suit as well as a full kitchen.  Never had any problems with the staff or service since the transfer of ownership from PH Westgate to Hilton Elara.  Great views from almost every room.
4	This IS the new Vegas! This hotel is pretty amazing in almost every aspect. It's clean, updated and within walking distance to the strip. Being connected to the Miracle Mile shops makes it a husbands worst nightmare if traveling with their other half but the girls can definately appreciate that. We showed up at 11am and were checked in early with no problems, the front desk was VERY accommodating and the concierge was helpful as well. The pool is decent size but if you're not down there by 1p you won't be finding a spot. I paid $14 for a watered down drink but according to the bartender "that's Vegas". So I went to the convenience shop in the mall and bought myself a six-pack....problem solved. We will be staying here again on our return in the near future as the price, service, and location can't really be beat!
3	Elera has a couple of good things going for it. It's a fairly new building. The rooms have nice amenities. It is attached to Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops for easy access to shopping and to PH's casino. I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite by booking two studios and requesting an upgrade for one room to a 1 bedroom suite. This technique allowed me to book the two bedroom at less than 1 bedroom suite prices. The suite was massive - the master bedroom had a jacuzzi tub in it. The kitchen area had a tv, the living room had a tv, and a projector. Al this technology sounds cool, but it wasn't really well integrated. Elera has a nice list of amenities to tout, but they are not very well thought out or integrated. For example, controls for room functions could not be controlled via the TV like at Aria. Stay for the location and price (usually pretty decent, better than Vdara), but dont expect a 5 star resort experience.
5	THANK YOU ELARA!!!! We got a 1 bedroom suite to celebrate my Boyfriend's 30th birthday last weekend and this was the PERFECT place to do so. The room is enormous and we loved the HUGE jetted tub in the bathroom. Also the rainfall shower head was to die for. Having a full kitchen plus a washer/dryer were such awesome touches we didnt want to leave! Also - I was shocked how inexpensive this was. I mean, it definitely wasnt cheap, but compared to some of the other suites on the strip you're getting WAY more luxury for way less cost. I would warn - do not order room service for dinner because it is pricey and NOT tasty. However the room was so lovely that I wont remove a star because of the icky food. I simply wont! YAY Elara! Thanks for an awesome vacation. OH YAH and when we got home we got a projector becuase we fell in love with the one in our room!
4	Beautiful hotel, a little off the strip but you can walk through the Miracle Mile mall to connect to the strip.  The price is ok if you are sharing the room with others (has a couch that turns to a bed.  I love the projector screen you can use instead of the tv.  If you can get it  for a good price I definitely recommend it, I've stayed there twice and enjoyed both times!
1	Had Room with two beds confirmed for four nights, booked months in advance for SEMA show.  One bed only offered on arrival. No compensation offered, not even a complimentary drink. No desire by the hotel to make it right.  Every other hotel was booked, we were stuck and they could have cared less.We were going to have to take turns sleeping on a really cheap sofa bed.We get into the room late at night after traveling, there was no bedding in the room for the sofa bed. Housekeeping asked "Are you sure? Did you check every closet?"  OMG! yes I'm sure. They send someone up to check, with no bedding! He confirms no bedding. Returns later with bedding and only one pillow!. Then says we have to move the furniture, unfold the bed and make it ourselves!!! Are you kidding?!! Our room had a kitchenette with no cups or glasses of any kind anywhere in the room. Called house keeping. "Are you sure? Did you look everywhere?" Yes, I'm sure. New guys comes up to check, with no glasses or cups!!!!  "Yeah, you're right no glasses or cups. I'll be back."  Each of these exchanges takes about 30 minutes. Can we just get a bed and glass of water and go to sleep? Is this too much to ask of the Hilton??TV in front room didn't work, a couple of lights didn't work, never got a bath mat. Forget it, we'll be here all day fixing up their hotel.  The night manager said there was nothing she could do and promised that the special events manager would call me back. No one called me back.I understand that there could have been a misunderstanding at the time of booking about the number of beds needed, and sometimes there are problems with a room. But what was really unacceptable was that the management didn't care at all if a guest was not satisfied.  I will never patronize a Hilton property again.
1	Oh where to begin....We stayed here on vacation.  The lobby, pool and rooms are nice.  Don't let the fancy exterior fool you....this place is not all its cracked up to be.So I tried booking massages for my self and 3 others.  We were out on the town when we decided on a day of R&R so I called the hotel to book them for the next day (mid-week didn't think it would be a issue).  The person I spoke to (didn't catch her name) said the hotel does not have a SPA but the sister property down the strip did and that they would pay for the taxi and they could get all of us in tomorrow but I had to talk directly to them, so she transfer ed me over.  The guy (again didn't catch the name) said they only pay $10 of the cab fare, so about half off cab fare, OK,  but that they couldnt get all of us, we had to go at different times, LAME.  So I said I would call back.  Had a little to much fun and totally forgot to call.  But when I got back to the hotel I figured theres a concierge that does all the work for me, I'll have her book the appointments, yeah I was wrong....I go to the concierge directly and she was not only the most unhelpful concierge in all of vegas, she was rude (and yes, I forgot to get her name).  Now it takes a lot to get me pissed, wait let me re-phase that....It takes a lot for me to show you to your face that I'm pissed.  I walked away with her having no question how I felt.  She had no idea where the spa was then she wanted individual credit card numbers of all the people going, who she was giving the info to is beyond me because she didn't even know where the frickin spa was.  Then she gave me attitude because I didn't have a name (bad with remembering to get names, remember) and I didn't wanna give her credit card numbers.  I walked away so pissed! Not coolInstead of a day at the spa, we decided to have a pool day.  I called (3 times) to reserve a cabana, and at $100 for the day was not a bad price.  The girl that was our "waitress" was awesome.  She was super nice and very attentive and of course I did not get her name.  She let us use this lounger thing for free as well (usually a added cost to the cabana).  The drinks were good and the food was excellent.  The only downer was the extremely big building that blocked the sun for about 2 hours :(  The next night we had a late night craving so we called to order some room service.  Only to be told the kitchen was closed and if we wanted room service we had to call a restaurant 2 miles away.  I asked where the menu was for this random restaurant he said you have to google it.  Wait what?  Yes, you have to use the NOT free internet to google a random restaurant.  By that point I had enough with the Elara.  So needless to say I went to bed pissed and hungry.  Which I guess go hand in hand. So finally its our last day and we had to print out boarding passes, sounds easy enough.  Which I guess was, but it was not free.  My husband had to buy the time to use the internet.  Every time you print something out it takes away from your bought internet time.  SUPER LAME.  It cost $7 to print out 4 boarding passes and it took 20 mins.  Next time we are staying at the Aria!
4	I stayed here at the newly named "Elara" on my recent business trip to Vegas. I didn't know it when I booked it, but it turns out this is the old PH Towers which I stayed at earlier this year in January. We really liked this hotel when we stayed last time. The rooms are very modern and clean. It is not directly on the strip, but it's seriously about a 5 minute walk through the Miracle Mile shops to get to the strip, so not a big deal. The price was great as well for the quality of the room. I'd definitely stay here again.
4	We tried this hotel for the heck of it. Got a great rate and Hilton Points! Apparently Hilton bought  couple of properties in the area. It is a timeshare, but they also do rooms like a hotel.  We had a great suite with a little kitchen and a great view. You can walk down to the Planet Hollywood Casino, there is a HUGE mall an lots of places to eat. Self Parking if you aren't a time share Gold or Platinum member. Staff was super friendly and nice and the location was great. We had a room full of screaming girls next door and no amount of sound proofing could of held back the high pitched shrieks. Other than that it was a great find.
3	One bedroom suite, not too shabby.  Affordable for a large group and prime location on the strip.I've stayed here 3 times and counting.  Really spacious and fancy looking!  But damn, there's something about random noises and people liking to knock on our doors here that gets me.Fit 11 people comfortably and most recently had 16 people in a room no problem.  Lack of space to put your stuff, but I had no idea until recently that there are CABINETS behind the L-shaped couch that can be opened and used for storage.What annoys me is the bathroom and the glass doors.  I feel like I'm breaking something every time I go in and out because I accidentally slam the doors.  TV in the bathroom is useless as I'd have to watch it from a weird angle and be near the toilet.  My party also has not figured out how to use the washer-dryer effectively to this day.Love the kitchen setup though.  And the fact that they give you all the necessities, hooray for a toaster, coffee maker, and blender.  Surprised we actually used all three of those kitchen appliances.The hotel has security checking your room keys outside the elevators, rather pointless if you ask me.  My friend said a room key can get 4 people in, but one room key can definitely get a whole party of like 20 in no problem, so I think that just defeats the purpose.Pool is cool, I'd swing by and chill here versus going to a dayclub.  Spacious and plenty of lounge chairs, can get crowded on those hot days and can be empty on those cold days--take your pick.Parking is rather confusing since it's self-parking in conjunction with the Miracle Mile shops.  Definitely got confused as to where to go, but take the left side stairs to get to the lobby and skip out on entering the actual mall.Seems like this place is a staple go-to place so I'll be seeing you a lot more in the future, Elara.
4	UPDATE: Dana G. from Hilton Grand Vacations has refunded my Internet access fee, but more importantly, it looks like the per-device policy is changing soon. This review has been edited to remove my complaint about per-device Internet fees, as it's not applicable anymore.The room was spacious and had nice amenities. Nothing too different from other higher-end hotels. It took a while to check-in, but hopefully that's due to the newness of the staff.
5	AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGG!  came here for a convention.  was checking in when the worker said be right back and she came back maybe 10-15 minutes later.  i was kinda annoyed.  she gave me a free upgrade because she was gone so long.  walked into the room and it was a SUITE!  its so awesome!  it's the best hotel i've ever stayed at.  my friend did not get a free upgrade but his room was also amazing!  i would've been happy even without the free upgrade.  i like that the hotel is in the middle of everything.  i can walk downstairs and get a quick bite to eat anytime.  the only thing is that you have to pay for internet.
5	Elara is now my go to hotel for Vegas.  My friends and I stayed here to celebrate a couple of birthdays and the location couldn't be better.  It's connected to Miracle Mile Shops which means shopping and dining is extremely convient.  We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and there was more than enough space for 7 girls.  The hot tub in the room came in handy when we needed to soak our feet after a night of dancing.
1	Jake L and Dana George do their best to ignore you when problems happen.When your hotel doors are broke. When you get robbed.  Jake and Dana are, in addition to poor managers, poor liars. I have yet to have a single call returned. A single email answered. Yelp correspondence has been my ONLY correspondencewith Jake L and Dana George. This hotel is shady.
4	For the location and size of the rooms, Elara is a great value for a stay on the Vegas strip.  I stayed in a 1-bedroom suite -- which can comfortably sleep at least 6 people since there is a pull-out couch bed in the living room.  The pull-out couch bed is quite "springy" but if you need a place to sleep (not on the ground), it is bearable.One thing to note (some may think it is good, while others think it is bad), is that the staff is strict about noise and having extra guests.  You need to have a functioning room key to get into the towers, and you sometimes you get noise complaints if you are playing music/having a few people over.  I just feel like the staff needs to realize that this IS VEGAS....and there is an expectation to have friends over and to pre-party.Otherwise, Elara is still a great place and coupled with AAA discount, it really is a great spot that is often overlooked.
1	Unfortunately,  I couldn't give negative stars, so it gets a 1.I am a travel agent that specializes in housing and I travel myself a lot. This is by far one of the worst stays Iv ever experienced and that is saying a lot.From check in to check out every possible step was a fail. I wont bother to bore you with all the details.Elara Hilton needs to take tips from other hotels on the strip and train their staff properly.If I wasn't a local on "staycation" I would have done an early check out and demanded my money back. Prime example of incompetent staff? When asked the elevator security where the concierge desk was they had no idea. It would also be nice if Elara management wouldnt reply with a cut and copied response they use for everyone giving a negative review.Get it together Elara!
5	We stayed here for 3 nights in the master suite with full kitchen, master bath, projection screen, couches, dining room, bar counter, another bedroom, and another bath. It was a suite that connects to two other rooms on the 33rd floor. Our friends ended up getting the two connected rooms and we had a blast! The view was great and it was attached to the Miracle Mile Shops. It was a few minutes walk to Planet Hollywood Casino, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and The Paris. Same goes for all the eateries. It was super inexpensive. The decor was on the modern/contemporary style. The color scheme throughout the Elara was red, white, and black. It was definitely on the "younger" side, in terms of clientele - between 25-40.Each of us paid around $150 for 3 nights with one of our friend's discounts. It was a great deal for a large group of people. We party in the suite and on the strip. This hotel gives you the full effect of Vegas without the expensive of being in one of the more expensive, renown hotels. If you're looking for a not so inexpensive stay with a group of friends, definitely go for the Elara!
5	I helped my daughter plan a Bachelorette Party for eight girls and I booked The Elara for their stay.  I didn't stay in the room but did go up to it and thought it was perfect.  They had a two bedroom suite with a full size kitchen which made it easy for them to fill the fridge with a ton of food and drink so they were able to economize on that aspect of their stay (which left more money for nice dinners, Chippendales, a spa treatment, etc., etc.).  And, speaking of economizing, the room rate was GREAT!  I had originally booked it about three months in advance but when I checked back about a month later the rate had decreased......no problem, the reservationist changed it and gave us the better rate.  But wait, another month later I checked the rate and it had gone down even more....no problem, the reservationist changed it again :-)When I picked up the girls I asked what they thought of the place and they all said they would definitely stay there again and they couldn't think of one thing to complain about.On a side note, I drove them there in a 23 foot motorhome and parked it offsite so I can't comment on the parking.  However, I was able to pull into the front entrance area to drop off and pick them up without any problem.  Just make sure the whole party is present outside before you attempt this as they don't like an oversized vehicle loitering around that area for too long (understandably).On another side note, if you're going with a big group (such a a bachelorette party) the motorhome was awesome!  The girls were able to party on the way there and sleep it off on the way back, they all loved it and the trip was a blast for everyone....even Mr. Stud the blow up doll.....haha!!!!
5	Stayed in a junior suite and the room was pretty big, clean, and we had an excellent view.  Would love to stay in this hotel again.
3	I stayed two night s on 11/7/12.The place is nice and very convenient with the Mile Mall (I think that's what is called) connected to the hotel. Gaming if you are interested is just a short indoor walk across the mall at the Planet Hollywood.The room was modern feel, clean, and received an upgrade which provided me with a very nice room with projector and jacuzzi tub in the room.The disappointing part was the WiFi Internet fees. Aside from the Resort Fee's, there is a charge of $10.99 for every device connected in a 24-Hr period. YES, EVERY DEVICE. I called after I was charged double and that is when they explained this per-device fee. I asked the representative to remove half the fees and he would not. I asked for details for which devices were connected and they didn't have these details either. I connected one laptop via WiFi and then connected it to the wall jack and that counted for two connections. I think these charges are ridiculous. Thanks
4	I stayed here for a night this past weekend and I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel is connected to planet Hollywood and has it's own entrance near the PH pool. At first I was a tad bit confused..and took a bit to find. Anyhow, the rooms are actually very nice and comfortable. We stayed in a modern room, old hollywood themed. One big queen size bed and a couch with a pull out. The staff was very nice and personable and the space super clean.They have a security guard that checks you in and out each time you go up to your room. Instead of just checking to see if you have a room key, they actually scan your card.Other amenities include a nice flat screen, fridge, sink, microwave, etc.  Nice tub, separate bathroom with sliding doors. Overall, very impressed actually. I never knew this existed and now its on my radar for future vegas trips.
5	Have completely enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Chose this place because of kitchen, center strip and there is no casino on property. Works well for family with kids. 1 bedroom suite has washer/dryer, projector for tv that kids loved, and big jacuzzi tub. Friendly service, clean rooms and helpful staff. All for a reasonable price.
5	We stayed here last March in a 1 bedroom suite.  almost everything was AWESOME.  The only slight issue was the length of the walk to the front of Planet Hollywood.  Its really not that bad but it starts to feel pretty long when you are trying to get back to your room from the strip at 3 am.  Being included with the miracle mile mall is a big plus due to the availability of reasonably priced food, especially at breakfast.
4	I spent 2 nights here and I gotta say I got MORE than what I expected. I found the Elara on hotels.com and it was only $85 for a 1 bedroom suite so we decided to jump on it.PROS:-CLEAN-Check-in: they asked if we had a preference in terms of if we wanted to be on a higher or lower floor-Near the Miracle Mile Shop: its connected to the same floor as check-in. -Kitchenette: complete with a  full fridge, freezer, dishes and oven-Floor to ceiling glass wall in the living room and bedroom-TV's: a full wall projector in the living room, another flat screen to the right of the projector, one above the kitchen counter, a mini in the bathroom and of course one in the bedroom-Hot Tub with jets in the bedroom!!-Spacious bathroom: the toilet and the shower were separated. Roomy shower. -King size bed was comfy- Great view at night from the 35th floorCONS:-Clean but STALE bedding -Room service menu was bleh. If funds are an issue but you still want a quality stay, the Elara is perfect for that. This suite was more than enough space for 2 people and I was well satisfied with the experience over all. I've stayed at more "luxurious" rooms before but I would stay here again.
4	I was unsure if this was a 3 or 4 star place.  Rooms are awesome. We had a 2 bedroom suite (room 3402) for family of dice.  Lots of space, great kitchen and laundry are a bonus when you have been on the road for 3 weeks.  Views are fantastic even thou we were no facing the strip.  Beds are comfortable and place generally clean.  I have no idea how the advertised sofa bed works in the lounge. It was not a fold out and too short to sleep on directly.  $20 blow up bed from Walmart fixed the problem.There were a few maintenance issues that let the place down a little.  Shower head did not hold its self up and leaked from the wall end.  Bedroom door kept closing and needed something propped against it to keep it open.  In the master bedroom something kept klanking in the wall and waking me up.  Not sure what that was, but very annoying.  Door cards need 2 swipes to make them work.House keeping needs to be given a shake up! When we checked in, the mastered was not made up.  It took a phone call and a visit to reception to get it fixed.  Every day a piece of cleaning equipment was left behind. The kids used to try to see who was the first to find it!  Soap was removed and not replaced, no tea towel in the kitchen and questionable cleaning standards should have Hilton management looking hard at this area.The hurricane around the lift lobby area and the unequal pressure between rooms and hallways creating drafts show extremely poor HVAC design and are probably the biggest problem Hilton have got with this old Planet Hollywood hotel.Overall it was a great place, quiet, comfortable and above all pleasant place for the family to stay for a week in Vegas.
4	Was pleasantly surprised.  The entrance for the taxi line and car park is a little challenging, but once you know how to get to it, it is not bad.  A little off the strip, it is not as congested getting in and out as the other Hotels, there is no Casino, so expect to pay $15 for valet.  Otherwise, just self park.Their one bedrooms suites are awesome with in room Jacuzzi tubs and a roll down projector/giant screen TV.Full kitchen option if you like to cook, I took advantage and made breakfast for myself during my stay.  With a full fridge, leftovers from dinner were not wasted!   I'll definitely be back!W
4	Late in posting this one. Stayed at the Elara last July for five night and was very pleased. Got a killer deal on one bedroom suite ( was the same price as most regular rooms in the nicer hotels). Room was great....spectacular view, full size automated projection screen, huge jacuzzi bath tub, clean comfortable furnishings, fully equipped kitchen. Pool was immaculate with cool lounge sofas everywhere. Location is perfect as it is connected to a mall, which leads to the Planet Hollywood casino, which then leads to the strip.......the nice part of the strip I might add. The room was quiet too by the way....( of course I didn't room next to the noisy people who posted below who thought having a party in the hallway at 5am was OK because by Vegas standards that's still early ????? )
2	Lovely establishment, however I call into question a few things.  One, the water pressure really stinks.  We're talking like...el sucko.Also, the fact that we had two rooms where we asked housekeeping to make up the place and put the lights out for it, but they never did, was kind of .... ehh...On top of all of this, they had automatically checked us out, and told my parents that they had to check-out and they'd check them into a different room.  However, this wasn't necessary since they booked a week, so after a nice talk with the guy up front, they took care of it through a bit of manual work.Overall, the entire stay was inundated with little bits of annoying behaviors that could have easily been avoided by better trained staff.  There were a few fairly good customer service people but in general, the overall feel was less than desirable.Unfortunately for them, my parents happened to be Hilton Diamond members which meant that they really like to keep their businesses within the Hilton family.  Oh well for that.
5	I'm a Hilton Diamond member and have stayed at this hotel before.  Other than the minor inconvenience of the lobby renovation, I love this place.  My wife and I were upgraded from a Junior Suite to a absolutely beautiful 1 Bedroom Suite (due to my Diamond status). It was beautifully decorated and very spacious...definitely one of the nicest suites I've stayed in. Great city views from our 53rd floor room!  We could even see the Bellagio fountains. I will try to stay here whenever I come to Vegas...
3	3.5 starsThe prices are usually pretty great, especially for a hotel on the strip.Rooms:Rooms are nice.  They have kitchenettes (sink, fridge, utensils, etc.).  Bathroom has a jet tub.  The tub has high walls so not good if you have trouble stepping over the tub.  I found it obnoxious that there are no electrical outlets near the bed or at the desk .Casino & DiningThere is no Casino, restaurants, or bars in the hotel.  BUT it is connected to the the miracle mile mall and Planet Hollywood.  You don't have to walk outside to access any of those areas so everything is within a short walk and the mall offers all types of shopping and dining options.It's a good hotel if you're there for work and want to avoid the chaos and smoke of one of the larger casinos.
3	I was down in Vegas for a convention and stayed here.  The room was very nice.  Roll up shades produced a great view of Vegas.  Although my view was mainly a parking structure, part of the strip, and the eastern part of Vegas, it still was pretty nice.  Had a Junior Suite, which I got for about $90 a night.  GREAT price for it, if you ask me.  Didn't try the room service, but I heard that it was pretty nice.  Fairly expensive as you would guess, but nice.  As it has been stated before, the water pressure SUCKS!  There is no other word for it.  It is abysmal.  Wait, I guess there was another word for it.  I tested it (boredom, yes), and it took almost 20 minutes to fill the bathtub.  Needless to say, the water was tepid by the time it was ready.  Not that I would take a bath in a hotel bathtub, but like I said, it was a test.  The elevators are something to experience.  I have travelled quite a bit, and I have never heard the wind moving through a room like it does in the bottom floor elevator waiting area (for lack of a better term).  It is like a freaking wind tunnel.  They had some construction going on in the lobby, but it was nice looking anyway.  There is a small bar down there that is kinda of cozy.  Now, the Mile Mall or whatever it is called that is attached to the hotel...the food establishments there are pretty expensive and the food is not all that good.  There are quite a few stores and such, and everything is overpriced.  Went into a sports memorabilia store to look around and I felt like I was going to get charged $200 just to look.  I mean seriously, a signed Urlacher poster for $699 (not even framed)???  But I digress...Now, the WIFI sucked in my room.  You have to pay for it ($9.95 a day or $39.95 for 5 days), and the connectivity was crap for me.  I had to set up my laptop in a specific part of my room to use it, and I could only link 1 thing to the WIFI at a time.  For instance, if I wanted to connect my phone, I had to find the connection (which took a few minutes for my iPhone to find the WIFI connection every time and I had to be in a certain spot), go to the website and put in my code, and then my phone was connected, but it would disconnect my laptop. And the other way around.  Almost every other hotel I have been to in the past 5-7 years or so has free WIFI if you are a guest.  So, Whats Up With That ELARA?It has a gym, and it actually has quite a few cardio machines in it.  There is also a few weight machines, two racks of dumbells (only up to 65 lbs), and a little cardio area with a TV.  There is also a business area that I did not try.Now, for security.  You have to use your room key card to get to the elevators, which is great.  I accidentally called 911 when I was trying to phone out (help to get the WIFI working).  I told the operator I had made a mistake and apologized.  About 3 minutes later, two security members showed up at my door checking on me.  AWESOME!  Some people might be annoyed by this, but I was thankful that the security portion of the operation was on the ball.  Two thumbs up for security.Overall, I would stay at this hotel again, but basically because of the price.  If I could find a better hotel for a few dollars more, I would probably go there.
1	My experience with this hotel just keeps getting worse. I'm one of those people that has guilt about leaving garbage in my hotel room even though it's the maid's paid job to clean it up, but when they just DON'T clean it up - for multiple days - then you wonder what else they skimped on. I had a view of a parking garage (unclear whether they could see me too) and no phone reception. The shower head was like, dangling off the hook and hard to get in place. Most frustrating, since my stay, i've been unable to get a copy of my folio (which means i can't get reimbursed by my company yet), in spite of two people who said they emailed it to me, and a third who said i have to fill out some form to request/authorize it, but then the form doesn't even have a fax number (yes, only FAX) listed in the directions to send it in so i have to call a fourth time today. Totally incompetent.I liked that it was non-smoking and slightly off the strip, but i wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to anyone. They clearly spent their budget on red leather and skimped on the details that matter.
5	I vacation quite a bit and yes I'm 50 but I have to tell you this was the best suite for the best price I've ever had. This place and view of the strip was amazing. Favorite thing getting Planet Hollywood without ever walking outside. Just a 4 min. Walk from our room thru the miracle mile shops. And the auto window shade that doubles as a large screen projector. What can I say. We visit Vegas twice a year and I want to stay here evey time.
2	I use to travel a lot.  I mean, a lot, lot.  During of those travels, I realized that the hotel bed I slept in probably saw a lot of action through the year (except that night I was there).  That kind of made me realize, "Jesus, there's a whole lot of f'ing on this bed (that I'm sleeping in)".  This applied to even the high class hotels (don't think there isn't some freak ass stuff going on with those people).  I didn't travel with equipment to detect bodily fluids, but I'm betting there would be a whole lot of traces of it in a hotel room.  Thank god I don't travel much now.The reason why I bring this is up is Elara's rooms reminded me of the nastiness of hotel rooms.  Having a bathtub in the bedrooms?  Might as well put up a mirror on the ceiling and call it the honeymoon suite.  I'm betting a lot of 'videos' have been filmed in those rooms.  Nice touch with the detaching hose spray in the tub.  I've been around the block to know what that was for as well.  All this stuff freaks me out when I've got kids wanting to be around that tub.A 1 bdr room is huge.  Check out a youtube video if you haven't seen one.  Unless you're part of a massive bachelor party, don't stay here.  You could tell that dudes were packing in rooms, because the elevators would have large groups of guys coming in and out of them.  Not a big deal, but hallways get loud, not to mention yelling/screaming in the middle of the night.  Well, next door was a couple who was proving my theory about hotel rooms at about midnight (top of the review).  I'm so glad I didn't have to explain to my kids about the noise that lady was making.Verizon wireless coverage sucked on the 30th floor facing the parking structure.  Someone else mentioned that.  Washer/dryer is a nice to have, but I wasn't planning on doing my laundry there.  A lot of TV's.  The remote controls and TV functions are slllllllooooooowwwww.  The projection TV is sweet, never seen that before in a hotel room.  Lots of channels to watch as well.  The pull out sofa bed looked like there were blood stains on it.  Used 2 bedsheets and it was good to go.  I'll probably never stay here again, unless it's with a bachelor party.Lastly, WTF is up with the $15 a day for valet???  I realize there isn't a casino to support the costs, but that's tacky.*UPDATE* Thanks Stephen (or Jake) for following up on my personally opinionated review.  I've been a Hilton Diamond member in the past, so I did enjoy staying at Hilton properties.  Sounds like you guys have a plan for the property, perhaps Elara will be considered again for my family vacationing needs.  With reviews like Judy V (2/8/2013), sounds like the hotel is going to have to figure out how to accomodate different type of guests.
1	Worst staff at ANY hotel, not just in Vegas...but anywhere!!! Total lack of respect by security and staff!!!! If you want to be treated like you're 12 years old.... Stay here!!!!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOUR IN VEGAS TO PARTY!!!!My cousin had a 1 bdrm suite and was sharing with a few girls including my sis. We were having a bachelorette party and 25 or so girls came to the room for games and drinks before heading out to a club. We were about to leave when we got a knock on the door from the Hotel. They said they had been coming to give us a warning for someone complaining for the noise. It was about 8pm for crying out loud!!! But a warning, is understandable. We were all leaving anyways. But I guess on the way over to give us the warning for the noise, they saw some of the girls smoking in non-designated areas and gave us a $250 fine!!! Instead of giving us a warning for that, we had to pay this fine (bc just about every girl was from ca and did not know of the rules of it not being a "casino" so they didn't know u couldn't smoke.) We didn't want any problems so we gladly paid the fine on our way out to grab a cab. Which I still find RIDICULOUSAt the end of our night of festivities, it was about 3am or so and there was maybe 6 girls including myself and 1 guy (my bf).... In the room eating soup n talking, sobering up. We weren't screaming or laughing like earlier playing our bachelorette games, we were just simply, talking!!!! My bf and I weren't even staying in the room (we are locals) and we were about to leave when we get another knock on the door. They came to give us a final warning bc of "another complaint" and said everyone who wasn't registered to the room had to leave and if there was one more complaint EVERYONE would have to leave!!!! I couldn't believe what I was hearing!!! We were just chit chattering. I mean, when we opened the door we were all sitting down eating soup and leftover dinner. I was in shock!!! So my bf and I left and I swear I have never experienced anything like that before. I've stayed in numerous hotels on the strip before living here when I was the tourist. And to experience something like this was very DISAPPOINTING!!! We were a big group of girls, a bachelorette party. In "sin city" and we were having fun. We weren't breaking anything or being rude or causing a ruckus. If it was a group of guys I'd understand, they get a lil out of hand sometimes. But come on now, a $250 fine and then a threat my cousin would b kicked out of her room. Maybe it was bc we were a group of Asian women. Maybe that had to do with it?? I saw a huge group of people coming down the escalator causing a ruckus as we waited in line for a cab, I didn't see anyone stopping them from having a good time. The place was nice, but bc of the TERRIBLE service and circumstances of that night, I myself nor any of the 25 girls will NEVER stay here again. We came to have a good time for a bachelorette party, and were made out to be bandits of some sort
4	I really liked this hotel - a friend of mine booked a suite with attached room for our super bowl weekend. It included jacuzzi tub, full kitchen, living room with an 8ft projector, and views of the strip! Our super bowl party in the room was so much fun with the TVs and projector - not to mention very affordable (compare to $200/head for strip super bowl party). The annual girls only Vegas trip I'll be planning will most likely include a stay here! Rating would have been 5 except there was confusion at check-in at the fault of the hotel reservation system.
5	Great hotel! Great staff! Great rooms! Great location. Had stayed here for 2 days and it was not long enough. The room was so comfortable and easily accessible to Miracle Mile and Planet Hollywood. Will definately returning.
4	Great & Fast check in process. The printer computer in the lobby was out of ink so the concierge A.Ruiz went ahead and helped us out print out the tickets that we needed that night. Overall great service. First time staying at a Hilton Grand Vacations. Great for a first impression & Beautiful hotel! Thank you!
4	Great price, Jr Suite corner room, view of the strip and mountains;wonderful bed do wish we had taken the name of the mattress.  Only issue was the noisy vent in the bathroom, but with both doors closed we didn't really hear it after a night out. We chose the Elara for the non-smoking and appliances,  very pleased with the security, all the staff pleasant and efficient. We enjoyed our 3 night stay.
4	Great location. Love the decor nice and modern. A lot of the rooms have great views. We had a 1 bedroom suite with the jacuzzi in the bedroom which was pretty cool. The room had a full kitchen and full refrigerator which was awesome because we came downtown to spend Christmas and we cooked food there. Also we had a few issues and it was very hard to get someone on the phone no one ever picks up, but the manager definitely made it up to us on our next stay very very nice and helpful. Ray at the front desk is also very helpful and nice. Great place to stay you don't have to walk through the smoke filled casino and the staff makes sure it stays relatively quiet.
5	The Elara is a great hotel in a great location.  There are no resort fees, no smoking.  The rooms are very nice.  We paid less than half of what our friends paid, yet we were where all the action was and our rooms were equally nice.  They stayed at the Wynn.  Its shares the pool with Planet Hollywood.  The views are amazing.  We stayed on the 32nd floor and it didn't cost us extra.  We had views facing MGM Grand and The Aria.  My new favorite hotel in Vegas.
4	Overall this was a great hotel and a decent value. travel quite a bit for work and am a Hilton Gold Member (keep just barely missing Diamond but that's a different story).  My wife and I reserved a studio room (the lowest level room they have) for my birthday weekend which also happened to be President's Day weekend this year.  Because of some child care issues combined with wanting to have as much time in Vegas as possible, we arrived in Vegas at around 9:30 a.m.  Mind you, check out isn't even until 10 am.  On a whim we asked the front desk if we could check in.  The front desk advised us that we could get a room on the 25th floor (a little less than half way up) right away or we could wait for a higher room to be cleaned.  Giving the option to choose rather than just checking us in without saying anything was a simple but nice touch.  We just wanted to drop off our stuff and get changed so we took the lower room.  It still had a decent view but faced away from most of the strip.  No big deal, like I said, still nice.  We also got upgraded to a really nice one bedroom suite which was a 2 level upgrade.  I get upgraded at a lot of Hiltons but honestly didn't expect one at this one so that was another plus.  The room was great.  The decor was a bit tacky but almost intentionally so and was actually fun.  There was a nice jacuzzi tub in the bedroom and a really comfortable chaise lounger as well.The customer service the entire time was great.  The housekeeping staff kept an eye on the hallways when they were cleaning other rooms.  For example, one day when we left to get lunch, we were asked if we wanted our room made up right away.  When we said yes and confirmed that we had changed the light, she said it would be taken care of.  We weren't gone for more than 45 minutes but the room was cleaned nicely before we even got back.  Also, in response to another review complaining about getting a penalty for smoking, the policy is everywhere!  There were signs in the room, I had to sign an acknowledgement when I checked in, there were signs around the hotel, it was abundantly clear where someone is and is not allowed to smoke.  As someone that has stayed in plenty of rooms at other places that used to be smoking rooms that were converted (meaning that it now smells like chemicals and smoke instead of just smoke) or the hotel didn't enforce a no smoking policy (meaning in stunk despite the no smoking policy) I greatly appreciated the no smoking policy at Elara and the fact that it is enforced.While the place is slightly off the strip, it has direct access to the Miracle Mile shops, Planet Hollywood Casino and, from the casino or shops, the Strip.  I agree with a comment from someone else that it has a shorter walk to the strip than a lot of "one the strip" hotels.  Over half of Caesar's Palace's rooms are further away from the strip.I would say the only complaint I had is that the swimming pool was under construction and there was nothing I found that said that.  I realize it is February and the hotel has to do the work at some point but my wife really likes going in the pool even in the winter.  My complaint isn't that it was closed but that no one said it would be closed.  But I guess nothing can be completely perfect.
5	This is a GREAT hotel. It used to be the PH Westgate towers but Hilton took over for now everything is the same but they are doing remodeling so hopefully they don't change too much because the rooms are SOOO coolJacuzzi next to bed with mirrorsFull kitchenWasher & dryerHuge bathroom with badetProjectorAmazing view of the strip throughout the entire suiteDinning room with table and chairs!!Living roomMake sure to get the "Premier Suite" it gives you more space and way better views!!
4	The big draw here is that it is connected to Planet Hollywood and all the miracle mile shops.  If you are guy and think the shops don't matter...it does.  1 minute indoor walk you can be in a bunch of sports bars...or seafood resturants......unbelieveable sports memoriabila shops...for the women...loads of nice clothes shops...and great vegas tourist gear, starbucks....  Really the list goes on.If you are a GOLD member with Hilton...it doesn't really hold the same weight as with other hiltons.  You don't get your free upgrade to a JR Suite like you might in another hiltion property.  You get half price off the price of an upgrade.Also - if you rent a car...expect to pay about $20 a day for the valet service and the tipping.  You can self park but it's really way out of the way.  Feels like a bit of a scam here to say the least.  So I took a star off for that.If you can keep the price to around $100 a night...you will love it.  Any more than thatn and you might have some second thoughts.
4	Great hotel with very cool and well appointed rooms.  If you're looking for a great, full-service hotel, this might not be the place because there isn't much else to it besides the hotel (no casino, no restaurants, etc.)  Most of the shopping and gambling needs  are met by the mall that connects to Planet Hollywood Casino, which is about a 10 minute walk....or a 20 minute walk from the Elara, depending on your condition/ state of mind. We stayed in the "extra wide" 2BR 2BA suite (these are only available from floors 51-56...I think) and also had the 2 other rooms that connected to the suite for a total of 4BRs and 4BAs, which is impressive.  The views are amazing, especially at night with all the other buildings lit up.  The suite had a full kitchen, Washer/Dryer, dining room, projection screen tv, the main BR suite has 300 degree views, a hot tub, and a tv in the bathroom.  A total Vegas suite....it was awesome.The only negative of the suite (besides being so far from a casino) was that the glass is tinted pink, so during the day the suite looked as if we had just landed on Mars.Overall we had a great time and, for the price, probably could not have gotten a better suite/hotel room.   I'll be staying there again for sure.
5	I highly recommend this hotel for your Las Vegas experience. As a Hilton Diamond member; there were no corners cut here. The hotel is smoke free, center strip, and has magnificent views of Las Vegas and the foothills. The staff is knowledgeable and extremely friendly, the workout room had everything from free weight, nautilus, and cardio machines, my room was full service too. My king suite had every amenity including a dishwasher, refrigerator, jacuzzi tub, and blender too. Finally and important is that they have security at the elevators. In order to get into the elevator; you must present a working room key that the guard runs a system check on! This process happens EVERY-TIME you try to gain access to the elevators. Talk about feeling secure!  This hotel does not have a casino which is fantastic because you do not have to walk through a smokey bar or unruly crowds. If a casino is your thing; you have a very short INDOOR walk to the PH casino. You also have the same indoor walk into the mall which provides tons of shopping and restaurant opportunities. Price....with all listed above my room was under $100.00 dollars a night (weekday rate). Once again; I strongly recommend this facility. I will stay here every time I come back to Las Vegas.
5	Love this hotel. Location is unbelievable. The views from the rooms are amazing with their floor to ceiling windows.  The furnishings inside the rooms were great.  As a HHonors Diamond Member, this property has everything I expect from Hilton.  No flyers under your door due to a Security Guard in the lobby entrance to the elevators. Thru the lobby you are connected to the "miracle mile" shops, and to Plant Hollywood Casino.  Great stay and great value!  HIGHLY RECCOMEND!!
4	Impressive room with floor to ceiling windows at a great price.   Very impressed - room was clean and brand new.    Staff was very friendly.    The hotel is connected to the shops and planet hollywood casino.   Will definitely stay there again!
5	I was a little hesitant to stay here after reading so many mixed reviews, however the one bedroom suite was everything I could ask for and more! Upon arrival, Michael from the front desk was helpful and very sweet (this was really nice, especially after the long drive in). He put us in a room with a spectacular view overlooking the Eiffel Tower and partial view of the Bellagio fountains. When getting settled in, Michael called the room to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. The only thing we were missing was a frying pan, but someone brought one to the room right after making a call.My favorite parts of the one bedroom suite were:1. Projector to view television. Definitely made getting ready to go out way more fun.2. Full sized refrigerator, stove, and dishwasher. This saved us so much money on dining.3. Whirlpool tub. So nice to soak the hams after a long day of walking and a longer night of dancing.4. Not really a part of the suite, but the distance to Planet Hollywood and the strip is only about a 5 minute walk. So convenient!Housekeeping called daily to ask if we needed any additional amenities, instead of us flipping the housekeeping switch or having to call in ourselves.Overall, I would say that this hotel and its employees went above and beyond to ensure we had a nice trip. Definitely recommend!
1	Not coming back. I reserved a suite for 2 nights (at over $400 per night...) and the airline sent my bag to the wrong city. While I was there they did not even attempt to help, with things as simple as letting me use a lost and found cell phone charger. The room was overpriced and has few amenities. The TV system/in room controls are horribly slow and hard to work. Got a view of a parking lot from our room, not good for the room price. Also, the only bar closes entirely to early for Las Vegas.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by and pleased with my stay at the Elara in February. I was speaking at a convention, and found this hotel's 1- and 2-bedroom suites to be much nicer than the suites over at Planet Hollywood.The views from the 53rd floor were stunning, and there were floor-to-ceiling windows in each room -- plenty of viewing space.Best part (for us, anyway) was having a Panasonic 1080p projector and a 140" screen. We used this exclusively for presentation creation & prep and it turned out great.Business center is terrible, so I'll take a half-star off for that. Otherwise, very satisfied for the price.
4	Style, comfort and Hilton service combine to make this a great experience. The rooms are spacious and clean. We hear no noise from neighboring rooms or guests and the view is spectacular. It looks as if Hilton is upgrading the property to give it a warmer feel. I hope they consider upgrading the fitness center since it is limited and could use more equipment. Also, a full service restaurant is needed.
5	Great Hotel.. Good service.. quick valet service.. great rooms! great views.. was very pleased.. wished i couldve stayed longer.. the bed was so comfortable. Definitely recommend staying here if you dont want to deal with a huge casino.. the walk to the room is quick and easy.. Very pleased!!!
1	MY FIRST and LAST VISIT HERE! Myself and 7 other people stayed at the elara this past weekend for my 21st bday. When we arrived to our 2bedroom suite we fell in love with the amenities and views that we had. My boyfriend and cousin had stayed in a similar suite when it was the PH towers. We also liked that it was so close to the planet hollywood casino and attached to the miracle mile shops. Where it all went wrong, our 2nd night at the hotel we were getting ready and had music on, apparently the music was to loud because we had security ( Anthony ) come up and give us our first strike in a rude manner. Seriously we are in vegas and we were using their stereo system maybe they should remove that or adjust to what volume we were able to use.( we didn't have it on max) 3rd day we called the front desk that we could hear a smoke detecter going off in one of the rooms next to us, they said they would send someone up. We could still hear it a couple hours later. When we came back from our night out we noticed a horrible smell coming from the room next to us. It smelled like a dead animal very unusual and disturbing smell. Two of our guest went to the front desk to tell someone about it. While they went down we had 2 security guards (Samantha) knock on our door and say that there is loud music and we explained there's no music on, then she said loud voices that this was the second strike and all non registered guest will have to leave.  Both security came in the suite and told us who can stay and everyone else had 10mins to gather our stuff and leave. We tried to explain that we had someone down stairs complaining about the smell in the hall way and she just kept saying they were sending someone up for us to start gathering our stuff. At that point I had to wake up my boyfriend and we started getting our stuff together. The room was under my cousins name and while he was at the front desk he was even getting a later check out time, when he came back up and found out what was happening he couldn't believe that some of us had to leave. As we tried to explain stuff to security they would just be rude and tell us we all need to leave now!
5	Me and my friends wanted to go to Vegas for only one day. And we found this hotel omg the suite was awesome. We walk in all surprise every word that came out of our mouth was omg. We have a kitchen every room has T.V plus they have a scene that you can put down to watch, just like if you have a movie theater in your house. It is also a block away from the strip so it wasn't that bad. Over all the suite is great I will stay here again not for one day but more days.
4	- Ideal location (next to Bellagio, Paris, Miracle Mile Shops...),- Very comfortable rooms (stands comparison with high-end hotels on the strip),- Calm atmosphere (there is no onsite casino),- Proper service,- Good prices. My average nightly fee was $159+tax for a 4-night stay and that was during the very busy week of spring break/march madness.I can only recommend a stay at the Elara. The place is still in a transitional phase from being the flagship Westgate timeshare property to a Hilton Grand Vacations, the current decoration doesn't mirror that of traditional Hilton properties, but it's no big deal, the Elara is a great value.I can't put 5* however for the following reasons:1) Check-out time is 10:00am with no extension possible ... this is Vegas, what a sadistic rule!2) The water is strange, a bit creamy; You get like an all-in-one shower and body lotion with a 'can't-wash-it-off' feel. Now, I know that this is Vegas and I should be grateful that water is freely available, so I wouldn't complain if it was not for the fact that YOU CAN'T DRINK THE TAP WATER AND THEY DON'T PROVIDE BOTTLED WATER IN THE ROOM, whether for free or for purchase, there is no mini-bar. Being able to drink something in the room is a base need of a hotel customer. One more thing about water. Why would a hotel room that sleeps two and with no stove need a family-size dishwasher? Well, we used two cups to drink our coffees in the morning and placed them in the sink. When we came back to the room the dishwasher was on!! It's a shame, hotel management needs to educate cleaning personnel to water conservation! I almost gave 1* to this review because of that, but angry reviews are not helpful ones. I hope the hotel management is reading that.
4	I fell in love with this hotel- everything about the room is PERFECT. 4 stars only because it does not have a casino downstairs.  They are building a day club pool which is in its late stages of completion and looks like it's going to be a great time. We had a two bedroom suite and everything from being able to watch the NCAA on a projector screen to having a whirl pool tub in the master bedroom- AND a mini washer/dryer in the closet of the bathroom was so luxurious.
5	This might be the nicest hotel I have stayed at in LV. Got upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it must have been almost 1000 square feet. Had a huge projector screen and a large jacuzzi in the bed room. Full kitchen and a nice view of Paris and the mountains.All brand new and I REALLY like that there is no casino here. Was nice and quiet and the perfect place to stay for a business trip.I will be back.
3	On the 28th floor. We had a BEAUTIFUL view of where you can see the high rising buildings and the strip. At night, it is awe. The room we had is ok. I wish they could of have a few trash cans. I know it is not the Cosmo or Aria but it might need a bit more upgrades like the showers, carpet, furniture. Not saying they are but again, Hilton just bought out this once owned Planet Hollywood and are in the process of a major overhall change. Oh one thing you have to pay wi fi....hmmmmmm that was one if my negatives.
5	The one bedroom suite is probably the nicest vegas room you can book for the money. Comes with a hot tub (NOT in the bathroom, an actual hot tub in the bedroom). The room is huge, and can fit a ton of people on the pullout and extra couch. The space, along with the kitchenette and large fridge makes this the go-to bachelor party/college kid weekender spot.
3	Stayed at Elara last weekend.CON: Check out time is 10am, and they will not honor a late checkout request on a Sunday morning. The maid will knock on your door at 10:03am. I have stayed at ALL of the neighboring hotels on a Saturday Night, including Cosmo, Grand Chateau, Polo Towers, PH, and Paris. All of their standard check out times are 11am, and have never been denied a late check out at noon before. Even at Polo Towers they offered a late check out with an extra charge option. Expecting your guests to be up, packed, functional, and ready to leave by 10am after a Saturday night in Sin City is ridiculous. We also checked in at 315pm and Ray expressed concern the room may not be ready for check in, but got us in just fine. The TVs are a little small, with the largest TV at 32 inches. This does not include the projector Unit.PROS: -Ray at Front Desk was great. He gets 5 stars.-The rooms are amazing. Very modern rooms, with great views even when not facing the strip-Price. We paid $160 for 660 sq ft, separate bathtub. 4 TVs (avg size about 32"), but a projector screen (floor to ceiling, but a little dark)-Location. Walking distance to Cosmo, PH, Paris. Nice to not have to take a cab to Cosmo or PH. Overall, I if I was able to check out at 11am or noon, this would be a 5 star review. Losing that one to two hours means you cannot use their beautiful bathtubs in the morning unless you wake up at 8am, which for most people who are on vacation in Vegas, is not an option.
2	Not the usual Hilton standards.  The building is new but the decor is  old style, really.  The hallway is of dark reddish brown walls and our room had a BLACK toilet.  There was no hot or warm water the morning we were to check out, date 4/4/13.  The staff kept saying that we had to keep our water running to get the hot water up to our floor, done that, not working.  Anyways, there are lots of better places to stay than this Hilton failure.  The only good point is that we were connected to the mall.
4	Sweet sweet Elara and your beautiful floor to ceiling windows and jacuzzi tub in your 2 room suite.  This was the perfect room to the bachelorette party (on a budget) I attended.  The red couch did have some questionable staining.  They were a little stingy on the coffee (and requesting more took about 45 minutes), and there were no extra sheets for the pull out couch.  Overall, perfect for what we were doing.  I can't say I would recommend it if you're trying to impress a lady.  I'm sure there's another Vegas option with a view and couches that aren't stained.
4	We used to frequent this hotel when it was still called Westgate PH Towers. We've been in pretty much every room, except the huge presidential suite. 1. The reason we had picked this over the rest, is because it's non-smoking. The whole place is non-smoking. And I am so sensitive to cigarette smoke this was something I absolutely had to have. 2. Some come with kitchens, or a microwave, which was a plus because we wanted to be able to eat breakfast in the hotel, not out and about. But the supplies in each room are spotty at best. Some come with 2 cups and a couple bowls. One time we had a room that only had mugs, no glasses, and 2 forks? Random. They need an inventory checklist or something. 3. Valet parking? Don't mind if we do. And we did. It was never full when we came through. They will also hold your bags if you room isn't ready. We would come back, but we just can't find a good deal on it anymore. The prices never budge now that Hilton has bought it out. Which is a shame, because this would be out go-to hotel, like it was, for every Vegas vacation.
5	I've been staying at PH Towers / Elara for years. This place rocks! Here's why:1) VERY friendly staff and 'customer-first' attitude - always do their best to accommodate my needs (high floor, strip view, late checkouts, extra towels/pillows, YOU NAME IT!)2) Free parking, convenient location (right across the street from Cosmo, Aria, CityCenter, Bellagio)3) Its also connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and PH, which is great for shopping and late night food including Panda Express and Earl of Sandwich.3) AMAZING pool area with a great vibe and atmosphere. It's also extremely convenient to get to and from rooms. 4) There is a free on site gym that has all the amenities you need for a quick pre party workout. 5) The lobby is well decorated with ceiling to floor glass windows looking over the pool.6) The large jacuzzi jet tubs in the rooms are awesome! 7) If you get a one bedroom suite or more, the kitchen is fully equipped and large.(microwave, dishwasher, oven, blender...etc)8) There is a washer/dryer in many of the rooms that comes with detergent!9) The couches turn in to pull out beds that are actually comfortable in case you have more guests!10) If you request a high floor, the views are AMAZING (airport, Bellagio etc)11) There is a massive projector in the living area that is great for watching sports. What else can you ask for?! Whether your coming with your girlfriend for a relaxing vacation, or your partying with a large group of people, Elara can accommodate all your needs and make your stay comfortable and convenient. The location, amenities, and great price is more than you can ask for!
1	I was told by a friend this was a great place to stay.  we were told  we could get early check in,  then we got here and they said no.  we were told  valet parking was free.  it's $15.  we booked two  suites  and they are tiny  and  mirror is broken and water damage all  over the ceiling.  front desk didn't care.  we literally just checked in  and are stuck here for three  days.  ugh!
4	Stayed here two weekends in the past month and definitely loved it.Pros- Good sized rooms, good decor, clean, and good views (depending on how high your room is)- They even have a mini kitchen thing with a microwave, fridge, and sink.- The location is great. You're right in the middle of the strip and the Elara connects to the Miracle Mile Shops hence connecting to Planet Hollywood + casinos + dining.- Quiet and non-smoking hotel. I read some reviews on here about people being loud and getting warnings. Sorry but I'm more of a "if I'm in my hotel room I'd like to relax" type of person. If I wanted noise, I'd go to the bar/club.- Was able to check in early at 3:30pm (check in is usually at 4pm)Cons- No late check out. Yup, gotta get out by 10am.- On one of the weekends we stayed, when we did the bathtub air jets thing, it jetted out all this black dust. At first I was like okay, maybe it hasn't been used for a while. Just gotta let the dust out. So I think all the dust is gone, drain the tub, refill it with water again, turn on the air jets, and bam, there's black dust again. Sorry but that's gross.- I think the TV is satellite so during one of the weekends, I was switching the channel. Next thing I know, I'm stuck on one channel. I can't change the channel and I can't change the volume. The only thing I can do is turn the TV off and on. I think, okay whatever, maybe it'll fix itself, I'll go do something else. So 30 minutes pass by, I check the TV and it's still stuck. So I start calling front desk and as the phone is ringing, the TV reboots itself and is fixed again. Lol I wonder if the people at the front desk were like 'oh another call about the TV'.Even though there are 3 cons, I feel like 2 of them are very small and manageable. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, compared to the prices of the other hotels, this one of the in the middle ones. Not pricey but not cheap. I would definitely stay here again.
2	Check-in? Was a severe disaster! Customer service? Some of the staff desn't even have a clue what that is! Quality of room #1? 2/5 stars and that's only because they included a tiny kitchen. Quality of room #2? 5/5 but that's only because it was a comp upgrade.Wack, wack, wack! This hotel a.k.a.timeshare is ridiculous for the pricing. I've stayed at station casinos that were more appealinig... even the smoked out south point casino had more appealing rooms than this place.First, I have never heard of a hotel that charge guests $15 a day for valet. Their response "we're a timeshare not a hotel so that's how we run things!" Well excuse me for spending my money to have a Vegas getaway. Anyway, we finally make it to one of our two rooms booked and doing some inspecting we've noticed there's severe water damage to the roof above the shower due to a leaking pipe or something so we decide to report the problem to front desk and the lady I've spoken with said "ok, so you want me to send an engineer up?" Wtf is he suppose to do? Wave a magic wand and it all will get better? Lol. As I was on the phone we've noticed that one of the "kitchen" cabinet doors was loose of the hinges as well as the swivel make-up mirror in the bathroom so I informed her and she replied "well... Ok, so what do you expect us to do?" I kept my calm after that and just ended the call.Called back in 20 minutes and spoke with the front desk manager Greg who was nice and advised us that our room shouldn't have even been given to us in that condition and he will upgrade our room at no charge form a jr. suite ($99 per night) to a 1bdr suite ($169 per night) with free WiFi for the inconvenience. I appreciated that help after speaking with the rude front desk girl. We had our friends staying in the second rooms we booked and decided to add their names to the reservation so they can check-in and we can go out and enjoy the city since they were arriving later than us... About an hour later we get a call from our friends stating they can't check-in because their names aren't on the reservations. We;re already on the opposite side of town at Aliante Casino trying to eat and was forced to leave dinner to get them checked in. Weird part is, the front desk lady offered to us to add our friends names to the reservations so they can check in without us but it was never done. We arrive in the parking garage 45 min. later and Roy from front desks called to inform us he found our friends names on the reservations and provided them a key so they're settled... 10 minutes later our friends called and stated that front desk gave them a key to our room instead of theirs so now our keys will no longer work so we still must return to the hotel to have it corrected and reactivated. We arrive to the lobby to give them a piece of our minds and have all the keys issued to the correct people and a guy, i forgot his name, advised me "we could always provide you guys with complimentary bottled water"; what the hell? Bottled water doesn't pay for the gas wasted, headaches, hassle and stress. We packed our bags and was bumped to the 32nd floor (3217 to be exact) in a 1 bdr Marilyn Monroe themed suite. Full kitchen w/ dishes and small appliances; jacuzzi tub in the bedroom with electronic shades. Projector in the living room area with a red, cheap leather wrap-around couch. A dirty, obviously over-sexed zebra striped lounge chair but the unit had an all-in-one washer & dryer. Overall the room was good and spacious but the shower head had no pressure and stayed luke-warm. The toilet and sinks had more water pressure smh. The remotes to the 4 tv's in the unit had near dead batteries so there was alot of remote smacking going on lol.We had this unit for 3 days and housekeeping stopped by to clean at 4pm of our last night so we went without restocking of shampoos and conditioners but no worries since we've learned to pack our own essentials. We were accommodated a late checkout for 5p from Greg but decided to hang it all up at 2p. Checkout was the smoothest part of this whole experience. My good freinds recommended staying here but i can tell the whole experience was a bit emabarrassing. As we drove away from this timeshare/hotel it was the first bit of relief we've felt since we started this vacation.I'm only giving the place 2/5 stars because Greg was helpful w/ the free upgrade, wi-fi and he bought the 1st round of drinks for my fiance and I. I also was impressed with having security checking key cards at the elevator. Other than that, the pool sucks and they're highly overpriced for drinks when 1/2 their bartenders don't know how to make most of the drinks we asked for which are pretty common. The whole check in hassle was a disaster from the two rooms we booked. But it'll have to take the guiness book of records type of amazing customer service for me and my fiance to ever book here again... Now it's time to write my review and share my pics to trip advisor as well.
5	I stayed at this hotel back when it was Planet Hollywood towers and loved it! ----------I stayed here recently with eight friends and we decided on the 2 king bedroom suite which is two king-bed rooms connected to a living area, dining area, and kitchenette!THE SUITE-------------------------We got the corner suite on the 20th floor which had really nice views of the city, from different angles/rooms. Both rooms were nicely furnished and the living room was neat and came with 2 sofas which one of them can be converted into a pull out bed! The dining and the kitchenette area is another plus to this hotel! I like how you can control the blinds with one push of a button and the blinds in the living area is actually a huge projector screen! Both of our bathrooms were nice, but one of them didn't lock!!!STAFF-------------------------Everyone is nice and friendly in this hotel. From their staff in the lobby, room service, and maintenance guys were all very friendly. Yes, we had to deal with their maintenance guys since our fire alarm went off on our first morning, due to a dieing battery?OTHER PROS-------------------------- Washer and dryer is installed in the room. It is a bit confusing to use, but it's very convenient, especially if you plan to take a dip at one of the many pool parties on the strip!- One of our bathrooms had a jacuzzi!- Location is awesome! Miracle Mile Shop is located right below, so you are surrounded with shops, restaurants, bars, and casino!- Security/Staff checks guests with room keys near the elevators!CONS-------------------------- Room service food is on the pricey side and portions are also small, so only settle for their food if you are extremely hung over and cannot walk downstairs!- Lack of mirrors. We had a group of nine and a huge suite, and only the bathrooms had mirrors.Overall, Elara is a great choice if you are traveling with a group! Prices are reasonable and their suites are modern, hip, & nicely furnished! You also cannot beat the hotel's location!5/5 Recommended!
4	Decent hotel and experience.  Rooms are starting to show some wear and tear.  Hotel rooms will need a refresh soon
4	Came here and stayed in a 1 King Bed Suite.Interior was actually more spacious than I thought. The 1 King Bed was large, with a hot tub next to it. The living room had a pull out sofa bed, and another couch that was available to sleep on. There is also a projector screen if you wanted to watch movies or something on the huge wall. The kitchen was also a bonus, because I didn't think that they would already have a lot of supplies like glass, cups, plates, utensils, cutting board, and knives, which you don't think you'll need, but lets say my party and I definitely needed! They also let us check in at 8AM instead of waiting until the afternoon, so that was an added bonus! Thanks Elara!While getting ready to go out clubbing, we cranked up the sound system SUPER LOUD and to the MAX! Until hotel management knocked on our door and slapped us with a warning and said that our neighbors were complaining about noise. Seriously, THIS IS VEGAS! Are you really sleeping at 8PM?!? If you want to know the rules regarding that, first warning is a reminder. Second warning means that every guest not registered is kicked out, and the last warning is when everyone has to leave. Ruined the pre-gaming, but we still made sure to make up for it.   Lastly, I love the convenience of this hotel! In the middle of City Center so you're next to the Vegas Strip! Near EARL OF SANDWICH, NEAR FAT TUESDAY, and next to Marquee Day/Night Club. You can walk within any of these places and don't need to take a taxi unless you're feeling extremely lazy, but that would take more time because of traffic.The pool is a bit small and can get packed and crowded.One negative I'd have to note, is that I hate it when hotels have toilets that aren't completely separated from the rest of the bathroom. They have a glass wall (that doesn't extend all the way up or down) blocking the toilet from the rest of the bathroom. So if you have a large group of people, you might have to make compromises on toilet time/shower/using the sink time. No Free Wifi not even if you're at guest staying at the hotel... :'( Aren't we in the 21st Century?
1	If you want to actually have a fun hotel experience in Vegas and not be charged for every little thing you do, DO NOT stay here. Here's why:Valet is $15 a day.WiFi is $10 a day.The pool closes at 6pm. WTF?Check out time is 10am.Ice machines are only on the 5th floor or the 50th floor. Pain in the ass for whenever you need to go get ice.For the same price or less, you could stay at another hotel on the strip without all of these ridiculous charges and rules.
4	This hotel is right behind Planet Hollywood and used to part of Planet Hollywood before Hilton took over. We chose to forgo the $15 valet and self parked but it was a pain because the garage was packed and the walk to the hotel took a good 7+minutes. The front desk workers were friendly and checked us in quickly. I got the 1 king bed suite. It was extremely spacious and modern. The bed was large and comfortable. Flat screen tvs in the living room, bed room and bathroom were pretty cool. There was a fantastic view of Vegas from the room. There was a small kitchen plus a hot tub! The wall insulation was perfect because we didn't hear any noise from our neighbors. The negatives are the $15 valet service, $10 wifi fee,check out time is 10am and they wouldn't give us a late checkout, but the most annoying thing were the thick, pillows that were extremely uncomfortable. It took me a long time both nights to get in a comfortable position. So bring your own pillows.Overall, I would stay here again because the rates are very cheap for the accommodations you get.
5	Seriously...The BEST value/location for a 1-bedroom SUITE in the whole of Vegas!My husband and I stayed here Mon-Fri one week in August when it was PH Towers and we were in the lap of luxury! If we could buy this place and live in it forever, we WOULD!  We loved it so much that we went home to SoCal for 2 days and then CAME BACK and stayed another week! SERIOUSLY! We couldn't get enough!This was the video that convinced us to book: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkOxdybme6gIt shows you everything you need to know about the greatness of this room.The things that make this suite stand out from others on the strip:1 - Jacuzzi tub IN EVERY SUITE!2 - Floor to ceiling windows in every room!3 - 12ft Projector TV option... uhh, hello?! My sport-loving hubs died over and over.4 - Full-size appliances! Microwave, dishwasher, blender, fridge, etc! So great!5 - L-shaped couch, dinning table and bar allow for amazing pre-party space!Seriously, I've been to Vegas so many times and each one, if I'm not here, I miss it!Semi-drawbacks:There isn't a pool party but there is sun and some music.There isn't a casino in the lobby but the PH Casino is steps away.There isn't smoking allowed but WHO EVEN SMOKES ANYMORE?! if you do, stop! lolI love this place. Book it if you can, make yourself a drank with the blender in your room and enjoy the short, air conditioned walk through the Mall to the hot, sticky chaos of the strip!
2	The husband and I stayed at the Elara last weekend based on yelp and hotels.com reviews. The price was good for a large room near the strip, so I booked it. PROS:1. Large, junior suite with a living room, kitchen, dishes, refrigerator, washing machine, jacuzzi bath, etc. 2. Non-smoking building - the clean clothes in my suitcase came home smelling like clean clothes, not cigarette smoke!! Woohoo!3. Close to PH, Cosmopolitan, Paris, Aria. (See Con below re: confusing walk)4. Good viewCONS:1. Valet parking is $15 for UNCOVERED parking which is unacceptable in the summer. We were going to valet for 2 nights, but after my car came back HOT, we decided to self-park in the FREE covered parking behind the hotel.2. Cell service is BAD. Wifi costs $10, but just using the 4G service is terrible. Sometimes only had 1 or 2 bars on the phone.3. Confusing walk from the Strip to the hotel. You have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops and some signs would help! 4. It took us 30 minutes to check-out! We decided to actually go to the desk and check-out to make sure we were only charged for one day of valet parking. As we were checking out, the hotel rep discovered a $300 hotel credit (NOT a charge) on our room. Apparently, an Elara employee gave a $300 room service credit to a band member with my husband's same last name and it ended up on our room.  But for some reason, it took the customer service rep 20 minutes to figure it out (he had to walk into the back), remove the credit, and print a receipt (there was no way we were walking away without a receipt). All our receipt should have had on it was the $15 valet fee. We booked the room pre-paid through hotels.com and didn't order any room service.  At some point, he should have just waived the $15 valet fee, printed out a $0 receipt and sent us on our way. Because of the 30 minutes, I probably will not stay at the hotel again.
4	I'm a business traveler, so I stay at A LOT of hotels.  I'll make this review short and sweet as it's aimed for business travelers (haven't yet stayed here for pleasure).Pros:-Free and plentiful parking with a garage attached to the hotel lobby entrance.  You should never need valet here.-Internet is free for HHonors Gold and Platinum and it really is speedy if you're on a lower floor (make sure to request a floor in the 20's).-The room rates are pretty cheap, and you'll get upgraded more times than not despite the hotel being a Grand Vacations location (e.g. they don't honor many of the benefits you'd normally get as Gold or Platinum).-It's usually QUIET at night.  This is huge for Vegas if you're here to work in the morning!Cons:-The bill is always a mess - making expense reports painful due to their line listings not taking into account the advance payment of ~$60 per night.  I've learned that their billing department will refund your bill and then re-charge it at the full price if you call them and make the request specifically.-Room service is expensive.  Think Manhattan rates.The wifi speeds are brutal at times, especially on higher floors.-Cell service is terrible on higher floors (Verizon).  No LTE above the 30th floor.-They have some fancy TV menu system that shows you the current weather, your bill, controls your room lights, etc.  Unfortunately, this system is extremely slow and it affects normal TV functionality like volume control and channel surfing.  For instance, you could hit the channel up button 10 times and get no response.  You can't even turn the TV off.  A minute later, the TV will go up several channels like it's possessed.Overall, if you're an HHonors loyal member, this is your best bet in Vegas.  Be sure to take advantage of the double points rates, when available.
4	I stayed at the Elara last weekend and really enjoyed the property and would definitely recommend it. There were just a few items that could be improved, but nothing that would keep me from not staying there again, like I said, I really did like the property and the location.  I am not a smoker and hope I don't offend any of you that are, and Elara is a complete smoke free facility (which is a nice comfort when you are in Vegas where anyone can smoke almost anywhere). Anyway, the designated smoke location is right outside the door on your way to the parking garage, so as soon as you open the door to leave the Elara you pass through a smoke cloud (depending on how many people are out there).  Another annoyance is that every time you go to the elevators to go up to your room, you have to give your key to a security guard, they put it in a reader to verify you are a tenant, then will let you enter the elevator bank to go up to your room. I certainly appreciate the need for security, but there can be long lines and it is really something I don't care for (just like you have to show your receipt at Costco to leave the store). Perhaps having the card reader in the elevator that only allows you to push the button for your floor could be a solution. I think they may have had a rule that no more than one other guest per room key can enter. So your key can only get you and one other person to the elevator. But this isn't verified, just an observation. I didn't get a chance to use the pool but it looked very nice. It is on the same floor as the lobby, and with floor to glass windows everyone in the lobby and the mall, can see you sunbathing. Unlike a hotel, there is no restaurant on site, but they do have room service available during restricted hours during the week and 24 hours Friday and Saturday. You can walk into the mall and there are several options for food. Like I mentioned before, the hotel is in a great location, you can easily walk to Bellagio, MGM Grand, Aria, City Center, Cosmopolitan, Paris, Planet Hollywood of course, and I'm sure a couple others The staff was friendly and courteous, check-in was not a problem (they have a separate line for HHonors members). Our room was "freshened" every day by housekeeping with making the bed, fresh towels, replenish soaps/shampoos, etc. The room was large, bed very comfortable, great views, and a very comfortable, at-home relaxed feeling. Some of the furniture and doors where showing a little age with some nicks and scuffs, but nothing offensive. Express check-out did not work through the TV screen, so I had to go to the front desk to check out. There was a fairly long line of people arriving and checking in. Once of the associates came to the line to get names/room #s to check us out w/o having to wait to go to the front desk. That was nice and got us on the road home that much sooner. I'm looking forward to a return visit!
4	loved the location of the elara,the only minor complaint is that the self parking is not clearly marked (park on the 3rd floor of the planet hollywood garage and in the sw corner you can access the elara) check in was quick,rooom was just as pictured,liked the black out electic blinds,read some reviews that complained about the long walk to the strip but it's las vegas and all you do is walk and it wasn't really that long and you walking thru the miracle mile shops so it goes by quick.Pool was nice and not overly busy during the week the only drawback is they check your bag for outside beverages so your stuck paying for drinks at the pool...........i will stay here the next time i go back
5	My husband and I stayed at the Elara for 5 nights during our anniversary trip to Vegas. This hotel is amazing! We had a 1 bedroom suite and it was huge! And the full windows were amazing! My had a room on the 28th floor looking at the MGM. View was nice. At check in I asked for a higher room and Carlos was more than happy to help. Since I am a HHonors member checkin was speedly even for a Sliver member like me. We are like to get out early and come back for naps...and other things mid day and we always hit the clean room button. House keeping ALWAYS called to check when we pushed this button if we wanted it cleaned soon. House keeping was nice and professional. Security was even helpful and nice.After reading several different reviews I was a bit worried, but OMG it was the best place to stay in Vegas since its a smokefree hotel and doesn't have a casino. It is connected to the Miracle Mile so the strip is just minutes away and you are in the middle of all the best hotels and casinos.Overal A+++ we will definitely be staying here again!!
4	elara had reasonable prices compared to a lot of suites on the strip. when booking i  used expedia.com to get a better deal for our room! i came a bit late after the check-in time and was pretty disappointed with the parking lot structure view we had... i wanted to request a pool view but all of the rooms were already taken on that floor. the hotel isn't too far away from the strip. you can walk through the miracle mile shop and you can get to PH casino in less than 3 minutes. the rooms were decorated in a old hollywood theme and room service did a great job every morning. my favorite thing about the room was the button for the shades to either go up or down! i used it to wake up the guests in my room! the bathroom was a decent size it could have been bigger with more lighting. they had a macro pull out mirror and it helped me put on my make up easier.they need to have bubble soap for the jacuzzi they should have left some for us to use but we just used shampoo instead. one of the great things they had was the kitchenette in the room. they had silverware and plates/ cups available for use with a mini fridge and microwave! i would recommend this hotel for all ages! esp. if you are trying to save your $
2	Stayed here in March 2013. Maybe the remodel has things a bit confused. Hotel room was well decorated but it was not clean. There was a dirty wine glass in my room and another missing. The dirty wine glass had someone's lipstick on it. YUCK!! I also found a toenail in my bed. I called down about the glass and the employee called and said id have two new glasses ASAP. I mentioned the toenail and the rep said "wow, sorry that's so odd" Yeah..no kidding. That was all I got. I asked for feather pillows and I was told they didn't carry them. Fair enough, although odd for this kind of hotel. My last nights stay they came to replace my pillows with feather..hmm...Then there is the tub. It had jets, which I was looking forward to. What I wasn't expecting was that the jets were dirty as well. I turned them on and this green algae kept shooting out. After a few different tries to flush the stuff out I just gave up. Major let down. Upon speaking with the hotel staff at check out as well they did not really care. They just said "that's odd" and "I'm so sorry." I would have liked some compensation off of my hotel stay because it wasn't cheap, instead after writing a letter upon my return I got a response for a free upgrade if I stay there at a future date. Upgrade depending on the time of year etc special rules and restrictions apply. I have a year to use it, we'll see if I cash that in or just move on to a nicer more put together establishment.I've traveled a lot over the years, and I think this was probably the worst hotel stay of my life to date, and that includes the time I got my stuff stolen by employees.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at Elara. I always heard really good things about it back when it was PH Towers from friends that were regular guests. Now I know why they liked it so much. To me Elara has the best of both worlds. It can be a low key & semi-private Las Vegas hotel resort or if you walk a little ways through the Miracle Mile shops which connect the Elara to the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino, you get your standard Vegas experience. We stayed in a corner 2-bedroom 2 full bath suite on the 8th floor which overlooked the Elara pool. I loved the spaciousness of this suite. The kitchen was big, the living room was huge & the dining table easily sat 6-8 people. Of course, everyone knows about the drop down projector screen. It was great for watching the NBA games that weekend. It was WIDE.... I liked how we had pots, pans, utensils & dishes to cook our own breakfast in the morning. The fridge was spacious enough to hold all our groceries from Vons & Whole Foods for the weekend. The beds were comfortable. 40"+ LCD televisions in each room were pretty standard. Th pull-out sofa bed was room enough for two and the big sofa it came out of can probably sleep another 2 adults on it. The bathrooms were spacious. Double sinks in the master bath. Modern style & dark wood paneling... The showers were my favorite, especially the master bath shower. 2 big rain shower heads in a humongous space. Of course I would turn both on, having one cooler in the front & one warmer on your back. It was like a water massage.... no joke. Nice dark brown tile in the shower. Nice modern look. I really liked it... It also had this chaise lounge chair that faced the corner of the suite... all glass, tall windows that gave a 180 degree view of the strip & Harmon Ave. It was my favorite place to lounge & power nap. Never mind that it was tiger striped & orange on the side. It was the best chair!! I miss it! ha!Master bedroom had a jacuzzi tub right outside the bathroom area near the window. It also had a separate semi-private toilet area with a bidet. Yes, I used it.. haha. It had a decent sized walk-in closet that also housed the safe. The TV in that room was on an island that house the dresser drawers.Pool was great. More chill than your typical Vegas pool because PH guests are no longer allowed to crash. Fine by me... I can actually find a lounge chair and get in the water. Big fan of the Elara pool.Service was friendly. Our housekeeper wanted to wash our dirty dishes but we were more than capable of washing our own plates and pans. They really try to go that extra mile at the Elara... I also liked how strict the security was at Elara as far as access to the hotel guest elevators go. I appreciate that because I don't know about you but when I'm in my room and I'm trying to sleep, I don't wanna hear any unnecessary commotion out in the hallway. Granted our suite was all the way at the end of the hall.. but still. Some quite is appreciated in hectic Las Vegas.Valet is $15 a day. I wasn't a fan of that, so I valet'd our rental van at the Miracle Mile Shops valet. Not too many people valet there. Most go to PH valet so it's kind of like an unknown thing. All you need to do is tip... Car is brought to you in less than 1 minute. That's huge for me... They are open 24 hours Thurs-Sat, I believe... otherwise they open at 10am after closing at midnight. Don't quote me but I think that's pretty close. Signs are posted so I would double check.
2	Small room and can hear street noise from the 21st floor. No Casino so better off staying at Planet Hollywood.
5	Upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite? Why yes, I'll take it.Walked in to find a full size fridge, microwave/oven combo, a giant L couch that looks like it could seat Shaq's entire entourage, an 8 foot projector screen, floor to ceiling windows...and did I mention the hot tub IN....not next to...but IN the bedroom? Or the washer/dryer in the bathroom?If I have a washer/dryer available in my hotel room, I'm sure as heck going to use it. Even if it's only to revitalize a couple of socks.They only cons -- they're not so great about cleaning things thoroughly, because we found a "free" jacket left in the closet from the previous guests. Maybe someone staying after us will get cold and snag it.
5	I loved my stay at Elara! We had the two bedroom suite with a nice view of the Strip.  The workers there are very nice, you are always greeted in the morning, afternoon, and evening. Everything was amazing and the service was great. I truly recommend this hotel to stay in as it has the Miracle Mile Shop close by. The Elara is a good place because of how close it is to the strip and everything else around it.
5	I LOVE the Elara! When my bf and his friends came here for a bachelor party, somehow it didn't sound as cool as it really was. When we came here for Superbowl weekend, it turned out to be one of the best Vegas-decisions we've made (haha). We were able to check in early and get the suite across from our friends. I love that there is security that checks for keys before you're allowed up into the suites, but it was hard to keep bringing people up for the game. Nevertheless, it all worked out and we had a blast. I would love to stay here again. The price is quite reasonable and much cheaper than the Venetian. Since it's inside the Planet Hollywood, you're a stones throw away from the City Center and some of the other bigger hotels. I really like the location.+ living room+ surround sound+ TV projector screen that comes down and covers the windows+ kitchen+ large spacious bathroom+/- jacuzzi in the bedroom (questionable haha)+ large comfortable beds (I think the living room has a pull out queen but we didnt need it)+ great prices
5	What a great secret here in Vegas, not many of these great secrets left. Beautiful lobby it's connected with PH and miracle mile shops. The room is spectacular and the views well let me say this Its unmatched!
5	I love this hotel. Right off the strip if you walk through Planet Hollywood. The pricing for the rooms are pretty reasonable and the rooms are a complete home away from home. Its packed full of utensils, cooking equipment, appliances, etc. I'll definitely stay here again.
5	My husband took me here for my 30th birthday, and it was phenomenal. We stayed in a 1-bedroom suite, and seriously felt like rock stars! The entire staff went out of their way to make sure our stay was perfect. They gave me chocolates for my birthday when we checked in (so sweet...literally), allowed us a VERY early check in, and upgraded us to a strip-view high-level room. I was a little skeptical about the whole "no casino" thing, but it ended up working out great. The entrance to the hotel is right off the Miracle Mile, which leads to the Planet Hollywood casino.Overall, I would highly recommend Elara for anyone. It offers the perfect balance between luxury and budget. That, and I can't imagine a nicer staff anywhere on the strip. Tip: The 1-bedroom suite can sleep 4 VERY comfortably! Since the bathroom has entrances off the bedroom and the living room, it offers adequate privacy if you're staying with 2 couples. That feature, plus the nice sized kitchen makes it an awesome room for 2 couples traveling together.
4	Okay, so you know how the major hotels were adding fancy tower additions to their resorts such as the Palazzo Hotel for the Venetian and THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay?  Basically a nicer version of that same hotel?  Well, The Elara was that fancy addition to the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino.  I say "was" because it used to be called the Planet Hollywood Towers but has since been rebranded and is now managed by Hilton, dubbed the "Elara - a Hilton Grand Vacations Resort."  But other than the name change, everything else remained the same.  The rooms, lobby and art decorations are all reminiscent of the old Hollywood charm that inspired the Planet Hollywood Resort.  This hotel has a great location and is situated right in the middle of the strip (across from the Cosmopolitan).  It's connected to the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino via the Miracle Mile Shops and has it's own private entrance.  Parking is $15/day.  The lobby is beautiful and smoke free.  Because it's a non gaming hotel, there are no slots or tables located on the main floor.  Less people milling around means less smoke in the air.  Kinda nice.  You have to walk over to Planet Hollywood if you want to throw your money away.   The rooms are huge with floor to ceiling windows, a kitchenette area including microwave, mini fridge, plates, silverware and coffee maker.  The bathrooms are decent size with Jacuzzi tubs and separate toilet area.  Just imagine a nicer Planet Hollywood room.  It's not amazing by any means but it's definitely nice for a mid-tier hotel.  Now this is not a party hotel so don't stay here if you're looking to go full on rage mode.  The walls are thin and you will be shut down by security.  You have to treat this like a hotel that happens to be in Vegas, not a Vegas hotel.  You know what I mean?That being said, the staff were all wonderful.  On one night, we went out drinking and came back in not so good shape.  One of the girls in our group was puking on herself and was just an overall hot mess.  As soon as we got her out of the cab, security immediately came down and put her in a wheelchair.  They whisked us up to our rooms via a service elevator and helped us get to our rooms.  We didn't have to deal with the general public and wait in normal elevators.  It was a nice touch and was much appreciated.  Famous last words. . . "I never get drunk. . . " Sure sweetheart.   So the lesson of the day. . . leave the women at home. Lol. Just kidding. I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely come back.
4	This is a very nice hotel located very close to the strip. There is no casino on this property which I prefer because it is not smoky and there aren't people just wandering around. The property is 56 floors tall with 2 separate elevators. There is a bank of elevators that travel between the Lobby (2nd floor) - 27th floor; and a bank that travel between the 28th floor - 56th floor. If you can get a floor on a higher floor you will appreciate the view. I stayed here twice in a week. One was for pleasure and then a few days later for business. I got a 1 bedroom suite both times. The first was on the 30th floor. When I came to check in for the business trip, I was lied to at the front desk. The man there told me they only had 1 bedroom suites available on the 7th floor. I know he lied because he situated a coworker of mine on the 35th floor with the same room type. Note: I have my HHonors MyWay preferences to be a higher floor; away from elevator. They did not honor that when I checked in, but I digress.Parking is free if you park yourself. The parking lot is shared with the Miracle Mile shops, a very busy, very congested mall. Keep in mind there is no reserved parking for hotel guests. You have to sometimes drive around for a very long time to find a spot during peak hours. I find that to be very annoying. They do offer valet for $15 a day which is a big bargain if you consider how much valet is in any other city. The rooms are very nice. This particular review is for the 1 Bedroom Suite. As soon as you walk in you are greeted with an 8-foot projector screen that opens as soon as you get in the room, showing you a (hopefully) nice view. My first stay I could see Paris, the Bellagio fountains, Trump, Wynn etc. The second time, when I was put on the 7th floor, I open my window to see what look like dumpsters and also the Carriage House across the street. I am not impressed with this view. There is a nice red "L" couch, a dining table with 4 chairs, a full size double door refrigerator all in the main room. The bedroom and bathroom are well equipped as well. In total, there are three 42" TV's, 1 15" TV in the bathroom, and an 8-foot projector in the suite. There is no restaurant in the hotel. But there is a lobby bar, and also a pool area with food. There is room service offered that goes from about 6am-10pm. Keep in mind the service charge and gratuity are already on your bill if you order room service. I would stay here again, assuming the same guy doesn't blatantly lie to me about what rooms are available, especially considering how much I spend yearly at Hilton properties across the country (HHonors Diamond).
4	Still one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. I have said it before and I'll say it again... it's good for big groups and even smaller groups who want and need space. The suites are spacious, even the JR suite that we had last weekend had enough room for the 6 of us... even though we would prefer more room, it worked out in the end. Definitely would consider this location for a 2-3 bedroom for a bigger party in the near future.
4	My partner and I stayed at this property as part of our first getaway together!!!  When we first pulled up to the property, we were a little taken aback with how much of trek it was to get from the underground parking structure to the Westgate Planet Hollywood Towers (before the name change).  We were very impressed with the grandeur of the lobby and the ease of check-in.  I'm not sure if this still applies but, we had to agree to not smoke in the room also or risk being charged a $200 clean-up charge.  We were on or around the 25th floor (the building is 52 stories) and the views were fantastic.  The room was nicely appointed and there was nice surfaces throughout.  The bathroom was a little small for our tastes.  The plus was that the toilet was hidden behind a pocket door.  There was a fridge and microwave in the room which came in handy for leftovers/drinks in the room. When there was an issue with our next door neighbors getting a little rowdy, I called down to the front desk and these "ne'er-do-wells" were immediately removed from the property.  (NOTE: This was not my fault...I overheard them admit to "overindulgence" in funny cigarettes...there was a non-smoking policy, remember?  LOL)I stay overall was very enjoyable, however, I was annoyed by the exorbitant cost of the internet in the room.  If you want a property, a little off the beaten track but, right in the middle of everything...this is definitely your place.
4	So our first time in vegas and finding a hotel to stay at was harder than I thought! Finally found a Elara and settled for this hotel! Great experience by the way! Nice, clean and up to date hotel! We stayed in their one bedroom suite which we didn't mind being that there was 4 of us we jst took turns who slept in the room and well the sofa was a sofa-bed (not too comfortable) but shoot we didn't care we were in VEGAS..Helloooooo! lol We jst needed a place to sleep, shower and get ready! The Location is Fabulous and yes I would stay here again just next time I would make sure we actually get a suite/room on a high floor with a good view! Our view sucked and tried to have the front desk change us to a better floor but their occupancy was ridiculously over-booked. That's the only reason for my 4 star review and not 5! It wasn't too pleasant looking outside straight to a garage parking lot! lol Staff was friendly and extra helpful on our last day. (Our friend had a crazy night and ended up rolling out of the hotel in a wheelchair) hahaha. Anywho this is a great hotel if ur looking for center strip location, clean, and good pricing!
5	I've stayed in almost every hotel in Vegas. Hands down for the price this was the best. We got the 1 bedroom suite and I highly recommend it.The attention to detail in the bathroom, bedroom and kitchen is incredible. This is at par with some of the nicest condos in the city. The jacuzzi is great, water pressure is phenomenal (important).Room service was quick, the food was good. Make sure to go and buy groceries and make full use of the kitchen.The property is very clean and well secured.The only drawback is the pool closing at 8pm and lack of an iPhone charging alarm clock. The Projector is very good, giving you a TV that is 8ft by 12 ft. or roll it up and look across the city view.I'm coming back in August, November and January (CES). It will be hard not to book the room.Kids loved it too.Good Job Hilton.
2	Well first the rooms are great and can't go wrong with the view on either side. I was a bit worried about the service aspect of this place based on a lot of below posts and they turned out to be true.Housekeeping is a complete disaster was there for 5 nights in a 1 bedroom suite and we only got fresh towels once. Called down numerous times the first 2 days and then we just went to the pool and stole some towels from there.The projector TV didn't work called down numerous times about that....no one ever came up.Ordered room service for breakfast one mourning after 90 minutes we called down again and they didn't have our order.Long story short....Rooms greatView greatLocation greatService absolutely terrible.
1	Just got back from Vegas a week ago and of course had a great time. One of the worst parts of the entire stay was this hotel. The service is horrible. I mean truly disastrous. The rooms are small and cramped and the front desk are rude. The whole experience happened as follows. we got back from a pool party and it was 120 plus all we wanted to do was take a nap before partying again. My friend has his name under the room and i happened to misplace my room key. I asked the front desk to let me in as my friend was tough to get a hold of and they said there was nothing the could do. i verified all the info along with the blueprint of the room with the luggage inside and they still wouldn't budge. On top of that security came in and asked us to wait outside in the heat until my friend comes in. This is a piece if Sh#* hotel and the located sucks. i rather stay at Circus Circus. Absolutely no customer service at all. They don't even have a Casino, you have to use Planet Hollywood's casino. DO  NOT SPEND A DIME FOR THIS WHACK, EXCUSE FOR A HOTEL!!!!
4	My family and I stayed here in a two bedroom suite. It was amazing! The jetted tub, the screen tv, the washer/dryer, kitchen and the great shower. The only thing I would have changed was the the valet only parking and the distance we had to lug all of our bags to and from our room. Overall our stay was five star accommodations. My whole family loved it. We will come back.
5	My family owns a timeshare in this tower. I absolutely love this hotel. From the moment you get in the building, or the door guy greets you, all the way to settling into your room/suite, the experience ends up great, but you might have to jump through some hoops in order to be fully happy.If you are there as a regular customer, not a time-share owner, then you will have no problems at all, and everything will be perfect. For time-share owners, you might have some problems as the ownership of the tower went from Westgate to Hilton, causing issues almost always when it comes to reservations. Make sure you have all the needed info, as their systems are not well linked, so you will have issues. They will solve it and life will be great, but you will see issues.The suites in general, are great. Super modern, classy, fun, and comfortable. Best feature probably goes to the window blind or curtain or whatever you wanna call it, and the projector then shooting at a massive screen.Beds are nice and the kitchen, bathroom, hottub, living room are all amazing experiences.The pool is nice, and you are at the heart of the strip as you exit the hotel to the Miracle Mile...! its perfect.
3	In summary: It's an okay place to stay. Better than most, worse than a few, and overall a 6/10. I might stay here again in a year or two, to see the progress.Want more details? Okay!I'm a HHonors Diamond member. I travel frequently, and have found myself in quite a few Hilton family properties. Elara is a Grand Vacations Club property. For me, a time share isn't likely to be in my future, and so I stay as a hotel guest. The rate was pretty good at below $90 per night for a nicely equipped studio. As a bonus, I don't recall at any time even being asked to learn more about "vacation ownership", which is a major plus.If you are a HHonors member, you might be a bit disappointed. This property was picked up to be part of the Hilton brand within the last couple years. My wife and I considered staying here last year, but the reviews here on Yelp made it clear that Elara wasn't quite up to the typical Hilton standards yet. Instead, we stayed at the HGVC location on the north end of the strip and found that to be pleasant even though you'll need to drive everywhere. This year, we picked Elara. Well, it's still not through the transition. The only perks you will get for being a loyal HHonors member is two bottles of water and free WiFi, no breakfast and certainly no room upgrade. It's a minor nitpick, but the two free bottles of water you get are 12oz, not the typical 16oz variety, which seems like a silly way to be saving a nickel. There is no on-site restaurant, just a Starbucks, in-room dining, and some selection of food from the pool bar. The WiFi is using a different system than other Hilton properties, and there is no WiFi in the pool area. There is a complex electronics system in the room, but the controls on the TV are painfully slow (just watch some TV, and it's okay, but some "HD" channels are displayed smaller than full screen). Security is everywhere, especially in the evenings (which is both a good and bad sign). I know the management is carefully monitoring Yelp (hey, guys!) for concerns, and they are trying to make things better. So Elara will probably make it through this transition successfully within the next year or so.The room was generally well kept. The housekeeping services were on top of most things. The red leather couch seems a bit odd, and I trust it gets sprayed down with disinfectant between guests. The bed itself was very comfortable. The windows offer generous views, with a shading system that nicely darkens the room if you need to sleep in until noon the next day. The bathroom sink was continually slow because the plug wouldn't lift (we asked for this to be corrected, and found it got worse later that day). If you really take a close look in the room, you'll find several "little" issues like unpatched screw holes behind furniture or missing trim pieces on the appliances. We did see a team working to paint rooms, so the management is clearly aware that these rooms need some TLC.In terms of guests, there is a bit of conflict going on. There are owners of timeshares under the prior owners. There are HGVC owners under the current ownership. There are some older guests, but typically they seem to be international travelers with kids and grand kids. There is a clear "party" vibe with much of the 20's crowd. There are parents staying with their kids of all ages. And then I suspect there are some like my wife and me, who are traveling without little ones. The building is so big that it sort of must cater to all types to stay in operation; however, it also means that conflicts between these groups likely causes a significant number of complaints regarding noise from nearby rooms. I would encourage the staff to try and separate and group different desires by floor or sections at check-in. If we had our kids with us, being located near other families with kids could be valuable. The folks that want to party would likely enjoy being near other partiers, although this might increase maintenance costs for these rooms (but security could also focus more energy here, too). So, maybe present "vibe" options to guests at check in to see which area they most desire during their stay.As for location, it's rather nice. We could walk most places on the strip within a few minutes, but we also found that driving over to other casinos was worthwhile as the outside temps were high, crowds were forming at choke points, and parking is free everywhere. Parking at Elara costs $15/day for valet, or you can self-park for free within the Miracle Mile garage. I recommend self-parking. Another annoyance: the garage gets packed on the weekends with hotel guests, and there are not enough handicapped spaces. This is doubly true for the area on the 3rd floor of the garage that offers convenient access to Elara--there are exactly zero handicapped spaces there, even though it has access to Elara, the Saxe Theater, and Miracle Mile shops. So, if you have a significant disability, the cost of valet may be warranted.
5	The Hilton Timeshare is the best during a Mayweather fight, I stayed here May 4th for the fight and I plan on staying here again in September for an upcoming fight. Being able to use my timeshare during special events in Las Vegas saves me a lot of $$$$.This place is just great.
1	Sleazy, Ponzi-scheme, timeshare fraud.  My bf is on the phone with them right now trying to get his money back because, naturally, they spring that b.s. timeshare tour on you after you pay, but before you book, and they blacked out the weekend we need to go (January 18-19, 2014). This is a multi-sport tournament weekend when 7, 000 athletes from around the world come to Vegas to compete and have fun. Aren't these damn timeshare gimmicks illegal by now?  Also, my bf is a Hilton Honors member. I'm floored that they're treating him like this. Btw, he's still on the phone with them. I've written this review while he's been on the phone with them. Ya know...if it sounds too good to be true...it probably is. Do NOT be lured into this farce.
3	My stay here was a short one on 7/2/13-7/4/13. Wish Yelp would allow 1/2 stars, because this would be a 3 1/2 star review. Started out after our short flight in from San Diego. Arrived at hotel shortly after 10pm. Only 1 person working this massive counter checking people in. He kept looking up to apologize for the delay to everyone in line. Finally, on our way to our 1 bedroom suite on the 24th floor. Security checking room cards is nice, and they're always friendly. We left our things in the room and immediately turned around to get some food. By the time we got back, we just wanted to crash after a long day. No big deal if you were staying in the master bedroom but what about the person staying on the sofa bed? There were no sheets, no blankets, no pillows.  Reservation was made for 3 people, with all 3 names on the reservation. I wasn't hiding anything from them. So why wasn't the room ready for that 3rd person? Simple phone call to the front desk should fix that, right? 15 minutes later, after hearing the same message "we'll be right with you", I finally decided to head down to the lobby. Still only 1 person working the desk. I went up and explained to her we had 3 people but no way to comfortably accommodate the 3rd person, she said she would promptly send up house keeping. 20 minutes later, a guy shows up with sheets and blankets, but no pillow. It was way late and we just wanted sleep so instead of waiting possibly another 20 we just stole a pillow from the master bedroom. Pool closing at 8 is a joke. Come on Hilton, expand your hours. Loved the amount of TVs in the room, although 1 didn't work at all and the projector tv, which is what I was most excited about, would turn on, was super difficult to change the channel, and didn't have sound. Overall very nice hotel, nice room and friendly staff, although they are possibly understaffed. Maybe because of the week I decided to stay here, it was busier than normal. Ultimately though, I would give this place another shot.
5	We got the one-bedroom suite. It was very spacious. You can fit a lot of people in the living room if you want to cut down on costs. The full kitchen is useful, especially the microwave. The projector on the black-out window shade is awesome. I just wished there was a DVD/Bluray player connected. Bathroom and shower is nice. Service was good. The security checking for room cards at the elevators 24-hours was a bit inconvenient. Maybe having it 10:00pm til 6:00am or something would be better. If you're carrying a bunch of things in your hand, it's a pain to pull out your card.The walk to the building from the strip is kind of far, but at least you're inside the mallI would definitely stay here again with a big group
4	This was my third stay in this hotel. The first since it became Elara. It looks like the check in process has gotten much better. I never had any problems before, but often noticed on my way back to the room that at certain times, there would always be a huge line at the front desk (which has been remodeled since my last stay).The rooms are nice, spacious, and loaded with amenities, but poor workmanship and low quality cabinets, fixtures, and other assorted building materials have aged at least some the rooms prematurely. More than just normal wear and tear. There were at least a couple things falling apart in each of the rooms that I have stayed in.As others have mentioned, the housekeeping is a joke. On one visit, there was a small piece of paper on the floor for my entire four night stay that had obviously never had a vacuum run over it. Most of the silverware and drinking glasses were missing and the two empty glasses in the sink never got washed. This was consistent with all three of my stays. The beds were made and the towels were replaced though, so I know someone had been there each day. On this last trip, we called to get an extra blanket and pillow, but that request went unanswered.It would be nice if they offered some one bedroom suites with two queen beds instead of the one king, but overall, the king suite is in my opinion the best bang for your buck on the strip when you consider things like location and convenience. Being centered on the strip considerably reduces cab fare, there are great restaurants for any budget and a lot to do and see in and around Planet Hollywood. You can also save a small fortune if you actually use the kitchen. The two ABC stores in the miracle mile are nice for some small groceries and you can buy booze much cheaper than at the gift shop. A bottle of Grey Goose was $47 at ABC, or $75 in the gift shop. Liquor stores are harder to find than you might think in LV. There IS one on Harmon and Koval which isn't too far from this place, but it's still a hike, or about a $15 round trip cab fare and they're no cheaper than the ABC store anyway.
4	The Good: Book a suite early to snag an amazing deal for a Bachelor/Bachelorette Party. We booked a 4 bed for $720 a night after taxes. It was absolutely enormous and could have slept 14 (8 in actual beds).The Bad: The sofa pullouts aren't terrible but it would nice if you could rent nice roll-always.The Good: The Porters were prompt, unloaded a ton of stuff from my car and were friendly. Be sure to tip well.The Bad: Our room had a narrow vent that is open to the outside hot air. It wouldn't close, and both my friend and I woke up with no voice in the morning. The Good: The rooms have a kitchen with stove, dishwasher and full size fridge with ice maker... though strangely no liquid dish soap.The Bad: Valet is $15 per day or you can hike to the mall self parking. I opted for valet. The Good: The pool area is nice, not huge but nice. And you can order food/drinks. The cabanas only require a $250 food/beverage minimum+ tax/gratuity, and include Voss water and misters. They have no fee to rent them, so if you have at least 5 people it's a real bargain for a hot summer day. The Bad: Hilton has TERRIBLE customer service on the phone and a 72 hr cancellation policy. 4 reservations in total and I must have spent 2 hours on the phone.The Good: The hotel recently put in a Starbucks
4	One of my favorite Hotels in Vegas due to it's non Casino environment and really good deals to be had, especially for AAA members !Also I spend quiet a bit of time on the road so the washer/dryer in the room is really convenient to quickly do some of your own laundry overnight.As a Hilton HHonors Diamond I have received some nice upgrades which is definitely on the plus side. On of the things I do like about the hotel is that the ways are very short. Check-In to your room, Room to the Mall, Room to Pool etc. I hate the hikes you sometimes have to do at other hotels and here this is reasonably solved.If you opt for the self parking the distance is also still reasonable if you find parking on the right deck.The location is quasi unbeatable, you can stock up your fridge at the large CVS (or was it Walgreens?) Store and avoid having to go down to the mall restaurants all the time. For fine dining you can go across the street to the Bellagio where you find great restaurants a plenty.Definitely recommended!
4	I've become one of those Yelpers that would review places she's stayed for business. Came here before when it was Westgate for a weekend Vegas trip and now since it's a Hilton property, it's my go to place for lodging when I'm in town for work and when the Four Seasons too expensive that week. For less than $100 per night, I get a studio room with a kitchenette (perfect for dinner leftovers transformed into easy breakfast). On a good week, my studio can be upgraded to a one bedroom suite. (Score!)Elara still has the same decor as its predecessor Planet Hollywood Westgate but has tighter security at the elevators--you must have a room key to be allowed through. I find their showerhead a little weak but am appeased with the TV in the bathroom--the only way I catch up on Charmed reruns.Will be back here again in a week for my last business trip, so going to make the most of it then. Play nice with the front desk and they may return the favor with a slightly nice view of the strip.
1	Crap. Utter crap. I am a diamond level member and spend tons of times in Hilton all over the world. Items were missing or broken in the room, the internet was intermittent the entire time even after changing rooms, when requesting the items that were msising from rooms ( ironing boards / hangars) we waited hour+ and it never arrived. Room service was sub was any normal hilton would offer. the location wasnt awful, but there are hardly any cabs there and its quite an awkard back and forth walk to get one. you can do better easily, Hilton is a good chain, this place is not.
5	So I decided to stop by Vegas before my conference in Long Beach, CA and I happened to offered a really cheap rate at this to attend a timeshare thing.  Yes, I know...timeshare...oh well, I was by myself and company paid for most of my flight, so I was all good anyways.  As for the hotel itself? Absolutely stunning. I got a junior suite, which had it's own little kitchnette, a nice bathroom, and full-window blackout blinds that were remote controlled from the tv!  The location is fantastic as it is right on the Strip and connected to Planet Hollywood.  So even though there is no restaurant in the hotel itself, you can just walk downstairs and walk around the shopping mall (Miracle Mile) to see what's there.  The pool is nice too, but it's busy, but hey it's Vegas baby! So sleep, eat, swim, gamble, eat, shop, sleep, gamble all in the same building!  Of course it's Vegas, so obviously you will go outside!Still Awesome!P.S. I didn't like the timeshare thing, but that's not really part of the hotel, so I won't hold it against them.
4	I stayed at the Elara hotel for 3 days 2 nights. Checking in was easy mode, I barely waited in line because I'm a Hilton Honors Member. I received my room keys and headed up the elevator... Upon entering my "upgraded room" the window shutters lifted up and I could see the mediocre view of Planet Hollywood hotel rooms and the Paris. As I walked up to the window I never got the feel of 'the world is mine' (Scarface).  The king size bed was big with many fluffy pillows but it didn't matter because I slept forever alone on it since my girl is back in the SA. The bathroom is a good size. The lighting from within the bathroom was so perfect that I was able to take shirtless pics of my Spartan chiseled abs in the mirror. Next to the toilet was a phone which I could use in case I got too obliterated off moscato and had to call my brosive Milkshake. Luckily it didn't happen. There were so many towels in the bathroom that I used them all to make a rope which I would tie it along the red couch leading the rope out the window in case of an emergency.  At first I couldn't find the clothes ironer. I was about to cancel my mini Vegas vacation if there wasn't a clothes ironer. Then my brosive Milkshake came to visit and he found it hidden on the other side of the Chronicles of Narnia mirror closet. Amazing.  There is unlimited supply of coffee packets that you can order from room service for free. Take advantage of it. It was a coffee shop in my room. Decaf coffee is for betas so don't drink that. I also ordered the $8 peanut butter and jelly sandwich which was bomb.com. It had the right amount of peanut butter and jelly on the most fluffiest bread ever with a side of grapes on a white plate.  The wifi is poverty for how much money you have to spend on it to use it each day. I thought since I'm a Hilton Honors Member I would get free wifi. I couldn't even see the perfect makeup to face ratio in 1080p on my girls face through Skype. I might as well use dial-up.  There's no complimentary water in the fridge. You might be a Hilton Honors Member but you'll have to go to the front desk to pick up your free water. It's not even Evian water so don't waste your time with their poverty poor people hotel water.  Other than that, I had a great time.
5	Excellent hotel right in the center of the strip. Great location with access to all of the nice casinos and shows. This was perfect for our family since it was smoke-free; can't stand cigarette smoke! I know I know.... Vegas and cigarette smoke! We go to Vegas to stuff our bellies and watch shows. Being inside of the Miracle Mile shops was a big plus since we can grab a quick bite to eat in the morning. Kind of funny but I love having an ABC store nearby; feel like I'm in Hawaii :-) The pool area was nice and safe for the kids. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. It was nice having a full kitchen, though we never used it, and a washer/dryer was a nice touch, which the wife used. The rooms are nice and quiet. The kids loved the 8 ft. projection screen. Definitely a good compromise for the family with its upscale amenities and being family friendly.The only negative (and it's small) is the parking. During peak hours, it's hard to find parking since the parking structure is shared with PH and the Miracle Mile. You can pay the $15 valet and not deal with the parking issue. I may just do that the next time.If you are there to gamble and go crazy, this hotel may not be for you. If you want a quiet vacation in Vegas with the family still have the luxury to "go crazy", it's a perfect place.  We usually stay at the Palazzo/Venetian but I think we found a new place to stay in Vegas!
4	Hotel was clean, Staff very polite. We stayed on like 32floor or something like that, good view. Good location to the strip too. I liked that it was attached to that mall, very convenient to find food. Decor was dated, could tell they hadn't switched it up from Planet hollywood, not sure if they are going to or not actually.The workout room was nice too. Couple of ellipticals and bikes, as well as some free weights and stability balls. We'd stay here again.
3	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights Thursday through Sunday.Stayed in a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite.The overall hotel room had a nice set up if you have a large group. There was 2 king size bed and 2 queen pull out couches. One of the pull out couches was in one of the room and the other was in the living room. The other bedroom has a jacuzzi hot tub in the room. Bathroom overall was okay. Nothing fancy or special. The hotel did have a HUGE projector screen so if you want to watch games or anything it's available. The set up of the kitchen is nice. There is a big rectangular table where you can eat and hang around and get drinks before you go out. There is also a full size fridge and freezer to store drinks and food. If you're on a budget and want to cook the whole trip the kitchen is loaded with pots, pans, utensils, plates and bowls.The room will fit 12 people comfortably. The price is okay, make sure to ask for AAA discount if you do have AAA. Must have hotel room key in order to go up the elevator.Check it was quick if you're a Hilton honors member. The service isn't as friendly as you think. For paying a premium for the rooms you would expect exceptional service.Check out time is 10:00AM instead of the usual 11:00AM. Didn't know this until I called the front desk to try to have a later check out time. I talked to a very rude lady named Kimberly and was told that I was already late and should be charged $80 for being 20 minutes late. I asked if i would be able to extend the check out time and she told me that being late already I would be able to check out at 12pm for $80 or be down in 10 minutes to avoid any charges. When i was checking out i notified the front desk about the rude service i received and they just replied that check out time is at 10:00AM and they can't do anything.Overall experience was okay. Nothing special. Can not bring any drinks to their pool.
3	Stayed here a couple of times. The rooms are pretty spacious. There is a kitchen with a large refrigerator, as well as plasma televisions in the living area and bedroom. It doesn't really have that Vegas hotel feel like some others on the strip, but it's a good choice if that really doesn't matter to you.
2	We got back from our trip to Vegas last night and I couldn't wait to get on Yelp and review this Hotel.We spent 2 nights at this Hotel. We had 2 separate rooms. My better half and I stayed in our own separate room, while the rest of the group of 8 or 9 stayed in a big 2 bedroom suit down the hall from us.There were a couple of things that I really liked about this Hotel, like the 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby, the convenient entrance to the mall, or the amazing service we got from the Valet guys. However, there were a few things that I really didn't care for, and are the reason why there is a chance we may not stay here again. (Also because we are Venetian people, but Labor Day weekend rates were crazy expensive lol).Our room was on the 9th floor and didn't really have a good view which is fine, we were on the side that faces the pool. The room was spacious and inviting, and the bed was actually really comfortable. I really liked the shower head too, I know, totally random thing to comment on. My only complaint was the cleanliness of the room. The bathroom was NOT in good condition... the wallpaper was completely covered in blackish/brownish stains (not a good color combination in a bathroom). It grossed me out to be honest.... (the room # is 906 if management is interested in fixing this issue for future guests). Also I killed a pretty crazy looking spider after the first night, right next to the bed which is making me wonder if the gigantic bite I have on my lower back is from that one spider, or another creature that got into the room at some point.All those things are fixable, no big deal... it is what it is.But what really brought down the rating on my review is the checkout time. After celebrating my boyfriend's birthday all night, we arrived at our room at 5:30 in the morning and decided to call for late checkout.  I was quickly informed that this Hotel does NOT offer late checkout and we need to be out of the room by 10.Considering we still had to pack, take showers, wake up.... we got 3 hours of sleep right before a 5+ hour drive back home. At 10:10 we had someone from the hotel ringing the doorbell asking us when we were leaving. Not cool Hilton.....not cool. No late checkout in Vegas is unacceptable. You don't go to Vegas with a bedtime of 10PM. And after reading a bunch of previous reviews that mention this issue, and reading the manager's response, I do understand that it is in fact a larger room therefore they need more time to clean it. But maybe they should consider the possibility of being understaffed and hire some more maintenance people to fix this problem.
5	This place is PERFECT! I used my Hilton points to stay one night and it was a great decision. They gave us their smaller room and it was still huge! It had great views and the decor was pretty good. And you can't beat the location! It's in the middle of the strip near EVERYTHING! This place is going to be my hotel of choice when I come to Vegas.
4	We stayed here over the Labor Day weekend and it was one of the best places we have stayed and we make it a point to stay at a different place each time we go. I really liked having the full kitchen, laundry, and plenty of space to not feel crammed in a little hotel room. No, there was not a casino downstairs but we were close enough to Planet Hollywood that we didn't really miss it too much. The Miracle Mile was attached and there was nothing else we needed - ABC Store and another little food mart. Walgreens was within a 5 minute walk. So close to everything!The bathroom was huge with the toilet having it's own designated space complete with door. There was a rainfall shower which actually gave you enough water to feel like you're taking a shower unlike other hotel rooms where the water pressure was horrible or the shower head would spit water at you. The bed was a little too soft for my liking but a great bed none the less. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I especially liked the security booth next to the elevators checking rooms keys - no active room key no entrance. 24 hr Starbucks right in the lobby, Yes! There is a pizza shop located within the mile that is open 24hrs. Expensive but worth it. Also the Earl of Sandwich is 24hrs and very good - try their Earl Club...delish!I would have given Elara 5 stars if the kitchen was stocked appropriately - no pots/pans though we had a stove. Only 2 coffee cups and two bowls. I recommend at least 4 of everything. And my view sucked - parking structure with Paris and Planet Hollywood from the corner of the window. Boo!Otherwise a great place to stay and I would come back for sure.
3	We stayed at this hotel over Labor Day weekend for 3 nights. The stars I'm giving will solely be for the room layout, as it was spacious and the convenience of all the appliances. We had stayed in a 2 KING BD 2-BDRM STE PREMIER-KITCHEN-SOFABED facing the pool, overlooking another large building which was being constructed. Not a great view.Check-in went smoothly and Michael at the front desk was friendly. Security was also great as they were very strict and stern about the policies, which made me feel safe. Staff in general was nice.I did not however appreciate that our room had a full cabinet of trash from the previous guest. I also think the room could have been cleaned a little better. The crevices between the night stand and the bed were awful. It was dusty and it didn't look like it had been cleaned for months. The linens/comforters also smelled a little weird & there were stains on it too.It was a great hotel but it definitely needs some TLC.
5	Love this place! Coming again in a month for anniversary. Staff was very nice and place was even more awesome.  Quiet place, means you get rest!
3	Sorry Elara, you lost starts for a few reasons. We came here to stay for the labor day weekend. We knew it would be busy so we planned out our arrival so it would be early. How is it possible that it was 4pm in the afternoon and the valet was full?? How? Anyways, I try to pull up and check in but couldn't get my car valet so I had my friends unload the car with all of our luggage and no one offered to help us. Additionally, no one would help give directions on where we could self care. Once I figured that out, it was a bit better. We checked it and got 2 rooms both of which were the same price, but the rooms were of different sizes. The room I stayed in was the size of a hallway, walking pass the bed to the window was kind of a squeeze opposed to the other rooms that was twice as big... no consistancy there. Anyways, we tried to go look for ice and we were on the 10th's floor... no ice maker... the closest one was on the 5th floor? Seriously?? On the second day staying there we went in the morning to go eat a buffet then we went to fremont street and came back thinking we could valet the car at the hotel this time... NOPE... the same sign was up... Valet Full? WTF... i was over it by then and decided that I'm not really a fan of a hotel that cannot accommodate their guest. But then again, the only reason we stayed here this stay was because it was recommended to us by a friend...
1	I have stayed at many 4+ star hotels through  3rd party websites. I have an upcoming reservation for the 4th - 6th of October. After the 3rd party booking I  call the hotel directly to pay separately for suites / upgrades / acommodations etc, and with each prior hotel have been greeted kindly and have been met with the ability to upgrade or make requests. With Elara, this is the first time I have been treated as though I dont belong at the hotel due to the 3rd party booking and also the first time that I was informed that they have no alternate options for 3rd party bookings. While the lack of options is not preferred it is the rude customer service that was most shocking. I will update my review either during or after my stay.The hiltons have a good reputation, so far I havent seen it and have lost a lot of excitement for this trip.
5	Absolutely amazing; beautifully elegant building architecture. Upon arriving, the hotel staff was polite and extremely professional. Check-in was a breeze and the rooms were well decorated and kept. Walking into the room, a few accent lights came on as the floor-to-ceiling window shade revealed an entire wall of glass.  I am an aviation enthusiast so when I saw the impeccable view of McCarten Airport, I fell in love with the room. Needless to say I will definitely recommend this Grand Vacations Hotel.
4	Planet Hollywood Towers one minute, Elara the next... I guess it really doesn't matter what you call it. This Hotel is awesome. Attached to the mall and right next to the Planet Hollywood Casino you can't go wrong. From the Warhol lined lobby to the voyeur style bar overlooking the pool this place does not disappoint. The room we stayed in was rock star status. Massive L shaped sofa surrounded by contemporary furnishings. This suite was equipped with a full kitchen, huge living room, modern bathroom and a Master bedroom with a Jacuzzi. You'll have great views of the Vegas out the floor to ceiling windows but with an added bonus. When you lower the power shades you can opt to watch your tv on a massive projection screen. Loved the kitchen, not that we cooked at all but the fridge came in handy for all the cold beverages. Location works out perfect also. You are close to plenty of restaurants, liquor stores, casinos, shows and anything else you can imagine.
4	Really surprised by this place. Very nice! Rooms are decorated nicely, beds are comfy, and spacious. Stayed in a Studio and there was plenty of room! Nice bathroom, nice pool. My one complaint would be the thin walls. We could hear our  neighbors talking all night then when we were still talking at 1am, neighbors pounded the wall to tell us to be quiet lol. The night before the 4th of July in Vegas and you're pounding on the wall to shoosh us? Lame! Food and drinks at the pool are expensive, and quite a few kids splashing around. I guess I prefer adult only in Vegas but what can you do? Food was good. Room Service menu is outrageously priced. The nice thing is, Elara is connected to the Miracle Mile Shops @ Planet Hollywood, quick walk (indoors, thank God, it's summer!) and there are 15 places to eat in the mall, plus several options on the strip, which is priced roughly the same if not less than room service prices. I would definitely stay here again. Park at the garage at Miracle Mile Shops. Leads right into Elara, otherwise Valet is $15 a night, your choice!Views aren't too bad either! Not much else to say, been a fun night/day, one night to go!
5	Love the rooms. Loved not having to walk through a smoky casino to get to my room. Great service! Room service was quick and ok. Bar served great drinks. Loved having Starbucks downstairs. Auto up n down window shades was cool too.
4	As a HGVCLUB owner I really loved this location in Vegas. Pros:The 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby. Which gives refills on tea for .50centsThe studio rooms give a great view of the strip at night. Easy access to city center by walking. Also being attached to the miracle mile shops makes it even better. Cons:Having to give your key to the elevator monitor to go up to your room. Seems a tad bit ridiculous. Parking can be a pain since it's attached to the miracle mile shops. Park on the far end of the 3rd floor to gain easier access to the hotel. Since I frequent Vegas this is definitely my new favorite.
3	one of the nicest view rooms ive stayed at nothing to go crazy over but liked how it was located right at the miricle mile shops
2	We had booked a 2 bedroom suite with a Jr. Suite attached about 8 months in advance for a 15 girl bachelorette party. Many girls were traveling in for this from around the world and we wanted it to be perfect. Upon arrival the Valet was a mess, no one directing you where to park and cars just sitting around. Seeing as though it was a few hours before check-in we went up to the front, checked our bags, and changed into our swimsuits to head to the pool. The pool was nice, clean and had a calm, relaxing vibe. As we waited for the other girls to arrive we asked about moving to a large circular daybed. They said no problem and that it was a $100 minimum and they would apply any previous drink purchases to the bed. That's only about 4 drinks so that was no problem with us at all. The cocktail waitress then comes back and explains that we have only spent $20 on drinks (we bought about 6 totaling over $100) and that we needed to speak to the bartender. After speaking to him, since we paid in cash about 30 min. prior, he said there was no way to prove it. Strike 2. Their weren't too many people at the pool for him to not remember and we weren't rude and tipped properly. As we sat at the pool for another hour or so our cocktail waitress forgot drinks, took about 30 min. getting water, the list goes on; they were understaffed.As 4 pm rolled around it was time to check into our room. Yay...not so much. The gentleman (which is a stretch) at the front desk explained he doesn't have that type of room setup available and that he would have to put us in rooms not by each other. You could imagine us being upset when the maid of honor booked the room so long ago. We ask to speak to a manager who comes out to tell us we will be upgraded to a 3 bedroom with a Jr. Suite, but the last room won't be ready until about 7pm. No problem, just as long as we have a place to get ready and enough space for all the girls. Upon arriving in our room we see it's not an upgrade at all, it's exactly what we paid for; a 2 bedroom suite with a Jr. suite attached. On top of that, we were then informed that the other room (which we paid for) wouldn't be ready until 8 pm. You could imagine our disappointment. They did offer to take $50 off the room...which we paid $2,000 for 2 days. Not really doing much for a room we paid for and isn't ready until 8 that night. The only highlights were the bell staff, who were very nice and helpful with getting us limos for all 15 girls and helping us with luggage. The hotel itself was clean and nice. The rooms did not have music hookups or any of that typical stuff you would see in vegas but it did have a kitchen and a great view of the strip from the 52nd floor. The other nice thing was the no resort fee policy, seeing as though most hotels change about $50 per night for this. Although, I would have been happy to pay that if they could hire some helpful, kind, customer service employees. With that said I will never stay here again as there are so many places in Vegas I have stayed that are much better with accommodations and costumer service.
4	Beautiful! Excellent location on the strip!
4	Our group of 4 stayed here one night on a west coast road trip.We got exactly what we booked - a King Suite with sofabed and washer/dryer.  Upon arrival, we received waters as HHonors members without needing to ask.  We were also upgraded to a higher floor for no additional fee.  The line for check in was non-existant and we were in the door and to our room in less than 5 minutes.The room was nice, spacious, and, since we were high up, had a good view.  The kitchen was reasonably well equipped -- we found pots and pans, plenty of dishes and silverware (at least 4 of each item) and detergent for washing dishes and laundry.   The room was clean but not as sparkling as I thought it would have been, although the bathroom was definitely cleaner than the kitchen.Parking isn't as terrible as people make it out to be, even with the self park.  Although, we are city people, so we are used to parking and then having to walk when we go places rather than have a front row spot!  The walk is through the air-conditioned mall.Also, having to show your key to the attendant before going up isn't as bad as everyone makes it seem either.  It's far better than having to mess with it in the elevator before pushing your floor, because those things never seem to work right.All in all I would stay here again.
4	Over the past 2 years, I've found myself staying at this hotel more often due to its location. The proximity to the Strip is great, but it is also easily accessible from the back road. And whenever I needed something because I forgot it at home, the Miracle Mile mall is right downstairs. Yup, gotta love the location of this hotel.That being said, it's a Hilton Grand Vacation hotel, so if you're a timeshare person, make sure you check this place out when in Vegas. You'll love it. But you don't have to be a timeshare person to get a room here. I'm not but I do love staying here. I normally stay in the one bedroom suite. The kitchen has everything you need to make meals. I fortunately hit up the grocery store for some alcohol and alcohol. The fridge is a full size fridge with lots of room for my alcohol. Oh and the dip for the chips. Oh and the fruit. Gotta have the fruit! Wait, I think that was lime, but you don't have to refrigerate that. There's all the utensils and plates you need, too. I love the dishwasher mainly because I don't have a dishwasher at home. Yup, the kitchen is pretty awesome.The bathroom is typical. Dual sinks, toilet in separate area, and the shower. The great thing is the hot tub which is actually in the bedroom. You can watch tv from the hot tub. There's also a tv in the bathroom too, but that's kind of distracting. Maybe if it was in the water closet then it would be cool, but then again you may end up staying on the toilet much longer than expected with the tv there.The greatest thing is the living room. While you can watch the regular tv, I find it much better when you drop down the screen on the window for projection tv! The whole window becomes a projection screen and you can watch gigantic tv! Totally awesome during football season!! I love it! The junky thing though, is that you can't hook up your phone or laptop to screen videos from you personal device. It just won't let you. They do that so you have to watch movies from the hotel. And if you even try to, it notifies the people downstairs. Kinda bummer when you wanna watch your vacation in gigantic time.I'm really hoping to stay here again soon. Right now it's one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. Now if they take away my favorite late night eat place, then that's a different story. And another review!
4	A Great place to stay, right at Planet Hollywood resort, without the resort fees and headaches usually associated with resorts.  Comfortable and clean, but try to get a room on the South side of the tower, this way you will not hear backup beepers all night long from the adjacent Miracle Mile Construction which seems to be never ending.  I would stay here again on the south side of the tower.
3	Pro's:  Hotel is decent.  Its location is in the middle of the strip.  No casino was a plus for me.  The pool outside is pretty good for tourist who want to get wasted and sunburned, but its nothing like the pool at Hard Rock.Cons:  This place is almost like a fake hilton.  You can't view the receipts online.  I've stayed here three times before for a week each. I've never received any miles.  The first time they lied and said it was because of egencia/travelocity corporate portal.  So last two times I stayed I went directly to their website.  I even got the room that had the upgrade on miles and it still showed nothing. I called the hotel and they said they don't have "access" to their records because the grand vacation is a different part of Hilton etc.   It's not the end of the world, but its annoying.  A few months later the points showed up.  I asked them to mail me a receipt for work and they never did that too.  I stayed there 3 times, I think that was my last time unless there is a super special on room rates.
3	A nice place to stay if you don't like a casino in your hotel! Its location is central and attached to the Miracle Mile of Shops and Plant Hollywood. Starbucks is in the lobby, but more expensive, like all that are in a hotel. Valet is offered for $15, but self parking is easy. We had a junior suite on the 17th floor. No great view, but with so much to do in Vegas sitting by the window to look outside isn't high on my list! Bedroom is separate from the living room (has a sofa bed) which is nice and both rooms have a tv! Bathroom was spacious with dual sinks and a small tv on the wall. Check-in is at 4pm, but we arrived early. Thankfully our room was ready and we could drop off our luggage and head out! Before you head up the elevator, you need to scan your room card or have the person manning it scan your card. There's only 2, so there is potential for queuing, but didn't happen. A BIG minus, we didn't get our Hilton points because we booked through booking.com... what?!?! That's messed up!!! A booking is a booking and we are Hilton Honors members. So, if you want your points, better check with them! Would stay here again ONLY if they do the right thing and give Hilton points no matter what site you book through.
4	no casino attached.  probably a good thing...
5	Really great hotel, BIG family size rooms with beautiful awesome location, the miracle mile shops are near the lobby!
4	I'm fairly mixed on the Elara.  The one bedroom suite dwarfs the size of my bay area apartment, and I love the in-room washer/dryer.  I'm a little confused by the zebra fabric divan, but hey, it's Vegas.  Loooove the channel-supported blackout curtains.  I haven't slept that long or that well in months.Nothing in the way of restaurants or casino...but it's a nice place to stay, and a very short indoor walk to PH. Overall?  Depends on the type of experience you're looking for.  If you want to be in the thick of things, this is probably not the place.  If you want to be able to engage or disengage from the strip, at your choosing, it's a good balance.
5	This review is only based on the Hilton Ownership Promotional Deal. Basically, we have a deal for 3 days 2 night for the previous Veteran Day weekend for a total of $100.The room is extremely spacious with 4 TVs and 1 projector (Hello hang-over/relax/awesome Sunday Football!). They also have full service kitchen (with fridge, microwave, stove, silverware, cups, glasses, coffee maker). Their bathroom is huge and there is a jacuzzi inside the room.The location of the hotel is ok, you basically have to walk through the Miracle Miles at the PH to get to the hotel from the Strip, which was a really long walk after the 4th long island iced tea. They have a Starbucks at the lobby, so that was nice.When I come to Vegas, I prefer to stay at a non-casino hotel because I cant stand the smoke and the noise, so this is a great choice after the Vdara.However, without the promotional deal, I might think twice about booking this hotel since I know they are not very budget-friendly.
4	HOTEL BASICS:*Formerly the PH towers*Connected to the miracle mile shops inside Planet Hollywood.  Access to restaurants, the casino, bars, Fat Tuesdays, and shopping steps just outside the hotel lobby (which includes a Starbucks) without going outside.*The Strip is not accessible from the hotel, you need to walk through the shops to get there, which can be a far walk if you're lazy or drunk.  But access to taxis are just downstairs from the lobby.*Show your room key to get access to hotel elevatorsTWO BEDROOM SUITE - PROS:+Included a full kitchen and living room, a master bedroom, a 2nd bedroom, and washer & dryer. +Living room had a large sectional which pulled into a queen size sofa bed. +TV and projector in living room+All windows in our rooms had floor to ceiling windows; shades controlled via TV remote or switch +Master bathroom had a private toilet and shower so people could still get ready in the bathroom while you were doing your business.+Master bathroom also had a jacuzzi with a TV+Rooms had outlets everywhereCONS:-No free WiFi!  $10 a day if you choose to buy it. Will definitely try to stay at this hotel next Vegas trip!
4	I just stayed here for the first time, and it was quite a very nice experience.  I booked a 1BR suite for about $130, and included a full kitchen, a full living space with a huge couch, and a BR which included a large jacuzzi tub which is designed to hold 2.  Their signature room feature is the window shade which doubles as a projection TV screen.  i would definitely consider staying here again for my next visit.Pros:- good location near the Strip (by walking through Miracle shops)- non smoking- very spacious accommodations for the price- 4 TV's in the suite!  we only ever used the projection screen though- the projection screen is awesome for watching a game- you do not have to be a timeshare owner to book hereCons:- the parking lot is a little confusing, but easy enough to figure out- 10am checkout which is too early for any hotel, but especially for Vegas- pool was out of order- projection screen TV not so great for watching non HD channels
5	Okay, let me start by saying I go to Vegas every few months, and have stayed  at several very nice resorts such as Venetian, Palazzo, Aria, etc. and this by far is my favorite. I booked a studio room and was graciously upgraded to a premium suite by the front desk manager. I was so impressed that the room resembled an apartment, literally. You have a full size fridge with ice/water, a stove top, a microwave, washer/dryer, and 5 tvs, just to name some things. There is a 24 hour starbucks located in the lobby, and you are probably a 5 minute walk to Planet Hollywood if you want to go gamble. I didn't necessarily want to cook while on vacation but I have to admit, I just might when I come back just because I can! Oh and not to mention the blender that you can make your own margaritas in! I honestly can not say enough good things about this hotel, I could go on and on! I had two rooms booked and we stayed on the 55th floor with an amazing view! For the price, trust me, book this hotel!
5	I paid 1000$ for 3 days for a suite, got there and was able to tip 100$ and upgrade to the penthouse suite.It's really nice and new. I would be down to come back here for my stay in vegas.
3	We were contacted by the Hilton Honors program for a special that they were offering. It sounded like a good deal, about $300 for a 3 night stay plus bonuses. We had our choice of several Hiltons in Vegas, and I chose this one because of it's location. Also, it looked newer. I don't like staying in dingy hotels. Here's what I liked:+ Starbucks open 24/7 in the lobby+ security guarded elevators+ jetted tub, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, etc+ relatively clean/newYah, that list looks rather short. Hilton recently purchased this hotel and is still renovating. We went on a timeshare tour and saw the remodeled rooms which look nicer. What we didn't like:- Wifi is $10/day/device- the unrenovated bathrooms are weird and old- pool was unusable while we were there- the bar was a jokeThis place has a lot of potential and they are still working on it. I do like that it's connected to the Miracle Mile shops and easy access to the Strip. It wasn't a memorable stay at this hotel. Although this was the first time we went on a timeshare tour, they weren't overly pushy and they kept it professional.
2	Service was great as all HGV staff are always helpful and friendly even at 4am.  But...The dis-heartening part came when we found previous guests shorts in the washer/dryer combo - called to notify the front desk and they sent housekeeping to come retrieve the item.  Quick & efficient yes and very apologetic especially at 4am - but we felt like the room was dirty the rest of our trip.  I didn't stamp my feet and tell them "Eeeeew!  Gross!"  But maybe I should have.Then we realized that the bathroom was not fully stocked.  Short on towels, short on toilet paper.  Silly yes?  No - every HGV we have stayed at has always been fully stocked to where we usually never bother with house-keeping staff until almost the end of our stay.  Mind you our trips are usually 4-5 days too.  Oh Elara HGV please invest in better quality toilet paper - are you seriously buying your stock from Costco?  Can I tell you that the washer/dryer unit made our clothes smell?  Yes we used the appropriate detergent.  I think future stays we'll be making sure the suite's appliance has the separate washer & dryer - even if it means not staying at the Elara.  Yes I am complaining and yes I do laundry when out of town - we pack less clothing counting on doing laundry and having fresh outfits and less luggage.  I have heard that the mildew smell is pretty common with the washer/dryer combos maybe house-keeping needs to clean them out after each stay.  That brings us back to my first complaint - check to make sure the unit is empty from previous guests!  So we also found out that the sinks were clogged - bathroom and kitchen.  The kitchen sink had rice in it.  We didn't even have rice with us!  So it definitely was not ours.Sure the projection screen was cool.  The 4 TVs were fun - smart capabilities were a plus.  Lighting was bad, turning on ALL the lights in the room still kept us in the dark.  The spot lighting along the wall behind the couch didn't even work - no we did not call to complain, that would mean having to wait on house-keeping to come in at 3am.We love the location, it is a plus being able to walk into Miracle Mile shopping.  We appreciate the lobby, pretty decor, awesome view and immediate staff service but...  For being the newest HGV facility in Las Vegas we felt like room standards were not what they should have been.As pretty and convenient as this location is we are hesitant to come back.  Our first stay here was not that great.  We were pretty excited to check the Elara out - but I think we will be staying at the other HGV facilities as we have never had any problems in the past.Sure we did not call to complain as aggressively as we should have - but you figure the only response would be a well intended apology and house-keeping running over.  It is too late the experience is already ruined.  It was my sister's & neice's first time staying here with us and I found myself apologizing to them as well - That not all HGVs are like this.
1	Stayed at the one bedroom suite and it's absolutely divine! Full kitchen, whirlpool jacuzzi right in the bedroom, huge projector tv, nice comfy bed...  Everything you need to recover from your crazy last night out....Okay so brace yourselves, those are the only few good things I have to say about this hotel. The hotel room design itself. Because just as important is the management and the service infrastructure that keeps this place running and let me tell you --- for a place ran by Hilton, Elaras is FRIGHTENINGLY INCOMPETENT in that department...Theft, yes, for the first time in my entire existence, I experienced first-hand room service theft. And nobody did a damn thing about it!I'm not one to rant too much on these reviews but this was an experience that I believe to NEED to be shared...--The Shoenap--We had confidently left our belongings in our room, as most hotel guests do, for a day out in the sun at the day club down the strip. One of our guests had woken up at the ungodly Vegas hour of 8am to run down to the nike store to pick up two pairs of the long awaited Zoom Kobe 8 basketball shoes that costs him close to $200 a pop. After happily showing everyone the haul, these shoes were carefully repacked into their brand new shoe box and placed back into their respective bright orange nike shopping bags. They were then stowed by the door along with a few other personal belongings.Upon our return half a day later. The orange nike bags have all but vanished into thin air??!!--The Rescue--After scratching our heads in puzzlement and searching the entire suite. We confidently concluded that the shoes were simply no longer in our possession. With that, we called in the loss. And yup, we had the entire Elara staff looking for two pairs of Nikes! A couple of hours later, we heard the door bell ring and a random room service staff came by carrying two large trash bags - in it, the shoes (yay!) and two cut up orange nike boxes (what?). At this time it was disclosed to us that ... The room service staff had mistaken these brand new Nikes in their brand new boxes and shopping bags for TRASH TO BE DISPOSED and therefore WERE NICE ENOUGH TO REMOVE THEM FOR US. ... And with that, he left. Why thank you, thoughtful hotel staff. Now that you mention it, my brand new luggage must also qualify to be towed away BY MISTAKE right? because it was placed in the room where all things new must not exist? Wait a minute, when you took the shoes OUT of their boxes you didn't see the tags still attached? Or when you decided to cut the boxes to shreds did you think the bright orange box was too glaringly new and would invite unwanted questioning?I don't know about you but this is a pretty alarming experience for any hotel guest. --The resolution (or lack thereof) --Okay so by this time, after having gotten over our initial shock. We decided that a discussion with the management was in order... To sum things up for you: no apologies for the blatant crime committed in the room, no accommodations for the incident except for a cute little discount for our next hotel stay. (Yeah as if that's going to happen) And from a customer service standpoint I'll tell you this, it was complete bull sh*t. You should be ashamed Elara!Overall tips (if you do decide to stay at this god awful cave belonging to alibaba and the forty thieves):- Keep your important personal belongings locked up. Keep your shoes worn. Your money in your pocket. Hide your kids, hide your wife :) ... When it comes down to it, your hotel will not accountable for anything that happens to you during your stay. - know the name of your room service staff.- don't waste your time with the management staff who knows not the first thing about hospitality... - oh and have fun in Vegas!!!
1	Wow...I've never experienced such rude customer service at a vegas hotel! This used to be my go-to hotel, regardless of the things I have heard from people, but NO MORE. Yeah the rooms are decent...but if you are not a family with kids, this is not the hotel for you.1. 3 STRIKES AND YOURE OUT! if you get 3 noise complaints...they kick you out and do not give you back any of your money! in fact...they CHARGE you more for the inconvenience you have caused! It was one person's 21st birthday and he got noise complaints during the day from the room next door = busted. I was playing music from my phone in the bathroom during mid day, ALSO got a noise complaint. really? I think outside on the strip has louder noise then the "ruckus" i was causing.2. $250 FLAT RATE CHARGE for smoking/ANY TRASH left in room! We left our trash in trash bags by the door and left our towels in a pile in the bathroom..and apparently that was so disgusting for the cleaning lady that we had to get $250 charge and no way to argue it. they sent us the pics...and trust me that was clean compared to some of the rooms i have seen. I even left a $20 tip! just cause we didnt get room service for one day [which they charged me $15 for], the room was deemed too messy. 3. $15 random charge for room service! umm what? is that not included? and i left a tip that was more than what they charged. 4. washer/dryer has a 40 min timer and you can not remove your clothes until the time runs out. my friend's clothes were literally LOCKED in the entire night. we called room service, they said there was nothing they could do. we turned the machine off and back on...still locked. we stopped the cycle...STILL locked. needless to say, hes lucky someone else had extra clothes he could borrow for the night.LESSON LEARNED. if you want to have a good time in vegas and not get charged for random things, STAY AWAY.
4	Nice property close to the strip and shopping.  The rooms are modern and trendy, comfortable... and the rooms from the higher floors have a nice view of the strip.  The staff is friendly and attentive.
3	A nice room at a good price does not make up for all the rest of the crap. The price was very fair (to start) so we decided to stay here in a one bedroom suite for 3 days. I stayed here before when it was PH and remembered the rooms were nice so I was excited. The downstairs bell desk staff was super nice as was the guy at the front desk. He upgraded us to a nicer view for a $20 tip (you can have anything in Vegas by tipping) the view was great and so far the staff had seemed quite nice. We decided not to have room service clean for us because of all the reviews I saw relating to theft so I just kept the room clean myself. The second night my poor boyfriend tried to throw his shirt in the dryer and like others complained before me ended up being an issue. We spent forever trying to open it what the FUCK kind of dryer doesn't let you open it until it's finished? We had to call downstairs to get special instructions and eventually got it out. You won't get service for a second up in your room either and I don't just mean WiFi I mean you won't get any regular cell service either.. well from time to time I could send a text. WiFi is $10/day which should be included I think charging for what is pretty much now a basic necessity doesn't seem fair. Yeah cool they have a 24-hour Starbucks.. where drinks are $10 each! I didn't realize until we were literally about to walk out of the room with our bags that they charge $250 for any trash! The maid told us this right at checkout so we ran back in and cleaned like crazy plus left her $20 I still haven't seen the charge go through on my card so I'm not sure if I will get charged for that but if I do I will make sure nobody I know stays at this hotel again. It's nice being able to leave a bit of a mess when you're on vacation you don't want to be cleaning!! The place is nice but I just want to have a worry-free relaxing time and not have to stress about little silly things. I MAY stay here again depending on what kind of crazy charges they add to my bill. The room service was quick though which was great!
1	I was excited to try this hotel but the first impression was a big disappointment. When I first walked in, there were used towels hanging on the towel rack in the bathroom as well as other people's shirt in the washer/dryer. There was also a strange beeping sound coming from the kitchen area. Waited an hour before someone come to pick up the dirty towels and the shirt. Another two hour went by before someone else came to replace the towels and fix the beeping noise. I was then paranoid about the sheets, toilet, tub and wonder if everything else were clean. Should've stayed with my usual, THE Hotel or Palazzo.
4	I love staying here when we come into town.  The hotel is smoke-free.  Love it!  We stayed in a King One Bedroom with a fully equip kitchen, living room with a jetted tub.  Very nice.  The room also offered a all in one washer/dryer, which we used during our stay.  The sofa opens up to a Queen size bed. Another plus.  The room had 4 flat screen tv's.  Great staff and friendly.  Valet parking is $15 per day.  Try self parking it's free.  Hotel was very clean.The hotel is connected to Miracle Mile Mall and Planet Hollywood Hotel.  It was wonderful that we can just come right out to gamble, shop and have a bite to eat.  There are shows venues also.
5	AMAZING hotel! Located in arguably the heart of the Las Vegas Strip, the Elara is but a short walk away from Planet Hollywood's Casino and for people like me, so is Fat Tuesdays.Before I start w/ the good things, I'm going to touch on the bad things. The view isn't that great and the room service is expensive but that can be overlooked considering the better aspects.Now let's talk about the good things. The suites are huge! 2 king sized beds, a living room w/ a projector, 2 kitchens, 2 bathrooms, and even a Jacuzzi, what more can I ask for? Better yet, the suite comes with its own full sized fridge for all the goodies that you bring w/ your own group. The rooms also have a nice modern style to it and it just makes me that much more excited to be in Vegas.An important tip is that you will need 1 room key per 4 people to use the elevators so make sure you plan ahead and get enough room keys for the people who stay in your suite.I would definitely consider staying in the Elara again!
1	Don't stay here.Our room fee was essentially doubled and labeled as a "cleaning fee"--our massive sweet housing several people was provided with no more than two small, bathroom-sized waste bins. When this was inadequate, we placed our trash neatly next to each of the bins, and left a substantial tip for the maids($20) to compensate.Our room was issued a $250 charge for the weekend despite 0$ in damage to the room. The culprit: small, neat piles of trash next to the kitchen waste bin and a pile of towels (no trash) in the bathroom. Anyone staying in our suite could have cleaned the room in less than 30 seconds if adequate waste disposal was provided.. This story has been corroborated with several other users on yelp and in person that have been charged with similar fees. Do not be fooled by the deals, the Elara's terms & conditions will irreversibly double your room fee at their discretion, which appears to be most of the time.Our group had another suite booked here for an upcoming weekend, but has since cancelled. We will not be staying here again, and highly recommend anyone else planning to stay here look elsewhere for better service and value. It's no wonder Planet Hollywood severed ties with this organization.
5	Great resort with easy access to the miracle mile shops. You can walk right into the mall from the lobby. We had breathtaking views from our room of the strip. Great customer service, luxurious and automatic window shades.
3	I really like the location of the hotel. However the rooms and service are just average and therefore overpriced for what you get. The rooms are not that clean and the bathrooms are not well designed. If the rooms were 50% cheaper I would recommend this place.
4	Loved our stay! This non-casino hotel has amazing apartment suites with gorgeous views, a full kitchen, washer/dryer and even a hot tub in the bedroom. It has 4 Tvs throughout to give you an idea of the luxury. It's a classy place with high security. It's location is prime, your connected to  Planet Hollywood Hotel in the heart of the strip, through the Miracle Mile Mall. It was so awesome to have a huge mall right downstairs for our shopping convenience. Couldn't ask for more! Would love to return...soon I hope. Only downfall was on New Years Eve, we couldn't get into Planet Hollywood to gamble, only Guests were allowed. I thought it was unfair and Hilton should work out a deal with PH in the future.
5	This is really a hidden gem - I almost hate to share this secret. The Elara is in a great location - you can easily walk to MGM, or take the route through the Miracle Mile shops to hit Planet Hollywood. Bellagio is just across the street.And, yes this is a Hilton Grand Vacation property but we are not timeshare owners. You can book it just like any other Hilton property. Hubby is a diamond Hilton member, so we used his points to get a 6 night stay in a swank room for free. We arrived super early and were blown away when they were able to check us in. Additionally, we were upgraded to a huge 1 bedroom suite. As others have mentioned, the drop down projector screen and huge jacuzzi are amazing! We also really liked having a kitchen (complete with dishwasher, full size fridge and microwave) so that we could bring food back (some of those restaurant portions are ginormous).We used the fitness center and it was fine -- very large and the usual assortment of cardio machines + weights. The pool was undergoing renovations, but that was fine since we went in a very cold December. And, like others, we also loved the convenience of a Starbucks in the lobby. Unlike other Hilton Grand Vacation properties, the Elara has room service which we used several times. Service was always prompt and friendly. Housekeeping was also friendly, though less prompt (which wasn't an issue for us since we weren't pressed for time).We really had a great time and were blown away by the Elara. We will definitely be back.
4	Love! I have stayed at 3 resorts in Vegas now and I think this is my fav! Perfect Location : Middle of the stripPerfect Ambiance : Not a casino, however steps away from one. It's like you are in luxury without the craziness. Great Value : Great price for a comfortable room! Customer Service : With the exception of housekeeping, the entire crew was awesome. Very helpful, welcoming and accommodating.Great/Clean Rooms : The bed and bathtub were the highlight. So comfortable and spacious.This is connected to the Miracle Mile Mall and Planet Hollywood Resort. The lobby is separated nicely so you don't feel the change until you walk into the mall. There is a 24 hour Starbucks connected to the lobby too, score! Also, food options right when you walk into the mall so you really don't have to go outside if you don't want to. It's also connected to Planet Hollywood so if you are feeling like you need a gambling fix immediately, just hop over there. However, if you are tired of the crowds, loud noises and smoke, step back into the Hilton oasis and relax. There is a bar in the lobby as well as a lounge area, just so nice. We experienced room service as well which was great. The food was pretty good, portions were plenty and the service was nice. Someone mentioned the views not being that great but we had a 17th floor room and overlooked the direction of the Wynn and it was so nice! A taste of the strip and the mountains. Overall I can't wait to go back and I am happy to finally have a place I will go to for first booking options!
3	This used to be a Westgate Resort and it hasn't really change from there, just a bit in the lobby. My brother has had a timeshare here before the change and since the change. I think most people think this is just for timeshare owners, but apparently you can rent a room like any hotel. The rooms are spacious, has a full kitchen, a nice deep jacuzzi tub, and has a awesome TV projector for some wall to ceiling watching with a large couch. My family is large, plus add in those of us who live here and most regular hotels aren't made for visiting or crashing. There is plenty of sitting and sleeping space in these rooms. It's a quiet hotel since it's just a hotel, yet its connected to Miracle Mile and Planet Hollywood with stuff to do and the strip is right there so you get the best of both worlds. Theres a bar and live music downstairs at the lobby and a convenience store if you need something. The pool here is simple, but kinda nice. Somehow though the pool catches a lot of desert wind. They've stayed here several times and I've tried to jump in the pool with the kids, but it's just too windy.If you're just gonna be walking around, it's a good location right in the middle of the strip really. The parking lot is one of the negatives as it shares the same parking as Miracle Mile and Planet Hollywood casino so it's a bit busy and hard to find a spot. They should maybe make a designated area near the Elara side for parking. Parking off the back way on Harmon and not a entrance through the strip which can be a good thing during busy times on the strip if you need to get out. One thing that's a bit annoying is that they have to scan your room key each and every time you go in and sometimes they were straight weird about it. My brother who forgot to tell friends something who were just going up as we were leaving ran up to as they were going in the elevator and got a attitude from the door man about it "are you with these people? and where are your keys?" when it was clear he was telling them something.  I guess I can't expect him to know all faces, but we seriously were up and about a dozen times hauling crap up, getting things from ABC store, going out to eat, going to the lobby to pick up people (since there were only 2 keys), asked him a few questions, etc.  I guess if you have stalkers, this may be your refuge! Haha. It's probably a good hotel to do for a family. There's very few nice looking hotels that offer a full kitchen on the strip -you'll be lucky with a kitchenette. The TV projector was a hit with my nephews and kept it pretty easy for me to baby sit them while everyone watched a show.
5	Great place, very family frendliy,room was very big and clean there was a washer and dryer in bathroom witch is a plus with kids, the only bad thing was the kitchen has NO utensils or dishes of any kind. It has its own entrance to Miracle Mile shops and you could go straight to the strip for miracle mile shopps.
1	As a California resident, Las Vegas is the perfect place to have a weekend getaway. Me and a few others , have stayed at numerous hotels whenever we visit Vegas. We have never experience "major" negative experiences with our hotel and we thought we never would.have too. We wanted to try Elara because of the great price that we got for a suite. From the moment we arrived the place looked great and our front agent was superb ! It then proceeded to go down hill from then on once we got to the elevators to reach our room. The disgust and rudeness of the "security guard" was distasteful. He gave us rude looks and we felt that he didn't give any signs of being "helpful" or "accommodating". After leaving the room we proceeded to spend our Friday night at a Concert at The Hard Rock Hotel. We came back to the hotel around 12-1am and again it was the same security guard that continue to give us rude looks. After going into the room most of our party went to sleep while me and some friends came down to get some supplies from our cars, immediately the security guard asked us what room we were in. We didn't think anything about it but about 5 minutes later an "intimidating" security guard knocks on our front door to inform us about a noise complaint. I don't understand how you get a noise complaint after coming back from a concert and within a 5-10 minute time frame. We presume it was the security guard at the elevator but we were unsure yet he did ask us for our room number. The security then proceeded to harass our group about the noise complaint instead of professionally informing us about the policies he would use distasteful words and unprofessional tone and demeanor. He informed us the 1st time would be a warning and if we got a 2nd one he would "throw the group out". That really killed the mood of our trip. we spent the remainder of the weekend in our room whispering because we didn't want to get "THROWN OUT". As I was reading the other 1 to 2 star reviews on yelp it seemed that a lot of other people have similar experiences as my group. The hotel seem great and I really hope they reevaluate their employees but I'm not sure if management cares about their customer. In a review I was reading , the Assistant Manager responded by stating "We are definitely not the place to stay if you are here to party in your room" , " I do appreciate your comments and I hope you find another Hotel that will be able to better accommodate your needs". I have worked customer service at major corporations and customer retention is a major deal. Instead of informing the customer that had a bad experience to "find another hotel"maybe try to alleviate the situation ? I really do hope the Management responds and I hope its not "I hope you find another hotel that will better accommodate your needs"...
4	Ahh.. a week in vegas over New Years. A week!!!!Seven people.  One Timeshare previously purchased through Westgate.  A wedding planned and plenty of partying to do.   I suppose we can go through the pros and cons.. Let's do CONs first!-  One of our party members showed up around 10a, and was told that they weren't certain that they could accommodate our request of a studio adjoining a 1bedroom.  What??  The owners have had this timeshare for 4 years.  NOW they aren't certain that they can fit us in?  That made no sense.   Apparently with the changeover to Hilton, things are run very differently, as Westgate did timeshare weeks and Hilton does timeshare points.  Our owners are grandfathered & deeded a week in two adjoining units.    The front desk got things straightened out and had one of the rooms ready but not the other, which wasn't available until about 3pm. -  Not all the views are great out of the rooms.  We were on the 10th floor and fortunately overlooked Harmon, but not all are like that. -  If you wish to use the washer dryer, you may need to run a disinfecting cycle through it.. it stunk so badly, that we had to wait to do laundry until that was done.. and then we had issues with the thing locking our clothes in it.  After consulting the manual (found on the kitchen table, btw), we figured out how to get the clothes out. - Valet parking is $15.  It should still be free in my opinion. - There is no DVD player in the room.   HUGE projection tv and no DVD! -We are unable to get anything PPV in the room.  We wanted to watch the UFC fight on the wall but no luck. ok.. on to the PROs. -Great  location on the strip.  Just great.  It's across from Bellagio and Cosmopolitan.. it's an easy walk to anywhere.  Miracle Mile is attached - great to go get cheap ($5.99) breakfast and not have to brave the elements (hot hot, or cold cold).   Planet Hollywood resorts is attached to MM.. so it's easy to stop over there for a bit, too.-Rooms were well appointed and the beds reasonably comfortable (even the two pullouts we used).  Jacuzzi tub was excellent as was having a full sized fridge, and a mini fridge (plus coffee pots.. one in each unit).   Showers were excellent too.  Hairdryers are in each unit. -Housekeeping staff was accommodating and quite lovely to interact with.  We traded towels with them and received other necessary items with no issues.  We only had service come in once during our stay (that was the rule when it was Westgate.. not certain it's changed now). -awesome room controls. We could raise and lower the blinds using the remote control and the tv.  We can notify housekeeping for service with a simple button on the wall.  Same with Do-Not-Disturb!   Heck - there's a doorbell on the room.  Sweet!-Guess we were lucky with our neighbors.. we didn't get complained about for noise.  We had all three main tvs playing fun music the morning and early afternoon of the wedding (new years eve) with no issues.  Of course, we didn't get too loud at night, which is when I'm certain folks might complain. -Front door and taxi crew were pleasant and helpful, getting us vehicles to fit all 7 of us instead of always taking 2 cabs.  Most times it was reasonable for us all to go in one vehicle. I'm sure there's more but heck.. 7 people easily stayed for a week in the place, and we entertained 4 additional local friends, at the same time, one afternoon.  It was really never too crowded!  The other reviews have posted much of what I could say.. so no need to go further.  We were pleased with our stay, overall.    I know the owners of the timeshare have some concerns on how they'll retain their week, but they will need to speak to the new management about it.
2	We bought timeshare from Westgate Planet Hollywood but now Hilton operates as Elara. Location and room is great. Love the room 37th floor and view to north. Guess they only make up and clean room once in 7 days. We had to call multiple times and they even transfered us to Orlando. Bottom line BAD HOUSEKEEPING think we are getting shaft because we bought from Westgate and now Hilton took over. Had to call multiple times to get more towels and toilet paper for a REFRESH but no housekeeping. Great building but bad people at Hilton. Room and view 5 star with housekeeping 1 star. HILTON NOT GOOD
4	My husband surprised me with a birthday trip to Vegas! One catch, we had to attend a timeshare presentation at the hotel we were staying at. Bummer.  Well I was very surprised at how wonderfully we were treated. Everyone was very nice, especially Michelle. They didn't over pressure us to buy and we left feeling great about the whole experience.  Now for the room. It was amazing! We stayed in a one bedroom. Full kitchen , projector for watching movies, jacuzzi tub, and the best bed I have slept in besides my own. The TV remotes were old and didn't work that well but the TVs were nice and everywhere, even in the bathroom which my husband loved! The view was amazing! The hotel colors were a bit gaudy upstairs, all the red and black swirls made me nauseous and I kept getting lost trying to find the elevators from our room. More signage needed for sure.   Location was pretty good but you had to walk thru the mile mall to get to the strip.  The mall closes at midnight but you can still walk thru it. there is a Starbucks on property which was a plus for me. Also your key card is needed to get to the hotel elevators which I liked. This gave me a feeling of security knowing that only guests were allowed in the room areas. My only suggestion would be to have an area in the hotel for the guests to be able to gamble in the evening. Overall I recommend this hotel for people who want to enjoy a nice trip to Vegas but not a Party event.
5	No Cons.  All Pros. Also since most people have detailed how awesome this hotel is I'll leave you with one tip that could turn your already awesome trip into one for the books...When checking don't be shy and ASK FOR AN UPGRADE. Specifically ask for the corner suite with the outdoor balcony.  Keep in mind however that there are only a handful of these of these rooms available, but If your timing is right you've basically landed one of the coolest suites in Vegas with AMAZING views of the strip. A hundred bucks between your credit card and ID upon check-in wouldn't hurt either.  And that doesn't work at least ask them to hook you up with one of the rooms with the red glass walkway for some extra space and a little more glam!
1	Their security acts like everyone is a criminal!  Fake ass wannabe cops will harass you constantly to show ur room key and id even though i was a guest???    I mean like 10 times a day seriously???  I had a studio suite for a week i canceled our reservation after second day n moved to cosmopolitan which was a million times better!!!!!!!  I hated how i got treated at Elara n i would never stay there again!  Their hospitality comes w judgement n horrible attitude.  That is not how u want to feel on vacation.  I was completely insulted!!!!  Never again!
4	Loved this room!!!  We booked a one bedroom suite last year for my (now) sister-in-law's bachelorette party.  As we walked in, we were blown away at how upbeat, fun, clean, and modern the place was.  We had the kitchen to the right - a big fridge, a stove, microwave, plenty of cups, dishes, pots and pans, a dishwasher, and a tv above the dining room table.  Straight ahead, your huge couch!  The couch has a pull-out bed that wasn't comfy, but when you're drunk and getting back at 4am, who even cares about that?!  LOL.  The window overlooking the City is pretty nice.  It is the length of the living room and there is a projector screen that comes down where you can watch DVD's or movies.  There is also a regular flatscreen tv as well.  On to the bedroom - nice comfy bed!  A nice jacuzzi that my sister and cousin took full advantage of! A lounge chair which one of the girls used as her "bed" LOL.  Closet is a good size and comes with a small safe.  A tv in here as well.The bathroom has a big shower, a stall where the toilet is, double sink, and another tv alongside your usual hotel amenities.  One thing great about this place is that there were so many cabinets where we put our clothes, shoes, and other extras.  With 5 girls in there, that worked out perfect.  When we left, we had to go through every single one to make sure we didn't leave something behind.Check-in and check-out were both easy.  To get to the rooms, there are one or two hotel staff members standing at the entrance to the elevators.  They have you swipe your card into those little machines before you can go up.  It's a hassle to do that every single time, but I didn't mind it so much.  We just had to remember to always have someone carry one if they were going back up since we only had three.  The elevators are close to the Planet Hollywood pool and if you walk a little more, it connects directly to the Miracle Mile Shops which is pretty convenient.  The elevators are also very close to the parking lot which makes it easy to get out of there without having to go through the casino to get to your car.I would definitely consider staying here again.  They offer a AAA discount which never hurts!  :)
4	I still call this place the Westgate Towers, and I'm a fan. I stayed here 2 years in a row in the one bedroom suite. The space is amazing! It's huge! Love the big red sectional, love the full kitchen! You can buy all the booze and food you want and keep it in that huge refridgerator provided. I will say though, staying here I noticed 2 things, there was usually something wrong with one of the appliances, in our case the microwave kept beeping for no reason, and in another case, we had an issue with the ice maker, but those things can be either fixed by calling someone or if you really have to, you can switch rooms. We didn't feel that was necessary. Also, the beautiful looking hot tub that they put in the rooms, we never used it on account that it looked semi dirty and maybe it just gave me dirty vibes lol. I like the fact that there are 2 entrances to the bathroom, one from the bedroom side, and the other from the living room side, so if you're staying with a big group, whoever is staying in the bedroom can still have their privacy, or it can be used to get dressed, or take a nap and not be bothered. Oh, the washer and dryer, beware! it will take about 5 hrs to do one load, and it most likely won't work completely. I also ididn't like the walk either, the walk to the strip is pretty long, and the walk to get to the casino is just as long. The mall is nice though, it's one of the few malls in Vegas that actually have things that are catered to ppl who are looking to shop for something other than Louis V, Gucci, or Cartier.I've looked at prices to this place recently and unfortunately, the prices have certainly gone up, most likely because it was bought out by Hilton now. When we stayed there, must have been back in 2010 and 2011 now, in the height of the summer (end of July) they were doing crazy deals, but now, you're lucky to catch it at 10% off, if even that. But the sales I found was back when you could still book the One Bedroom suite on the planet hollywood website, now they specifically have a seperate site for anything that's a Junior sute or above which means no more discounts! Boooo.
4	This hotel was nice enough and in the right location for us. We went to see Britney Spears and the hotel was connected through the Miracle Mall to Planet Hollywood, which was perfect for us.As in other reviews, however, if you are going for a timeshare presentation, it is miserable (for those that have never been). To everyone that has been to one before and who bitches, you know what you are getting into so I'm not sure what complaining about it afterwards gets you.
5	Sweet views. The suite that we were in was one of the better ones that I've stayed at in Vegas.  Super clean and it was setup like it was your place. The projector in the living room was a great touch.  Nice pool area too. Room service and all the staff that we encountered were really friendly and professional. This is a hotel that wouldn't mind staying at again. It's connected to the Miracle Mile shops and Planet Hollywood.
2	This was my second visitMust say one of the worst service at Hilton Honors...no welcomeNo acknowledge No courtesy Not worth the saving or points you get hereLocation is good, rooms ok...Pool poorly staffedNo restaurant on property is a minusClose to shops but crowd not the best...saw a brawl between 2 groups!Not worth a little saving...!!
1	What a horrible experience-had an emergency and needed to cancel my reservation more than 48 hours in advance...got the total runaround, talked to a bunch of people I couldn't understand only to be told no cancellations except 72 hours in advance.  Beware, do not book because you might have an emergency and hilton grand Elara is too big to care.
3	I stayed here for my 21st birthday in November. Five Stars for the room. It was amazing. & so inexpensive. I'm giving it three stars because I loved the location and the Hotel but I HATED the customer service. I had a lot of people that came to Vegas for my birthday and we all pre gamed in my room since it was the biggest and the best;) I went through a lot of drinking glasses and I had a Jacuzzi In my room!!! Seriously I used that to my advantage! Every morning i would wake up hungover and sick and just... Well you know. So I would sit in my Jacuzzi with my boyfriend for like an hour and then we would be ready to go! The point is every time I needed new towels or drinking glasses they would never show up. I kept calling I would get drunk, forget come back to my room and call again. Finally the last time a lady answered and I asked why I hadn't got anything and she told me I had I dishwasher and a washer/dryer for my towels and to use it. WTF?! Ummm NO! I'm on vacation I don't want to load and unload my dish washer and wait for them to be clean to drink some champagne with my friends or how about I want everyone to go In the Jacuzzi and there is not enough towels. I was so angry but I was drunk so I hung up and and just went on with my birthday weekend! Also this hotel is different from others if you don't have a room key you can't get to the elevators so I had to come down every time to get my friends to bring them up to my room -_- not fun! But I did love the Jacuzzi:) Next time I'm finding a different hotel with a Jacuzzi..
4	Before you book your next stay in Vegas, be sure you bring your alarm clock.The Elara is a decent place to stay.As soon as we walked into our suite, we noticed the huge windows in the living room area.  A screen came down and welcomed us by name.  Well, my boyfriend, but still pretty cool.When you enter, you see the long dining table and full kitchen.  Also, very nice.  The living room has plush, wraparound theatre seating.  The bathroom was huge and there was a jacuzzi hot tub in the bedroom.  That wasn't even the best thing about this place.  The huge floor to ceiling windows in the living room housed an 8 foot projection screen.  It was the perfect place to watch hockey.  The only negative thing about staying here was the 10 AM Check out time.This suite was geared more towards a party crowd.  How can you expect anyone to check out by 10:00?  In Las Vegas?
3	We stayed here through a Hilton Grand Vacation Timeshare promotion deal so we got a suite for 3 nights and 4 days for $225, all we had to do was sit through a 90min timeshare presentation which actually took only an hour and was very low pressure.  Also part of the deal we got a free dinner and show tickets, 15,000 Hilton Honor Points, and $200 Stay a night on us rebate certificate for the Double Tree.  So overall got some good perks for sitting through a timeshare presentation.  Now the hotel...So in my opinion this is a love it or hate it place.  Here is why: Room: (Slight thumbs Up) At first glance the room size is awesome however, make sure you ask for an odd number to cut down on the traffic noise from the street, we could hear everything even though we were on the 22nd floor.  The suites look like something designed for a bachelor party, red leather furniture mixed with tiger striped furniture, and of course 4 TV's and a projector throughout.  The room did have a jacuzzi tub, though I thought the jets were really weak. The only thing it was missing was a stripper pole to complete the bachelor party style theme.  I didn't mind the decor but my wife thought it was awful, tacky, and dated, so keep that in mind if you are a couple and booking this place.  It did have a full size kitchen, refrigerator and 4 stove tops, and a nice dinning table so again nice touches.  Though oddly enough, there is a sign outside of the hotel that say's please no outside food or drink in the hotel. Really??? The location: (Thumbs Neutral)It is in the corner of the Miracle Shopping mile and opposite of Planet Hollywood, it proximity is okay but keep in mind you are not on the strip, you are about 10 minute walk away.  At first walking through the Miracle Mile shopping area isn't a big deal but after doing it a couple of times a day it does get old....Though given all the food we were eating in Vegas maybe it is a good thing.  Parking: (Thumbs down) Self parking in a lot connected to the Miracle Mile or you can Valet for a charge.  Now every other hotel in Vegas has free Valet except this one, yeah I was annoyed. Wifi: (Thumbs down)Available but for a charge, this is 2014 not 2005 who doesn't offer free Wifi.  Overall not a bad hotel I would be open to stay here again just keep in mind of the pro's and cons.
5	I live here in Vegas but had friends coming into town and wanted to stay on the strip with them without spending the fortune the other hotels wanted.  I was able to book this with my Hilton Honors points.  I have to preface this with saying that I am a Diamond Member with Hilton so that might have factored into the room I received.  I don't know if they are all similar to what I had but my room, (or suite would be a better word) was amazing.  My friends were staying across the street at the Belagio and they wanted to switch hotels after seeing my room.  I was only staying for the night but if I was staying for more nights the fully stocked kitchen would have been very helpful.  The bathroom came equipped with everything you would need including a few extra touches such as a shaving mirror in the shower and a washer/dryer combo hidden in one of the cabinets we just happen to find.  Once again, the hot tub/bath tub would have been incredible if I had known and was there longer but wasn't able to use it this time.  As was the full wall projection TV.  We went up just to drop off everyone's stuff and ended up spending a good hour and a half checking out all of the features in the room.  The bar down stairs was nice and relaxing without the typical casino surroundings, but the Planet Hollywood casino was a quick walk through the mall away.  And for those that don't know where the Elara is located, it's attached to the Miracle Mile (Planet Hollywood Casino) mall just off the strip across from City Center.  it's right in the middle of the strip.  Great location.
3	So pros: Nice poolWalking distance to planet HollywoodWell appointed roomsCons:Depending why you are coming to Vegas this location is more family and business travelers. No crazy pool parties or casino.Some of the rooms need to be fixed up, but my last two stays they were fine.No place to grab a sandwich/ breakfast (except Starbucks and room service)Overall I prefer to stay here for work and will continue too.
1	Ever since I have stayed here I have been bombarded with calls from Hilton Vacations. Not on my home phone which is the one I have listed with Hilton Honors but with my cell phone, a number that I never give out except when I fill out the registration in the hotel. No matter how many times I have asked them to stop calling, they keep on doing it. The worst part is that they call at the most inopportune moments and they are fairly rude. I even tried the approach of letting the sales guy yap so that I could then say no - I figured I would waste his time like he did mine, to no avail the calls still keep on coming.I will never stay at this hotel again and I cannot recommend this place at all, unless you don't mind invasion of privacy.
3	We spent last three nights here last winter and booked a One Bedroom Suite. Compare to Trump International we spent first 2 nights, the room is not that clean as much. It does have a spa tub next to your bed (I have to admit that is the reason I chose to stay here when I see the pictures on their website), but I have to clean it by myself and before I use it. Why? I found some hairs in the tub! It does have a laundry machine and a dryer in bathroom. However, the dryer is useless. I washed my jeans and dry it before I went to bed and next morning the jeans were still wet! The wifi is awful and you still have to pay for that if you wanna check your email and deal with your business. The positive is it has a nice projector and you just need to push the button to roll the curtain down and you can enjoy a big-screen show from the tv or your laptop. The staff are nice (before we left we asked them to help us to mail some postcards and they did it). It's close to some nice restaurants. Will I stay here next time? Hard to say.
4	Very contemporary but family friendly hotel. We are owners and were happy Elara opened more center strip. The window shade doubling as a screen was a fantastic way to watch theatre style television. Well-appointed kitchen. Nice lobby bar and 24 hour Starbucks. Connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and restaurants and Planet Hollywood, you never have to go outside!
4	House Keeping and rooms are awesome!! Quixk to deliver extra blankets, garbage bags, etc.
3	This place is very very decent. I would stay here again for sure, but I wouldn't be over the moon about it. Price: $200/night during the off season, at bestAmenities: standardAccess to the strip: very goodI came here because they let me stay three nights free on condition that I sit through their 2-hr pitch on timeshares. I would suggest this route. They will try to shame and bully you into a time share, but just stay strong. Then we got free entrance into Marc Savard's comedy hypnosis show (pretty good) and the Planet Hollywood Spice Buffet (never seen anything so terrible). The bartenders are cool. The pool is disappointing at 3ft deep, but there's nice places to sit if you're into that. Staff are courteous. The place is clean. It's not exotic, but it's a sweet contrast to the Econo Lodge. And it has direct access to Planet Hollywood's shopping center. This is not the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan. But you might as well stay here anyway.
1	Just stayed at the Elara, and was completely disappointed.1) room was nice enough, but it wasn't clean at all. We found the following items in the room:      a) used tissue on the living room floor,      b) socks in one of the cabinets,      c) one sandal on the bar stool, and      d) dirty towel in the washer/dryer2) had to call room service twice to pick up items listed above3) room that's not cheap should not have issues listed above4) the hotel should just stop giving the measly 10% discount at the lobby Starbucks because they won't honor it unless you have a room key even though you just checked out.BTW, don't even bother complaining.  Initially, someone who's a "manager" called, but he didn't even bother to apologize.And I have to second Mark J's remark, I've been getting a call on my work cell phone continuously since I stayed here.  It's a "407" area code.  Now I have to put my work # on the don't call list.
4	First timers! My boyfriend & I stayed here for 2 nights in February. We were in town to see the one and only Misses-OMG-that-Britney-Shameless!!! (AKA Britney Spears for those who aren't on my level). I was looking to treat ourselves to a fairly new and modern 4 to 5 star hotel. I did my research and through all the casino/non-casino, resort fee/no resort fee,  floor to ceiling windows, 2 or 3 ply toilet paper, center/east/west of Strip hotels, I finally decided on Elara.Location: Kick ass! It's almost dead center of the Strip. It's not right on the Strip but behind Planet Hollywood. I'd say it takes about 5 mins or less to walk to the Strip from the lobby. Yes, you do have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops but its not as exaggerated as some other reviews make it to be. When you're drunk, it feels like even less! If you're in town for Britney and considering this hotel, the Axis Theater is also about a 5 min walk from the lobby. Parking: Elara offers self parking and valet. If you choose to self park, you park in the public Miracle Mile parking structure. My advice is that you try to score a spot on the 3rd floor which is directly connected to the hotel. Section 3A if you're so lucky. That's as close as you can get to the hotel entrance (just a min or so walk). Now, if you decide that you're not about to go hunting for parking after a long drive and are willing to splurge for valet, its $15/day...for the length of your stay. I opted for valet once we pulled up. I figured I'd pay for the first day to make things easy. The attendant informed us that it'd be $15/day for 24 hrs. I thought, "Okay, cool. I'll just pull it out before being charged an additional day."  After walking the Strip for a while, we decided to pull the car from valet. It was about 2 hours til our first full day. It wasn't til check-out that we noticed we were billed for both days not just one. At which point the receptionist informed us that valet is billed for the entire length of stay. Maybe this is a Vegas standard but I honestly didn't know. I wasn't trying to get it free; I was willing to pay for the first day. I made my case and thankfully a manager removed the second day.Room: The room looked better in person. I booked the room through Travelocity. It came with an upgrade from Studio to Junior Suite. The difference is a bigger room and apparently a nicer view. It came fitted with a king bed, two TVs, a small dining table, a red sofa which doubled as a pull out bed, a mini kitchen (sink, dishwasher, cabinets, some plates and cups, and a decent fridge), a restroom with a jetted average sized tub. The pictures on their site led me to believe the Junior Suite had a jacuzzi type tub apart from the restroom but guess that's for the next tier up. Anywho, our room was on the 52nd floor in the corner of the hotel. It had thee awesomest view ever! Floor to ceiling windows spaning a view from the Cosmopolitan (Bellagio, Paris, Flamingo, Caesar's Palace, Wynn) to the mountains behind the Strip.Side notes: -There's a $100 deposit if you're paying with your debit card. You get your deposit back within 3-4 days after checking out.-You must provide your room key to get to the elevator.-Check-in/out times suck! In at 4 pm and out by 10 am.-No resort fee!-This is a non-smoking hotel. There's a $250 fee for smoking in the room.-Room service ends at 10 pm. Your next best choice is Earl of Sandwich within the Miracle Mile. Heard there's a 24 hr. pizza place near by there too.
2	Stayed at Hilton Elara March 8-12, 2014 as part of a deal where we had to attend a Hilton timeshare presentation.There are many nice things about this hotel. It's clean and the location is great. Many people have complained about having to show your room key just to get on the elevators. This is true. But I do understand it. As the hotel lobby is connected to the Miracle Mile Mall, the public can walk into it with no problem. This could lead to a flood of people just coming to use the hotel pool or maybe break into a room. Some of the "key guards" were more friendly than others, but I do understand the need for the security.THE GOODStaff was generally friendlyValet folks were great. (but $15/day)Bed was very comfortableStarbucks right on the premises  THE BADInternet: $10/day. (Free at most hotels I stay at)No restaurant on premises (Go to the mall)The room was a bit small for was we were told was a King Studio Suite.Check out time is 10:00 AM. Isn't this Las Vegas?The pool closes at 5:00 PM. And they mean 5:00 PM! It's a beautiful afternoon. The sun is shining, 70+ degrees and I'm sitting with my wife at the pool bar having a cocktail when at 5:00 PM sharp several badged security people enter the pool area. The guy that's closest to us looked like a body-guard for Tony Soprano. He was wearing a silver badge and had one of those ear-pieces with the coiled cord going down his neck and into his shirt. He stands by a table close to us and those people left NOW! He looks over at us and boy! we left too!. No lingering to finish your drink or conversation. Rules are rules and they cut you no slack. They have the muscle to enforce it too!There is better toilet paper in most gas stations than there is in the rooms. You can actually see through it. I think this is a really stupid place to cut corners because it makes it seem that, well... they cut corners! Since I was visiting to check out the company that was going to try to sell me a timeshare, it just seems stupid to be cheap on such a basic item. I should have checked out the TP in the timeshare we toured... :-)The timeshare presentation experience. They start out friendly and to tell the truth, I was fairly interested because of the Hilton name and the flexibility of their arrangement. I did, however, do my homework before I attended. I found an Elara timeshare for sale for $4.995 and found rentals for around $1500/week. I also found and printed out a dozen or so other prices on various Hilton timeshares. Once we got into the pricing part of the presentation, Victoria, our host, pulled out two sheets. I looked at the pricing and was stunned. One plan was for $65,000 and the other $52,100. (There are also yearly dues that you have to pay.) So I showed her what I had found. The first thing she said is "oh well, that's a scam. You have to be real careful on the Internet, you know"". I said, There are literally hundreds of these on eBay on other timeshare sales and rental sites. Are they all scams?" Then I said, "This one is for Elara. She says,  "It's not a Hilton". I said, "What"? She said, "That's not a Hilton". I said, I'm staying there and it says Hilton right on the building! (She was trying to say that the deal that the seller was offering was probably from when the building was a Westgate timeshare and did not come with all of the Hilton "extras") She then grabbed the two pricing papers she had set on the table and put them back into her folder and said that she had to find someone to answer my question. She comes back with a gentleman and he and I chatted about the options. He was very straight forward and I appreciated that. I asked at two different times if I could see the two original price sheets she had pulled out. Alas, to no avail. Something to hide, I guess. And now the prices were coming down, and down, and down. Meanwhile, Victoria was looking incredibly bored. The gentleman did say that in our particular circumstance that renting could be a good option for us. When it became clear that we were not going to purchase, Victoria was visibly angry as she started putting her things back into her briefcase/folder. The gentleman got up and we shook hands. Victoria got up without a word and started to walk away. I turned around and offered her my hand which she then shook. They say that if you don't buy, a timeshare presentation will never end amicably. In this case, it was true and the experience kind of turned me off to Hilton in general. I do have one question for the timeshare people: If these are such great, incredible, wonderful deals, why do you have to try so hard to sell them? And why are so many people trying to sell the ones they already own? This is high-pressure sales. No thinking about it overnight. You either do it now or you don't do it. We had read about these presentations so I was a prepared and did not let it ruin our vacation. Overall, there are probably better places with more amenities for the same mone
4	Pretty nice and convenient hotel.My group got a three bedroom suite at the Elara when we went to Vegas.  They offer junior suites up to four bedroom suites.  At first glance the three bedroom suite is pretty damn nice.  It basically contained a junior suite which was a king size bed, bathroom, mini fridge, microwave, sink and a sofa bed.  Then there was a full bedroom and bathroom, which was the second bedroom and then there was the master room which was the largest room that had floor to ceiling windows with blinds that were remote controlled.  It also had a king size bed.The best thing about the master bedroom was the bathroom.  It was huge, and had a nice size jacuzzis.  It also had floor to ceiling windows with blinds that were controlled with a switch, two sinks with a large countertop which is perfect for getting ready and the shower and toilet were separated.  The living/dining room was probably the other best part of the suite, next to the master bedroom.  It had a wall where you were able to watch tv through a projector so it was like having a huge screen tv.  There was a full size fridge in a good size kitchen with plenty of dishes and utensils, washer and dryer, a dining room and a L shaped couch they folded out into a bed.  It was a pretty spacious living area too.  We were able to fit 16 people there comfortably.  So the Elara is not exactly on the strip but it is extremely convenient.  It is behind Planet Hollywood and it is actually connected to Planet Hollywood.  There is no casino at the Elara but they do have a Starbucks and if you wanted to gamble you could always head over to Planet Hollywood.  It is literally connected to Planet Hollywood.  We walked right over to Marquee, shortest walk ever.  I would say Elara is a great bargain, it is not the Cosmo but I mean it is a great stay and it is convenient.  I wish I had taken pictures but I was part of the last group to arrive so by that time everyone had thrown all their stuff everywhere.  In true Vegas style, they were partying till 4 or 5 AM in the morning and we did not recieve any complaints.  So I would say, yes this was a good hotel.  I say they, because I knocked out at 2 AM.  I can't hang anymore.
4	I stayed here a few nights ago with my friends for my birthday. Check in was a breeze  we got the one bedroom suite, when I first got into the room we had a problem with the projector after calling front desk the maintenance was there right away to fix it. I also had a really sweet housekeeper by the name of CG who made me feel very welcome.I loved the room and the hotel in general. the tub and the projector screen were a bonus I would definitely stay here again!
1	The worse service i have ever received at a las vegas strip pool. The bartender Marcus with white hair and white beard clearly didn't give a rats A** to give me any service and even walked away when I asked a question about their food menu so I went to a better hotel with a better and nicer bartender and better food service. I would never recommend someone to go to a hotel like this with service as such when there are a million other better bartenders on the las Vegas strip. Trust me, just walk across the street and you'll be a lot more please and happier going to another hotel and pool. Will never step foot in this place again.  When you travel for vacation make sure you're going to enjoy your experience and you will not in here.Angel Ramos
1	We stayed at the Elara Hilton Hotel this weekend.  I was looking forward to our stay because the hotel looked beautiful but I was very disappointed with our stay.  I work in the line of customer service and I appreciated good customer service when I go places, that was the not the case with this hotel.1) When we checked in we were not told if we would be getting the upgrade we requested when we booked the room, when I asked the female helping us she responded with "the hotel is booked" with a tone like I should've known that. Well I didn't and I'm ok with that but let me know! Don't just ignore my request.2) Our party was interested in renting a pool cabana, we asked 3-4 different staff members from the concierge to the front desk to the towel person and each time we were sent to someone else. Wow! No one knows who we need to talk to to rent a cabana?? We passed on the rental.3) We valet parked ($10) the first day, they attempted to charge us for our entire stay even though we self parked 2 days, when I brought it up upon check out I was told that I needed to let the front desk know when I moved my car. Umm..your valet person brought us the car?? And how would I know this when I never even told you that I valet parked in the first place?? What kind of system is this in a "major" hotel?4) Check out time is 10am, I asked to check out at 11am and I was told no because  the hotel was booked..on a Monday. Please note that check in time is 4pm so I'm sure that extra hour would've really set them back. Employees are rude, condescending and not knowledgable. For the price we paid (full price) I expected better customer service, if you are like me and appreciate that, stay somewhere else.
5	Where else would you need to stay? You're right in the middle of the strip, next to all the big name resorts with all the clubs or the place is roomy with a full kitchen (if that's what you opted for) and big enough to bring the party back to your room. I've stayed here twice and we make it a point to never stay anywhere twice, we love variety when we go to Vegas but this is it. Security is fantastic. No random people roaming your hotel, no key no entrance into the elevator. Your guests must be with you - a key holder. Gym and business centers worked well for my needs. Yes I worked out, no excuses...even in Vegas. I love the fact its attached to the Miracle Mile. Everything you need within walking distance, even a Walgreens for booze and whatever else you forgot at home.My view was better this time around. Higher floor thank goodness...a view into the parking structure sucked @ss. This room was also properly stocked with everything we needed so good jog guys!Love this place. I'd even consider getting a timeshare here as often as I see us staying here.
2	Our first impression of the hotel was good.  The lobby and rooms are modern and bright.  Having a separate bedroom was really nice and having the kitchenette saved money and made the mornings more enjoyable.  Having a 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby was really nice.  There is also access to the Planet Hollywood shops, including coffee and snacks, early in the morning.  The pool area is very nice, but only open until 6:00PM, which was way too early for us.  Perhaps the biggest problem was that there is almost no mobile phone service in the hotel.  Both AT&T and Verizon had no connectivity most of the time and when they did, they were Edge or slower.  The hotel charges for wifi, which seems ludicrous.  I paid for three days of wifi and it was terrible the entire time, so bad I had to leave the hotel to get any work done.  They did credit back the cost at check-out.  Finally, I asked for a later check out (normally at 10:00AM) and they gave me some long story about occupancy, but then told me I could extend my stay if I needed to stay later.  I went down to the desk and asked again and they gave us a noon checkout, but not without quite a bit of grief.  Don't lie to me, just tell me you won't do it.  While I enjoyed the stay, the pool and the lack of mobile/wifi access was disappointing.
5	I usually always stay at Elara and I've never had any issues. Clean, spacious rooms and conveniently located on the other side of Planet Hollywood. You can grab Earl's after your memorable/non-memorable night and walk across Miracle Mile to your room. WARNING: valet at Elara is $15!
5	People that know me know that I am a baller on a budget.  Hotels are just some place to lay my head after a night on the town.  As long as my room is clean, and safe I have no real issues.  I do know a good hotel when I see it and this one is an overall positive experience of 4.5 stars but I rounded up to 5 because I would love to stay at this place again.  It's clean, modern, sleek but no place inside the hotel to grab food with the exception of Starbucks late night.  Keeping it to the point with a list:-- Love the smell.  No nasty cigarette odor here.-- For the quality of room, big, clean, full kitchen, with washer and  dryer.--  24 hr security to go to the elevators to get up to the rooms.-- Super fast check in.  In and out in less than a few minutes.-- Complimentary wifi (decent speed).  Sorry I have to clarify and thank Susan N for bringing to my attention that it is only free if you are a owner, Gold, or Diamond member.  If not, then it is $9.95 a day.-- Rooms are excellent.  Furniture is modern, colors are warm, layout is classy.  Down feather bed with smooth cotton sheeting.  Equipped with black out shutters.  That's right...  with a push of a button you can actually black out the whole place.  On top of that they have a projector where you can watch the game on the shutters around 90".  Awesome!-- Some very nice soaps, shampoo, and moisturizer is provided not the cheap bar of soap that breaks apart when you take a shower you get at some places. -- Free business center where you can use computers, and print things for free. There was a downside to this.  Read things I didn't care for.-- Location is off the Strip.  Like people have said it is connected to Planet Hollywood and Miracle Mile Shopping Mall.  -- Guests can use the gym at no charge.  Things I didn't care for:-- Valet is $20 a day-- No restaurant open 24 hours except Starbucks-- When I used their computer to print out my tickets someone hacked my email and started spamming people in my contact list.  In the end, I would love to stay here again.
5	I found this Hotel on Hotwire.com.  With Hotwire you don't know where your room is going to be until after you book and pay for your room. I had never heard of Elara, but my goodness I am so glad that I did. This hotel is beautiful from the inside out. When I walked into my room, the automated window blinds automatically rolled up with a beautiful view.  When I turned the power on the tv it said welcome with my name on it. I was amazed because I was not expecting for the room to be as nice as it was.It's a very short walk from the strip, like no more than 5 minutes and very close to the Miracle Mile. I am very pleased with this hotel and definitely will be staying there again the next time I visit Las Vegas.  Thanks Elara for a great experience and stay.
5	What a BEAUTIFUL hotel!!!!  The views were amazing, and it VEEEEERRY close to the strip.  I really enjoyed that it had no casino inside...heck, it's Vegas, you can find a casino at the blink of an eye!  It's quiet and relaxing.  The 24 hour room service was nice, but 19% gratuity was already added in, kinda rude, AND the food was very mediocre.  Other than that, I loved every bit of my stay and WILL stay again :o))
2	I came here for 3 nights as part of the Hilton Grand Vacations promotion.  I had 3 nights at a great rate - but had to attend a 2-3 hour presentation to sell me on membership into Hilton Grand Vacations.  I can't speak to the value of the property, compared with other properties on the strip.There was a mix-up on the reservation - when I called to schedule went through several dates to secure a one bedroom suite.  When I arrived, I was put in a studio with no option to upgrade...this was very disappointing.The rooms are somewhat out dated with the Hilton recently taking over the property.  It was ok room...but did not create the sense that I wanted to buy into something in the building.  The hotel is located at the Planet Hollywood, but completely separate entrance thought the attached mall.  There is no restaurant and only a small  bar and a Starbucks in the lobby.  The pool was recently renovated and looked nice - but I didn't have a chance to use.In all honesty, I probably would not hurry back to this hotel.  It was ok...nothing horribly wrong...just nothing to rave about, given the other hotel options in Las Vegas.For those attending the Hilton Grand Vacation Presentation, I didn't have the same experience other people mentioned.  It is a one-time offer...no one calls or follows up with you.  The sales effort is very high pressure and of course there are so many details and different promotions.  I chose not to invest in the property...but it seemed like a good deal.
4	Stayed from April 4-7, and it was great for the most part!Positives:Room excellent, loved the projector ( movie theater style), kitchen fully equipped and nice space, 1 bedroom very nice size with an amazing spa tub (we had a great view from our room, and it was romantic seeing the city lights from the spa. The bathroom was nice. The room was very well decorated, and service was on the money, whatever we needed the staff was accommodating, and without delay. Security was on the ball, no access without your room key, and they enforced that which made us feel safe. Valet was good, at $15.00 per day, and we liked there process, just don't loose the valet ticket!. Starbucks is open 24 hours, and the club is attached to the shopping plaza and Planet Hollywood so eating was not a problem. The pool was decent, but not like Mandalay Bay (my fav)., still served its purpose. Good location on the strip! Easy check in process.Negatives:The business center needs to be updated. One of the printers was not working, the other did not work properly. There was  not a scanner available in the business center, and for a business person like myself, although vacationing, work still continues. The front desk staff assisted, however it would have been nice to have an actual updated business area. We did not park self parking, so can't comment on that, pool depth 3.5ft I believe (don't quote me), so/so, but my son enjoyed it!The timeshare presentation was excellent!
1	Well I booked my trip in December and it was a huge hassle. After being told that they had no availability on any Friday in the months of March or April- I had to negotiate and buy an extra night (on a Monday-how does that make sense) in order to get the room on Friday too! Then just to be safe I called today to confirm they had me for a two bedroom. Turns out our reservation agent made a mistake and only booked a one bedroom. Everyone is already to go we leave tomorrow but now they will call me back in 2-3 hours to let me know what they can do. Well I can certainly say that if this isn't fixed the presentation will be a waste because this would ruin our vacation! Be careful dealing with this groups they over promise!
5	I of my favorite place to stay when I'm in Vegas. The place is awesome. The hotel itself is very trendy and is located right in the middle of the strip. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. Each room here is very nicely designed  modern furniture. Service very good...very nice views. Highly recommend to stay here..
5	So my initial experience in this place wasn't good but as hospitable as the rest of the establishments team is I decided to go back and try it a second time (I didn't want to let my only experience here to be an unpleasant one). I believe in second chances and would have regret not going back and gaining a better experience from this great locale. My second day here was 180 degree turn around. The individuals I met visiting from other parts of the country were very engaging and open to conversations, I learned through them that the Hilton has really good timeshare packages. The staff was very energetic, maybe it is the coming summer season that lifts everyone's spirits up :-) The first time and my second time here I liked that the pool was not blocked by other hotels across the street. Which isn't the case in other pools I've been to on the strip. In many cases the towering hotels can obstruct all the sun from reaching you and giving you the luscious tan you want. That was not the case here, plenty of open sky and if you want a little shade you can always have a seat at the bar and enjoy the shade, drinks and fresh tacos. Did I forget to mention the DJ? The music was nice and added to the great experience I had here.I will definitely make this a location to go back to on the strip and am happy to have gone there a second time. It felt more personable, more comfortable to meet others and have a good time. Michael S. was very engaging with everyone at the bar and I was very pleased to have met him. I will be recommending this place to my friends and will bring some with me as well the next time around.
3	The place is nice BUT. We arrived on Thursday afternoon and fount dirty towels, gum wrappers, and coke bottles laying out side the doors of the suites next to us. They were still there when we left on Sunday. On Friday I bought a beer at the bar in the lobby and was walking into the pool area with it. You would have thought it was a bomb. The life guard/ security guy freaked out and I had to finish it before entering the pool area. Then I could buy the same beer at the pool bar. He also added that if I could read there was a sign by the door. I said I bought it from a Hilton bar at the same hotel what's the difference?  He said only drinks or food at the pool can come from that bar only. It would have been ok if I could have gotten a waitress to ever come over even when they would tell me they would be right back. If you wanted a drink you would have to go to the pool bar where one bartender was working and wait 49 mins in line. To bad the place is nice.
1	My vacation hasn't even begun and I am already so mad about how this property is being run.  I was at a bridal show and the Elara reps were offering a special deal in exchange for attending a timeshare presentation, so I booked the vacation seven months in advance and told them I would do the timeshare presentation on the Saturday with the assumption that I would be able to easily move it to a different day if it conflicted with some sort of future plans I might arrange.  Now, 2 months in advance, I asked if I could please move it to Sunday as my girl friends are planning an entire day of Bachelorette party festivities for us on Saturday.  My "marketing concierge" whom I was speaking with said he tried to switch the timeshare presentation but couldn't, so I asked to speak to a supervisor.  Just my luck that the supervisor was extremely rude and insisted that I could not change the time or day of my reservation because they had nothing else available and threatened me that I would be charged the full amount for the hotel stay for being uncooperative.  How is it possible to be cooperative when you are not getting what you are promised, no options, solutions or compromises, and really bad customer service?  I emailed them that their "details of participation states that: Reservation changes may be made 15 days or more prior to your confirmed check-in date for a change fee of $19.95. The key word is "may," meaning, I have the ability to make changes and I would be willing to pay the fee to make the change.  You are not given me any options for changes.  If you don't want to offer options for changes, I would suggest adding, "only if available" for which I would have then MADE SURE not to make the reservation until I made sure it didn't conflict with what my friends were planning for us.  Your company is violating its own policy and being extremely rigid. Why would I want to purchase a timeshare from a company that offers unconscionable terms from the get-go?  I am asking to go on Sunday, not the day of my arrival or departure.  Is there anyone else that I can please speak with?  Thank you."My question was not addressed in his reply and my problem was not solved:"Thank you for your inquiry.I do apologize, but changes can be made IF THERE IS AVAILABILTY.  I cannot move your tour if there is no openings.  As stated in ALL of my replies to your emails, I would check daily for you for any openings and notify you if I find/move anything earlier."I would suggest that they get one more person to give the presentation on Sunday, when I can go or allow me to do it on Monday since my flight home is not until 7pm!  What a way to start the vacation - having a tremendous 2 hour inconvenience to not just to me, but to 10 of my girlfriends who have planned a wonderful day for us!  Can't wait!
1	Awful. This past weekend was the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel. The staff was incredibly rude from our check in to check out. They were all very un-accomadating . On top of that . We got stuck in their elevator for 45 minutes with 15 people and they asked us to pay 300 dollars or check out and leave the property. Medical assistance was required for someone on the elevator and the man speaking to us on the intercom was rude, unresponsive, and unhelpful and did not send medical help in 2 minutes like he said he would. When we finally got off the elevator, not an single staff member asked if we were alright. They immediately started telling us how much we needed to pay because we damaged the elevator by jumping (something our group did not do) Management and security are very shady. I was told it was our fault for getting into an elevator that was over capacity. Sorry...I didn't know I had to count how many people are in an elevator before I get in. Also, they don't list their maximum occupancy on their elevators. Nobody at that hotel knew what they were doing. They don't treat anyone with respect. Never staying at this property ever again
1	WORST HOTEL EVER!We stayed here for my bachelorette party and my girlfriends got stuck in an elevator due to some random guys jumping up and down and breaking it. They did not know these guys. Hotel staff had intercom the elevator telling them help would be there in 20 minutes... After being stuck for 45 minutes to an hour, with one girl who fainted, the fire department helped everyone out. Yes, we all completely understand it is not the hotels fault the elevator broke and it was the idiot guys. But here is the kicker.....Once out of the elevator, the hotel staff was not apologetic or concerned for anyone's well being. They right away began telling each party in the elevator THAT THEY OWED THEM MONEY!!! Instead of addressing only the group responsible for breaking it, they made it everyone's problem. Note, the three parties in the elevator were not together or know each other. Since our group refused to pay for something they did not do, we were then kicked out of our room. Security escorted them to the room stood there and watched them pack, and escorted them off the property completely. The lack of concern from the hotel staff is very concerning. This could happen to anyone. You never know what idiots will be in your elevator. After such a traumatizing experience the hotel staff did not respond correctly at all. Our party deserves a refund for the night we weren't allowed to stay, at the least an apology!
1	Horrible management, horrible staff. everyone is rude and unhelpful. oh and my room smelled like poop the whole time. room 1818 . dont stay there.
3	First time here! :) So there's a bunch of pros and cons. Pros:-nice view. -nice pool-really nice projector. Cons:-TVs are lag so much -rooms are small for the price. -tv remotes don't work -we have two rooms but when the connecting door is open it's small. So Im iffy about coming back lol. If friends want to then yeah ill come..
4	Pros and cons about this place.  My husband booked this hotel for our spur of the moment trip. On arrival I was a bit turned off that there was no valet guy and I ended up getting lost trying to find someone to valet my car.. Until someone finally came out.. Pretty sure he must've been busy and short staffed. We checked in and went up to our room and I thought it was soooooo pretty and HUGE!!! I was amazed by the amount of TVS this room had. We had a jacuzzi next to our bed.. Bathrooms are huge. Huge kitchen with full sized fridge .. Nice island to eat and cook.. Huge living room with a wall to wall projector and a sofa that turn into a bed. This room screams out party time at the room lol. I was excited that the hotel is linked to the miracle mile shops.. Super convenient to have everything with just a short walk downstairs :)... Pool area is nice however  I didn't go in. 24/7 Starbucks. Yay. Cons: remotes kept lagging.. TV kept turning off.. The sound didn't work on the living room tv but was fixed pretty fast with a phone call to the hotel. The jacuzzi was awesome however I think it was not properly cleaned because there was some unusual debris and flakes when the tub filled. Kinda scary. Uhm.. Some lights weren't working. $15 daily valet fee.. And $10 daily wifi. No casino Other than that I enjoyed my time here. I really liked the hotel. Super fast customer service and room service. I would definitely come again. I already miss it. :/
1	UPDATED REVIEW IN RESPONSE TO JAKE L. (WITH  HILTON ELARA) COMMENT TO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:We are fully aware and understand why the elevator broke, and why money would need to be collected. However, had you watched the video of this incident you would see our group DID NOT JUMP and WAS NOT INVOLVED. It just so happened they ended up in this same elevator and were put through this awful situation and experience. Your staff said security had watched the video and that "everyone jumped" however, another person from your staff said no one saw the video yet and in order for them to screen it they would need a court order. We were KICKED OUT of our room for being at the wrong place at the wrong time. How could you think this is okay to kick a group of girls out of their room in the middle of the night for doing absolutely nothing wrong. You staff was rude and inconsiderate. Your security should had taken legal action against the group of guys that caused this and charged them the whole fee. We emailed the hotel manager and have not heard back for over a week! Don't come on Yelp and publicly apologize to try and save your image. Email us back and address our concerns in our email. We deserve a refund AND an apology. I would like to say that random group of immature guys in the elevator ruined our trip but in all honesty the way your staff handled the situation ruined our trip. Email us back and address our concerns. Take responsibility and admit your staff handled this poorly and you guys messed up. Everyone makes mistakes, how you handled those mistakes says a lot more about your character than the mistakes made. Make this right.
3	It is a nice hotel, nice room. I was super bummed when I called about a neighboring guests arguing and fighting at 5 AM that the hotel staff didn't do anything to "make it up". They did send security up promptly... I am a little sour since it was our first night away from our 4 small kids and I was really hoping to be able to sleep in for the first night in probably 5 years!!! So to pay that much and experience that and not even having them recognize the displeasure of that occurring, I was really bummed. But its a really nice room. Some of the other guests did seem a bit sketchy.
1	Third year in a row now with Elara, but much disappointment this trip.  Elara had a standard of service with us after the first two years that didn't seem to exist at all this time.  Checked in Easter Sunday and checked out Wednesday morning.  From the moment we walked into the hallway on the 29th floor, we noticed the change.  There was a huge food smear on the entrance way to our room that was disgusting to say the least.  It was never cleaned the whole time (right around shin level, about 8 inches in diameter).  Room automation was inoperable and we couldn't turn off any of the sofa lighting until midway through the 2nd day when an "engineer" came to our room and discovered it was unplugged inside the lighting unit.  Did he bother to check any of the other features or offer to check them; no sir, he just left after plugging it in.The once beautiful leather couch was full of food and trash; one only had to move a cushion to experience that wonderful sight.  Both chairs in the living were very unclean as well.  The chaise in the bedroom, which we loved, was missing from the room.  We don't vacation often enough to spend our time sitting in our room and calling in obvious discrepancies, so unfortunately, we let most of it go.  Unfortunately, we paid an extra $150/night for this upgrade and didn't get close to what we paid for....
4	This was my second trip to Vegas, my first being last year. I went with two girlfriends (mid 20's) for their first visit. We stayed at the Elara as I previously stayed at Planet Hollywood and loved the convenience of the location as well as the Miracle Mile Shops. Check in was a bit slow as we arrived around 2PM but had to wait in the lobby until 4PM. Granted, the check in time specifically states 4PM but I was comparing this to my experience at Planet Hollywood last year when we arrived at 10AM they were able to place us in a room right away. The hotel itself is nice, they were doing construction during the week I went but it wasn't too bothersome. The hotel is definitely safe and secure and the staff members were all courteous. The location on the strip is well worth it as you can walk outside and be right in the action. It was also extremely easy to get a taxi should you want to travel farther. All in all, I enjoyed my trip and will definitely keep Elara in my mind for the next booking
4	My recent stay at the elara, as a timeshare owner, was enjoyable.  The hotel is beautiful and I loved the fact that is doesn't have a casino. It's a quick walk to the Planet Hollywood casino.   The check-in process was easy and they had my room ready early. The room was comfortable but very sparsely decorated.  It felt a little minimalistic for my taste. It had a nice kitchenette with a toaster, which is something you don't see in hotel rooms very often. We spent day 2 at the pool. Its a beautiful pool area with lots of shade and sun all day. I had reserved a cabana over the phone and my reservation was easily found to my relief. The pool staff is friendly,  but they lack professionalism and they are not great communicators.  They act very laid back and don't seem to move with any urgency. Our cabana waitress never told us her name and, at one point, disappeared for a couple hours. We tracked down another waitress to order and she was not happy about having to take our order. The cabanas do not have curtains or dividers so you and your neighbors are all very close with no privacy at all. Also, the pricing for the cabanas is different if you are an owner (half price!) But I only found that out because I happened to ask about the cabanas upstairs. Another negative is that lounge chairs are not included with the cabanas so you may not get them unless you show up early. The staff throughout the rest of the hotel were great, and our stay was really nice overall. I would definitely stay again.
3	There once was a place called PH Towers. It was featured in the movie "Queen of Versallies" because of it's affiliation with Westgate Resorts. Since then it was either sold or bought out by Hilton (go figure). In all honesty nothing has really changed. They did very little to remodel the place, but why would you? It kind of blended well with the whole Planet Hollywood theme so why screw up a good thing? BTW -watch the documentary. It's pretty awesome.Some things I've noticed:-Large rooms. Well, large enough. I like that they have a full kitchen and expansive living room area. The projector screen kind of sucks though.-Room attendants? Non existent. I think they're smart and know that a bunch of people come here to book bachelor and bachelorette parties.-Hard to get someone to bring you towels or extra toiletries. Again, I think it has to do with the fact that they know we're kind of abusing the system. Let's be honest! 20+ people + 2 bedroom suite + two bathrooms = no bueno -Comfy. The beds and couches are soooo comfortable. The floor isn't too bad either. What? Stop lying to yourself because I know you've had a couple crazy nights in Vegas...-Complimentary gym? Check-Starbucks? Check-Miracle Mile shops? Check-Short walk to the casino? Check-Bar? CheckAll in all... The Elara isn't bad. It's at a prime spot on the Strip. Is it my first choice? Not really, but with sooooo many properties the choices are endless!
5	O......M......GThis place was amazing.  When we checked in they were out of the room we booked so we upgraded...and boy were we UPGRADED! Jet spa tub in the bedroom and just an amazing spread altogether. I was sad we only had two nights there! When we walked into the room, the shades on the glass windows rose up revealing an AMAZING view of the strip. I can't say one bad thing about this place. The pool staff was friendly, the bartender was amazing, the housekeeping was thorough and polite, and the front desk staff cannot get enough praises from me! The ambassador originally from San Diego- you are awesome, and way to make a guest feel welcome from the first moment! I will be returning!
5	We stayed there last September and the Elara is wonderful. We had a 2 bedroom king suite and when we walked in it was just the coolest place that made our stay in Vegas that much better. I'm a Diamond member w Hilton and stayed at the other HGV location which didn't seem much better than a Hampton Inn as far as the room was. At the Elara I wasn't aloud to do the tour because we had stayed at the other HGV within the past 6 months.  I hope to visit the Elara again this year for the HGV deal again. The view, decorating, the giant giant tv, the bathrooms....just an awesome place. I believe we were in a suite that had just been upgraded. Regardless the Elara is beautiful and right in the middle of everything in Vegas w quick access to the shops and places to dine. Great experience and I hope to be able to do the tour of the Elara this year. The tour and presentation we did at the other, not as nice, location was ok but the sales rep acted mad at me because I wanted a few days to talk it over w my wife which we weren't aloud to do.
5	Overall excellent stay, the lack of the 5th star is just for the interiors which need an update in the rooms and corridors. The Lobby is well done. Check in was quick and they allowed me in early. The room is so well appointed with amenities and sheer size that I quickly forgot about the interiors...in fact I just changed my rating to 5 stars since I work in the Hospitality Design industry so I am a bit more critical than most. The staff were all friendly and Security was good. I would definitely stay here with my kids as the space and kitchen would be great for families. I did request a low floorclose to the elevator but didn't get either which is ok since they let me in early with what was available. I will definitely stay there again.
2	The room was large and fairly nice, although the blood spot on my sheets was kind of a turn off. Wi-Fi was absolutely terrible, wouldn't even stay connected. The TV only worked about half the time, and the walls were so thin that I felt like I was partying with the teenagers in the room next to me; to the extent that I opted to go back to the casino hoping it would be quieter. It's attached to the Miracle Mile shops which was nice.
3	Great Hotel. Really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere. Only one issue. There was a guy loading taxis at 3:30am who said I looked like a pussy, for no reason, and that he wasn't getting me a cab cause he didn't want to and it was his driveway. Seems weird that the owner of the Elara would be loading cabs at 3:30 in the morning. I told him this, he did not enjoy it. I think maybe no one told him he was a doorman? Anyway great experience except for him. Just make sure you show him or management this review, so maybe he can drive cabs like he's meant to instead of load them.
2	Not very happy this time with the Elara. Ended up on the 6th floor, in a tiny @$$ room. The Elara is my go to when I stay in Vegas however might have to rethink it if this happens again. I booked way ahead in advance they gave me this BS excuse that it was sold-out. When you spend $189/nt you expect a MUCH BETTER ROOM! Silver lining, I got my water bottles for being a Hilton Honors member...
1	First time using this property. Checked in early and asked if we can get early check in. The lady at the front desk said they are in the process of cleaning our room on the 55th floor. She asked if we would possibly like to go on the 9th. I said sure, then she told me it was unavailable.  OK so we opt to wait for our original room on the 55th floor. She said it will take an hour or so for the room to be done and they will give us a call. So couple of hours go by and I call and they told me my room isn't ready yet. Around 3 o'clock they give me a call and tell me the room is done. So I walk back and ask for my room key and they tell me I'm on the 23rd. Floor. I tell the receptionist that they told me 55th floor. He said those are all booked and they are premium rooms. So why would the young Latino lady tell me 55th, then offer me the 9th which the gentleman told me that floor is no good. So I came to a conclusion that my room was given to someone else and I waited almost 5+ hrs. To top it off I come into the room and the dish washer is running. Front desk told me it will shut off in 2mins. It's been over 15min. Wtf. This place will never get my business again. No integrity what so ever!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with my experience at the Elara. I had never stayed here before, so i wasn't sure what to expect. The suite I had was pretty sweet. Great view of the Paris Hotel, Bellagio Fountains, and so forth. There was PLENTY of space and the amenities including a full kitchenette were great.The best part of the "surprise" was how convenient this hotel is located. First of all, they advertise being connected to the Planet Hollywood, and that was great. You walk through the Magic Mile Mall, or whatever it's called. The self-park is also connected to that and it gives you great access to the PH casino and all. Not only that, exiting through the mall and/or the PH casino is just a great location to be at. I mean, it's literally right across from Aria and Cosmopolitan, which made for an awesome area to be in.Luckily I'm Hilton Diamond and I was paying with points, otherwise it's probably not as great a deal as you might expect in Vegas. 75k points per night is definitely too high. The prices all around Vegas were high the weekend I was there, due to the long weekend. Still overall, I think Hilton Diamond has deteriorated to garbage status for the most part, but that's a different discussion.Perks they should include as most Hiltons do is free breakfast for Diamonds and so forth. None of that was available here. I also still had to pay a ridiculous resort fee and all that.Anyway, if the points were lower, I would stay here again just with the location being pretty sweet.
5	My girlfriends and I spent our three day weekend during spring break here and also in lieu of my best friend's birthday celebration. We booked the junior suite which was a decent split between us college students. Our suite, I believe was on the 23rd floor viewing the Paris eiffel tower and the mini Notre Dome monument. It came with a furnished kitchen with utensils, plates, a microwave, a dishwasher, and a sink. A spacious bathroom with a separate bathroom ( thank gosh!), sink, makeup mirror, and a shower head linked to the king-sized bedroom. The living room came with a flat screen television with a foldable king-sized couch. On one night, we even managed to squeeze eight more of our friends in the living room. Room service was very fast and sweet. They gave us plenty of pillows and towels. Even room service called up the next morning to ask if we wanted room service and they are willing to wait for us to get ready. The best part about my stay here is the location of this hotel. This is my first time booking a hotel on my own especially with more than just one person. Elara is one of the cleanest and comfortable stay I experienced with the Hiltons. It is located inside Miracle Miles mall and linked with Planet Hollywood. I highly recommend parking in the mall's parking structure near level 3A, that's where the entrance is at. It's true that check out is at 10 am for you drunkards but I didn't have any complaints since I was satisfied with my peach slurrrpiee from fat tuesday and I'm ready to hit the buffets for lunch! Cheers ~
1	We checked in about two hours ago & called 40 mins in to let them know the AC in our room is down not to mention the fridge is messed up also. They insisted an engineer would come to "look at it". Also, the lady at the front desk specifically stated we would be able to access the wifi from our room. I stated it only popped up on our phones in the lobby. She stated that I should call some number and they can redirect us to get it done manually. We requested to change rooms. They stated they're completely booked this weekend. Hah, funny..... Because we just checked to book another room and it allowed us. HORRIBLE customer service. First time staying here & most likely the last. Waste of time sitting around waiting for someone to come as well as wasting time speaking to useless reps.Aside from all this, we also found dirty used dishes stowed away in the cabinet.  They were hidden as if guests were to look past them and not notice.  Totally disappointing.  I have been looking forward to staying at this hotel for a while now.
5	Top location, right in the center of things. Wifi in room is bad and charges apply too. Starbucks has free wifi in the lobby. Suites are a great alternative to a hotel, with a small worktop including, sink, microwave/grill, coffee machine and toaster. Dishwasher and fridge too! Walgreens close by to stock up on all sorts.
1	Horrible customer service.  Dirty room.  No cell phone service.Checked in at 4PM on a Friday.  Was told that we would get upgraded to a room with a view of the Las Vegas Strip.  More on this later.  That was a breeze.  Someone checks your room card to make sure you are a guest.  This makes the stay fancy, but sometimes there is a long line during busy times.The room seemed nice.  View of the Las Vegas Strip I mentioned earlier?  Yeah.  I guess the hotel thinks looking down on the parking garage is a view of the Strip.  After unpacking, we noticed it was super hot in the bedroom.  The A/C was broken or something.  I closed the vent in the living room to re-direct all the air into the room.  Still nothing.  Put down the window shutter and that didn't help.  Mind you, it's a good 105 degrees outside with the sun beaming in.  We called and they said they'd said an engineer would come in.  Waited an hour and got fed up.  Went downstairs.  Had to wait in the long line.  Front desk just said they'll send up an engineer.  We go back up and we got a message about an engineer being there.  We called again and they'd send the engineer up again.  This took another 30 minutes.Engineer tinkered with something.  The room was still hot.  We called the front desk for a new room and they said they don't have any vacancies.  Oh really?  While waiting in the line to talk to the front desk, I checked the website and there were vacancies for all the rooms.  Hmm.  And cell phone service only exists downstairs.  Good luck trying to make a phone call or getting any important calls in your room.  Not happening at all.  Front desk said they can hook up the Internet manually since it's not showing up on the devices we wanted to connect to.  We just said forget about it.  What if we decided to pay $10/day or $20 for 3-days of Internet and it doesn't even work.  Then what?The fridge was horrible.  It was not cooling anything at all.  Engineer said he'll see what he can do.  Never heard from him again.The dishes in the cupboard?  Dirty.  The dish I pulled out was probably the only dirty one right?  Nope.  Few of them were.  Even the cups.  Yuck.  I'll post pictures of that.  It makes you want to rethink why they have checkout at 10AM to ensure that they clean everything thoroughly when it's just dirty.Also, there was some person banging on our door at 7 in the evening.Horrible customer service.  Probably the first and last time staying here.  Heard good things about this hotel and that is why we stayed here.  Otherwise, after a horrible experience, will just go elsewhere.
5	We stayed for a long weekend while attending a Billy Joel concert across the street at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. First time as timeshare owners at this property. We both really loved it. Room on 52nd floor had a spectacular view, full kitchen, great shower after being in the heat. Enjoyed a full day at the pool - as owners we got to use the cabanas on the upper level, $150 min for food and drink. The food was above average for poolside fare. Staff were friendly, courteous. Will go again.
3	Can't eat or drink in the lobby unless you buy from them; only unopened bottled allowed drinks at pool... VEGAS has been truly accommodating but NOT this hotel.  Ice machines are only on the 5th & 50th floor...they have like 60 floors! I'm used to resorts where I feel like it's my home away from home & truly welcomed...not here. Nice room & staff though. Won't be back here.
4	I loved my room (spacious, high tech, the jacuzzi was gigantic and the kitchen was nice)  and the staff was very nice and they gave us a late checkout after a bit of a protest. I was also really glad that they allowed me to move my presentation to another day.  The presentation wasn't that bad at all.  The presenter was really nice and put me in a cheerful mood after I had woken up with little sleep and a night of partying in Vegas.  I also really like that the hotel was connected to a mall and very close to the new High Roller.
4	My bf and I stayed here for 4 nights this hotel is beautiful with gorgeous. We always stay at the Venetian anytime we are in Vegas but this time we wanted to try something different and this place was awesome the staff let us check in early the view of the Eiffel Tower was gorgeous from your room and living room. This hotel is in the middle of everything. We will be booking this hotel again oh and there are no hidden resort fees that's a plus in my book :-)
4	This hotel was so nice and very affordable. It's great for large groups. There's plenty of space for everyone to sleep comfortably. The room is basically like an apartment if you at least get a 1-bedroom suite. Its very clean and in a great location. It's located right inside the Miracle Miles shops and center strip which is my favorite spot on the strip. There's earl's and fat tuesday right there and marquee across the street.
1	Horrible customer service !!! Don't tell guests that they can check in early to make them wait until 4pm to get the room!! So stupid !!
5	We were in town on business and decided to book our stay here because we have a Hilton Rewards account. We couldn't have been happier. When we arrived we were offered a room upgrade for almost no charge. The room was HUGE (over 1.400 square feet). It had a jacuzzi, a washer-dryer and a projection screen which turned an entire wall into your TV! Just an awesome experience!
4	Stayed here during my visit to Las Vegas for EDC weekend. I absolutely loved this hotel! We booked it through the owner, so our experience was a bit different (didn't get house keeping every day). Stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was absolutely gorgeous! Great view and plentyyy of room.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They have to swipe your hotel key at all times in order to access the elevators and pool area. Sooo make sure you have your key on you! There's a Starbucks in the lobby, which was extremely convenient due to my lack of sleep during my stay in Vegas. There's also a mall connected to the hotel..which also connects to Planet Hollywood. Veryyy nice! Great stores! The pool was pretty nice too - not your crazy Vegas pool party spots - which allowed a bit of relaxation.The location was also perfect. Right on the strip and close to everywhere we wanted to visit. ONLY issue was there was absolutely no cell signal!! Luckily we had free wifi (not sure if they offer that to everyone or because we booked through the owner?). I have AT&T and my cell service sucked there. Other than that...it was a great stay!
1	We stayed at the Elara for a relaxing holiday weekend. The terrible customer service from the hotel made it anything but that. I am not the type of person to complain but everyone was nothing but rude or uninterested in the simplest of requests. The ice machine wasn't working and we got attitude when we asked where else we could get ice (they only have two ice machines for over 50 floors of rooms), we asked for a complimentary razor at the from desk and they reacted like it was a chore, we had a shared door with the room next to us that had a screaming baby and they didn't want to go through the effort of moving us to a room where we could get a nights sleep, they failed to clean our room after we went to the front desk and asked for it to be cleaned as well as calling down two hours later when it wasn't taken care of...they finally responded with sending new bedding in a garbage bag. We spoke with John Obiniana, the manager, about our repeated poor service and he responded with saying there was nothing he could do and had an overall rude and uncaring tone and response to anything we discussed. The rooms in this hotel are very nice and the location is perfect for the money but I have never stayed in a hotel with this poor of customer service and unhelpful staff. After this experience, I would recommend avoiding this hotel. A vacation getaway doesn't need this much grief in order to get the most basic of hotel service.
4	Hotel beautiful. Spacious. Amazing the amount of space and amenities the room had (Like a projector in the common area). Next time I would bring more of my own food and just cook in the room with the full kitchen. The only downfall for the hotel was that the pool was only 3 ft all around.  The staff was friendly and helpful. DEF would stay again. And it was in a great location right in the mall and walking distance from everthing.
1	Update: John Obiniana(hotel manager) told us he couldn't move us to a clean room after failing to clean ours as they were at full occupancy. We did our research and not only were there occupancies but they were offering a free upgrade to anyone making a new reservation for the evening. Disgusted with being lied to by the hotel manager.
5	Great hotel!! Great staff! Great location. Had stayed here for 2 nights and it was not long enough. The room was so comfortable and easily accessible to Miracle Mile and Planet Hollywood. Will definately be returning.
4	Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. It was clean and furnished beautifully. There was a hot tub in the room, a projector and a screen that covered the window (although we weren't sure how it was supposed to work) and a washing machine/dryer in one, which was very convenient. The view outside the window wasn't spectacular b/c we faced the parking lot of another hotel. Swimming pool in the lobby is small and crowded but there's complimentary towel service which was nice. Lobby had tons of couches and TVs, perfect for world cup season and a 24 hour Starbucks for coffee addicts like myself.The hotel is connected with miracle mile shops and located next to several other hotels where we ventured for food and shows, the Aria (Cirque du Soleil-Zarakana) and the Cosmopolitan (Wicked Spoon). The Elara is a great place to stay if you want to explore the strip because you're right in the center of everything.Overall, very pleased with my experience here and would gladly return in the future!
5	Stayed here for our Vegas-cation this weekend, amazing rooms, super great staff. Check it out sometime!
5	Loved our stay! The room was great! The beds were incredible with huge comfortable pillows, just what is needed after a long night out in Vegas!! Pool was clean with great music and friendly staff. Even though there was no casino on property it was a quick walk through the mall (which I loved) over to Planet Hollywood.  Along the way there are multiple food options as well. Also, the Starbucks inside the hotel is open 24 hours for your caffeine fix at anytime. This has become my new place to stay in Vegas! The walls are thick enough I don't hear anything above or next door, the modern comfortable rooms, and convenience to strip and other casinos.
4	Location:This is one of the hidden Hilton Vacation gems in Las Vegas, it is located centrally on the strip. Parking:The hotel shares its parking with Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino and with Miracle Mile Shopping. The lobby from the hotel is not very far compared to Hilton Vacation at Flamingo. Check my review on Yelp.Pool:Pool is located on the same floor as the lobby. You can't missed it when entering the property. It is a good size pool but the hotel does not have the real estate to have a grander pool such as Mandalay Bay (has lazy river and wave pool), Flamingo, Caesars, Mirage, and others. But it was sufficient. Check In/Out:Check in early is allowed if the room is ready. You will need to check in at the front desk to know if there is a room for you. Check in time is at 4pm with check out 10am. One bad thing about Hilton Vacation Homes is that the check-out is set with no ability for late checkouts even if you are a HV member of the Hilton Honors.Room:I stayed in room 3219, which was a one bedroom suite. The room was decorated with modern furnishing and it was very nice. The desk in the room however need more electrical outlets. People tend to charge and work from the desk. Having only two electrical outlets (used by desk lamp and clock) leaves nothing for the guest to use.  Other than that, everything was good. I would stay here again.
1	I hope that Stephen Arent Assistant General Manager does look into this incident.FYI we didnt get our room until past 5PM! So why wasnt my room ready at 4pm when thats check in time? I spoke with John Ryan who was the manager that day and was NO HELP at all. HE KEPT Promising times it would be done. First it was 4pm then 4:30, then in 10mins, then 15mins. Honestly, it didnt even look like he cared! SO ELARA GETS A BIG FAT ZERO STAR in my book!!!!!
3	Came BC I'm a Hilton diamond member. Was offered the room to see there presentation. Its very modern yet kinda small studio. The suite is nice with a big jet tub. Center strip
1	Dosn't even deserve one star!!!!! Worst customer service ever! We arrived a bit earlier before the checking, and the receptionist extremely rude turned us down. We finally go the room and we had to call maintenance to take out trash and fix the fridge.The next day, house keeping did a terrible job! No toilet paper no towels and only 1 bed made of the 3! On our way out of room, the maid came in and told us we had to an excessive cleaning fee for some confetti we left on the floor. our experience was terrible! Management had no intentions of helping or making us feel welcomed!Do not come to this hotel!!!
2	First impression was really bad, 30 min to check in with a short line. Didn't offer us same swag as others checking in ( water, coupons, maps ). First room reeked of burnt cooking oil or something and had to get another room. No free Wifi even though we were there for a timeshare presentation. So much for putting your best foot forward. Room was good size with nice amenities but decor was 80's porn star chic... If you're into that. Nice pool, mostly shady because of neighboring buildings. No restaurant but connected to a mall with shopping and fast eats.
5	Came here on a 4 day 3 night package deal that was incredibly affordable with the mandatory Timeshare PresentationSix of us got a banging two-bedroom suite equipped with Jacuzzi, washer/dryer, projector, full-sized kitchen, king-sized beds, and a decent view - We were on the 14th floor facing an empty parking lot but still, we weren't in the hotel room for most of the trip.Pros: -BEST deal ever.  Our room was inexpensive, spacious, and overall very comfortable-Large pool downstairs-Awesome Housekeeping - Asked for a bunch of stuff and they readily obliged (extra towels, blankets, etc.). -Short timeshare presentation (we didn't exactly have the finances for it so our sales lady, Wendi, let us leave to enjoy ourselves earlier, yay~)-Early Check-in and Extended check-out by an hourTips:-If you want a little extra, remember to GIVE a little extra! You're on vacation; I'm sure you can afford to give away some change money-Earlier Check-in available on a first-come first-serve basis-Free luggage storage available for early arrivals or late flights - a real added convenience!Thank you for a pleasant and wonderful stay!
4	Great location and beautiful property. Customer service during check in was on point. Friendly and very helpful. I had 2 rooms right next to each other for a BDay getaway. They were spacious, the view was lovely, and it fit 4 per room comfortably. After getting settled in, my girlfriends and I had a drink at the bar. The staff was wonderful and attentive. Their service was perfect. Mr. Salimi was a joy to converse with and made our stay very welcoming. I must add, the pool layout is delightful and of course refreshing to take a dip in. I would definitely recommend Elara to family and friends.
5	We decided to try priceline to book our hotel in Vegas, afterall, you go there to gamble right? We put in our rate and requested a 4  1/2 star hotel property and ended up at the Elara. At first I was a bit disappointed (only because when you go to Vegas you think to stay somewhere like the Cosmo or another big named hotel on the strip, etc), but when we arrived into Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is located in a fantastic area on the strip - right next to Planet Hollywood, in fact, it's connected to the Miracle Mile Shops! The hotel's parking is a little bit of a pain because it's shared with the Miracle Mile Shops, so you might end up driving around for a while to find a spot, but they do have valet. The hotel itself is a smoke-free environment, no casino onsite, but there are so many within walking distance and Planet Hollywood is basically adjacent to the hotel through the Shops. The checkin process was a breeze and the staff was very helpful. They have a great looking pool right outside the lobby area which was packed when we arrived. The rooms are clean, imagine the Cosmo interior, minus all the flat screens. They are spacious - so we had a standard room on the 8th floor, and it had a king bed, couch with small sitting area, small kitchen area (with a microwave, fridge, sink, and all the items you would need to dine with. The bathrooms were roomy (it was nice because the toilet is separated with a door, so someone can take a shower, while someone uses the toilet). Overall, the room was great, the hotel was great and the location can't be beat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, clean centrally located stay without having to walk through miles of casino to get to your hotel elevator. This is great for families, couples and singles. The location alone cannot be beat.
1	At first, everything seemed great but when a problem arose and we needed help, THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE! We booked a cabana and yet, we would wait at least 30 minutes before we would see our cabana waitress. She wouldn't check in with us and we had to track her down to get her attention. We spent about $1500 at the pool and the service was terrible. On top of this, a bachelorette party was going on and the bachelorette was so intoxicated she took her swimsuit bottoms off in the pool but security was nowhere to be found. I went to the front desk to complain about it and the manager on duty said they would review the security cameras, but that was all they could do. They offered to send up a bottle of champagne to my room for "my troubles." HIGHLY INSULTING. Seems like this hotel is aiming to be trendy and cool at the expense of their reputation. Families who own Hilton timeshares should stay away. This is not a family friendly place.
1	My group of friends and  I have an annual summer trip to Vegas, and we always stayed at this hotel (back in the day when it was Planet Hollywood Towers).  Ever since they switched over to the Elara, we did not enjoy our last experience there.  They have a ridiculous policy where you have to show your room key 24/7 to access the elevator.  And to add on top of that, each key only allows 2 people in at a time.  This is such an inconvenience, especially for a large group where everyone doesn't want to bring their key.The housekeeping and room service quality has went down a lot since switching to Elara.  Upon our arrival, the kitchen counter and table was not spotless and the floors looked like it wasn't thoroughly vacuumed.  We did not bother asking for a room switch, because we arrived fairly late in the night.  At one point during our stay, our dryer unit was broken so we called to get it fixed.  Finally after a 2+ hour wait, the engineer finally came to fix it.  And lastly, we called the front desk to request for extra towels one morning.  3 hours went by, and we did not get our towels.  Luckily, housekeeping was in the hallway and we ended up grabbing some from them.This is a very disappointing hotel and we will not be returning!
5	Just stayed at the elara for electric daisy carnival this past weekend.. Besides from the amazing time we had at the speedway! To top it off, Half the fun was our amazing room!  It was fully functional.. State of the art, spacious.. And man was the service fantastic!  Jolie I'm looking at you! You gave us some of the best service we have ever received! Thank you so much, we look forward to seeing you again, ya darn tootin'.... Btw, I'm calling soon to find out what beds you carry! Cause man those things are comfy!
4	Went to Vegas for the first time in April for a wedding. I stayed here for a week and it was a great stay! I did a lot of research to find a one bedroom suite that wasn't rediculous lay priced and this was it. Awesome large rooms with full kitchen, washer/dryer, TVs in every room (5 total, including a projector on the blackout shade) King size bed, large shower. Huge sleeper sofa. Huge whirlpool hot tub in the bedroom. Everyone that we went to Vegas with was jealous of our room/hotel. Views were good, not spectacular because we were looking partially at the back of PH and the parking garage but in the distance you could see much more. The other side was MGM and the airport. The location was awesome being so central and close to all the action. It may not have it's own casino attached but the hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops and PH which I thought was even better than only a casino. The pool was nice, but not the best. It wasn't huge but you could always find a place to sit and swim.  If you want awesome pools check out MGM. In the end I had a great stay and would go back to the Elara. Don't forget to ask for a room upgrade with a $$ sandwhich, can't hurt!
5	I have stayed here a few times now. The parking is easy to get to, it i conveniently located just off the strip so you can get into and out of it easily but if you needed to hit the strip, it is just right outside the hotel. We loved that it had a mall attached and you could walk a few minutes to the planet hollywood casino. The pool and bar area were great too. I have always had a great stay here. Just make sure to ask them if there is a desk in the room. The first time I came, I had no desk to work at and I was there on business.
5	Staff wonderful. Poolside customer service and front desk went above and beyond for me.
5	Beautiful hotel! The pool was fantastic and the rooms are clean and stylish. A thing to think about when staying here is breakfast. You're choices are room service, Starbucks, or restaurants in the Miracle Mile Mall. I've been eating at the Earl of Sandwich in the MMM and it's been working well but a cafe would be great. I have noticed, however, that Vegas is not a city of early risers.(haha go figure) I've spent most of my time at the pool and the bar and I've had a great time.
4	After 4 separate stays here I guess it's time for a review.  The 1 bedroom suites are fantastic.  Living room with sofa bed.  4 tvs.  Jacuzzi tub.  Modern.  Clean.  Comfortable.  Full size fridge, stove, microwave and washer/drier.The location is great.  Attached to the Miracle Mile shops and only a short (indoor) walk away from the Strip.  Free parking attached to the hotel so don't pay $15/day for valet.The pool is underwhelming.  3.5 deep max.  Small for a Vegas pool.  However, it's not crowded with drunk muscle heads and silicon floozies so that's a plus, especially if you're here with kids.  Has cabanas but we didn't bother.  2 hours and you're ready for a new activity anyway.Be aware this is a timeshare property so they'll be hunting you down for their presentation.  They even called my room.  My current stay is $240 a night so I wasn't pleased to have a sales call invading my privacy.  The staff is friendly overall.  The security that cards you to get to the elevators has always been exceptionally kind. The valets are great.  Strangely, though, the front desk has been cold and unfriendly each and every visit over the past few years.  I think management needs to slap some customer service into those people quite frankly.  This is a fairly expensive Hilton property and guests should be greeted as such.Overall this property is a great place to stay in Vegas (and I've stayed at many hotels on the Strip).  Great for business and great for family (unless you're really looking for a pool experience).
1	The service is terrible, they can't even tell us when the room will be available.  They tell us 4pm on a Friday.  We come back at 4pm, now they can't figure out when the room is ready.  They tell us to leave and walk back at 5pm hoping the room is ready.  With no guarantee.   Service is flat out terrible.  Don't stay here!
3	I adore the retro glam 1 bedroom suites, here!  And, the pool ROCKS!  I regret that I cannot give 5 stars anymore, however.  There cleaning standards have deteriorated.  The hallways edges are really in need of deep cleaning and the cleaning crew is rushing tio fast.  While the units are clean there are details missed (i.e. Streaks on the stainless steel appliances, etc... Pity, that.  Also, the gym has fallen into disrepair.  Pleassssse take care.  The devil is in the details.  And, regulars (like us) want the bloom back on the rose.
3	We stayed here this last weekend. We got to the hotel and vallet was full. They had reached their limit and we had to go find our own parking. :(Checking in was fast and the ladies who welcomed us was sweet and helpful. There rooms are plush and very clean.  I loved our room. . We stayed at the one bedroom suite. My husband and I booked several shows and one of the huge inconvenience was there Taxi unavailability we waited all three times for over 30 minutes for a cab.My overall experience was not great and I really don't know if I would stay here again. Their Parking situation is a mess, and so hard to catch a cab..
1	Avoid!!! at all cost this place doesn't have adequate parking. And your car may likely be broken into or stolen. The staff are unhelpful and only will help you if you tip them.
1	We came to this fine establishment due to a time share gimmick that sounded great over the phone. I figured hey it's a Hilton, I should have a wonderful experience for my birthday! Wrong!  Can you hear the sound of the gong going off? Well I did! We were courteously greeted at the counter and we're welcomed with a wonderful bag that included 2 free bottles of water! Anyway moving past that we had to give our card keys to the elevator attendant when we wanted to go up to our rooms. I get it ! Safety is our number 1 priority!  But when there were several of my peeps from South Central Los Angeles staying at this fine establishment, I felt really safe! Once we got up to our room it looked nice from afar. I had some books I brought to read and decided to place them on the side table and dust came flying off! Ok small detail. Then noticed walls were dirty, the place card on the bed was stained and had lipstick. As I proceeded to go to the bathroom the panel on the side of the bathroom was falling off. I must add that it was nicely stocked with soap and shampoo and the water pressure was good. Later in the afternoon we came back to our room after a long day of walking. We noticed we had next door neighbors. We went to dinner and got back to our room late. The party next door went on for a couple of hours. We waited an hour before calling the front desk to see if the noise level would decrease but it didn't.  I know it's Vegas and people are expected to party but be a bit more considerate. It was 1 in the morning. We called the front desk to let them know what was happening and assured me that they take these matters seriously.  Well the party continued for another hour. We had to bear it because we had no other choice. I did ask if we can have a different room and they said that we didn't have to move. Needles to say the next night wasn't any better. We did not get to go to the pool because it was always packed. I know it's summer but there weren't enough lounge chairs available any of the times we wanted to go to the pool. I honestly expected a lot more from Hilton but I was truly disappointed in the quality of our room. If you are trying to gain potential time sharers then your rooms should reflect that.
1	2ND TIME IN A ROW. Same experience!The property is fine, no real issues other then water that is so soft it makes you feel slimy when you're taking a shower, and the walls are very thin. You can hear everything next to you and down the hall. The biggest issue is that everyone is incompetent. Valet, no attendant. Check in process, slow and the people don't listen. If you happen to need something, like your room made up, or your sink fixed, don't expect anyone to follow through. And if you have other issues, as we did, don't expect the management to resolve them, but they will say they are sorry.Lastly, nothing makes me want to buy a Hilton timeshare more, then getting a phone call solicitation at 8am, and then another one at 9am after you already told them no, and you went to bed at 4am.
4	A beautiful resort with so much potential but marred by lack of upkeep of the place. Was there with family and two of the rooms' shades were broke and had to have engineers come and work on it. The employees are nice enough. But overall a positive experience.
5	What can I say.  Room: Best room in Vegas.  I am a club owner and was able to use the 4 bedroom suite with me and my 7 buddies for a long weekend.  Room was sick.  4 bedrooms, 4 showers, Flat screens in every room, kitchen, big screen projector, jacuzzi tubes, sound system, and unbelievable view.  It is attached to the Planet hollywood mile so be prepare to have numerous options for food and shopping.  Parking: Had a rent-a-car, self parking was easy, wish they didn't charge $15 for valet. Played golf out at desert breezy, valet had an Expedition in 5 minutes for us to ride out.Service: We broke a sink, they were in the room in 30 minutes.  We broke a light they were in the room in 30 minutes.  We blew a speaker they fixed it in 30 minutes.  Needed towels and garbage bags 30 minutes.  You are not the only person in a 1000 room hotel.  30 minutes is ridiculously fast.  They make you swipe your room key to get to the elevators(safety); My buddy didn't have his, they escorted him up for my protection.  No riff raf getting in.  Anyone complaining about this place does not know how to talk and interact in a professional manner because that is what you are dealing with when you stay at the Elara.  Our asses partied all night, its vegas that what you do.  Cudoes to the Elara for taking care of and protecting us all at once while allowing us to have a good time.  The pool:  It's not small, its exclusive.  If you stay there you can use it.  Got a day bed and chairs with a $125 minimum and the service was great.  Went to encore beach club same thing was $1300 and never saw the waitress once she drop off the bottle. Ask for my girl Jodie at check in and make sure you see Randi she has the hook ups for you.  All in all, myself and my seven buddies agree its was the funnest weekend of our lives.  Thank you Elara.
3	I'm a timeshare owner. The rooms are excellent, service is terrible. I spent ALOT of money for this place and yes, it's beautiful but I do wish that the service was much better. Don't ask for anything extra that's for sure. They never once checked on me. I asked for late check out and they said it was another $245 to 4pm. It's just outrageous to me that as an owner, there's not better service. We ended up renting another room down the street at a different hotel since our flight wasn't until late evening and I sure wasnt going to pay $245 for another few hours!!!  And that $245 was supposedly a discounted rate. I didnt ask to rent out my entire 2 bedroom suite. I just needed a room to wait until my flight.  As an owner, I just would think that they can offer more accomodations. Bed is very comfortable.View is excellent.I slept very comfortably because when the shutters are down, the room is pitch black and the beddings are great!Washer and dryer is not the greatest, esp the dryer piece. It doesn't let you stop it in the middle of a dry or wash. They said it's due to some security reason. My iron broke so I tried to use dryer to steam but it instead locked my dress in and soaked it. I had to call service for help. Fortunately I had another dress.Pool is good. Clean.Gym is okay.. bad location/view. You feel like you're in jail but equipment is modern. It did its job I guess. I just think they could've put on a floor where you had a view. Best service I ever got from this whole ordeal is during the purchase, which I guess is expected. Nevertheless, I still remember it like it was yesterday. We got the red carpet experience during that time for sure! Those days are long gone.
5	Third times the charm! Well I did it. I bought two timeshare resales and got great deals. I honestly wouldn't have bought direct from Hilton like my friend did (she paid an arm and a leg). We just got back from using our two bedroom suite and it was amazing. Not feeling cramped into a tiny hotel room with family members tripping on top of each other is worth it.There's a separate checkin line for owners and yes they did give me a little bag of water bottles. We parked in the free mall parking but this was our third time here so we know where to park - easy peasy. We usually rent the 1 bedroom, which is large enough for our family but we bought a 2 bedroom lock off which is plenty of room for more than 6. I still love the black out shades - definitely need to get some for my house! Both rooms were super clean and stocked appropriately. No issues with the rooms what so ever. I love the water pressure in the bathrooms, I feel like I actually get clean when I take a shower. Yes the washer/drier is not the greatest and you have to dry your clothes for like 5 hrs but it does the job. Love the security at the elevators. Yeah some people complain but they are keeping the creepers out and that's fine with me. Yes please check my key and make sure I am supposed to be here...thank you!Finally used the pool this trip. I just made sure we went later in the afternoon once all the crowds left. Its still hot at 530-6 and like 75% less crowded. This is the time everyone leaves to get ready for the night or are too drunk, lol! I saw a lot of people being carried away. Only one time I was kinda worried, being a nurse and all, my spider senses only kicked in once but he woke up after his friends practically picked him up.I really enjoy this resort and obviously will be coming back every year.
4	While this hotel is in a great location, it is not worth over $200/night. Yes the amenities are impressive (washer and dryer) but the cleanliness is not up to par. The counters and sinks were clean therefore I give it a 4 star but if the furniture stands were very dusty. I purchased a three night stay for less than $200 the catch was we had to go to a timeshare presentation. Our sales rep was Jason and he was not too pleased when we refused to purchase a timeshare. We informed him we were just not interested in making a $75k investment and he would not take no for an answer. The entire presentation took about 2.5 hours and we came out with a $200 voucher to use at a DOUBLETREE hotel. Overall, the price was great and the views and size are amazing but I would only come back if I could obtain the same price of $166 for three nights.
4	This hotel is close to the miracle mile shops, which is convenient but can be annoying, if you are not the walking type. It's close to the V theater. The room was very spacious. It has easy acess to the Las Vegas Strip and is close to the airport. This hotel is has no casino style environment. The closest casino is the Planet Hollywood casino which is located in the miracle mile shops. It has a very modern feel and is filled with leather. Overall, this is a center strip hotel that has plenty of amenities and is good for anyone,
4	I stayed at Elara over Labor Day weekend with a group of 6 girls & it was the perfect fit for us! We arrived to the hotel around 11 AM, check in was a breeze, & our 1 bedroom suite was even ready for us to head right up to. We had one of the newly renovated suites with a strip view, room 3930. It was well worth every penny that we spent- the price was the same most other standard rooms on the strip that weekend. There was plenty of space for us to spread out and not feel cramped. We even had room to have an air mattress in the living room area and still enough room to walk around. The hot tub in the master bedroom was great for soaking our feet in at the end of the night. I also loved how central the location was to everything on the strip. You could easily get to so many other clubs, casino, or hotels in less than a 10 min walk. The full kitchen was great too and we were even able to get a late check out at noon!My only real complaints were that wifi was $10/night & that the staff at the Starbucks in the lobby weren't the friendliest. The wifi cost just seems a little steep since free wifi is available almost everywhere these days. Also, all of the Starbucks baristas that I encountered did not live up to the usual standard of Starbucks employees. They seemed annoyed with everyone that was in line and weren't very accommodating. Overall my stay was great! The hotel staff was great & friendly and I'd say that the hotel definitely lives us to Hilton standards.
4	So I stayed here for a friends birthday for the weekend. She decided to pay for this luxurious 3 bedroom suite for the whole weekend.Pros: More than enough space for 10 people, each room has its on bathroom, easy access to Miracle Mile shops, not to far off the strip, no noisy smelly casino.Cons: I feel like if your patron is spending over 3 thousand for one of your suites, you could at least comp wifi, valet parking, and have passes for a couple of clubs on the strip. As much as I did like Elara, I had an overall better experience at Vdara. BTW your late check out is a joke. First of all check out being at 10 am on a Sunday is just plain ignorance but then when you even offer to pay for a late check out the best you can give us is 11 am? You're not making the suite life enticing.
5	We stayed here the weekend of 9/5 - 9/8 and was an EPIC weekend!  My first time staying at this HGVC property and as an owner will continue to book my Vegas vacations here in the future.  The staff was over and above with professionalism and courtesy.  My friends were amazed as anything we asked for we got :DThe pool is a must, we did a Cabana and the drinks and food were spot on, we were enjoying the high life as we got to watch college football games while taking in the sun and fun.  Wait staff was very attentive and helpful with food and drink selections.Location is great also as you are city central and across from the Aria and Cosmo for the hipsters, but then the hotel is attached to the Planet Hollywood and miracle mile mall for easy access within a short walk.I highly recommend this place for other traveling to Vegas, especially HGVC owners!!! :)
1	I go to Vegas 4-5 times a year. By far the worst experience I have ever had . I stayed at the Elara 1 bedroom suite for 5 days . Our room was actually really nice only thing I can say was good about the wholeHotel and experience. 1) we went to the pool 4 out of the 5 days we stayed , multiple cocktail waitress ignored us and we never were helped by them (we ended up going to the bar each time and bartenders were great.) 2) I found dirty underwear shoved in the corner of the closet, maids obviously did not clean room properly before we checked in. 3) Also valet was $15 per day, we own a pretty expensive car and we were there for 5 days, we noticed they left our car outside in the heat/rain for 5 days. Since you have to pay for each day you would expect it to be in the garage. 4)we called after we left and the front desk stated the manager was outside and would give us a call when he for back inside, needless to say no call back , we called back this morning and talked to a manager about our complaints he never once apologized just made excuses for everything we complained about. I am very disappointed by the quality of this Hilton. You would think since it's a "Hilton" you would get great service. I will never stay ata Hilton again due to my experience.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Elara because his best friend of 20 years was an owner with the resort. His bestie (an investment banker) booked the room for us. When we arrived, we were so impressed with the location of the resort on the strip and we were also originally pleased with guest services at the front desk, concierge, and the timeshare desk. (The good experience only lasted for one day.) Between my boyfriend and I, we make over $200k. We were genuinely considering purchasing a timeshare with the resort so therefore we booked a presentation with the staff. The next day (day of presentation) my boyfriend forgot that he had an important business-related conference call. I contacted the sales staff to explain that we have to reschedule the presentation. (By the way, we gave them a $20 deposit which we agreed to lose if we didn't attend the presentation.) Later that day, we went to concierge because we were looking to book David Copperfield tix. (Let me explain that we already attended the Michael Jackson One Cirque Du Soleil-which was amazing and we only had fine dining the day before and were planning on going to Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse.... So we weren't too concerned about spending money, but that doesn't mean we don't search out deals.) The man at the Concierge desk appeared to be very annoyed when we approached his desk and he asked what he could do to help us (with a very smug attitude). My boyfriend stated we were interested in going to the Copperfield show and asked if Concierge could assist with any deals. Before my boyfriend could complete his question, the man cut him off and said, "We can do 7th row for $107/person and that's all I got for you Sir." So then my boyfriend proceeded to ask another question and was again cut off with a response of "That's all we have, we want you to have good seats." Again, he had such a smug, condescending attitude. I politely stated that we would think about it. My boyfriend and I looked at each other like wow! We also went the gift/convenience shop located in the lobby where I wanted to purchase a shirt I observed on display. I saw a pink shirt for $17 but realized I wanted the gray one instead (the exact same shirt just different color). First of all, when we walked into the store, the woman behind the counter gave us a very cold look. When we approached the counter, she was very nice to the customer in front of us, but when it was time to service us, she came off very rude, cold, and awkward. Anyhow, I gave her the grey shirt and she said that'll be $32. I was surprised and explained to her that I thought it was $17 because the pink shirt was $17. She rudely showed me the price tag instead of explaining the difference. My boyfriend is normally the calm one that let's everything go. Not this time... He was so disgusted with the Concierge behavior as well as the store clerk's behavior that he decided to call the front desk and ask to speak with a supervisor. The woman at the desk asked why we needed to speak with a supervisor to which he responded, "I'm so disappointed with a couple of the services we received and their condescending attitudes toward us. I think it's ridiculous to treat people this way especially when these people are genuinely considering becoming owners." The woman placed him on hold for about 3 mins (which is kind of a long time if you really consider it). After 3 mins, she came back on the phone and said that the manager was assisting other guests and would call us back. By this time, my boyfriend and I were ready for dinner at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant. We waited two hours before making reservations so that we could speak to a manager who NEVER called us back. We were so done and we will not purchase timeshare with this place EVER!! We also read other "bad reviews" of this place and it's sad that our experience also falls in line with the other unfortunate ones. My boyfriend can't wait to tell his bestie about the service of this place! If you could help it, don't stay here!!
5	This hotel was beautiful! The rooms are beautiful and up to date. They were very accommodating of our needs. There is a Starbucks in the lobby and it's connected with the miracle mile, which also leads you directly to the strip. Overall, we had a great stay.
1	Ever since Hilton took over this place is living nightmare. They make up their own rules and will not provide Westgate owners with anything in writing. Ex. Owners rates: Before you were able to book more than 30 days in advance and it was available to any suite. Now they changed rules. 4 bedroom suite is not available for Owner rates. They changed cancellation policy. Each representative says something different and is poorly trained and their refusal to provide me something in writing. Yet when they made changes they failed to notify a Westgate Owners. Definitely will be contacting the Federal Trade Commission and Attorney General Office in regards to this BS.
5	The suite was super sweet. Get it? anyhow we had a group of us there for our flirty thirty celebration and it was so nice and clean and the view was amazing. I would highly highly recommend.
5	This hotel is amazing!! The people are friendly. The accommodations are great!  We had a studio and it included a mini fridge, microwave, kitchenette.  The view was amazing as we were on the 38th floor.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Elara.  I was in town for business last week and stayed here for 3 nights.  The hotel staff was very friendly and also upgraded me to a suite which was much appreciated.  Also, I enjoyed that there is no casino at the hotel, but it is a short walk to several if you get the urge to play some cards.  All in all a very comfortable place to stay.  A minor gripe that I had was they made it very difficult for my company to set up billing for the room.  In the end, everything worked out and I plan on coming back to Elara for a future trip to Vegas.
1	You asked me to email to further discuss my experience at your hotel about 3 weeks ago . I actually emailed you on two occasions. I have yet to get an email back . Customer service yet has been up to par with my whole experience with the hotel. This is the reason why I made a complaint the first time . If I could give less than 1 star I would.
2	This is my families first time staying at this hotel since we bought the time share. I really like the rooms except there were a few things that upset me. 1. There was no plug by the night stands in the room, so I can charge my phone. 2. The television power button on the remote doesn't work, it's hard to watch T.V and you can press the power button 50 times and it won't turn on. You have to get up and press main power button on the actual T.V. 3. In the bathroom the wall of the tub kept coming off so you can see the actual wires and stuff, I don't think that's safe.... 4. They only provide you with three main forks and three small desert fork, so using the dishwasher wouldn't be smart since you would have to use it 2-3 times a day so you can have clean silverware. So washing by hand it is. There are only three packets of laundry detergent so be aware. 5. Be careful with the door it's so heavy and powerful that if your child puts his hand on accident in between the door and the frame they'll lose their fingers! Even if it's not a kid be careful. 6. Some of the towels have holes in them! 7. The toilet isn't powerful at all and you have to flush twice! 8. There was dust everywhere!!! It seems like no one cleaned this room for a week when there a layer of dust on the paintings and the counter! Overall I stayed at better hotels and they were $120 a night! Breakfast is expensive so bring food with you, be smart!
4	Checked in early. Staff is friendly.  We had a upgraded to 1 bedroom suit for my loves birthday and it was nice. Definitely will comeback. The only issue I had was I wanted to stay another other day, Sunday night but the lady checking us in said she cannot assist with that even though I tipped her $20 & I had to call the reservation number. I Called & was told it will be over $400 for Sunday night & I only paid $160 a night this is including Friday & Saturday. Sunday should have been much cheaper.  Checking out Sunday & will go elsewhere.  Beautiful place I know next time to stay only the days I reserved.
2	I've been staying at this hotel for years now. My first time staying here was when it was called PH Towers. I go to vegas about 5-6 times a year. Of those times I stay at the Elara 3-4 times. This last time I stayed will probably keep me from coming back. My friends and I booked three suites for my friends birthday back in August. We stayed Thursday-Sunday. The very first night we had everyone meet up in one room to   get ready  before we went out. We had hotel security come to our room three different times within a 15 minute time frame.Yeah, we felt unwelcome and like we were being harassed. First, they gave us a piece of paper with the smoking fines and rules on it. Second time, they came and said we needed to call the front desk and tell them whose names were staying in the room. We weren't smoking, however the room next to us was smoking all weekend. The third time they came they told us we had our second noise complaint, and one more and we would be kicked out of the hotel. After that those of us staying in that room went down to the front desk to talk to the night manager, Roger Westin I believe his name was. He was very rude and very unprofessional. We even offered to move rooms because clearly someone in a room next to us thought we were being to loud. He said "no I will not do that." We then asked to talk to his supervisor and he denied us that. We told him we were unhappy and we wanted to talk to someone else. He told us that it would be a waste of time and gave us his card. When I got back home I emailed their corp. to tell them about my experience. After a few emails with them I they told me that the Elara in Vegas wasn't one of their properties and that they would forward on my email to them. Two weeks later still no response so I emailed the other lady back and asked if she could try again because they had still not reached out to me. Finally I had Mark call me and leave a voice mail with me. I have tried to get back with him 4 times now over the past two weeks and still no luck. I am the President of my organization and I wanted to book 25 rooms with them for January for a conference. Needless to say that will not be happening with the past experience I have had, along with poor communication. I have been to vegas twice sense my trip. Both times stayed at the Cosmo. The Cosmopolitan is great hotel and my friends and I have already booked a Bungalow suite for December. If anyone from this hotel reads this my name is Jeff and Mark has my phone number if you would like to talk further on the matter.
2	Horrible customer service, even from their night manager and from corporate office when we tried to file a complaint. This hotel has been recommended through the years from our fraternity members. In the look out for a new hotel to pass on to all the new guys... any recommendations?
5	Great place! Super clean and convenient. The mall is connected in the lobby with all your needs.
4	Very clean. Nice room - stayed in a junior suite with family room and connecting room separated by heavy soundproof doors. Very quiet. Hot tub /jacuzzi in room - nice amenities but no shower cap, sewing kit, bathrobes, etc. but there was washing machine and full kitchen. Central convenient location. Minus was the ten dollar a day wifi fee. And hardly any cellular internet service in room.
3	two ice machines in the whole freakin hotel?!?!?!! one on the 5th floor and one on the 50th!! wth? not at these rates!!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've stayed here a handful of times, so far. I will definitely be coming here for many years to come!  As an owner, of a time share at the Elara Hilton Grand Vacations, I am happy with the fact it is a non-gaming hotel & non-smoking. I like the fact that it feels like our home away from home & there is no toxic smoke looming in the air as I make the trek to my room. I feel safe & secure, as one needs a key card even to enter the elevator area. So, no strangers can roam aimlessly. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, which is awesome! I can get good coffee any time of the day & it's very close to the pool, so I can get refreshments easily. The one room suites are very large. There is a oversized hot tubs in the bedrooms. The full sized kitchen is stocked with what you need to cook & prepare meals. The living rooms have flat screen TVs & shades that double as projector screens & a projector that can play whatever is on your tv screen. My partner loves that he can watch football on this extra large jumbo screens! The shade in the bedroom allows you to sleep all day because no light can come in... it's complete blackout shades! This is a very important element for Las Vegas vacations where we often find ourselves going to sleep later. There are a few issues I have, as an owner. If an owner comes to stay for less than 5 nights, we are not given full servicing in our rooms. We get "re-freshed" which is throwing out the trash, taking our soiled towels & restocked with toiletries, towels & toilet paper, but making our beds or vacuuming is not part of this. Considering we pay a monthly mortgage & a yearly HOA, I was expecting MORE SERVICE, not less. All in all, the Elara gives everyone a great experience! The staff is very kind and generous. They always help when they can & they do it with a smile! I highly recommend the Elara! It's connected to the Miracle Mile shops & is walking distance to Planet Hollywood & other hot new hotels!
3	The things that we really liked about the hotel:1. Non smoking2. Location3. Comfortable bed4. Nice sized room5. Room darkening shadeNow for the things that we disliked:1. For some reason they felt it necessary to try and sell us a time share! One afternoon while taking a nap the phone rang and even though we told them we were not interested, they still kept talking so I hung up on them and proceeded to unplug every phone in the room. Vacation and time off are very precious, so having to be rude to someone just to get them to shut up really irked me! Just think, we paid for this!2. The room was not that clean. We found a broken off piece of glitter fingernail on the desk, some costume jewelry near the bed, and when we looked under the bed, gross!3. Black bathroom accessories (toilet) scare me since you are not sure if they are clean.4. Internet, you have to pay for this but the worst part is you are only allowed to have one device logged in at a time! How tacky is that! Like one reviewer said even Motel 6 has free wifi!  Would we stay here again, probably so, but I will bring some clorox wipes to clean the place before unpacking!
1	Where to start...  First trip to the Elara since we bought it a year and a half ago.  We were "greeted" between check in and heading to our rooms for the "onwer's update", code for sell up.  We declined preferring instead to settle in and finally see what we had purchased.  We stayed four days three nights, apparently just short of qualifying for maid service, who knew?  When I called the front desk to inquire why this resort was the first I have ever seen without such service I was advised to read my contract.  Towels were later sent to my room and left in a pile on the sink with a small trash bag with soap and shampoo.I had to have the clogged drain in the bathroom repaired, the tub leaked onto the floor and into the livingroom, the dresser drawer stuck, some lights didn't work, the front door would not lock as you left the room unless you remembered to pull it hard, and still the red light on my phone flashed to remind me that I had free gifts awaiting me for just one hour of my time.After the second day, the rude, couldn't care less attitude from the staff, and all of the above, I decided to have that meeting and discuss things.  The lady was of course very nice, big smile, eager to help and certainly sell me something.  Free tickets to shows, dining out coupons, etc but not to resolve or even explain any of the things that were happening.  I at one point mentioned that we were considering just selling and moving on and she matter of factly said "You'll get pennies on the dollar", might as well stay.  Then wondered if I would like to buy up to a larger unit or additional time.  Really?So aside from the list of repairs that I identified, the lack of service and poor attitudes of those employed to help, probably due to being exposed to upsets guests more often then not, we used the facilities to sleep in and that was that.  Our family had a wonderful time in Las Vegas, spent plenty of money although none of it at the Elara, and headed back to reality until next time.Speaking of next time, ithe next time I book anything with the Vacation Club I will certainly have a list of qualifications before I book, inspect the room closely upon my arrival, and make absolutely sure that I receive exactly what I paid for, no exceptions, nothing left to pass.  They will earn every dollar that I pay them from this point on.In hind sight, should have stayed with Marriott.  At least there a vacation is a vacation and not a business trip that only they can benefit from.
1	The Hilton Elara has some good things about is but they are getting a 1-Star terrible review because of bad to no WiFi.  We worked with 6 different people at the problem and the problem was not solved.  They even tried moving us to a new room.  No go!Come on Hilton!  Even Motel 6 gives me good wifi.
2	The rooms are pretty spacious, but what everyone has been saying is true. The doors are really heavy so be careful when you open it. Also, I assumed that the door would shut completely because of the weight, but it didn't. I walked away and noticed that my door was still open an hour later.WIFI is VERY VERY weak. I ended up using my cell service instead. Do not expect the ability to VPN or stream videos.As a Diamond Member for HH, you're supposed to get free bottled water in the room. This is not the case with this location. I called the front desk and they said I had to pick it up at check in. How come the front desk agent didn't offer it to me? Why do I have to go back downstairs? Front desk usually sends it up if it isn't in the room.Lastly, I walked in and started sneezing like crazy. I looked up and saw the dusty air vents. I couldn't wait for maid service so my husband had to clean it himself since my eyes started to itch. Check out the picture to see for yourself.All in all, do no expect this to be like the other Hilton locations. Your HH status doesn't really seem to matter here. No free breakfast either. If you want breakfast, you can either go to Starbucks or order room service.
1	I agree with a lot of people here, the staff are terrible. So we booked through Kayak, and I requested for two beds, but since I purchased a king studio stay they were unable to give me the two beds unless I pay "80 dollars + tax" for the one bedroom suite. So according to the girl, "That's why you shouldn't book through a third party." Okay thanks you're helpful. Upon arriving, I requested for extra blankets and towels, didn't see any so I called in requesting it, since the only thing we had was comforters and no blankets or towels, the girl at the front desk said "They should all be in your closet". No it wasn't, I just said that we only have comforters and if we did why would I freaking call you?! I been to Vegas a great amount of times, and this probably is my worst stay here. The customer service, they are NOT accommodating or attentive. The rooms are small and you have to pay for wifi?! You might as well stay somewhere else for the same deal and get free upgrades to your room, better (accommodating) customer service and free wifi.Not to mention at about 4:45 pm, after driving around in circles to find valet, they were closed. Even to guests staying at the hotel! So we had to circle around some more and find parking in the miracle mile mall, dragged all the way to concierge.
5	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas.  I am very picky about the rooms and I have to say for the money this hotel is awesome.  I drive everyone crazy with my wanting to switch rooms and get a better room.  But this hotel is exceptional.  If you want a large room with a view that is close to the strip.  I stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was spacious with a jacuzzi next to the bed and lovely views from two windows.  I even noticed under the bathroom sink that it had a washer/dryer.  Wow!  The decor is very cool (rock & roll) from previous PH owners, but honestly it is cool chic.  I have stayed here previously when it was under PH management and I have to say I don't see any difference, except that they have you scan your key at the elevators.  I found the service very good at the front desk.  They even upgraded us from a studio room to a 1 bedroom suite for no extra charge.  We will definitely be returning.
5	For me and my family was amazing. Very good 1 bedroom suite, comp wifi, kitchen was very good, big bathroom, big bathtube, staff was great. I'll come back for sure. Clean hotel, no smoking, and a very good price for the size of the room. 12-22-14  -  01-03-15
3	GUEST BE WARE,, stayed two nights December 17 2014. Booked a studio hoping with Hilton diamond and off season dates we would be upgraded. A lady at the front desk Joyce advised since vacation resort they did not uograde but free but would at half price. So for $40 more a night rather than $80 we could do upgrade to one bedroom suite. For $20 more a night a junior suite. My husband said heck why not a one bedroom suite and we agreed to charge, room was nice full kitchen, jacuzzi tub and great views on the 22 floor. I went on line and saw that I could book the room outright for actually $6 less per night, I call down and they advise they won't lower the rate but will give me a $10 credit to my final bill. Ok. The Starbucks in the lobby was nice but so overpriced. The parking was free self at the attached mall which wasn't bad. The mall was nice and sundries and alcohol at the abc shop wasn't a bad deal. Typical Vegas though get more money from you, act like your doing me a solid and really just smoke and mirrors. Don't think I would do it again but it wasn't bad just shady. Not cool way to treat anyone.
4	Had a blast here. Stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. The room was the size of my freaking house. Literally. 1300 sqft...Everything was clean and everyone was polite. I liked that it was attached to the miracle mile shops and treasure planet. We got in on a deal and had to go to the timeshare presentation. Welp, I must be a sucker because I bought into it! Gotta love Hiltons!
3	There's nothing bad about this hotel, but I think there are much more impressive choices on the Strip. Pros: Clean, very comfortable bed, basic dishes supplied in room, no casino to muddle through just to get to your room, convenient Strip location, great views. Attached Starbucks.The pool and its bar is really nice if you want a low key, relaxing time. This is not a party pool.Cons: You will pay $15/day for parking. The rooms are sleek - black, red and old Hollywood themed - but not overly impressive. The friendliest staff are the ones who swipe your key card as you head to the elevators. Weird smell in the lobby. As other reviewers have said, toilet generally needs two flushes every time and room doors are strangely heavy. Overalll, I would return for a good price but would certainly check out other Strip hotels first.
