4	Tempe Butte, also known as "A" Mountain, is located next to Sun Devil Stadium and is accessible from either Rio Salado, Veterans Way or Mill Ave. While it doesn't take as long to walk/hike up as Camelback or Piestewa, it is nothing to scoff at. My husband and I quickly found out when we ventured over to "A" Mountain a few weekends ago how deceiving it was! The walk up is pretty steep and will give your legs a great workout. At the steepest point, there are handrails to hold onto if you need them. There are two areas along the way to/from the summit with benches where you can stop and rest or just sit to enjoy the view. Off to the left before you get to the top, there is an area where you can sit on rocks to reflect, eat a snack, or rest before heading back down. Along the way up and at the top, there are nice views of Tempe and downtown Phoenix, but not as spectacular as the ones you can find at the summits of Camelback or Piestewa."A" Mountain seems popular with walkers/runners who make a few trips up and down the trails to get an extra good workout in. It's also a good place to bring a dog for a walk (Sophie quite enjoyed herself when we took her) and there are doggy bags conveniently located at the trailheads. Parking is easy and there are a few light rail stations nearby.
4	This was my favorite experience of my trip to the Phoenix area.  I have visited ASU a few times, and have always wanted to visit "A" mountain and finally got my chance. The hike is moderate. I actually did it in flip flops because I forgot real shoes and I was fine, just watch your footing on the stairs at the very top of the mountain. The views are beautiful and the breeze at the top of the butte is very rewarding! College students and families alike were taking the ~1 mile uphill hike to the top of the butte.
4	Great workout. Tempe Butte is a no-nonsense... break a sweat... burn massive amount of calories type of hike. The trail starts out on a steep paved path that really tests your fitness level and warms your body up for the hike. After stepping on to the gravel, the intensity ceases a little bit and there is a rest area where you can catch your breath, hydrate, and give your little critters (aka: dogs) some water as well.The rest of the trail consists of steep stairs, where at some points, you are literally lunging your way up (FEEL THE BURN) and there is railing along the path to make the hike safer.The view is breathtaking and although the fresh air and cool breeze at the top is rewarding, the actual area isn't too spectacular. The top of Tempe Butte is small.. and unfortunately doesn't allow adequate room for a group of people to stand.Either way... the hike was a blast and the fellow hikers were super friendly. There were several couples, a family with two children, and some middle aged folks breaking a sweat solo.Great workout for anyone! If you plan to tackle Tempe Butte, try to get there earlier.. we went at around 12pm. Next time, my friend and I will be going around 7am-8am (especially since its getting so hot now) Bring lots of water!! We brought 4 liters!!!... and of course positive attitudes :)
3	Jaysis! I've seen people RUN up this thing and it makes me want to dropkick them. You start out on about a 45-50 degree incline (I honestly don't think I'm exaggerating this at all), and after you're legs are good and burny, the ultra-steep winding steps begin. If you're doing this for fitness, and not a dare, doing a couple push-ups on the benches here isn't a bad idea - gives your legs a short rest, keeps the blood moving and works an extra set of muscles. Once you make it to the top of the stairs, you have a wonderful view of Tempe - which might be why not to many people linger at the top longer than necessary. Your legs WILL wobble on the way down - take it slow if you have to. If your legs don't feel like jello, then you need to stop working out and give the rest of us poor schlubs a chance. Oh - 3 stars because it makes me feel inadequate. Nyah.
4	Tempe Butte is a nice cross between a hike, a walk, and a climb. The whole thing isn't very long - maybe about 15 minutes, depending on how fit you are (I'm not very fit). Some people run up it, and I applaud their athletic ability, but I prefer to walk up very slowly.As far as I know, there are three entrances to the trail to get to the top. One is right by the old mill building and that starts off as a steep paved incline. The other two are on both sides of the light rail station behind the Tempe Transportation Center. One of those is right next to the Sun Devil Stadium. Those two entrances start off with an unpaved trail that winds upwards. It's slightly more interesting than the entrance by the mill because you get to see old signs on rocks made by the Native Americans that used to leave in Tempe. The trail ends up at the paved incline as well.After walking up the paved incline, you begin to climb the steps and rocks. This area is pretty gravel-y and I found it easy to trip if I wasn't careful. Some of the steps were pretty tall and took some effort getting up to, but if I can do it, most other people can as well. After passing by the "A," there's still a little ways to go before the top. Before you get to the top, there are a couple view points with benches that you can comfortably rest at. The top is nothing but some antennas and rocks. The rocks are interesting to climb around and sit on, but not as comfortable as benches. From the top, you can see Tempe Town Lake, the entire campus of ASU, and the Phoenix airport, too. We didn't wait for the sunset, but it also seemed like a pretty good place to watch the sunrise/sunset. Overall, it was a pretty easy hike, a nice way to spend a Sunday afternoon. I saw girls doing it in high heels and old ladies climbing it, too, so it's not that bad. I imagine it's also a pretty good workout for people who live in the area. For me, though, I think once enough.
5	How can you give "A Mountain" less than five stars? It just sits there all mountainy for your trampling pleasure. Walk it, jog it, photograph it, it doesn't complain. It just wants you to be happy. This is one of those little pleasures that help make Tempe awesome!
5	This is a major landmark in downtown Tempe. It is a great place for fast, small hike without having to travel out of town. The view is great for sunrises and there usually aren't too many people that get to the top early. You can get a good view of Tempe from the mountain, too. There are many people who use the mountain for exercise, usually in the evenings after sunset. The path is to the middle viewing area is paved and only gets steep in one small section. From there, concrete steps lead the way to the top. If you're adventurous, you might secretly sneak off the beaten path to other sides of the mountain, but be careful.
5	This is a great little hike with beautiful views of ASU, Sun Devil Stadium, Rio Salado, and more. The top has a lot of rock areas that are fun to walk around. You have to pay for parking but it's not too expensive on Mill Ave.
5	It's short 15 minute hike to the top of the A-Mountain. Wonderful view of downtown Tempe and ASU! Actually this was my first hike enjoyed it a lot..We parked near at the stadium and it's short walk to the main entrance for the hike from the parking lot..
5	Havent I told you yet that I love this place??  Great easy hike with some nice views of the valley from the top.  Short, sweet and centrally located :)
5	Giant Menorah on top of the mountain during the holiday season and great views of Tempe Town Lake as well and downtown. Great views of ASU women as well are a bonus. Pretty easy hike for everybody and you should park at the Town lake to avoid paying money to park, which I will never do for any hike.
4	Fairly short hike, but you will get a good work out due to the steep slopes you will hike up!  Once you reach the top, you get some really nice views of the Phoenix area.  Be sure to bring some water if you are hiking here in the summer.  There's not much shade here!  If you do bring your dog here, be sure to bring some doggie bags since there are no stations that dispense them around this area.
5	Great quick hike, cool view at the top!
4	I have done this hike a few times. I will say, it is not the most exciting hike ever BUT it is short and the views are ok and when you are done there are lots of places to eat :-P I would recommend A mountain for a hike if you are low on time. Ps the part of the trail that is all paved is really steep so don't let the height and length of this trail fool you....it's not as easy as it looks.
4	Do not do not do not climb up or down the back ridge (really steep) side.Partly because you're not supposed to. But mainly cause there's a big beehive under a rock/cactus thing. I couldn't tell exactly because I ran.Be safe!
5	The first time I hit the trail my legs feel pretty stiff and painful the following day after the hike. The view at the top is pretty and offers something different in every direction. I have three children and usually hike this trail 6 weeks after delivery.
1	Who the heck even wants to climb this disgusting-looking mountain? It puts the beautiful Arizona nature and scenery to shame.
3	The hike/walk up A Mountain is immensely easy and anyone can do it - even kids, old ladies, and those of us who are totally out of shape.  Look for petroglyphs on the rocks and enjoy views of Tempe, Downtown Phoenix, and the valley from the top.  If you're on Mill Ave., visiting ASU or Sun Deveil Stadium anyway you should totally go for it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
4	Gotta love 'A' mountainNot much of a hike but it's a great way to get an Awesome view of the valley. If you are into fitness. I recommend doing sprints up the steep section. Up and down a few times is an incredible workout.
5	Very easy climb - our 4 year old did it without a problem. Quick too, I'd say under 15 minutes from trail head to top. And the views are spectacular! Plus there's nothing like climbing a mountain in the middle of a city and then heading back down for burgers and beer, all in less than an hour!Ample (paid) parking and well maintained with hand rails, steps, and paved path on over 90% of the trail. It is a bit steep but nothing too hard - as I said, easy enough that a 4 year old can do it!
4	"Fight, Devils Down The FieldFight With Your Might and Don't Ever YieldLong May Our Colors Outshine All OthersEcho From The Buttes, Give 'Em Hell Devils!"Oh "A Mountain," I didn't even know you had another name even though it was kind of hinted at in the Fight Song... Oh well!  Anyways, I'm surprised there's even a Yelp listing for this tiny hill!  Since I'm feeling nostalgic, I'll write of my days in BIO100 when our class was forced to hike this little mountain and my lab partner slipped and stabbed her hand on some cactus.  I wonder if I still have the picture...So the hike is fast and easy like a drunk bachelorette in Las Vegas but you're not coming here for exercise --- You're coming here because ASU made you or because you want to catch the amazing views.  Parking is plenty and there are numerous of good eats nearby.  Sun Devil or not, come visit this landmark of good old Tempe... unless you're a Mildcat with a paint bucket.  Maroon and gold for life!
