4	Below the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth lies the Gare Centrale, and its warren of shops, cafes, and Premiere Moisson.The first time I ventured down into the train station, I saw a queue of people at Premiere Moisson. And as soon as I looked into the display cases and saw the fantastic-looking pastries, I knew why. It became my daily ritual to leave the hotel, descend into the subterranean shopping mall, and immediately get in line at the boulangerie."Une chocolatine aux amandes, SVP." These chocolate and almond croissants were good enough to rival my local favorites at Fleur de Cocoa: crisp and flaky on the outside, and full of chocolatey, almondy goodness on the inside. I am envious of the commuters who are able to stop here every day on their way to work!
4	Yum yum. Love Premier Moisson! This location is a little crazy, however, with lots and lots of traffic and the general chaos of people moving around a lot to get to and from their trains. Same great baked goods as other locations, but I'd not come here unless I was getting on a train. The Sherbrooke St. location is much, much better. Way more relaxing and clam. Definitely get the cafe au lait, the almond croissants and the cheese bread.
4	I often get a sandwich for lunch from Premiere Moisson. Today was roast beef, caramelized onions and cheese (can't remember what kind) on a fresh baguette. Needless to say, I was a little sad when I finished it. When I'm not in the mood for a sandwich, the olive bread or one of their many focaccias hits the spot. I love bread... Enough said.
5	Miam! You would not expect this from a fast paced-bakery in a super busy Central Station, but it's true: high quality and incredibly fresh. This particular location has a few counters serving many types of food including sandwiches, salads, desserts, breads, and many other baked goods. I came down here often for lunch during my stay at the Fairmont, as it is right below  the hotel, and I had a chance to sample some of their sandwiches and Viennese pastries. I could not get enough of this place! My favourite hands down was the "chocolatine aux amandes".  Can't go wrong with 100% pur beurre!!!
5	The smell of fresh bread tempts me every time I walk through the train station.  Everything I've ever had here has been delicious, especially the olive fougassette (about $2), pain au raisins (about $2.50) and sesame pain biologique (about $4). The service is efficient and friendly. The other morning I was even given two croissants for the price of one because the cashier said the first one she gave me was too small. Yum.
4	Multiple locations in Montreal. This gourmet one-stop-shop for on-the-go/take-a-way options (from sweets, savory and everything in between) ended up being my last meal in the city.  While waiting to board our train back  to TO, boyfriend made a quick stop at Premiere Moisson in search for breakfast.  We heard about the establishment through some prior research online.  He came back with his vice...coffee and two kinds of croissants - it was buttery, rich and sweet.  Then it was my turn; I ended up making a selection for lunch with an order for a small wedge of brie, two kinds of pate and a demi-baguette.  Still noshing on the goods and it's certainly making our 5 hour journey via rail that much more enjoyable.  Person behind the counter was very helpful albeit my lack of knowledge per cheeses, pate and the fine art of French.
4	Bakery chain with good croissants. Haven't tried anything else yet?
4	Hubby and I hit this place up for breakfast while visiting Montrea. We hadn't realized it was in one of the food courts of the underground city, so we killed 2 birds with one stone - score! Tried there coffee which was better than starbucks. We also shared one of their baguette with salmon sandwiches which was phenomenal, and a chocolate tart which was crazy decadent.
5	Can we trade all the Panera for Premiere Moisson in the etats unis?I always bought pastries like a fat kid on a shopping spree while here. And one time I almost choked on excitement when I saw they had a $1 a piece pineapple white cheesecake special.
5	So delicious, so many choices, so fresh.. What more can you ask for? I even got some for free! Premiere Moisson had a promotion on Facebook a little while ago where you could print out a coupon and get a free loaf of bread. I couldn't believe how generous they were and how gigantic the bread actually was. It was perfect on its own, with butter or toasted, for sandwiches etc.Liking them on Facebook has its perks, I found another promotion where I could obtain a free lunch bag.I was already a fan of this bakery for simple classics like butter or chocolate croissants, they are the best in town! So flakey and buttery.Their cheesecakes are another of my favorite, truly rich and decadent, far superior to other cheesecakes I've had in restaurants considering this is one of my favorite desserts. The Premiere Moisson located in the train station is often busy but the lines move fast - staff is used to handling this kind of volume and they know how to meet the demand.
5	The Premiere Moisson is located below the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel and I stopped by three days in a row for a croissant and jam (sublime) and then went across to Tim Hortons for a large coffee (v good). This is what bakeries should be like.
4	We checked Yelp for a great bakery and walked about 20 minutes to get here, just to find out it's in a train station.  Luckily, this is no Panera.  Everything looked delicious!  We settled on some chocolate almond croissants (chocolatine aux amandes).  Sadly, they were more cake-y than flaky, but they were still pretty tasty.  I would give the croissant 3 stars, but am bumping the review up because everything else looked amazing and I would definitely frequent this if I worked in the area.
4	Where do I begin? I no longer eat wheat but I'll make an exception for this place. Their bread selection is excellent, and it's always fresh. My personal favorite is the sourdough walnut bread. It's purple but don't let that throw you off. I also love their skinny cheese baguettes. After you've taken a bite, you won't want to share - and I don't blame you. They're delicious!They offer a variety of freshly made sandwiches - the chicken salad is excellent but then, everything is good there. Their desserts are, in my opinion, masterpieces. Not only are they positively fabulous in taste, but they look great. I mean, I sometimes look at their cakes or pastries and it pains me to demolish them - they're just so pretty. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything that you buy here, or in any other Premiere Moisson. They offer freshness and quality, in addition to a wonderful selection of delectable items. Yummo. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because they can be a little on the pricey side, but in my opinion, they're well worth it.
5	Five stars for the croissants! I'm glad that I got to try their croissants before leaving Montreal. I tried to use google maps to find the bakery.  Google directed me to the underground tunnels and I was unsuccessful the first time round. I asked the Westin concierge for directions and she directed me to gare centrale, the train station. So much easier to find above ground. I tried the croissant, chocolate croissant, and the chocolate almond croissant. I liked the chocolate croissant the best. The chocolate almond croissant was good but on the sweet side. My hubby preferred the chocolate almond. I wanted to have cafe au lait with my croissants, but they only had regular coffee.  The salads and bread also looked great, but I didn't get to try anything else.
4	What a bakery in a gem of a market. Phenomenal bread! You could also call me a croissant fan from here on out after trying their almond croissant....wow. Been there several times and haven't been let down yet. This is the place for great bread while avoiding Montreal traffic.
3	If we had been lucky enough to get the fresh pastries, I think our rating would be a bit higher, but unfortunately cold and not-so-fresh pastries just don't achieve their full potential.  We got the Almond Croissant, Chocolate almond croissant (both pretty tasty) and the chocolate and chocolate caramel macaroons.  Were a bit surprised that at 2pm the macaroons already tasted a bit stale, but if they had just warmed up the pastries and had given them to us they would have been much, much better.  The croissants are kind of expensive, which was a bit of a put off since it didn't feel like it was worth it in the end--though we can def see how tasty they would be when fresh!
5	To get to this place from the street, walk through the garage into the train station, through the train station past all the VIA Rail Canada passengers, to deep within the food court at the back.I was surprised to see such acclaim for a place within a train-station food court, but it was well worth the detour.  The almond croissant was just about perfect.  Coffee was good, too.
5	Great place to stop for a pastry and coffee or tea in the lovely Montreal train station. The staff is terrific.
4	A nice variety of items, about $2 each pastry. I had a chocolatine, which tasted like any other chocolate pastry. but their chausson aux pommes is really delightful! 100% real butter with apple puree inside. Crispy on outside and delectable. Great little patisserie at the Gare Centrale.
5	One of the best bakeries in town. I get the almond croissants every time I'm in montreal for work for breakfast.  I've also tried the chocolate croissant, mille-feuilles and the macaron.  Very good French pastry - somewhat pricy but totally worth it.Food: 5/5 (they have buttery croissants, and their almond style is the best)Service: 4/5 (not much service except you either have to get a number or just wait in line)Ambience: 4/5 (the brossard location has a nice cafe area where you can have the food indoors or outside in the terrace)Price: 3/5 (it's a little pricey with $3+ per pastry.)Tips: if you want to take some pastries, go early or later for some discounts (before 8am and after 5pm)
5	Best almond croissant ever! Everything looks so good. Can't wait to return to Montreal to have another.  At least as good as any bakery I've visited in Paris..wish there was one in Ottawa
