3	The Kitchen is basically Dish 2.. if you don't remember, Dish was the place to get your gourmet prepared foods which you can either eat there or take home and heat up yourself. There was also a full service restaurant if you didn't feel like shopping at each of the food stations. Since The Kitchen is in the old Dish space, its pretty much the same concept. You go to each station, pizza, salads, sandwiches, roasts and fresh prepped foods order your food then go to the next station. They give you a card that each station scans which adds to your order. Then you take your stuff and your card to the check out and your on you merry way.  They are also a market that not only stocks Simply Bread baked goods and bread but also various pastas, sauces, olive oils, wines and Straus Organic Milk.After a tour of the place *self guided* we decided to order a pizza, a couple of sandwiches and a salad to go since waiter service in the wine bar doesn't start until 4pm daily. After we got ordered all of our food and got to the car, the Italian Meats pizza (13. 99) smelled so good we couldn't wait so we shared a piece.. man, I burnt the shit out of my tongue but was worth it, the pizza was tasty with a slightly crisp and chewy crust. Everything else we tried when we got home.The food was pretty good while the pizza was the star the rest was just alright. Jambon Sandwich (5.99) was on a nice chewy baguette and had a nice covering of fresh butter and ham, though needed a nice glass of red to go with it. The The Napa Valley sandwich (7.99) was good but would have preferred a different bread since the sourdough it was served on was kind of boring. Total disappointments included the Arugula with Olive Tapenade Vinaigrette salad (6.99) which was pretty boring and the crostini that came with it could have broken a tooth. Southwestern Cou Cous (6.99lb) had way to much cumin and hit the trash after only a few bites.With only a few let downs I think that The Kitchen is a much better presentation than Dish and will hopefully last longer. On our visit the place was doing very well with short lines at each station. Next time we go, I think I found the best bargain in the house.. a whole rotisserie chicken with 3 sides, (18.99). So whether your low carbin' or eating regular foods I think that The Kitchen will have something for everyone.
4	The Kitchen is very much like their predecessor, Dish.  The layout is essentially the same and much of the menu is very similar.  I think the middle island is a little overdone.  I like the idea of having a deli/meat area but the sides and premade sandwiches are a bit much when they already have another area dedicated to making your own sandwich.  I know The Kitchen just opened and I'm sure they will figure out what works and what doesn't with time.  I just worry that they have too much overhead and will go down the same path as Dish if they try to be a "Jack of all trades."  At their grill section it looked like they offer a bit of a strange selection for the lunch crowd; ribs, fried chicken, oysters, crab cakes, and pizza (same as Dish).  I love all of these foods but just not for lunch when I'm out grabbing a quick bite with the coworkers.  If they added more burger selection and hot sandwiches to the grill menu I would be very pleased!  Also, it would be nice if they had a better selection of desserts (preferrably cookies or cupcakes).  Their slices of cake and individual desserts run upwards of $5 and they cookies they sell are packaged in 4's and 8's.  It would be nice to have a few options that are a bit cheaper and smaller portions.  When you're already spending $10-$12 on lunch it's hard to justify throwing down an additional $5-6 for something sweet.On my first trip to The Kitchen I opted to try one of their sandwich options, the Napa Valley (turkey with onions sauteed in wine, aoili, and greens, on sourdough bread) for $7.99.  I was quite pleased with my selection and would definitely get it again.As for the new furniture and wine bar spin, I really like it.  I just wish I lived closer to Gainey Village so I could go for a glass of wine with some friends.Dish and The Kitchen, I love the concept I just hope that they work to improve the selection, layout, and logistics.
2	This place is decent for lunch but a total bomb for dinner.  The fresh food case is totally underwhelming. The place has very good sandwiches(I think they use Boar's Head)with good bread.  They seem to also have a good selection of cheeses.  The rest really is a let down and it is fairly expensive for what little you get.  Dinner tonight consisted of two small pork sliders(fairly cold) cold mashed potatoes(extra) and it was pretty lame.  There is little to no service and nobody seems interested to be working there.  I'll be surprised if this place makes it 3 months
4	I was so disappointed that Dish closed - we were there 2x's/wk.  I was very hesitant to try The Kitchen, even though I live right near-by & driving by, looking it, appeared the same, (which is basically is).  Went for their free wine tasting Wed eve.  (pours were extremely tiny, 1oz) and I'm not a fan of spanish wines (my problem), so I was happy to pick a bottle off the shelf in the wine section & waiter was more than happy to un-cork it for me - for a fee, of course.  (I think $9 is a bit steep, should be more like $4/5).  But it was a good bottle, great entertainer singing, comfy sofa, yummy bruschetta.  Ok, now I'm hungry all over again, I think I'll slip over there & ck out what's on their lunch menu :-)  {besides, I'm out of cream for coffee in the am & they actually have half & half in glass bottles which has thick cream on top}  - MMmmmm :-)
4	From the last few reviews, it sounds like The Kitchen is exactly like the former tenant Dish. Well I've never been to Dish, but I like The Kitchen just fine. The Kitchen looks like a Bristol Farms or Whole Foods Deli minus the market. While there are some packaged foods such as pastas, wine, cheeses, and beverages, the real appeal is the deli, rotisserie, bakery and cold case. I came here twice in one day. For lunch, I had the prime rib sandwich with dip ready au jus and pasta salad. Dinner was a mini baguette and a wedge of Humboldt Fog goat cheese. That's the appeal of The Kitchen. You can have a heavy meal with all the trimmings or you can pick out a few things here and there and have yourself a picnic. Since I'm working close by, I know I'll be back several more times before I leave Scottsdale. But for anyone looking for a great lunch spot, the variety alone is worth the trip.
4	I'm not sure why it took me so long to get to The Kitchen after Dish closed... perhaps I thought there was no way a new place would compare?  Regardless, The Kitchen is totally comparable to Dish... while I noticed a few changes, the similarities are much more evident.They have the same layout, the same fresh selection of gourmet prepared foods, and possibly even friendlier employees and lower prices.  I missed a few items on the salad bar (avocado, garbanzo beans), but I made due just fine...Lunch for two was just $17 and included a delicious salad with iceberg lettuce, green olives, tomato, and shrimp + balsamic on the side (that was my order); and my friend went with a freshly made to order caprese sandwich that looked dynamite.  It came with a small soup as well which I ended up taking to-go.  Add two bottles of water, and I would say that is pretty reasonable, wouldn't you?I cannot wait to return to The Kitchen again very soon...
5	I'm giving you 5 stars Kitchen because everytime I've gone to you, you've knocked my socks off.Your Napa Valley sandwich is absurd and should be noted as a controlled substance in Maricopa county.Your truffled grilled cheese is insane and should be locked up, in my stomach, for eternity. You have the most impressive beverage selection I've seen in a long time and your employees actually know the difference between Moscato and Champagne.Me likey.
4	The Kitchen is the new, new thing in the space that used to be occupied by The Dish. I have seen, in other locales, The Spoon, The Fork, The Table, and I suppose I will soon see other utensils (the Peeler, The Corer, The Spork?) and cooking locations (The Hot Plate, The Counter Top Microwave?) popping up with the apparent success of The Kitchen. And make no mistake...it is successful and it will continue to be successful.Why?Because it's good grub at a reasonable price!I stopped by for lunch after a meeting today and took a look around before I ordered. I was going to go over to the Village, but Gabi K. mentioned that this place was very good, and she wrote a review that made me believe in change, at this location, so Gabi, thanks for leading me here, and not astray !The Kitchen has interesting and tasty options that cover a really broad spectrum of tastes, from full on sit down plated lunches (including a decent looking prime rib...what's not to like?) to pizza, to hot and cold sandwiches, soup and salads, as well as the attendant sides, deserts, etc. You can eat it there or take it with you, and everything is dead fresh!They also have what appears to be a pretty decent deli counter with the usuals (potato salads, sliced meats, etc.). Everything looked good and fresh and the place smelled good, too (an underrated and overlooked quality in too many restaurants).I had a cubano sandwich (like a Cuban but not grilled) and Fentiman's Curiosity Cola (I haven't had one of those since the last time I was in London...it tastes like cola would taste if you soaked a tree root in it...I guess that's the "curiosity" part...delightfully different!).I didn't like the Dish at all, but I do like The Kitchen. The staff is friendly and helpful, the food comes out quickly and well prepared, and the pricing is in line with reality (three of my beefs with the Dish...OK, I'll let them Rest in Peace, now).Gabi didn't steer me wrong! Give The Kitchen a try if you're near Gainey.
2	Oooh sorry, but I'm not a fan :(  Dish used to be one of my favorite salad spots so I was really looking forward to Kitchen but ended up leaving VERY disappointed.We went a couple days ago for an early lunch and opted for some salad and sandwiches so we headed to that station.  The woman was still prepping but honestly, she saw us but decided to ignore us for a few minutes.  whatever..  When she finally decided to acknowledge us, her co-worker decided to pull her over for a discussion about bread.  At this point, I lost hope for this place.  I'm realizing lately that service is just as important as the food.  Bad service is hard to overlook.I finally got around to ordering the salad.  She dumped some romaine into the bowl and started picking out the old leaves.  She kept picking and picking and picking....  After a while, I just cancelled my salad and ordered some turkey sandwiches.  They were okay..The best thing I had for lunch was the boars head pickle.  For only 99cents, it was goooood.I like the concept of this place so maybe I'll give it another chance...  I'm hoping it was just an off day?
5	We adored The Kitchen.  We ended up having 3 meals here while we were vacationing in Arizona.  We were especially fond of the high-quality ingredients in the sandwiches and chopped salad.  The cheese plate, although expensive at $17, was worth every penny:  we were presented with a large board laden with 5 enormous hunks of cheese, dried fruits, marcona almonds and honey.  I wish they'd open a shop in Boston!
2	I have eaten lunch here (sandwich, chips, obligatory pickle), but I am specifically Yelping about the bakery.  I purchased a "Holly Go-Lightly" cake for my Mother to celebrate Mother's Day, and was really disappointed.  The price is steep (over $30 for an 8 inch cake...maybe it was even a 6 inch cake...) but I have always been willing to pay for those extra special touches.  But there was nothing special about this cake.  I admit, I was taken in by the glittered frosting, however, the frosting was not as good as most buttercream frosting on your average wedding cake.  And the [yellow] cake itself was dry.  My Mother said that maybe we did not serve it appropriately (meaning, that cake is ideally served at room temperature as opposed to directly from the refrigerator) but come on, we know good cake when we taste it, cold or warm.  So, after the "ooh" and "ahh" I received upon opening the box, that was the last of the compliments.
2	We tried to go there the other day.  I said tried because we did go there around 10:30 for a late breakfast early lunch.  My friend and I walked inside to be great by what is pretty much the same set up as Dish had.  The place seems to have everything you can think of food wise but lacks in the employee department.  We walked around trying to find some menus to order from since sandwiches or Pizza seemed a bit heavy.  Every employee stared us down like we aren't supposed to be there as we walked by but never offered assistance.  After around 10 minutes of aimlessly walking around, I went over to the Catering area and asked the lady if we could get breakfast.  She informed met that they do not have servers but if we wanted to order a la cart breakfast items we could do so at the espresso bar.  We head over to the espresso island but see nothing breakfast related on their LCD menu screen.  The guy in the island ignores as he did the previous time we stood in front of his area until I finally had to ask for a breakfast menu since it wasn't listed on the LCD screen.  He tells me they only have a la cart burrito type items but they stop serving breakfast at 10:30 and it is now 11 AM.  Umm ok?  At this point we just gave up and left.So we pretty much aimlessly walked around for 15 minutes to NOT be helped by the employees working until we had to search out workers out to help us.  I'm sure the food is wonderful, it looked wonderful but I don't know if I want to take the time to drive and then wait for someone to help me to try it out.  At least the people at Dish acted like they wanted your business.
4	Well I knew I was in trouble when I was greeted by a bakery case to my right and a plate of bread and olive oil for sampling in front of me.  I had never been to The Kitchen, nor its predecessor Dish, so I was a little confused at first.  But when good food is involved, I will find a way to figure it out.The Kitchen is a cafe and gourmet food market rolled into one.  It's broken up into "stations" that include a center deli, pizza, salads and cold sandwiches, hot dishes, and more.  You place your order at the station and are given a card to be scanned when you check out.  Want to order from more than one station?  Take your card to the next, and they'll add to it.  Check out when you're ready.  Don't forget to grab a basket because you just may want to pick up a few must haves for later.  There's also a small area for eating in and a wine bar.  I did not go back to that area, however.As for the food, I had the grilled portobello on ciabatta.  It was bursting with grilled red onion, roasted tomato, and goat cheese.  My only complaint was that it was also bursting with far too much olive oil, from the pesto I assume.  The plate was covered in it, my to-go box for my leftover half was covered in it, my plate the next day was covered in it.  I would definitely order it without or on the side next time.  For my side dish/dessert I had the sweet potato fries.  Big thick fries nice and crispy on the outside and served with both an herb aioli and cumin ketchup.  For my second dessert, I had a key lime mousse that was delicious as well.  Cold sandwiches, paninis, and salads are $6.99;  hot sandwiches are $8.99.  Not bad given the quality of the ingredients here.  I only wish The Kitchen were closer to my kitchen!
5	DUUUUDEEE, how excited am I for this place to open less than a mile from my work?????They have a 5 dollar lunch special every day from 11-3. Oh did I mention its bomb!!Yesterday it was angus burger w sweet potato fries and a gelato.. $$5.00 bucks !!!Today I got the small soup(not small at all) and a 6 inch fresh bagette (didnt cut the roof of my mouth) with avacado bacon and turkey. The bread tasted seriously like it just came from the oven . Oh and it was $$5 On mondays they do a 1/2off organic milkshake, which is super good. Best freaking deal, for real food, well just food in general. And its damn good5 stars because they use real ingredients and awesome specials.
5	Ive been here about 3 times since my last review (I'm fat) and they are very consistent. I had the $5 dollar meal of the day which was TuesdaysBurger (grill flavor and I actually got it cooked the way I asked ) Sweet potato fries (sub a dollar and well worth it) Scoop of blood orange gelato (delish) Yes all for 5 dollars well 6 because I got sweet potato fries instead of regular fries. Yesterday I got one of those magical turkey bacon avocado sammies and when I tried to pay I got declined. WTF I thought, it turned out some other company took money out unauthorized.. that's another story though. The clerk said I could pay him tomorrow and didn't make a thing about it, what??? who does that? Awesome Customer service, I of course paid today and got a taste of what my burgers should taste like :) If you came here and didn't like it, try it again it must have been an off day. I come here almost everyday and send all my coworkers here and no one has had a complaint. The website has a list of what 5dollar meal is on which day. Tomorrow its soup sandwich and cookie day yay!!!
5	WOW!!! I know I know Ive already reviewed this place. But today I tried the spicy tuna.. holy hell. I was super skeptical and dont like buying sushi from places like that but I said fuck it. I am Glad I did. I got a spicy tuna for 5.85 or was it 5.95 anyway under 6 and it was huge like double sushi. THIS WAS HANDS DOWN NO CONTEST BEST SPICY TUNA IVE EVER HAD IN AZ AND LA. The rice was soft the fish had absolutely no odd fishy flavor. had great flavor real wasabi ultra fresh ginger. Why is this place so slow at lunch, I'm like living here!!! Its soo good I almost feel bad Im paying soo little for this. IM NOT KIDDING TRY THE SPICY TUNA!!
4	I got shanghaied off to this place for dinner one night on the oh-so-usual premised of "Trust me, you're gonna love this." Ok, I'm a skeptic, but I like surprises, so I did a up-down thing the whole way.Well, "down" was blasted away when I walked in. It was, as one of my friends put it, "the best parts of an upscale grocery store ... you know, the Tiffany's of delis. But not snooty". That might be a bit excessive, but you get the point. I hopped from one place to another, sampling the bread they have right by the door, chatting with the bakery woman. As a note, the deli was closed, and I wasn't really in the mood for ordering from the "real" menu just then. The cheese section, however, brought me to a halt. (Ok, I was already slowing down and rubbernecking at the chocolate.) There was such a variety and, while I had eaten a few different cheeses before, I had no idea how to handle this display. But DeAnna, this little cheerful woman behind the counter, greeted us and was so patient and helpful; we walked off with four different cheeses that were absolutely amazing (and one whose stench was nearly lethal).  Along the very short path to the register, I also managed to detour all the way to the bakery and grab a piece of white chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting. This one was perfectly baked, not too moist nor too dry, and the frosting was wonderfully sweet without making me lunge for coffee. The wine we guided to was a bit too rough for my taste, but we did pick it up at our helper's "well if you're feeling like something snazzy and different" suggestion, so we may have stepped up to the challenge a bit unprepared. I don't know, wine's not my thing. At home, sampling all of our little goodies, I did regret not going for the prepared food section, but I'm sure I'll be back.
5	Catfish taco lunch special every Friday.  Great lunch for $5!That said, the best time of day to visit the Kitchen is happy hour - bargains on very high quality offerings.
5	Awesome awesome awesome.  Great beverage selection, good wines and cheese, adorable market with diverse delicious do dads, and friendly service make this place a must go.  The salad and sandwiches are fresh filled with unique ingredients like their Cabernet glazed onions... leading up to my most prized kitchen addition - the Napa Valley sandwich.  Herbed mayo on sourdough with the Cabernet onions, turkey, blue cheese, and field greens holy mother you will be as pleased as an Irishman with a Guinness that you got this ridiculously awesome kitchen concoction. I havent been for dinner here yet, but if its anything as good as my market lunch experience, I am sure to be a happy camper.
1	This restaurant had the same concept as "DISH" at the same location. We decided to patronize this restaurant. Was seated and waited and waited to be acknowledged by the waiter. They were all huddled at the end of the bar chit chatting. After 10 minutes I gave up and walked out because there were couples that came in after us that were approached by a waiter. Told the manager what had happened and his only reply..."I'm sorry but try us again." Would I try this restaurant again? Not in the near future.
4	We tried this restaurant, again, this past Sunday and the service was much better than the last, but there were only a family of four, a couple and an individual diner. My wife and daughter had the 2 for $20; salad, pizza and wine. I tried the Salmon and Scallop Osso Buco. All our entries were brought out at the same time. The osso buco was wonderful, scallops cooked just perfectly and with the right amount of sauce. With the specials going on this summer, it's not a bad place to drop a few dollars.
4	I just may have found my new lunch spot!  When I saw they were serving $5 lunch specials during the summer, I was a bit skeptical.  Would the portions be stingy?  Would the items be sub-par copies of the full-priced counterparts?  Nope!  Today's special was the angus burger with fries.  The made-to-order burger was big and juicy, on a super soft bun and graced with swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and remoulade.  The fries were thin and crispy, and filled over half of the plate.  $5!?  Seriously!??  To top it off, it came with a ticket for a scoop of gelato to enjoy afterward - I decided on the cheesecake - yum!I can't wait to go back and try something else very soon!How cool to get something inexpensive, without walking away feeling cheap...  :)
4	Ok, this place fucking rocks.  That said...really, it's so awesome.  The staff is incredibly friendly.  The manager struck up a conversation with my mom and I that must have lasted 15 minutes; it was great.  The Kitchen reminds me of a mash up of Whole Paycheck, Wholesome Choice (in OC) and Nugget (in Sacramento area), but a scaled down version, plus a wine bar/ bistro.  I mean really, doesn't that sound like heaven?Loves it.
4	Went to The Kitchen for a quick, late breakfast on Saturday morning with my co-worker.  Really liked it!The service at the breakfast counter and the bar was really good--everyone was friendly and down-to-earth.  I just had a turkey bagel (pre-prepared, and that had unfortunately been sitting a while), so that was just ok.  If I hadn't been in a time crunch, I'd have definitely tried a salad or sandwich, but I just needed some food in the belly.My girlfriend/co-worker and I split a bottle of Schramsberg Mirabelle Brut Rose for something like $26!  I sell that bottle for almost 3 times more where I work.  Good service, good price point.Definitely going to go back to check out some of the dinner deals they've got going on.
1	Awful - I can not say do not go enough how bad this place is - I am a bleeding heart and have given it 5 chances.   I can only hope that is closes and is replaced but a restaurant that knows what it is doing - anything at this point would be better.  Please put this - poor service unacceptable- whatever it is out of business.  The food looks as if it has sat for days in the sun, the service is beyond awful, and the people just do not seem to care.  I almost want to stop people from walking in I feel so bad when I see them heading there.  I live within walking distance and would love a cute wine bar cafe or a mini AJ's there - PLEASE- end this awful place
4	ok - I am just reviewing the "store" part and it is great!! Along the same lines as Fox & Obel in Chicago - great cheese selection, and I love the fact that they sell such small chunks! I know that sounds weird but usually you are stuck buying these huge hunks of cheese b/c that's how they package them - good idea making them small! All the salads and prepped food looked great. The bakery was mouth-watering! I wanted it all but just picked up a "Tortuga" for dessert. Yes, I suppose it looks a bit like a turtle - but inside it was all creamy delightful banana mousse and thin bottom layer of light (but a little dense) chocolate cake and covered in a tantalizing ganache. Yum!
4	Grandparents had the kids so took advantage of the opportunity to relax and with my wife checked out The Kitchen near our house in Scottsdale.  We were looking for a little nicer/unique restaurant in Scottsdale where we could grab a nice glass of wine and The Kitchen definitely lived up to our expectations.The Kitchen was a great spot (really nice atmosphere - very wide open) for that.  I would have given it a 5 star but took off 1 star as we were somewhat confused walking in as we had not been there before.  I guess during lunch they don't have table service so you go in, choose the items you want and then bring your food to the table.  We had to go to bar to get a glass of wine. If they had waiter service this would have definitely been a 5 star rating.  The experience of paying for our food, having to find a table, going back up to get our food, going somewhere else to get a drink, etc. just seemed a little confusing and unnecessary.  Ideally it would have been to place order for food and drink, pay at the register, and then someone brought us our food and drink.The food was really good though (little pricey ($10-14 per person with small side but excluding drink) but worth it.  We tried out a Jambon sandwich (Ham on Baguette), Muffaletta (Capicola, Salami, Swiss,Provolone and Olive Salad on Ciabatta), Beet Salad, and a Pad Thai Pasta side.  Of course, 2 nice glasses of wine.The Jambon Sandwich and Pad Thai Salad were quite delicious and definitely going to get that again next time.  The Pad Thai had a really great spice to it and wish I got more of that. The beets were good but not anything out of this world.  Adding some wine to the lunch made it that much better and the wine selection was really good (but a little pricey $10-15/glass).All in all if you are up for a great lunch in Scottsdale and looking for something different than a typical Scottsdale restaurant to experience definitely check out The Kitchen.
4	Made a commitment (to myself) to prepare a real Thanksgiving feast this year for the first time as a single dad - and this is a trick when my skills in the kitchen are minimal!  Yelp pointed me to The Kitchen as a source for pies - I reserved a couple of Pecan Pies - and they did not disappoint!  They were an excellent finish to a big holiday meal!  I also picked up some bread there and some cookies - all was absolutely perfect.  I will be back there every time I need some quality baked goods!
5	This place is stone solid! And it's totally worth your time.
5	Love the kitchen! so many choices and everything is incredible! its such a awesome lunch place! my boyfriend and I come here all the time for lunch and love it! Alil pricey but we live in scottsdale so what do you expect!
5	I recently  had to host a party of 60 at my home and needed to have it catered. I live right by The Kitchen and go there often for lunch...I've also been several times for dinner in the restaurant part....so it was the first place I checked out for catering and I wasn't disappointed.  They had a great catering menu options and they were a PLEASURE to deal with. Kelli - the catering manager was so wonderful, helpful and personable.  She (along with chef Jerri) helped me create a menu that worked well for my guests and my budget. She also modified it several times per my needs...and was so sweet in getting me a free latte when I came in to confirm and pay for my order. On the day of the party she arrived in plenty of time with the food and stayed for nearly an hour setting it all up for me. She was fabulous!!! The menu I chose included: Miso Glazed pepper flank steak, zucchini and squash fettuccini, veggie lasagna and mac n' cheese... there were also two kinds of salads and  an assortment of vanilla, chocolate and red velvet cake cupcakes for dessert.The guests RAVED about the food and all had a great time. The Kitchen really helped me throw a fabulous, smashing success of a party and I highly recommend them for all your catering needs!!!
1	It is sad that such a beautiful restaurant/deli is such a disappointment!! Please never waste your time going here, the food is overpriced and has no flavor what so ever.   I had gotten The Sonoma chicken sandwich for $15 and it was a disgrace!!! When I was called up to pick up my order I looked down at a piece of pita bread with a scoop of humus with barely any chicken on it.  The chicken was bland and dry and the side salad I had ordered was so terrible.  The lettuce was actually frozen!! I will never be back, please do not let yourself be taken for a ride ant this establishment.   Everything is overpriced for nothing at all!!!
5	1/22 and 1/23I ADORE The Kitchen!  So much so, I ended up visiting three times in one week :)  [Unfortunately, I only have photos from the first two visits, as I had misplaced my SD card after the third].  Wow, where do I start?  The front of the venue reminds me of an AJ's Fine Foods, or a (very) mini-Whole Foods: there's the bread aisle to your right as you walk in, cash registers to your left, and straight ahead is the cold food section where you may find deli side items (along w/ roasted veggies and crisp asparagus spears), as well as prepared paninis, which they'll grill for you, if you want.  Try the white cheddar w/ truffled butter on sourdough- to die for!  I get it EVERY time, no matter what else may strike my fancy during my stay here (and I'm here for HOURS, no exaggeration).  Beside and behind this deli counter are cases of pastries and pies, charcuterie products, and cheese!  There is also a soup kiosk, as well as a sandwich station.  There is a self-serve dining section in this room, w/ a couch, or two, and coffee table, as well as bar-height tables and chairs, and a couple of electric sockets to plug into while you utilize free wi-fi!  While the sandwich maker will happily oblige you in slicing a loaf of bread you picked up from the many shelves and even toast a few slices for you to have w/ the half-pound of Tuscan chicken salad you sampled first at the deli counter, make no mistake in thinking you'll be able to flag someone down as you dine at the self-service area.  Once you pay for your items, you're on your own.If it's effusive service you want, head over to the back of the restaurant where you'll find a wine bar to your left, a lovely dining area in the middle, and a bar counter to the right.  There's even patio dining in the back, but it was too cold to even consider that option then.  You'll find live music between 6p and 9p on Friday nights.  The times I spent there, the group Slave to the Groove played.  One of the two musicians used to be a chef :)  In between the sections of self- and full-service, you'll find a coffee bar, featuring Portland Roasting Company coffee, where you may also purchase pastries, such as muffins, cookies, and scones, and to its right, you will find the pizza/hot grill station, where pizzaiolos/cooks busily prepare your pizzas, burgers, sandwiches, or even roast prime rib while you wait!  (The lay-out of TK is, to me, nicely done.  I wish my home could feel like this!  Oh, and did I mention there is free wi-fi??  Not hard to imagine that I've spent hours here, now, is it?)Before I go on and on, let me just list a few items I really enjoyed: 1. White cheddar panini w/ truffled butter, $4 (don't forget to have it pressed!).  Perfect w/ that $5 glass of wine during happy hour.2. Prosciutto, goat cheese, fig, and arugula bruschetta w/ aged balsamic vinaigrette- a great deal on their happy hour menu!3. Apple crumble w/ vanilla-bean ice cream!p.s.  Their caffe latte is superb!  I have it w/out sugar, so that I can justify splurging on a cookie (or two!)- the white chocolate macadamia nut or the oatmeal-raisin pairs up well.  (I'd pass on the chocolate chip cookie- the chips used aren't of great quality, IMHO).   Whether you're here for lunch, happy hour, coffee break, or dinner, you'll find The Kitchen a worthwhile choice.  (Did I mention they also serve breakfast?  Menu looks divine; I haven't been, but if someone sets up a breakfast UYE here, I'll try my best to attend!)
5	Can't get enough! Impressed with every visit.  Randomly stopped in with a friend to see if was an option for lunch...we stayed and loved it!  We had the pizza and lunch special...it was a huge portion, tasted awesome and very well priced!  Just went back with the same friend as it is now our meeting spot and tried breakfast!  It was just as good as lunch!  My friend had the Challah french toast which was the best. I ordered a build your own omelet which was yummy along with the breakfast potatoes! The coffee bar is good too!
1	THEY LOST THEIR LEASE...it is CLOSED.
5	***CLOSED***Had dinner at Bloom two nights ago and noticed it was lights out (and no sign) at The Kitchen.  Asked our server when TK had closed- "about two or three months" ago.  How could so much time have elapsed w/out any news of this (on Yelp, no less!)?
5	Im soo sad. I was going to come here on my trip back to AZ :(
