5	For a Chinese buffet, this place is as pretty good as it gets.  China Buffet just opened on Independence Blvd where an old Olive Garden used to be.  It can be a little tricky to get to, but it's worth the stop.  They've made some HUGE improvements inside and out, giving it a beautiful, modern appearance.  The restaurant was very clean inside, and a lot of details were put into the decor and dining rooms.  The most imaginative is the entrance to the restaurant where it looks/feels like you're standing underneath a starlit evening sky.  The doorway leading into the restaurant rivals PF Chang's as well.The food offerings were pretty extensive and flavorful.  I sampled several items and nowhere near tried even a quarter of the items on the multiple buffet tables.  There's something for everyone, including kids who may be fussy about foods.  The sushi offerings were greater than most Chinese buffets; there were more unique offerings than the traditional California roll.  And I didn't even get to touch the big salad bar or the made-to-order Hibachi option!  The price was pretty reasonable for dinner, too, considering all of the items that China Buffet had to offer.  Everything was great, and it's probably the only Chinese buffet in the Charlotte area I'd consider in the future.
4	Great decor. Probably the best looking Chinese Buffet I've seen. Stick to the fresh items. The hibachi bar, soup and sushi. The other items have little flavor.
5	Nice evening meal here...lots of fresh fruits.  Nice made to order soup bar..  the blue crab are fresh and tasty.  Even salad selection is healthy. I really enjoyed dip you own ice cream and deserts also very good. plus the restaurant is really beautiful and new...clean goes for the best reason to try here!!!
5	Food is excellent and the service is too. I like to arrive when they open because the good is fresh & hot. If you're a meat eater, they have it all except for dog or cat, which I think is illegal to sell in the US. They do have beef, pork & chicken. On the seafood side, they have plenty of shrimp, fish & scallop dishes. They also have a great selection of sushi and sushimi. Did I mention they have a hibachi grill also? You pick what you want and they prepare it for you. If you're a full blown vegetarian, they have lots for you too! I even spotted some tofu in the sweet & sour soup, which is very good also. So the newest Chinese buffet on Independence is a hit!
5	Honestly when my friend wanted to drag me here I was not down. But the inside is gorgeous and the food is legitimately good. They have a hibachi buffet where you pick the re ingredients for your hibachi and give it to the chef, which is awesome. Plus all of the rest of the stuff is pretty good too. Highly recommend!!!
2	Not very happy on this visit tonight. Food seemed to be cold and not very fresh. I guess the best time to go is when they open for lunch and the food is hot and fresh, plus no kids have contaminated anything yet with their dirty hands! Ew.
5	This buffet was prettt amazing and they had a soup bar and the shrimp soup i had was fanominal. It is tricky to get to it but its totally worth it. I would recommend it and also their habachi is prety great. It was lovely and the decoration was very nice. Ibwill surely go again.
5	Very decent for a Chinese buffet.  I think dinner was about $15-16 per person.  For the price I was hoping for crab legs but I didn't see any.  There were enough quality dishes to make up for that however.  There was plenty of other seafood dishes so I was happy.  The food was hot and the booths were packed.  This place is new and clean so that gets a few stars right there.  I definitely will be back but $16 per person makes this place more of a treat than a regular place for me and my girlfriend ($16x2 plus drinks, tax, and tip gets pricey....almost Tin Tin prices but no crab legs).This place is worth checking out if you are on the fence, as far as I can tell this is the new place to try if you like Chinese buffets.
4	After realizing that Tin Tin is a steep $23/person for dinner on a weeknight, China Buffet was our next choice for a friend's birthday dinner. For $12/person, you can't beat this place! Pretty standard Chinese buffet food, but it was tasty! I especially liked the lo mein and teriyaki chicken. I will be back, especially for the to-go option (4.99/lb for lunch, 5.99/lb for dinner)!
5	Best buffet in Charlotte . I think the food worth every your penny. The soup was greats
