2	I have been to this buffett once.  I am not sure if the restaurant is always that dirty or if I came after a big rush.  As for the food, it was mediocre at best.  One thing I did enjoy quite a bit was the crab rangoon.  However, the meal as a whole was not even close to great.
4	Having eaten day before yesterday at Hunan VIII Oriental Buffet, which is almost across the street, it was time to try New China Buffet here & see which one rules!This friendly, inexpensive, fairly large place is nice inside & features about 75 food items, plus condiments.  I came at opening time, got settled into a comfortable booth as other customers started filing in.  It wasn't long until there was an impressive crowd of diners on hand for a Wednesday morning!I started with some good Won Ton Soup, & then some really good sushi!!  Then there were roasted peanuts for the salad, a nice touch, & some delicious crab salad, too.  There were two styles of fried rice available, as well as white rice.  I had the yellow fried rice, & liked it, & the fried chicken was excellent.I was enjoying everything else I was having, too, when I overheard a group of Yelpies raving & rating a couple of booths away!  One guy said, "Well, THAT'S 5-Stars, right there!"  (I don't know what he was pointing to, but at this place it could have been almost anything!)A wide assortment of help-yourself drinks are available here, including coffee & milk, & are included in the low prices of $$6.48, $5.83 Sr.Excellent place here, & a tick better than Hunan VIII, in my opinion.
2	Mmmhhhh... It was okay.  The orange chicken was good; everything else is better at Hunan VIII across the street.
1	Nope, sorry.  I cannot pass anything but the price here.  My bill was $9.99...if it had been 2 pennies more, I'd be mad.  We ended up here after we found out that the Hunan VIII across the street was closed for remodeling until AUGUST:(  I had suggested Hunan VIII after getting coupons and reading decent reviews here...so I was a bit embarrassed by the place being closed (not a short drive for any of us, either). I could tell by the outside of the place.  Yeah yeah, whatever about judging books by their covers...all that went out the window with this place.  Maybe its because I was really excited about Hunan, but I saw wavy stink lines rising from this place when I pulled up.  Sillyishly, I followed my cousins in...  I looked around as we stood in line and then did the dumbest thing of all...I paid.Now I'll start my review in the bathroom, because that's where I headed first to check on my lil' cuz who really had to go before we got there I guess.  Kitchen, women's bathroom, men's bathroom, and the door to outside were all in this little hall, which isn't a big deal cause you see that all the time.  But this time, it just seemed...icky, and dark, and foreboding.  And the bathroom had sticky floors.  Minus one star for any establishment.  Get some friggin Pine-sol.So I finish checking on him and head for the food.  Was it really 70 something dishes there?  I guess, but it didn't really seem like it.  Just looking at everything, it seemed decent, just a little low-budget.  I was ok at that point because I knew I paid only 10 bucks for a buffet.  So I made my plate, and became disappointed with the offerings.  Too many similar chicken dishes.  Too many things with shells that needed peeling.  And upon a closer look at what I was heaping on my plate, it all looked...off.Sat down and realized there was no beverage.  Self-serve; I like self-serve beverages.  Two dispenser machine things, your very basic selections but I guess you don't need that many at a buffet.  But it was so unkempt in this spot...like nothing but kids came up to get drinks with no supervision.  You know what I mean.Finally dug in.  Nope.Potstickers?  So greasy it feels like I STILL need to wipe my mouth.Chicken on a Stick?  That didn't taste like any chicken I've ever had...and if it wasn't chicken, it wasn't pork, beef, or anything else.Pepper Chicken?  All pepper, no chicken taste...and black table pepper at that.Saucy chicken, beef, pork dishes?  All sauces were terrible, all meats tasted like a different, unidentifiable meat.  Not exaggerating.Rangoons?  Plenty of goon; almost ran.  I opened one up and there was this greasy and crumbly 'stuff' in there, and very little of it at that.Wings?  They had hot and regular fried.  Bad texture ruined a halfway decent taste for the fried...and the hot seemed like it had some of the same horrid sauce from other dishes on them.Didn't touch anything with shells.  One of the kids got crab legs...the smallest crab legs I've EVER seen.  She loves crab legs but didn't even finish the 3 she had.Another cuz, gagged on the egg foo young.  I caught the rest picking at their plates with forks, but eventually scarfed it all down due to hunger.  One did say he enjoyed it...but he is easily pleased with food.This was the least I've ever eaten at a buffet.  I couldn't get past how unclean it all seemed, and I'm not usually that kind of out-eater.  I kept tasting the food with the tip of my tongue before I let it all in my mouth, afraid I would taste something extra horrid.  Can't speak of the service.  They came and got plates.  Job done.Food was brought out at a good rate. The first bad buffet I've been to.  But hey, there were plenty of other customers...well not plenty, but enough.  So oh well.
1	Unfortunately, this place has really gone downhill since I last ate here & reviewed it.  Today's visit was with Mike C., Robyn N., & Jeromy H.  The first negative for me was that the bathroom had only one of those silly blowers to dry your hands after washing them, & you couldn't even substitute ass gaskets for paper towels because they didn't have them either.  That left me trying to turn off the faucets without touching them after washing my hands, as well as opening the door.  At least there was some toilet paper.  Also, of course, I got tired of standing there with my wet hands in the wind waiting for them to get dry, & left with them wet.Out at the serving tables, there were 67 food items, plus sauces & dressings, but there were three empty, unused food trays, which is not ok.  They need to put SOMETHING in all the trays.  Also, the food was allowed to run out in four of the other trays that I noticed, & not refilled during my visit.  That's not ok either.I started with a bowl of Won Ton Soup.  It was not only cold, it tasted as if it didn't have a speck of salt in it.  In fact, ALL OF the "hot" food that was out was barely above room temperature.  What's up with THAT?  Also, nothing was identified, & more of the food was ucky for reasons other than being cold.  For instance, the Sushi was tough & rubbery (both the seaweed & the rice), & the Orange Chicken had lots of fat.  Late during my meal, I went for a cup of serve-yourself coffee, but it had been allowed to run out, & they just shut it off.  This is all near opening time, a little after 11 AM.For dessert, I tried the soft serve "ice cream", but it was the wateriest, most awful stuff I've ever seen come out of one of those machines.Lunch Buffet is $6.99/6.29 Sr. including beverage, but skip it!
2	This first paragraph is a 1 to 2 starness......Well for starters they had empty trays, and the empty trays were the hottest ones that is there was steam coming off of them. In other words most of the food was cold. This place must've been severely understaffed because they didn't get the plates off our table till long after we'd gotten another. They were letting the food trays run empty for 10 and 15 minutes at a time.This second paragraph is the 3 to 4 starness......the food may have been cold but some of it was very good, in that the spicing was done correctly. Often Chinese buffets spicy dishes are not quite as spicy as they need to be in my book to be called spicy. The price was good and the drink was included but that's not enough to make up for all the inequities. It was pretty much unanimous at the time we left our little UYE Rand H. Mike C. Robyn N and myself all agreed and said in the parking lot as we left two stars. Rand H. upon further contemplation came to one star. And only because some of the food was fairly good did I stay at two stars. I hope they get it right, but I won't be going back there anytime soon.
2	Had lunch here today with Robyn N. Jeromy H. and Rand H, Well for starters almost everything at the buffet was room temp. The food was not bad but would have been better hot.The soft serve ice cream was a real watery type. Any way dont waste your time here there is better across the street.
1	We have gone to Hunan VIII for a while now on the regular (every Wednesday), so we decided one week to try the place across the street. I wish I could get that meal back. It was too packed, too dirty, and too greasy. There was food all over the ground. We even had to wipe down the seats, table, and high chair. The tables were too mashed up close to each other, that it even felt like a clown car. Besides all of the ridiculousness mentioned above, as we walked in and out we were annoyed by a couple guys selling rosaries and candles outside of the restaurant.
1	This place needs negative stars! The only good thing I have to say about it is that after argueing with the cashier, we finally got our money back and were able to go somewhere else to eat. Both my husband and I were not happy about the thought of paying $18 to leave still hungry.   I wanted to like New China, but the food was all cold, either tasteless or tasted spoiled, I couldn't find someone to get me water to drink and some things tasted spoiled.  I spit more food into napkins than I ate and finally, after going back to the buffet to try a few different items (all equally disappointing and spit into napkins) I went to the cashier and asked to speak to the manager.  she asked to see my receipt and then proceeded to argue that we'd been there for 20 min. and obviously had eaten something and claimed that in the 13 yrs of their business no one had ever complained! Seriously??? After showing her our plates with rejected food and napkins filled with garbage, reluctantly, she refunded our money.  My advice to diners is to go somewhere else. I should have read these yelp reviews before trying new restaurants.  We had a burger and fries at Five Guys..they never let us down!
1	BEWARE!!!  THEY ARE STEALING YOUR MONEY!!!  Not only should the board of health shut this vile place down (and I am almost embarrassed to write this which means I actually went there) due to the food they are serving having major issues, but they are still charging 9.05% sales tax!!!!  The stated dropped the 1% extra on 3/31/13, so this place has been charging its customers that extra 1% for almost 1.5 years!!!   so to the place:  the booths are all torn, the floor needs a massive cleaning, chinese mustard should not be brown, oily and look like fecal matter from a dog!!!How are placing like this ALLOWED to be open???
1	Disgusting... Need to be shut down, maybe we should have clued in when they make your pay first.
