4	Dropped in on my way to Verizon next door. Just skimming frames etc.  Nice, clean ...modern feel to it.  There's a nice/hip selection of frames. Average price ($100-$200).  Now, the frames in the cases are $400+  ouch!   Not the same ole cookie cutter crap as other places.    Staff is really nice.  The owner (Viki Christopoulos) came out and showed me a few frames.  Heck, she even went over  what my insurance covers line per line.  How cool is that?
1	The service here is good and their frames are very trendy, cute, out of the ordinary, well priced (about 1/2 the price than the local trendy eye stores) but the Lab they use is awful.My prescription is high (-8.00), I ordered the super thin lenses and the AR (anti-reflective) coating, I paid for the most expensive AR. The Lab they use not only chipped my frames when they put the lenses in but they put an AR coating that still showed the glare drastically. The lady that helped me (Rita) was very kind to order a new frame of the same style and sent back the frames to re-do the AR coating. The AR coating is still not right, I can see a lot of glare; it makes my glasses look cheap and the prescription looks a lot stronger. I really don't like wearing them... The glasses I got previously from another local eye store, I paid double the price of these but they have a great AR coating, it's like I'm not even wearing lenses! No glare at all.I guess you get what you pay for. I won't be getting glasses here again, I rather save up more money and go back where I went to three years ago.
4	Very friendly staff, great service, and very easy to make appointments.  The only reason this review isn't five stars is that I found their selection of frames to be pretty one-dimensional: there were lots of "hip" frames, but I was looking for something more sporty and/or urban.  I eventually found a decent set of frames, but they don't compare at all in heft or sturdiness to my former Oakley frames.Oh, and they don't grind lenses on site, so be prepared to wait a week or two for your glasses to be ready.
2	Each day I put on these glasses I'm reminded of the unsatisfactory service and finished product received here. Very nice store and front desk person, very nice Dr. V and support person Rita... but OMG the lab they use just sucks. First return to try on my new glasses, I couldn't see. Second visit 10 days later... better but still not able to leave with them. Third visit I reluctantly took them because Rita let me know my 30 return period was about up. Are you kidding me??? They've never even left the store!!! Again, very nice people, cool store, good inventory... but a disappointing experience.
2	Update to my original review on EyepolisIn response to my review I received a card in the mail:Hi Richard,Just to let you know we have changed lab. I will give you discount on new glasses.Sorry!Rita :-(
2	I also received a card in the mail from the receptionist, Rita, that said they have their changed lab and they will give me a discount on a new pair of glasses. It is very nice of her do that but I already wasted a lot of money on a pair of glasses I will never wear.
1	Wow dont even know what happened. Arrived on time and waited 40 minutes before my exam.  Frames extremely overpriced and selection lacking (no high fashion frames Prada, Versace etc). Handed my glasses over to the receptionist who gave them back to me stating " you better take them back with you, the doctor won't remember to take them back with her if I give them to her". What an amazing vote of confidence!   Then I went in for my exam with the "doctor" who lectured me on sleeping in contacts for 3 full minutes and  was told if I am going to sleep in my contacts I might as well leave now and "go to a chain eyewear store as it is not worth the $40 to blind me".  Refused to give me an eye exam because she didn't believe I wouldn't sleep in my lenses and because I requested a prescription at end of exam.  Great, just what a 31 year old professional needs: an unsolicited lecture in a patronizing tone from a pretentious holier than thou "medical doctor who specializes in corneas" AKA an effing optometrist!!!  Go somewhere else, anywhere else!
