4	This is the kind of cute country style gift shop that you have to wind and weave your way through. The air is filled with the smell of potpourri & it's brimming with Christmas decorations. Most of the things there are seasonal, so it's like the country version of the north pole right now, but it does have other things. Jewelry, scarves, decorations, paintings, candles & even a couple of unique foods. I purchased a locally made chip/veggie dry dip mix that had a funny name as a gift :) Although this is a great place to ooh & aah like a kid in a candy store, this is probably not a great place for kids. Too many little things that break :)
5	Wonderful country store. Christmas time was nice with unique ornaments and decorations. I purchased a table here not too long ago, good quality and i constantly receive compliments on the piece.
5	Best little country gift shop you will ever find! Owners are there daily, and are friendly, and helpful! I urge you to visit this delightful shop!
2	Cool Americana, country, rustic, candles, furniture, and paint to name a few, but our favorite was their beautiful Collie that roams the store while you shop.  Also very delicious complimentary cookies, and refreshing iced tea.  On another note, the prices were way too high, and the staff at the registers weren't very friendly, almost rude.  We probably won't be back anytime soon.
5	I love this place! Cute items for sale here and was great for Christmas shopping. Great for all year round shopping. I love seeing their well mannered Collie and the owners/ staff are very nice. Will definitely return and have told several people about this cute little place. Love it!!
4	Sometimes you just need to pet a dog and remember life is meant to go on. Hailey, the store mascot, is their best staff member! Cute unique gifts and decor in this place. They carry Brighton products also, if you're into that sort of thing.
5	These folks are very nice! I've shopped here many of times for items in my home. Quality is great , many of the items I own are still in great shape and I've moved them many of times. I was sad when they reduced in size but I understand the cost. Great people and stuff!
