3	Must there always be an overwhelming musty smell to greet you with such shops. Like Edinburgh Bargains stores, Bargain Spot secretes a stale odour that just plain puts me off.Indeed, like many other bargain stores it's full of cheap toiletries, useful tools and horribly tacky jewellery. The pull factor with these places is that every now and then, you'll find a peachy giveaway and be thankful for it. Although it seems until your next visit, the musty smell continues to accumulate.
4	While Samuel is right on the money with regards to the stench emanating from Bargain Spot, the name alone of the store should be enough to tell you that it's clientele are unlikely to be the types whom give any consideration to personal hygiene. It's sort of a mixture of stale urine, cheap plastic and vinegar, but when you're shopping somewhere that doesn't even bother pretending to be anything other than a dump, it adds to the atmosphere if anything.Usual mix of hardware, homeware and cheap novelty shite. Good but not quite as good as Ali's Cave nearby.
2	It's basically what it says on the tin: A bargain store with relatively cheap toiletries and bric-a-brack alongside horrible gimmicks and bad taste jewelry (which I hope is for dress-up purposes only). Sure the guys at the till don't waste their smiles on you and they do follow you around with their eyes in case you decide to loot their precious stock (which really is not worth the trouble) but you can find some stuff affordable here when all else fails.Previous reviews have mentioned the smell. I can add to that- it's all true and it really does smell, but this shop is not pretending to be something its not. You want a bargain store you got a bargain store, you didn't mention you wanted a nice smelling one as well.
3	Sometimes you want to buy an item that you know will be on sale somewhere, but you can't think where.  To buy such an item, this is probably one of the best places to come.You've probably seen these sorts of shops on your travels.  It's quite hard to describe what they sell because of the apparantly random nature of their goods on offer.  I'm sure there's some sort of system to what they stock, but I sure haven't discovered it.What they do sell is of decent value - enough to tempt you to buy instead of looking elsewhere, but not cheap either.  For the goods you can't buy elsewhere look here and at Ali's Cave and buy at whichever is cheapest.
3	Whether or not Bargain Spot really is a great place for a bargain is probably very relative to your standards. Don't expect to pick up some designer perfume or high brow jewellery for half the price. Expect standard, or sub standard, toiletries and plastic dress up crowns.Bargain Spot is basically like an up market (dare I say it) pound store. It's full of non specific bits and bobs, mostly household goods, tools, gifts and cheap toys. however you'd be surprised just how many useful things you can pick up here. I use this place in particular for cheap wrapping paper around Christmas. As price goes, there are certainly no complaints. The staff aren't particularly friendly but they aren't rude either. More indifferent to your existence.
