3	Worth a try!Nice and New Pretty and Modern with a Bar and reasonably priced wine and beer .I never had Black Pepper Fish at a Chinese Restaurant so I decided to give it a try and it came out piping hot ( temperature ) with green peppers and onions and mushrooms . The fish ( I think Tilapia ) was nice and moist and light and this dish is listed on the menu as spicy but it was  mild in an easy to eat light brown sauce that had the black pepper taste in the back-round . I liked that you have the option to have brown rice for a fifty cent upgrade charge so I did .My husband tried the Szechwan Pork it also had a nice vegetable to meat ratio and also the sauce is very light and more mildly flavored than other places we had Szechwan at .They offer some dishes I haven't seen elsewhere and I didn't have the Kung Pao or the Orange Chicken but the people who sat behind us did and it looked very good .Our food came out fast and together , all the servers were pleasant .Three stars is a Very High Rating for Chinese in this Area most I feel are two stars .
4	They have nice lunch specials. I tried the lemon chicken and it was very good. Not overly breaded and the sauce wasn't overpowering. The egg drop soup was pleasant, not too salty and the egg roll very good. All food came out hot and fresh. Clean place and friendly service.*the only reason I didn't give 5 stars, when you get take-out or delivery you don't get the soup with your special. They have it clearly noted on their menu but we miss getting the soup if we are unable to dine-in.
4	the food was great.i ordered the chicken and vegetables and it came out hot,fresh,and big in portion size.the pieces of chicken were big and plentiful, not stringy or fatty at all.the brown garlic sauce was amazing too.the service was excellent.try the pomengranite martini,it's delicious and only cost like $5.75 for a decent size glass made with sky vodka.i expected it to cost $7 or $8 when i saw it,but was pleasantly surprised when the bill came.the decor is modern,clean and sleek.however the location is kinda drab.it's in a fry's parking lot next to a coffe shop and pizza place.the hot and sour soup and spring rolls are to die for too.i definately reccomend this place.
4	Great place for fresh Chinese food. The prices for all the dishes were very reasonable.It's an open restaurant so you can see everybody in the whole restaurant, but I didn't expect much for a strip mall bistro.A lot of customers were coming in for takeout.Be very patient if you dine in. The service is a bit slow,but the food & prices are well worth the wait.Order the house specialties,they are delish and again the prices on them are also inexpensive.
4	Stopped in for lunch recently, and ordered the lunch specials. Attentive service, good food (both the kung pao chicken and the szechwan shredded pork were exceptionally tasty), large portions (neither my wife nor I could finish), and very reasonably priced. A good place, and we will certainly revisit when we find ourselves in that 'hood.
5	Came here yesterday for lunch and for $6.95 I got a HUGE plate of orange chicken with rice and it came with a cream cheese won-ton and egg roll.  I split the plate and actually got 2 meals out of it!  Did I mention the orange chicken was awesome!  It makes Panda Express look like well...Panda Express.  The chicken does not have a huge amount of breading and the orange sauce was delish.  The atmosphere is pretty nice for being in a grocery store strip mall.  It is full service dining or take out and they even deliver.  I highly recommend this place and will going back again soon.
4	I feel lucky to have a high quality Chinese place like Tao Kitchen within a mile of my home. I am a huge fan of their barbeque pork egg foo young. I could easily make 3 meals out of this dish. There are 3 omelets, a sizable portion of steamed white rice, and a soup bowl of egg foo young sauce.I also enjoy dining in at Tao. The restaurant is immaculate, the staff is friendly, courteous and attentive. I am a stickler about keeping my beverage full, and they are always on top of it.Note: Dine in vs. take out, specials that come will not come with soup if taken to go. To go... NO SOUP FOR YOU!
5	This place has great food!  I love the moo goo gai pan and the orange chicken.  Ask for their homemade hot mustard with your order, it is very good!
5	Very delicious food. Their lunch specials are awesome! You get a good amount of food.
4	After trying every Chinese restaurant remotely near our neighborhood, we finally made the rounds to Tao Kitchen Asian Bistro and I'm so happy we did!  My family ordered a variety of dishes and appetizers including potstickers, veggie egg rolls, crab puffs, egg flower soup, hot and sour soup, orange chicken, house fried rice, chow mein and sweet and sour pork - a taste of almost everything - and we were very pleased overall.   The egg flower soup could have had a bit more flavor and the potstickers were slightly over-done (definitely "stuck" to the pot too long), but everything still tasted nice. Their prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is comfortable.  We have also had take out and were very pleased with it as well.  Tao Kitchen will certainly be our go-to for Chinese food in the future.
4	My family gets take-out from this restaurant all the time. They have the best orange chicken ever!  Much better than the other restaurant that shall remain nameless but rhymes with BF Langs. Tried the lettuce wraps for the first time tonight and they are awesome. My only concern is I rarely see diners eating in the restaurant. I hope they can survive on take-out alone.....
2	Yet again I am disappointed with Arizona's selection of ethnic food. Well, maybe its just the Glendale/Peoria area. Had the chicken chow mein and beef broccoli with added veggies. Noodles were way too soft, practically "mushy" and both items were extremely greasy. The beef was tender but you could taste the MSG in everything. Good sized portions but I wouldn't pay the price again for the quality. Probably won't come back here, would rather eat at PF Changs (even though its not real chinese food).
2	Well I just wasted 38 bucks....never again
5	This place is awesome! Granted I have only had the classics like chicken low mein, orange chicken, and fried rice. But the orange chicken is juicy, crispy, and full of flavor. I would definitely recommend. Great service! We got our order in less than 5 minutes!
5	I love their orange chicken
3	The food was good, portions huge, and there was a good variety on the menu.  However it took us an hour and 12 minutes from arrival to getting our food, even though the place wasn't full.  So worth it for the food quality and portions, but be prepared for a long wait to get it.
3	Formerly Tao Kitchen, Dao Kitchen Asian Bistro is a lovely dine-in or take-out place with a decent selection of beers and wines. It's very clean and the staff is attentive and friendly. It's great for take-out and delivery on the weekends when you don't feel like cooking or being around people.The Mongolian Beef is very good, but the Garlic Chicken has way too much cabbage. Both claim to be spicy dishes but really aren't. The Orange Chicken and the Kung Pao chicken are also very good but lacking in heat. In general, the food is good but not very spicy, so if you like heat, you'll have to ask for it or add it yourself.
3	We got take out here. I had the orange chicken which was pretty good. The fried rice looked like white rice with some soy sauce. No veggies and only a few pieces of egg- pretty disappointing (maybe I ordered wrong) but overall taste was good. My husband had egg drop soup and general tso's chicken. He enjoyed his meal. We will be back here - just probably won't get the fried rice again.
5	Wow the food was delivered immaculately if you order anything from this restaurant you must let it be House lo mein ask for extra shrimp you will not be dissatisfied also their fried shrimp is absolutely amazing delivered to your house beautifully could not ask for more
2	The service was great. The staff was friendly. The food wasn't. Bad but it wasn't good. Didn't have much flavor. I wouldn't recommend this place as the food really isn't all that great.
5	We had to meet someone nearby and needed a bite to eat and it was either this Asian Kitchen or the Italian place next door. I'm glad we went here. The food was fresh and served hot and the service was great . The place looked neat and clean and was very reasonably priced. We will definitely be going back.
4	Good food, great prices!
2	I had seen the four starts from my fellow Yelpers and decided to take my wife for dinner the other night.  I had big hopes, especially since it was walking distance from my home.We were disappointed.  Yes, 'Meh, i've experienced better.' is a good way to put it.  We were served oil soaked eggroll skins as a snack - awlfu.  We ordered cocktals that were hevily advertised to then see the waitress reading in a book how to make them.  They were weak and uninspired.We ordered a special seafood hot pot. Which was ok, but too filled with tofu.We ordered a Peking pork, which was served with mu shu pancakes and hosin sauce and a whole bunch of celery.  I mean a ton of celery.  Cheap filler?  We ordered brown rice and fried rice as sides.  When they arrived we could not distinguish one from the other.  We even asked her to confirm, thinking she made a mistake.  No, she confirmed it.  The fried rice had no other veggies or bits of meat or even a browned color.Sure, i will give it another try, but I have a few more places to try first.Also note - as of our visit on 9/30/13, they no longer have any happy hour specials or offers.
1	I called in a Take-Out order about 20 minutes before they closed.  I ordered curry chicken and when I got it home, about half way through eating it I noticed there was NO chicken.  Are you serious?  How does that happen?  I was hoping some of the potato clumps might actually be chicken, but no such luck.  The curry sauce tasted like it was made from a powder base that wasn't dissolved very well.  I ended up throwing away the second half.  First and last adventure with Tao.
4	Great food. Great delivery service. I have not eaten in the restaurant just do take out and delivery.
5	We're from San Diego where great Chinese food is everywhere. This place is probably the best we've had on this side of town. Great lunch specials and the dinners are good as well. Casual atmosphere but nice.
5	Everything we ordered was delicious.  Hot and sour soup was really tasty and full of flavor. We had the usual chinese double of Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao shrimp. We loved both dishes and will definitely stop by again when in the area.
5	Love their Chinese food, very fast service and always tastes great. I get the lomein and the beef and broccoli and it's delicious :)
2	I've lived near this place for 11 years. In that time it's been several different names of a Chinese restaurant. Right now it's actually called Dao not Tao. Last night I ordered delivery from them and was incredibly disappointed. I got the spring rolls, crab puffs, orange chicken and Mongolian beef. It was edible but that's about it. The beef had more white onions than anything else which really killed any possibility of flavor. The orange chicken was blah as well. Only bright side were the spring rolls and crab puffs. However for the prices they charge the flavor should be much better. Needless to say I won't be ordering from them again just not worth over paying for blah food.
1	I have hopping this would be good because of the reviews.  I should have walked out when I noticed I was the only one in the restaurant.  I ordered a special with sweet and sour pork and Mongolian beef. The pork smelled bad and it was very dry. The beef was ok but after the smell of the pork you just did not feel like eating anything. So sorry to say we won't be going back to this place. I took the order to go.
5	The food at Tao Kitchen is so fresh & always flavorful.  The service is always friendly & helpful as well as speedy. It's great for take out, delivery or dine-in. Not full of dusty gross cliche plastic decorations.  This place is definitely a favorite in my home.
1	I will never be back. I was rushed to order when at about 12:30 only three people were at the restaurant. Then when I ordered the lunch special they forgot to bring my soup. Whoever said the hot and sour soup was terrible was dead on. The meat doesn't even taste good in it. The orange chicken tasted like ketchup or vinegar. The fried rice was not good. The service was rushed and unfriendly. I can go to a place and eat even if the service isn't good.The food was terrible. The only decent thing I ate was the egg roll and wonton. Not sure if it was just the cook, but even the staff seemed as though they were arguing. And to top it off my fortune cookie had no fortune when opened. It seemed as bough it was the icing on the cake. When all and all I am mostly disappointed in my lunch choice.
2	I'm dropping my review from a 4 to a 2. Cleanliness and service are a 5 and the taste of the food and portion size is a 4 or 5, but after our last 2 experiences I feel that they use a ton of MSG which is uncool. After consuming just a small portion of our meals, we're overly full and then bloat up and are very uncomfortable for hours. After 3+ years of visiting this establishment, our last 2 visits have left me feeling absolutely miserable and not worth it!
