5	Offbeat and Unique is a great new electronic cigarette store in Gilbert!  I was pleasantly surprised by my whole experience here, Bethany and T.J. have put a lot of heart and thought into their venture.  They have carefully selected their products and are very knowlegable on the whole vaping experience.  I was encoraged to try many different types of flavoring to find the one that I really enjoyed.  I am brand new to this world and was really overwhelmed by the choices, they took away all the anxiety and provided a great, relaxing, shopping experience.
5	Cant say enough good things about this store.  Went in today by myself because it was on the way.  First of all, the shop looks just great.  Its nice and open and it's very approachable.  Talked with the owners for a while just about vaping in general and what kind of things I like.  The great part is they know what they like but are very open to hear what vapers want.  They even had some hand blown glass drip tips which I was looking for and they had the exact black cherry marshmallow I was just recommended no more than 12 hours before.  A great place to buy vaping stuff and a very comfortable place to hang out.
5	I am so incredibly happy this store opened. Not only is the location convenient, but the owners are some of the friendliest people I've met. Although the shop is new, they have everything a novice or advanced vaper could want. Bethany and TJ have definitely done their home work on what the customer wants. Did I mention you can sample every single flavor they sell? I sat there for an hour and a half sampling everything I could and not once did I sense I was being rushed or pressured to buy anything, although I happily did.
5	So you can bounce around to all of the new vape shops opening up to try and find what you want. Or you can come to OB&U and get everything that you could ever want. Just starting out....they have you covered. Veteran vaper looking for some high end offerings....got that, too. It's nice to find a place that carries quality, industry leading gear and offer it at a fair price. Juice you say? Multiple brands that are some of the best I've tasted! Atmosphere? Right here! Comfortable, clean and just well put together! I can't say enough about TJ and Bethany! They hit the nail on the head with OB&U!!! Great job guys! Keep up the good work!!!
5	All I can say is WOW!Catering to the "New Vapers" you won't find a more hands on experience anywhere. Try all their flavors on Kanger mini protank 2s, not cheap plastic atomizers that ruin the flavor.They also carry mechanical and regulated mods, along with drippers for the advanced users too!And it's my way of picking up my favorite flavors without waiting on the mailmanBethany and TJ have done it right
5	A couple friends and I went to check this place out because it was nearby and needless to say it was one of the best experiences I have ever had. We went in to check the place out, see what they carried and I chatted a bit with the owners to get some knowledge on the products with me being new to the concept. Some of the nicest people I have ever met. I almost felt bad for not buying anything that trip but great customer service goes a long way especially when you own your own business. I definitely will be going back.
5	My wife and I have tried various other vape shops in the past, and although we never had any real problems with the others, none of them impressed us.....until we walked into OB&U today.The shop is very nice, well stocked, and extremely comfortable.  Both Bethany and TJ were great!  You always hear that quality customer service is a thing of the past, and unfortunately, in many cases that is true....but I can tell you without hesitation that OB&U is the exception.I realize that there are a growing number of vape shops opening around the valley, and many people would usually go to the shop closest to their home.  In the case of OB&U, even if you don't live in the Gilbert area, they are definately worth the drive!!
5	Awesome vape shop. Love these guys. I won't go anywhere else for my vaping needs. Bethany & TJ are amazing with answering any and all questions you may have. Very warm and friendly atmosphere.
5	AMAZING!!! There is only one way to describe this place and that is it.I have toured a bunch of the stores in AZ, and this one is by far the best. The most open, clean and bright layout I have seen! They have almost anything you could be looking for as far as hardware and their juice selection is way beyond anything I have seen yet. They have a complete and separate "Bar" area for tasting, which is exactly how it should be. You are given numerous menus from all the different Juice makers, none of which are the usual main ones you find every where else. And then something even better happens, you are personally assisted as you sit there and enjoy flavors until you find what you are looking for, and it isn't a pushy sales thing but a rather a friendly discussion about what you are into and suggestions to try something unique. So yes try this place, and then don't go anywhere else! They have it down to a science here as to how to treat a customer right! I am glad I came by and will be back soon. (And for sure I want to buy to ProVari, but that will have to wait...)
5	First class Vape shop! I love it for their hardware AND the e-Liquids. Great selection of both, husband and wife owned and operated and they KNOW THEIR PRODUCTS. Prices are reasonable compared to other shops in the valley, but the atmosphere in their shop is very comfortable. I've shopped around, but I'm there to stay.
5	I tell you guys. TJ and Bethany are best of the best. I have been going to this store for last few months and their customer service is impeccable. Today, at 7:30 I realized that I was out of e-liquid and their store closes at 7pm. I called TJ and instead to tell me no, he actually drove back to the store, re-opened the store to give me the e-liquid. TJ.... U are the man!!!  Thanks for the amazing customer service.
5	All I can say is AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!!!. As you can already see by the reviews for this shop that there are no bad reviews. For me and my wife we had been getting our E-Cigs online for the last three years because we could not find anything locally for an affordable price. We had just recently started up again so I went online to see what is out there. I ran across this quaint lil shop on YELP, and decided to give them a try, because all of the other shops had some pretty sad reviews. I am sooo glad I talked my wife into going. This place is great with the juice bar, friendly owners, and the best location to my home. We have purchased multiple items from them, and the quality is great. We no longer get our vaping items from China on the Internet. I hope they stay in business for a long time, so they can service our vaping addiction.I was concerned about the quality of the items I purchased, because half of the stuff I purchased online was faulty. E-cig butt cartridges would not work half of the time when I purchased them online. I would have to call India, and speak with someone that could not understand my Engkilish, just to be told they would send me a return mailer to send back the faulty items they sent me. So I inquired about that with the store owner and he advised me they have a 30 day warranty on the products they sell? Not much of a warranty I was thinking to myself. I guess he saw that on my face and proceeded to tell me that customer satisfaction is his number one priority and if something did happen to one of the products he sells to me, to bring it back and he would work that out with me. WOW! I did not expect that answer. So far The two starter kits with the mini chamber and battery's with chargers have not failed, plus the E-Cig starter kit I purchased for my wife also have worked great. Anyone that is vaping for kicks, or is considering getting the E-Cig to use as an alternative to smoking regular cigarettes, or if you are trying to quit smoking altogether then this place is for you. Tell all your friends, your boss, your family, your neighbors, your dog, and email the President to let them know that this is the best place to shop in Arizona for everyone's Vaping needs.
5	Bethany and TJ are so helpful! They know me by name and have always provided excellent advice. They have a really great selection of high-quality juices. Lots and lots of 100% VG options which is the only way that I will go. They are also priced very competitively versus other shops in the area. Highly recommended.
5	I haven't been able to stop by in a while, but this is easily my favorite shop in the area. The store itself is big, lovely and never feels cramped like some other stores in the area. Beth and TJ are great. Beth is perhaps the most enjoyable person I've interacted with at any shop in the area. There is never a moment you feel that a sale is being pushed on you; Just friendly recommendations and talk of products. This is also where I found my absolute favorite brand of juice (among other fantastic premium juices) that no other shop here carries. When I first came here there wasn't much product for advanced vapers but that has been changing thus making this the one-stop shop all vapers. If you're in the area this is the place to go. PS if TJ and Beth ever need another employee I'm here. :)
5	This place is fantastic. The service is outstanding, they know the product well, and prices are good. The fluids are the highest quality. I've tried others and they were at best tolerable. These taste great and they are made from natural ingredients. Best vaping store I've been to. Highly recommend.
5	What an awesome shop! Extremely personable. The staff there is courteous, friendly and extremely knowledgable. This is the type of vape shop you want to go to. They spent a ton of time with us to try all the flavors and get our friend set up with a new VV mod and protank setup. Highly recommended.
5	If I could give 10 stars I would! To start the shop is absolutely beautiful. Clean, neat and organized. Every single employee including the owner Bethany, were friendly, upbeat and super knowledgeable. I'm new to the vape world and they spent over a hour with me teaching me the differences and allowing me to taste more flavors then I can even remember. I bought the starter kit and Brian set it up and fought me everything I needed to know. I will never go anywhere else for my vape needs. I highly recommend checking them out !
5	This is so far the nicest shop I have been into by far. The selection is great soooo many to choose from. If you know what your looking for they let you look. If you don't they will gladly show n tell until you find just the right setup. Their juice selection is huge! Tons of testers and so happy to spend the time with you helping you to find just the right taste. Even if it causes them to stay a few miniuts late  now thats customer care! All the people there were very helpful and were quickly able to CORRECTLY answer my questions. I test people. Go here. See what we mean. These folks are legit So far my favorite juice is Bonnie n clyde. Like berry blends?  MmmmmmmBut I havent vaped them all yet.  Hmmm think I need a tester trip to Off Beat
5	So knowledgeable, helpful, patient, and awesome!The store was clean and comfortable; providing a great atmosphere.  I enjoyed the trip here.  I was able to get all of my questions answered and pick up the product I needed.  They were able to explain Voltage, Ohms, Wattage, and the variable voltage batteries.  I was able to learn a lot and troubleshoot a problem I was having with the MVP battery.  I will definitely be back!
