4	It was the same pricing situation with me and the boss negotiates over the phone which really puts you on the spot and is unfair to the customer; however, I understand that they need to make money and can offer more services but if I didn't want it initially then I won't want it after hearing its $200+. The cleaner, James, was very polite and showed up early! James did a great job on my carpet and it looks brand new! Thanks James!
1	Do not use this company.  They use the special to get in your home, then quote you a price that is practically double the cost by calling a supervisor for some special approval.  Do not fall for this.  There is so much better things you can do with your hard earned money.  AFter 1 month the stains that I paid extra for deep cleaning returned to surface, and I called the company which said they would file a claim.  I never heard from them.  I called them to follow up and they said that the did call, but I needed my original receipt to validate the claim that the technician gave me.  He told me that the work was guaranteed for 1 year, and of course knew that it wasn't possible to keep that claim.  They are liars, and the stains return.  What's more to say.  Oh, yes they did offer me to have another technician come our and to a steam cleaning for $39.  Not for free, $39!!! Please!!!
2	The price ended up being twice as much as was quoted over the phone.  I could still see the traffic/furniture patterns after it was done.  I called to complain, and they said someone would call me back, but I never heard from them.  I wish I would have just done it myself and saved the $220.
1	Worst company EVER! DO NOT USE! I had a coupon for tile and grout cleaning and was quoted $0.35-$0.55 per sq ft. I have 500 sq ft of tile...they came and said it was going to be $800!!!!! After they told me that, I told them that I was not interested in using them.Then they tried to hustle me to give them a cancellation fee which I was unaware of! But you can't charge me a cancellation fee if I never agreed to a price to begin with! Needless to say I did not give them money for a "cancellation fee". Please use a different company...I wish I had never called them.
2	Same situation here... $49 for three rooms, ya right. This service is just for a steam clean which basically does not do much. It does not get any high traffic areas or light stains out. Shampoo is another $63, then if you want enzyme treatment thats another $70, $2 per stair, $7 for the landing. So it will cost around $220 to do a 3 bedroom house with 16 stairs. I would not recommend this company. Go with a more well known place that may seem higher (because they include all items in pricing). On a positive note the techs are very friendly.
1	I had an appointment from 8-10am... I was "ticket # 001" and he didn't show up until almost 10 am. When I called I was quoted 39$ for two rooms, one living room and a computer area upstairs. Charles, my tech, had his headphones in while I was trying to talk to him and gave me a quote to clean two rooms for $120 above the initial price. They say that they match prices, wrong, they don't price match it's a LIE, FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!! I Told the supervisor, jamie, he needs to remove the price match ad because they will not honor it.  I spoke with the "supervisor, Jamie" who was very ghetto and unprofessional and spoke over me instead of hearing what the problem was. I told him that I understood that the "high traffic areas" would not come out perfect, but even the lighter areas didn't look any different. He would rather sit there and argue with me that "his technicians" were trained professionals. So I'm assuming they went through some in-house training that doesn't require more than a week. The one star is for charles, he was really nice. But the rest were so unprofessional I will not be going back to them. I will take my business back to Roadrunner carpet care where do not up sell you to rip you off! I really should've read the reviews for this ghetto company before I used them for my carpets. And I feel sorry that they make their technicians(charles) into the middle man ... what an awkward situation and horrible company to work for. Take your money elsewhere people there's a reason this place is 2 stars!!!!!
1	Same complaint - additional charges to clean the area that was discussed over the phone with the company.  You know - when you SPECIFICALLY tell the person over the phone that there is a stain in the carpet that needs to be removed + dirt in different area then ask WHAT IS THE COST and you are TOLD ONE ROOM: $39.00 --- however --- tech shows up and says "Oh this is going to require the use of chemicals and that is going to be $200.00" -- this tends to PISS YOU OFF.  I told the tech to forget it - pack it up and leave.  Then he starts complimenting me on the color of my toe nails AND that I have "nice feet".  I'm thinking "WTF??"  So I explain, I have a carpet cleaning machine - it will take care of the area w/the dirt so I can do this on my own - the REASON WHY I CONTACTED DESERT CARPET CLEANING was to handle the mustard stain.  So he calls his company and then starts playing "Good Cop/Bad Cop" and negotiating.  I'm livid at this point and tell him no - that I will not pay more than the advertised price and think it's bullshit that his boss thinks its ok to advertise a price then upsell.  So he agrees - explains the reason for the extra cost is for use of the chemicals to which I tell him that the chemical selling point is no longer a bargaining chip; chemical cleaners can EASILY be purchased on the web.  He says he understands.  He cleans up the carpet; takes him a whole 20 minutes.  I pay with my card (which I am planning on disputing with my bank) and he leaves.  This morning, I move the dining room chair back to the spot that was cleaned and find a 8-12 inch cut right next to the mustard stain.  W.T.F.I have contacted the company this morning and requested that the owner, Nathan Levy, call me ASAP.  - I want the carpet corrected in regards to the cut.- I want a refund for the tech visit.- I want the physical address for the tech who came out as I plan on filing a protective order against him to insure that he does not retaliate against my whistle-blowing.It is time that we as  society protect each other from business greed.  We shouldn't have had to go through an economic meltdown because of greedy banks.  We shouldn't have had to go through an economic meltdown because of greed on Wall Street.  We should not have to risk our own economic meltdown from having to pay for services that were not done in an ethical and business-appropriate manner.I don't know about you guys, but I'm sick of it - and I demand accountability.
1	WORST company EVER!! Owner is a liar & has zero morals, value or integrity. Ruined my carpets & won't even return a phone call. Lied to his insurance people saying that he fixed the problem with me. Terrible, terrible TERRIBLE
1	this is a total scam, I used the coupon in todays paper and the tech wanted to charge me double to do a double steam clean. told him no... he cleaned 4 rooms and 15 stairs in 15 mins. you get what you pay for, terrible company. would never do business with them again
1	This company is all about the upsale.  For $60, 'the special' you get really wet carpets for 3-5 hours, but not really clean.  The techs are polite, but apply constant pressure for the deep cleaning.  The paperwork requires you to sign a waiver for the demo of the deep clean, which was provided to me to sign 20 minutes after the demo occurred. Very shady and we will not let them in the house again.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
1	This company should be ashamed!! Quoted $79 for steam clean- carpets are a year old and tried to say $330. When I told them to leave "supervisor" called me for $25 cancellation few, when I said no he said he would harass my mother for it (who was at the house) I told them to leave or I would. All police. STAY AWAY!!!!!!
1	I don't understand how businesses like Desert Carpet Cleaning are able to keep their doors open. Who cleans carpets without chemicals? It is not possible and even when you pay their bloated rates, double what EBR carpet cleaning charged me to re-clean the carpets and EBR got the carpets very clean. Classic bait and switch... STAY AWAY!
1	Phone number 702 906 0322.  I was quoted for a price to clean carpets and sofa/love seat.  The cleaner that came quoted me over 300 dollars for two rooms and a sofa/love seat w/o any stains on it that was only a few years old.  He suggested I talk to the owner about lowering the price (what business negotiates... what are we in a third world country?!?) Long story short I cancelled and told him to leave after being bullied and harassed by the owner on the phone because I did not want their services.  WORST business practice I have ever witnessed and I was about to call the police if the worker did not leave.  The owner threatened to sue me for $40 dollar cancellation fee, but after I contacted my lawyer I was assured that this is not possible because I never received services and I was unhappy with the quote.  THIS COMPANY IS A COMPLETE SCAM!!!!!  Do yourself a favor and don't go with them.
1	This is an illegitimate company, DO NOT schedule, no matter what kind of false advertising they are hoaxing on their website. The worker gave a sob story of the owner's demands to increase the price over 3X what was scheduled and continued to delay walking out to make phone calls. The owner demanded a visit charge after refusing to provide the advertised, scheduled price and 'legal action', spare yourself the time and energy NOT hiring cleaning clowns
1	Was quoted 39 for 2 rooms.2$ per stair ...Once they were here they told us that the quote was for steam cleaning and that if we wanted Sampling it was an extra 100$ ...we talked with the office Manager he was not helpfully even talked over my roommate and hung up on her ..They settled on 149$ if it was me I would have Cancelled the deal but she is nice and the service Guy Danni was Awesome so she let him complete the work ....Never Again
1	Terrible Haggles - I got a  coupon in the mail and didn't check Yelp. I should have known.  They spent 30 minutes of my and their time calling their "supervisor" who kept pushing them to sell more deep cleaning.  I lived in Mexico before I didn't have as much pushy sales people. This is probably the worst haggler experience I've had in 25 years in America.  It's really unprofessional. They should have told me this in advance. Please don't waste your time on supposed savings and check Yelp before you choose a vendor. The quality of cleaning is beneath sub standard too. Once they don't sell you $500 worth of suspicious stuff.
1	The service was terrible! I was in a hurry and didn't check the reviews, I'm sorry now. What make feel even worse was when I called to complain about the nasty job that was done and the "manager Cherrie" came with excuses and justifying the technician's bad job. They spent 25 min in my house. The inexperienced young guy that came with the technician (if he is one) did the whole job, while his boss was on the phone. I'm so regret for had call this poor job company.
