4	Came to town for work and remembered coming to Thai Elephant the last time I was in town and loving it. Walked here with friends and the name had changed. The wait staff saw my confusion and quickly reassured me that the name and menu had slightly changed but the food was basically the same. I had the curry fish last time and was craving it so I tried it again and yes, still absolutely delicious. Tried the calamari and crab wontons as appetizers. The calamri was solid but the crab wontons were only okay. A little too fried and in a skin that didn't feel like wonton skin. The curries that came to our table looked pretty neutral colored and the noodle dishes, instead of being on the red side or the dark brown side was also very neutral colored. Since I didn't taste those dishes, I can't legitimately penalize the restaurant but I have to admit that I hesitate to order anything else besides the fish because of their appearance. I'm still going to give this place 4 stars because of the taste of the food I ordered, the good service and the fact they had brown rice as an option. If ever I'm brave enough to stray off the path, my rating may change. But in the meantime, check this place out and order the curry fish on their specialties menu. I ordered it level 4 - hot and it was just the right amount of heat.
3	I came here 3 times when it was Thai Elephant. I've been here twice now that they are Five R Cha Thai.  Thai Elephant was a 4 star Yelp business.  Five R is only a 3 star.  The staff are still wonderful but the food is now lacking something.The first time I came to Five R Cha I got the Drunken Noodles with mixed seafood 5 star spicy.  Dining in for lunch it is served with a small cup of a Thai soup & a small spring roll. ($11)  There was not enough seafood or vegetables in the dish & the noodles did not seem the same as before.  When I went there yesterday I got the Drunken Noodle with beef 3 star spicy to go. ($9 ) I called in my order & they said it would be ready in 5-10 minutes.  I walked from the Renaissance hotel across the street & my order was ready waiting for me.  The taste was much better with beef although the beef itself was a little tough.  No soup with to go orders but you still get the small spring roll.  The amount of vegetables was great!  I counted 8 different types.  Bean Sprouts, Broccoli, Cabbage, Carrots, Green Beans, Green Pepper, Onion & Zucchini.There are 2 other Thai restaurants within a blocks distance so I may have to try the 2 of them to compare to see if I want to go back here again.
4	Went here two days in a row for lunch while at a conference being held at the Phoenix convention center.  It was a real quick walk from the convention center and the second day I went they remembered me from the day before which is always nice.  I had the Panang curry and it was solid but I ordered it a 3 for level of spicyness and definitely could have done a 4.  The soup they provide upon seating you is pretty good as well.  Would recommend for lunch if in the area.
2	What happened to Thai Elephant??!!?? I didnt know that the restaurant was no longer here...so i decided to give it a try. Big mistake!! The food was horrible..the chicken tasted reheated and my veggies were ok. I really wanted to like this place, but I will not be coming back.
3	I actually didn't order food here but sat with my friends as they got dinner.  Each of them was gracious enough to give me  tasting sample of their plates, which was all I could eat at the time.  But I also had a Thai iced tea.  I have to say that since my first visit to Phoenix in 1999, I have had some of the best Thai food in my life there.  Go figure.  This place was no different.  I've lived in my NYC neighborhood for 3 years, and can't find a good place.  Now, I'm sort of ruined by this place.On my sample plate was some pad thai (gooooood), some "Drunken" fried rice with shrimp (also delectable), and possibly the best tofu red curry EVAR with nice chunks of tofu, spicy sauce and vegetables.  Oh nom.  I also partook in some appetizer samples, which were good.  I favored the wrapped shrimp.  I would definitely go to this place again if I was in the area.  Only drawback is like most stuff in his hood, it closes EARLY.
4	The food was really good. Ordered the Pad Thai, the Panang Curry, and some veggie rolls. Everything was very tasty. The Panang Curry is some of the best of I've ever had. Really rich, creamy, and very tasty. The spice scale is a little misleading. I would have ordered one number higher if I had known that. None the less, it is still really good food.The service here is good, quick, and friendly as well. The location is really convenient if you are attending any events downtown. I highly recommend this place!
4	I am not a Thai Restaurant expert I have eaten at several all have been slightly different in the taste of the food. There will always be disagreements as to how it should taste. As I have said many times before I do know what tastes good "to me".This was my second visit. Do not remember what I had the first time except it was good and the service was excellent. Act sincerely glad you are there to eat. The second visit I had the Ginger #10 on the menu with pork. If you like ginger this meal was excellent. I will remember a long time the taste of that first bite. This is a must try if you have not already. It had been several weeks since I was there last time. The staff recognized I had eaten there before and came out to say they were glad I had chosen them for lunch. Made me feel special. You are greeted with a bowl of soup. Both times before I had received a menu to order. I thought this was a very nice touch. The dishes are generous in proportion. There is always much more than I can or should eat. Two people could easy eat off one dish and be fine. Better yet take three people order two different meals and share. Decor is pretty much oriental. Not much to say but it is appealing and appropriate for a Thai Restaurant. Very neat and clean, clean. Quite and low lighting. Will I go back. Yes I am planning on doing so next week. My rating is a four not because I did not get a excellent meal or service. I do not give out 5's easily as I used to. One more trip that was good as the first two and I will revise this to 5 stars. Give them a try.
4	Great food, good fast service.  Had the curry panang with chicken.  Really nice.  I'll be back.
3	Its ok.
4	I've been lunching here since it was Thai Elephant (same family) and not much has changed. The service is great. Cain's normally there to serve us but everyone's awesome. Plus, one of the owners is usually there to make sure everything's copacetic. What I really like ... the Tofu Pad Thai, medium spicy. I'm not sure exactly what they do to the tofu but it's somewhere between soft and pressed and has an absolutely perfect brown sugary (with something else) flavor seared into it. Caveat: The Pad Thai here is sweet ... sweeter than most I've had, but I think it just works awesomely with the other flavors; definitely my favorite Pad Thai in PHX. If I'm on a lower carb lower cal day, it's Tofu Panang, pork chop (awesome chili sauce), or Spicy Eggplant. I like everything medium and could handle hot if I had to -- I don't know why I'd have too, I tried it before and it was fine, medium is just more enjoyable to me. But I dare you to order Thai Hot! better yet, trick your friend with the severe case of little man syndrome into ordering Thai Hot and watch him sweat, possibly bleed*, and then let him try to convince you it wasn't all that hot while you knowingly smile and nod.* I was at 5 R Cha with my daughters when this guy at the table next to us ordered double Thai hot obviously to impress his girlfriend. Cain appropriately warned him of the intense hotness of Thai Hot and of double's exponentially hotter hotness and the poor patron simply brushed aside these dutiful warnings. About three quarters of the way though the meal, he (beet red and sweaty he) was informed by aforementioned girlfriend that his nose was bleeding ... as if that wasn't going to get our attention. I then made and to this day stand by the logical leap: Double Thai Hot at 5 R Cha can make you bleed.
