4	Great burritos, fast service and clean looking place... I'll be back soon!
2	Do your beans have lard in them?  "Uh, I don't know."  (5-10 seconds go by with us awkwardly staring at each other) and I realize I'm going to have to inquire further.  Response included rolling the eyes, a shoulder shrug, and angrily muttering something in Spanish to the folks in the back.  Consensus is they don't really think so.  But, do we really have to endure people like this?  In customer service retail, you don't just stare back at someone and tell them you don't know.  /sighLocation is easy to find in the Safeway parking lot.  The drive through is right by the two gigantic trash bins in the eastern part of the parking lot (the trash bins indicate they are for tenant's use only).Food was similar to gringo-like Mexican chains such as Chevy's and On The Border, but prices were much better.  Rice and beans were plain, and beans portion was quite small with the combo (no more than 4-5 teaspoons).  Cheese Quesadilla was dry.  If you're dining in, get something to eat with your hands because the plastic silverware is among the most flexy and fragile I've seen.  They just don't hold up to a Chile Relleno.Hot sauce served in ketchup squirt bottles.  It's also more of a "medium sauce" though.
3	This place is what I would call the "Speedy Gonzales" Mexican food.  They remind me of that little Mexican mouse ~ extremely quick, small and ready to go.  This is a convenient location if your near I17 and Happy Valley.  They are a fast food Mexican joint, but I enjoyed my meal.  Likes~ it is very cheapo-la to eat here.  I like how they have their restaurant set up with several flat screen TV's broadcasting sports and news (you don't get that at Caramba's nor Carolina's)...  I had their Carne Asada Torta meal.  It was very good and extremely cheap.  I've also had their Carnitas Torta and Burrito and their Pollo Asado Quesadilla, all were very good.  Did I mention they are cheap to eat!Dislikes ~ NOT Eco-friendly using the dreaded styrofoam, offer only Pepsi products with a few Mexican sodas, no brewed ice tea, no beer and their salsa.For a quick bite to eat, it's a good place to go for "Speedy Gonzales" Mexican food!
3	This is the place you want to go after a night of drinking. The food is typical Mexican food. The drive thru was quick and efficient. The major issue i had with this location is that the portion size on my Carne Asada fries was ridiculously small. Every other location i've been to usually gives you a good chunk of everything, but this location really got  stingy. That was a major disappointment. Ill revisit again in a couple of weeks and ill see if i have the same experience.
3	Great drive through mexican food. Rivals Robertos in San Diego. Nuff said!
5	this place is great !! i love the food ,service is good & its in a great part of town.. breakfast burritos are excellent!!!
3	Federico's is a nice new taco shop in an area that needs good Mexican food desperately.  It has 3 flat panel TV's wich is a bonus. The food is pretty good. Their beef nachos are really good,  the chicken nachos, not so much. The hard shell tacos are good also. They also have the bottled mexican sodas, I tried the lime soda and it was really good, I get one everytime I go now. Welcome to the hood Federico.
1	Greasy ass breakfast burritos sucked and gave me some serious acid shits. You know the kind that feel like you are shooting fire out of your ass? I want to go back this place to try something different because I live close but every time I even drive near it to go to Safeway or the gym my butthole puckers up and my stomach starts to hurt. Sorry Federico's..you have won this round but eventually I will get drunk and come over at 2am and you can try to redeem yourselves.
3	Ha the gringo version off a taco shop down in the southwest side. Everything is a little less greasy, spicy and probably a few cucarachas fewer. Food is decent and will have to do now this is the closest taco shop
4	I like this place a lot. It's not a high-end Mexican place by a stretch, but they do a solid job at making really tasty meals for a really cheap price. It's amazing how fast the drive-through can be even when there are 15 cars lined up around the building.Service is friendly and quick both inside and in the drive-through.
3	Depends what you are in the mood for, but for $3-5 for a good sized carne asada or breakfast burrito, it's hard to beat. This is by no means 'traditional' Mexican food though. It is good. It is 24hr. It's not going to win any authentic or best of XYZ awards, but if your looking for a burrito fix, hangover remedy, or just something cheap - this is your place.
5	Great prices, nice salsa/condiment bar inside, great daily specials like 99 cent taco Monday and Tuesday, as well as $1.99 burritos those same days. Drive thru consistently slow, go inside if more than 3 cars.
5	Love these chain restaurants.
3	I don't think I've ever been here during daylight. Or even before 10pm. I'm thankful they are open 24 hours, as very few places close to home are (I think McDonald's is - on weekends). Greasy, completely bad for you, huge portion, cheap, but always tasty Mexican food. Decent end to curb any late night cravings on the way home from a night out!
4	This is the place you want to go after a night of drinking. The food is typical, delish fast Mexican food. The food is always hot and the drive thru is quick and efficient and the green salsa is amazing. We also love the breakfast burritos.
5	I love this joint. Thank goodness it's so close to my house! I go here anytime I need a little mexican food fix. Good burro's, good tacos, good nachos. Infact, it's really all good food. I think monday and tuesday are $.99 tacos or burros. MMMmmm.
5	Bomb Mexican food. You know it's authentic when your food is all greasy , and slopped together on a plate in a disorderly fashion. Sub the ham for bacon in the breakfast burrito and add potatoes. You will not be sorry.
5	Thank you to Federico's on Happy Valley and 39th avenue for hosting a Desert Sage PTO fundraising night!  They donated 10% of their total sales ($226) to our school.
3	I've been here a number of times and have had great service and very good food each time.  Don't mistake good for gourmet.  It's solid fast, mexican food. I usually grab the coupon from val-pak and save a couple of bucks. Nice salsa bar and very clean inside.  Very generous portions!
5	The super nachos and chicken tacos are awesome. Great orchata too, and more authentic then any other fancy Mexican restaurant.
4	Hold on...wait a minute: Is that a 24 HOUR DRIVE THRU I see?! *Thinking* Oh yeah, definitely gonna try this place. I know, a Drive Thru BIG DEAL your thinking right? Well, in SF Drive Thru's are RARE. Very RARE. Unless your going to eat a Mc Donalds, Jack in the BOX..A Mexican Drive Thu SON OF A BEE STING! ok you get it. It was late and I was in "party mode". I would not expect authentic Mexican food from this place. At this point I didn't care what the food tasted like, I wanted some. Did I mention they are open 24 hours a day! I ordered:A beef chimichanga plate and it was huge!! It was covered with cheese, sour cream and guac! It was fresh and tasty! Nice and Greasy.....yum! Rice and Beans. Not a fan of the rice..whatever though. The chimichanga was good! 5 Chicken Rolled Taquitos (yes, my eyes are bigger than my belly)...They were nice and crunchy not soggy at all. The Horchata was refreshing a simply delicioso! Definitely a place I will go back to when in Arizona!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch and enjoyed a Carne asada burrito, just under $6.  Tasty and I noticed there was a fresh cilantro taste, much more so tht the standard f...berto's places.  Meat was a bit tougher than others but also there were fesh onions and spices too. I'd go again and they are amazingly fast at getting my order out
5	Great Place for Taco Tuesdays!! $2 tacos and they are fantastic
2	blahhhh
5	I know these places get a bad rap all the time but this one here is delicious!My hubby and I stopped by here after the ASU win on Saturday (GO ASU) and just picked up a few tacos. They were delicious and hit the spot. I had a beef taco and he had two chicken tacos. Very filling for an after game snack and for around $7 you can't beat it!
2	Much prefer Ramiros!  Two times they have messed up my order.  :-(  This time, I order a side of rice (from 'sides' on the menu) & got a micro-side...like 2 tblspn.  Seriously!  They just don't seem to pay attention.
2	I wasn't expecting anything incredible from this place. But I feel like you'd have to make an effort to have bad Mexican food. It was pretty bad. Well, more like just fast food. I had a beef taco and cheese enchilada with rice & beans. Taco was pretty greasy and the cheese enchilada had completely unmelted cheese inside of it. Service was bad and they were mid-cleaning everything when we came in to eat. Which was 2pm on a Saturday. I don't want to see that! Yuck..
3	Honestly, I would normally never go to a place like this. Fast food and Mexican food together just doesn't seem like a good combo. I love Mexican food so I'm definitely picky when it comes to it. This place was just alright, the costs were surprisingly pricy for fast food, I've seen close to the same prices at an actual Mexican restaurant. The service was just okay, the lady wasn't super friendly but she wasn't rude either. The chicken wasn't my favorite, and the red and green sauce were just pure liquid, nothing special. It wasn't terrible but I probably won't come here again.
4	Great Mexican fast foods restaurant,  prices are fair and servings are great. Taco Bell,  Del Taco pale in comparison.  Has regular employees that are good to us regulars. As a family we eat there atleast once a week.  Great deals on tacos and burros on Monday s and Tuesdays. Student specials too
5	Had a breakfast burrito from here the other day and it was delicious! Not what I was expecting from "fast food" but glad I tried it. I will def go here again! Quick service and yummy food!
4	Was looking for another breakfast burrito option that was close to the house and stumbled on this place via Yelp.Ordered the Chorizo Special and Green Chili Burrito.Chorizo Special was OK. Would have been better if I liked my papas cooked like the culinary world says they should be cooked. I don't. I like soft papas. I couldn't really tell if the chorizo was spicy or not. Will get a regular chorizo burrito next time. The Green Chili Burrito was excellent! Lots of filling and it was good.
5	Sooooo excited that I moved near this place. The food is so good for drive-thru Mexican & the staff is really nice, too. The breakfast burritos are delicious, the dinner options are so tasty, and their 'street tacos' are the bomb. Me gusta!
5	Federico's is my go to fast food Mexican place! I always get a bean&cheese with potatoes, rice, and sour cream (easy beans), get it next time, it's seriously delicious! They dining room is always extremely clean and well kept, and the bathroom as well! One of the wonderful women that works there remembers me and knows my sauce and burrito preferences by heart! It gets packed during dinner time, but trust me, fresh Mexican food is worth a few minutes wait. OH AND DID I MENTION THEYRE OPEN 24/7?! Sooo convenient. :)
4	I have been here many times and they never disappoint.  On Monday's and Tuesday's  the burritos are $2.50 and tacos are $1.25.  The Horchata tastes a little bit watery or they would have got a 5 star.
4	Good affordable food, large portions. Love the sausage burrito. Always received good service to date.
1	I decided to try this place about a month ago because it's really close by and we just moved to the area, so we had some take out. This has to be the worst Mexican food I've ever had. The food was bland and dry, and not to mention a little pricey. I'd avoid this place ... there are other options for Mexican food that aren't too far away.
4	Place is good for fast food, Clean inside. Friendly staff
1	first off, i ordered a cheese enchilada and these wasnt melted all the way on the inside nor the outside. i couldnt even stomach eating the rest. second, the wait took waaaay too long for the small order we had and it being 12 AM. i wont go here again. making sure the cheese is melted on enchilada isnt hard....
