5	The concept is pretty abstract: A bar/restaurant.. Inside of a grocery store. Hey guys, don't worry  it'll work! Well, it does work. On many levels, this concept works. Lets pour another and discuss this new addition to the Biltmore bar scene (I know, I know. Just trust me, its an addition):~Fud/Drink~First off, before I go further, they have a huge selection of local beers. If you know me, you know I love local. Its a me thing. From Papago Brewery to Four Peaks, they have 26 local beers to choose from, as well as 10 other regular brands you are used to. The prices are higher however, so keep in mind you will be paying much more....unless you do Happy Hour (4pm-6pm) when its $2 off! Beers on tap run from $5-$9...come during HH. They also do have beer flights, which during non-HH hours is a good deal when looking to try new things. As for the food, wow, it really does taste great. I ordered the Kale Caesar Salad, which was refreshing and delightful. A citrusy Caesar dressing really tied this salad together, and after I ordered mine, I saw 5 other orders come out...its good, get it! My fiance got the Camelback Burger. It came pretty raw. Our waitress was made aware, took it straight to the kitchen, and ordered some cheesy tater tots for us (we didn't ask, she did it). After 10 minutes, her burger comes back, and the bite I had was amazing. Some type of southwestern aioli sauce added on, was outstanding. Food looks superb, everything from pizzas to even sushi, which also looked stellar. Next time, I will come in for sushi....and yes there will be a next time.~Atmosphere/Service~It is a very random mix of two separate atmospheres. If you are sat inward, towards the main bar area with the taps, it feels very bar-like. You are more compact, its dimmer, it has a bar feel to it. The bar juts outward into the store, much like an airport bar. Depending on where you sit, you will get a different ambiance...It actually works well, believe it or not. Its definitely a good place to kick back with friends after work....Yep, a grocery store after work, superb place to go for a drink Jeff.As for the waitress, she was outstanding. She comped our meal, despite us making a very small request for them to re-heat the burger. I felt uncomfortable having her comp it, it was a simple first day mistake, but I am sure they were being careful, being opening day and all...We didn't ask for the comping, but hey, she gave it to us. I ordered an extra beer and gave her a fine tip. She was very aware of the foods on the menu and also helped out a lot with beer selection. Good job on her end. The other wait staff were very attentive and quickly helped clean our plates off the table and asked if we needed anything else. Good service!~Extras/Rating~Overall, this is is about a 4 star spot. I however, had a 5 star experience, mainly because the service was outstanding. The food is impressive, and despite prices, I was very happy to pay what we were originally going to pay.....before it got comped. Selection is stellar, the sushi adds a different element, and it doesn't take away from the bar fare. Seriously, try the Kale Caesar...you'll agree with me later. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. But please, come during HH or to one of the daily specials I posted in the pictures...save your money!! ENJOY!
4	So... my fiance and I decided to check this place out since the grand opening was today. To be honest, I was a little skeptical about eating at a restaurant in a grocery store. I was proven wrong! This restaurant is fantastic. The reason for the 4 stars is strictly for the prices. There are a bunch of beers on tap from the local breweries as well as wine. I decided to do the 4 beer flight to try out some new beers. I decided that my favorite out of the four was the Magic Hat #4. I took the tasting sheet as a note to self. Of course, we went there to eat too so Jeff ordered the Kale salad and I ordered the burger. While we were waiting for the food, i decided to check out the wine section of the store. Holy Cow! I found a bottle of Moscato for $3.99.Once the food came out, I did have to send the burger back to be cooked a little longer because it was definitely not medium but the waitress asked if I would like something to munch on while I wait. I decided to try the tater tots. Unfortunately, they came out with my burger but those were the best taer tots in the world. They were made with cheese and chives and were as big as my thumb. I was in heaven. Then I bit into my burger and I was sold. It was so juicy and melted in my mouth. The smoked paprika aioli that they put on it was fantastic and really brought out the flavor of the burger. I had to slow down at one point because I was chowing down.Our waitress was so nice. When Jeff asked for the check, she told us that it was taken care of because I had to send the burger back and the tots were sent out with the burger instead of before. We were both in shock because we are not those people that complain to try and get a comped meal. Let's just say that she got a nice tip. I will definitely go back to try more of the wonderful looking food and sample some more beer.
2	The nerdy girl in the glasses that kept leaning over showing her ass crack to the entire bar was completely rude and ruined my experience. Also, it's cool that all your friends from the Scottsdale Whole Foods came down for a beer, but stop chatting and get me my damn beer, I mean there were only 20 of you behind a tiny bar.Very upsetting considering I love the Chandler bar.
2	I'm having a tough time scoring this experience.I think had it not been barely a week old, I would have given this one star, but being so new, I am willing to give benefit of the doubt.So, and this completely makes sense, carts aren't allowed in the restaurant. I didn't think of that before hand. Next time I know to come here before I start my shopping.It seems the restaurant has a seat yourself concept. Not a big deal, right? Well, its not a big deal if the staff are paying attention to new people that come in. That way we don't have to flag someone down to bring them menus after sitting there for 15 minutes.Our food took a little over twenty minutes to get. We started by ordering a cheese platter, green chili cheese fries and pretzel bread with cheese dip, a glass of wine and a glass of tea.  About five minutes after ordering, my friend asked if she could order an additional item to go and asked that it be brought at the end of the meal and was told yes.So our food finally comes and it is all to go. The server acknoledged the mistake right away, but didn't make the effort to re-plate our items before serving us.Additionally we never got the fries, though we did get charged for them. After she took the fries off our bill, the total came to about $25.16 if I remember correctly.I gave my card and she took it to charge me. When she brought my card and the receipt back, she had charged me for a different ticket. Only a few cents higher ($25.87) but clearly not my receipt even though my card number was on it. We had had enough at this point and let it be.Annoying thing about the receipts is as they're not set up to require signatures on purchases under $50 so there is no place to sign which apparently also means no room to leave a tip (yes we tipped) so we were stuck paying a cash tip with all the money I had in my wallet ($2.65).Overall, it definitely was not the best service, far beneath what I would expect from Whole Foods, but I feel they deserve a second chance. Everyone has their off days.I will say I felt everything was very resonably priced and the prices were great! On Wednesdays the cheese plate and a glass of wine is $10 which means my $6 glass of wine was free!
4	This is a nice welcome addition to the neighborhood. My husband and I came here on a Friday night for dinner. The menu is pretty eclectic offering sushi, pizza, sandwiches, and salads at reasonable prices. We started off with beers, there were 30+ to choose from, my husband had the Papago Orange Blossom and I had Pumpkin Porter. For our entrees, I decided on the chicken salad sandwich and my husband chose the burger. My sandwich was delicious with rotisserie chicken, grapes, and creamy goat cheese. I tried my husband's burger which was good, and the fries were crispy and delicious. Our server was very pleasant and on point. Also, if you just want a beer you can order one from the bar and take it shopping with you, pretty sweet!
3	Let me preface this review with: I heart whole foods. With that said, it brings me some sorrow that I had a mediocre-at-best experience. The host/server/walker-around-aimlessly-guy was slow, confused, unprofessional, and quite frankly just unpleasant. The rest of the staff was pleasant and helpful. Food: we got the rainbow, spicy crab, spicy shrimp rolls and the cheese dip. The cheese dip was awesome. The rolls were par-at-best and way overpriced. You get 4 slices. Thats it.
4	I went here on Friday night for the very last drinking club or what ever it was called UYE that I am going to host. It is not a big place. Just in a corner of the Whole Foods store. Not too many people showed up but that was a probably a good thing because 15 people would have taken over half of the bar area.I was a very nice place. I have never been to a Whole Foods. They have a nice selection of beers. A lot of them local. They have daily specials and on Fridays it is $6 beer flights. It was cool to be able to try a few different kinds of beer. You can pick 4 per flight. One I picked, Four Peaks Kiltlitter, is a favorite. Another one was recommend by someone and the other two I just kind of randomly picked. The waiter recommend one of the random ones. My girlfriend and I also ordered the Tots, an order of fries with the green chili cheese sauce and a rainbow sushi roll.The service was ok. This location hasn't been opened too long so maybe everyone hasn't quite learned all of the roles yet. They are still working out the kinks. It almost seemed like they just assign people to work in certain areas and they were the ones that were assigned to the bar that night. To their credit it is seat yourself and they were pretty quick to notice new people had sat down but they didn't quite know how to be servers. It also most seemed like when our waiter came over for the drink orders that we had to order them right then or we wouldn't get them at all. With 30 beers to pick from it took a second to get choices down. But eventually everything was ordered and the drinks and food did come out pretty quick. Except they gave us plates that we really didn't need.The food was great. The tots are pretty big for tots but so good. Especially with the dipping sauce. The green chili cheese sauce for the fries costs extra but is so worth it. Wow it was really good. Later on that night I had cheese sauce somewhere else and it didn't even come close to this stuff. The sushi was made fresh at the store's sushi station and brought over. All the food is made at the different parts of the store and brought over to the bar. You can even walk around the store with your drink and shop. You can also buy items and bring them back and eat them there as well. Just no shopping carts in the bar area. They are not allowed.When the bill came I wasn't sure if we got charged for everything we ordered but it was hard to tell because they just had random charges on the bill but it wasn't more then it should have been so I didn't say anything. Big thanks to Norm R. and Irene V. for coming out. It was nice to hang out with you guys.This is a pretty cool place and I will definitely be back.
4	This is not a big space, which is not surprising since it is tucked away in a corner of the newly-opened Camelback Whole Foods store. Therefore it might be a bit tricky to get a seat during peak hours especially if you come with a group. But the service is friendly and reasonably fast and  the food you order will come from the very active food stations of Whole Foods, so there isn't much of a wait between placing your order and getting  your food. The food itself is good, and there is a more than decent selection of drinks available. Since they're newly opened, there are still a few kinks to work out. Our group had to share menu sheets for food and drinks; there didn't seem to be enough to go around for all of us. But hopefully these small details will be remedied soon as the staff adjusts to the pace of the business and the clientele.
4	Different kind of a place here inside the Whole Foods and thoroughly enjoyed it.Don't expect a fancy restaurant but more like a tavern as its name states. Over 30 beers on tap, it's so hard to pick so I went with a beer flight of all the pumpkin beers which is $8. Better deals during happy hour 4-6 pm and on the weekends.We started off with some snazzy blackened green beans - nicely seasoned and delicious. I had the camelback burger (no bun), green salad and was surprisingly tasty, cooked to my exact medium rare temperature. Friends had the Caesar kale salad with chicken and orange chicken wok. Both were okay. But to top off our experience, our server was great. She was extremely friendly, helped with beer selections and offered us a tasting of one of her blueberry favorites! A great server always enhances experience in more ways than one!
3	This place needs a little work. I will give them another try and they have the potential to have more stars added but the first visit was exactly what 3 stars says "A-ok." The server really needed some help. He seemed very frazzled and overwhelmed. Having been a server I completely understand that we all have that kind of night but I think it was more than that, he didn't seem to know the menu at all. We had potstickers, rainbow roll, tatertots and fries with green chili cheese sauce. It was all really good. Came out in a reasonable amount of time. The beer flight special they had was really a good deal and others our party partook but they brought them out and then we had to ask for them to tell us which was which on our list. They should automatically tell you what they each are. Small place so on a Friday night it was packed until about 7 then a few tables opened up.
2	A sit-down restaurant at the new Whole Foods? Pretty cool... So cool in fact, that I suggested Twenty Highland Tavern to some friends of mine when we had a girls night out.  We went on a weeknight and despite an appealing looking menu and atmosphere, the service and food were a big letdown.At the table, we had a kale salad, the pretzel bites, a couple of sushi rolls, and the Chinese chicken.  We asked for a couple of things not on the menu (ie: low sodium soy sauce and a virgin cocktail for my super pregnant friend), but they couldn't accommodate either request.  I found this disappointing, especially because here we were sitting in a huge Whole Foods Market - you'd think they could run to the appropriate aisle and get what they needed to make their customers happy.  Guess not.The food (which took forever to arrive) was underwhelming.  My friend had to send back her sushi roll because the way the tuna was cut made it so difficult to chew, it was inedible.  My kale salad was doused in dressing and my sushi roll was really dry.  The server(s) also forgot an item or two (and utensils), so everything arrived piece meal - not ideal.So... would I return?  Maybe for a drink, but you're better off getting your food from Whole Foods prepared section instead of spending your $$ at Twenty Highland Tavern.  Great idea but they need some work.
5	Went to just check out the new store and fell in love. Their simple menu and extensive draft selection make this my new favorite pit stop. Their bartenders are friendly and engaging, they are knowledge and never hesitant on offering a beer sample. They have a great local beer menu and great local vibe.
4	A pub in a supermarket is bizarre, I know, but somehow it works. There we were on a Saturday evening, not starving, but looking for a little nosh and a couple drinks. I'd been wanting to try 20H since checking out the menu, so what the hell, it seemed perfect.We plopped down at one of the low tables with a good view of the freezer aisle shenanigans and proceeded to devour a cheese plate and beer/cheese dip. OMG, excellent! The cheese plate could have used more fig preserves, and the cheese dip would have been better with soft (not toasted) pretzel bread, but we were pleasantly surprised at how delicious everything was. I tried the cucumber-lime wine cocktail and was not blown away, but we had a couple of excellent niche beers. If this was a standalone pub, I'm not sure how I'd feel about it. But placed inside a high-end grocery store? The people watching is excellent and we had a glorious time making fun of excessive and inappropriate label scrutiny. We'll be back.
4	Not sure why Whole Foods is the only grocery store that decided to also serve the wine and beer that they sell, but I love them for it.To preface, I'm one of those weirdos that goes to sit-down restaurants and eats by themselves.  I actually like it.  The nice thing about this place is since it's a grocery store, you don't feel awkward about popping in for a glass of wine and a sandwich before you run your errands.  Just make sure to keep it to one glass of wine and make sure to eat, because drunk, hungry shopping at Whole Foods could quite literally bankrupt you.They have an everyday happy hour that includes $2 off wine ON DRAFT.  I didn't realize this and got a regular glass of wine, then cursed my carelessness when I realized that one of my favorite wines, AZ Stronghold is one of their draft wines and would be $5/glass during happy hour, which is a fantastic deal. The veggie burger and fries were both good, as was the wine I ended up ordering even though I didn't get the $2 off. Also, they didn't set up a separate POS for the restaurant so you are not given the opportunity to tip on your credit card receipt. I'd bring a couple bucks for that., but I think the employees must get paid full wage/salary and therefore are probably not getting as screwed as I originally thought they were, so that's good.All in all, a great little place to get a pre-shopping drink and numb the pain away from the fact that you are probably about to spend more on produce than the amount of your first paycheck, so I'm a fan.
4	Interesting little pub in Whole Foods. I really like that they have a large selection of local beers on tap, and a good variety of wine and cocktails. Beer flights for $8 are also a good way to sample a bunch of different beersThey also serve food, which is basically the Whole Foods hot prepared foods served at a table. There's pizzas, sandwiches, sushi, and a handful of other items. Prices are reasonable. I really like the tater tots - crispy exterior, soft interior, with a delicious dipping sauce. Orange chicken with brown rice is a good value considering the portion size. Sushi is a bit overpriced, which I would recommend skipping in favor of a sandwich.It's a fun place to chill when you're looking for something different and low key. The staff are friendly and efficient. I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
4	This is beginning to be one of my favorite places for beer. They have a great selection of local craft beers on tap and it's amazingly centrally located. I love that I can get dragoon, four peaks, mother road, SanTan, etc. all in one place and on a serious rotation. They also have a decent rotation of mom local craft beers. I wish they were on TapHunter. HH is a great deal as you get $2 off your drafts! Thursdays is $4 off your growler fills. Yeah boi! The food I've ordered from the bar is mediocre at best, but you can bring anything in from the store and pay for it as part of your bill. That's pretty kick ass IMO. Be sure to let them know that is what you are doing when you walk in so they can weigh your stuffs. You should also tell them to add gratuity before the ring you up as well. There's no line for it after they swipe ya. I think I will be back fairly regularly for pints, tulips, sniffers, and growlers. :) Prost!
2	I really wanted this place to be great, and maybe they could be. My group had multiple items on this visit, and they were all terrific value for the money.  The food and drink specials are great here.  It's in Whole Foods so how could you go wrong ??  Let me say BOTH cheese / meat  platters, meatloaf dinner, Tots and wine /beer selection were all above average.  Here's my issue, the service was awful.  I don't mean a little slow either.  We had to flag down a waiter AFTER putting all 3 empty wine and water  glasses at the end of the table trying to get attention.  And this is also AFTER I have gone to the bar  ( 4 tenders to maybe 12 patrons ) to explain that we need to sit at a low table ie. far from the bar since my friend is in a cast and can't sit at the high tops.  I was assured that was fine.  When we ordered , we told the waiter we had other friends on the way, but when they arrived no one came to take their order. Again we had to stop a waiter and explain that we needed more food and drink.  I'm not sure what the business model for this place is, but they should know that empty glasses ( water or wine) means lost money any way you look at it.  I will probably visit here again, since I shop at Whole Foods.  But I wont bring friends until their service improves
4	The new Whole Foods is close to both home and work for me.  I stopped in to check on this new restaurant, tavern and grocery store at Town & Country on Camelback Rd.  This place is enormous, I could probably drop any easy $300 on food, beer, juices and organic everything to boot.I met a friend for a Happy Hour & power meeting about my online website a few weeks ago, very glad that the wifi works well.  I also liked that you could shop in the store and then bring your food items to the Tavern and eat it there with a beverage.  The service is quick and proficient.  I'll return again soon.
5	35 +/- craft beers on draft all while your spouse shops for groceries! How can this place not get a 5?  Friendly staff, good music, plenty of seating and sports on TV.   People around me are smiling and eating so the food must be good too.  (My daughter bought a salad from the salad bar and is eating with me).
5	Everyone had been telling me how great this new Whole Foods was and I was so hesitant to come here because I love Trader Joe's is one of my favorites but I have to say, this cafe is worth dragging my ass in to snobbyville.The guys  (I am sure there are girls but we only had guys that day) who work there are wicked laid back and fun and were very much aimed to please. Little sis and I walked in not knowing what to expect and the whole layout of the store is pretty cool. The tavern has a great wood feel like a normal bar and we just sat down near a window and waited for a menu.There is a huge variety of things to choose from that are all freshly made in the kitchen on the other side of the store. We started off like true boomba's and went for the pretzel bread with beer cheese. YUM it had a kick to it that was a secret but it was awesome. I ended up continuing with the boomba and grabbing the fried chicken with mash and veggies. Everything was great. Little sis got the kale salad which she loved. I am not a kale fan but she is and said it was great. They have both beer and wine and I had a white wine that the actual maker was tasting in the store that day. I would definitely go back here and try more things in the tavern and they might just make me want to go into the store and look around...smart move there Whole Foods...you little devil you.
5	This place takes it to the next level by offering ~20 local beers on tap in addition to countless other microbrews. I can't go wrong with a Papago orange blossom followed by Borderlands noche dulce. Friendly bartenders are eager to offer samples. A fun selection of high quality grub is offered on their food menu as well. Large screen HD TVs are much appreciated during game-time. Love having this place when I need an intermission from my grocery shopping. Park your cart in an aisle and belly up :)
4	Oh, Bar in Whole Foods. You are so special to me, I didn't even know your name the first time we met. I came, we kissed and I left without leaving my number.I knew you were there, nestled somewhere amongst the many Whole Food gems soon to be offered in Camelback. When I heard Whole Foods was opening, I just had to be one of the 1st two hundred in line. (I really wanted a plant holder!) I mean, really, A BAR! Right next to my gym. Woof. Heavens. Be still my heart.So, on opening day, I just so happened to be first in line.Yeah, that happened. (Got my plant holder!)I'm sorry I did not know your name. My Whole Food's review on Yelp is really all about you. See?http://www.yelp.com/biz/whole-foods-market-phoenix-4#hrid:A0B9x4KvMLUISSOBwn3qqwDid you read it?No?You should read it. Come back. Then let's talk.Ok, fine. I'll still love you (the reader) for not going back to my detailed review. Just know you're missing out. There's love for everyone. Just not enough memory for names. For that I need a pen and paper.HEADLINES+ Convenience factor is high  + Wide diversity in beverages (beer, wine. cocktail list)+ Food & Drink menu very affordable+ Ample seating+ Nice employees+ Fresh food (Hey, this is Whole Foods!)+ No reservations+ TV's available+ BRING CASH TO TIP!    (If paying by card there is no gratuity section.)DETAILS It's swell that the staff can ring you up, if you have a small/medium order. You can also place your food order as you arrive to shop. (No need to wait long at the bar for food.)The beer tap list is impressive. Every time I go on and on about The Bar in Whole Foods, people ask if I work there. No, the  Bar in Whole Foods just happens to have a lot of beer! LOCAL! Wine too. LOCAL!SERVICEFour Stars instead of FiveService is a work in progress. Amazing efforts made, but, definitely a work in progress. It may help to sit closer to the bar to remain in staff eyesight.Thank you for making grocery shopping a bubbly experience ;)
2	The concept is a great. A restaurant/bar inside Whole Foods. I love Whole Foods, but not Twenty Highland Tavern. We were here Sunday evening watching football. What goes well with football? Pizza. Well, they ran out of mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese AND basil pesto. The only cheese they had for pizza was feta and cheddar jack. How does a restaurant/bar that is located inside a grocery store run out of anything?!?!?!On top of being annoyed that they didn't have the necessary ingredients for a basic pizza, our waitress was an airhead. I asked 3 times for lemon wedges. When we were getting ready to pay she then asked how was my pizza? Duh.....I didn't get one.
4	We're pretentious. Not pretentious enough to actually shop in Whole Foods, but pretentious enough to laugh at those who do. From a distance. We used to stand outside on the sidewalk and point, but now there's a bar inside from which you can mock rubbernecking husbands strolling by with lattes, forlornly mouthing "Honey, is that a barrr? I didnt know they had a barrr in here." The food eventually arrives from steamtables about a quarter mile away at the other end of the palace and when you try to close out your beer tab the POS slip charges you for, like, Progresso soup and a bunch of organic bananas. The whole thing is so stupid it's actually kind of fun. Like I said, I'd never shop in Whole Foods, but the bar experience was offbeat in a mostly good way.  OK, OK, we picked up a couple items on the way out.
5	If you pay with card there is no line to add a tip. But, no worries, you can tell them ahead of time prior to paying how much gratuity you would like to add. If you forget you can add gratuity on a separate check with your debit/credit card. They have vegan options, also vegetarian so thats a bonus. It's definitely not like beyond amazing service but I also never had a bad service so it works out fine.
3	This place seems like a good idea in theory. Not so much in reality. Positives first: they have an excellent beer selection. To my great and joyous surprise, they aren't too heavy on the IPAs. Lately all the good bars have been plagued by those hyper hoppy hipster beverages. The selection of beers from local breweries is great too. Also, they have a really great specials on Fridays (today's is fish and chips and a beer for $10). The bad? The service is painfully slow. I stood at the bar for 15 minutes waiting to get a beer. There were 3 servers working. Sigh. It was around happy hour and pretty busy. I'm totally willing to give it another try. But just be prepared to wait.
5	I absolutely love this place, the food here is delicious, the wheat pizza is to die for and its thursday, so it was a my black bean burger was two thumbs up!!!! My nephew devoured the vegetable egg roll. Overall. This place was a hitI shall come backkkkkkkkk !!!!
5	Motor checking in at the Highland on 20th?    Exact name escapes me.  But go there. Talk to Matt. Talk to JD. Talk to Rodney. Talk to Nicole.  Talk to Katherine.  They will serve you with the best beer and wine selections in the area.  You won't find a better selection at these prices. Plus happy hour forget about it.  If you want value go there for their happy hour incredible food and drink pairings.  Just had the Monday burger n beer happy hour special. Grass fed organic beef Swiss mushroom burger? Shut my mouth!!!  And with a custom crafted brewski?  Need I say more.  Ok so pay attention.  The servers are more of get to know you rather than rush n go.  The food is always good and most of the time all or mostly organic.  Beers are to dream about and this beer drinker says the wines are most tre bien.  Motor says thumbs and big toes up.  Love the staff and love the food. But the chairs are.........basic and uncomfortable.  But it doesn't stop me going there once a week. Beer good. Motor like different beer.  Motor say you go now!!!!
4	We love to fill up our growlers here - and they always have killer deals. On Thursdays their growler refills are $4 off! They let you sample as many beers as you'd like and are always super knowledgable and friendly. Little tip - it is cheaper to order sushi from their menu than it is to pick it up pre-made at the sushi bar in the grocery. All of the food is made expeditiously from the wonderful chefs around whole foods - definitely worth stopping here for a bite and a beer to start a night out.
5	What a great addition to the neighborhood. This is one of the only places in the Camelback Corridor to serve rare or hard to find craft beers and they serve Silver Oak Cab and The Prisoner by the glass!! Not to mention that you can pay for your drink and take it shopping throughout the store.
4	Several visits in, I like this place more and more with each experience.Daily specials for $10 - which (in most cases) includes food and a beer or wine? Yes, please!Menu with a little something for everyone? Check!Solid beer and wine selection with lots of the locals represented? You bet!The option to skip the menu, get anything you want in the store and have a place to sit and eat it while having a beer or wine? SOLD!I've had burgers, pizza, wings and the cheeseboard. Sushi and salads, too!Only one moment of let down so far - I was going for the wings and beer special - but didn't realize it had to be a local brew. I was so looking forward to my favorite Spring brew - Abita's Strawberry Harvest. Alas, it wasn't part of the special. In a way, that worked out far better for the store - I enjoyed a Papago Orange Blossom while there, and got a 32oz of the Abita to go. We all win! Except my wallet.The bar staff is friendly and knowledgeable - and YAY for growlers to go!Whole Foods doesn't have to be Whole Paycheck, if you follow the specials!Enjoy!
4	Great beer selection and reasonably priced menu all within the Whole Foods in the Biltmore neighborhood...who would have known?  We stopped in yesterday for a drink and to check out the cheese selection at Whole Foods.  We will definitely be back for happy hour and for some nibbles - edamame, egg rolls, potstickers etc.
5	Let's start with the beer. Damn. At least thirty on tap. You'll always find something you like, even if you're picky like me. And they don't mind letting you try a taster- in fact, several of the bartenders get excited to let me try something new. They've also added a select few cocktails and wine to their menu, if beer isn't your thing.Let's talk food. The kale caesar is straight up awesome, the burgers are bomb. I can't say I'm in love with the sushi here, and the pizza isn't amazing, but I honestly don't really care. They're badass here in many other ways.There's always sports on their 3 tvs, and I also don't mind a certain very tall bartender being around either-- he sure is nice to look at. ;D *coughRodneycough*
5	This pub features a market with a fine selection of pretentious sundries. The libations are delightful. Gordon Ramsay would be elated.Five stars.Bravo.
3	I really liked this place when they first opened, but since then the prices have gone up and up. The selection is amazing, but when the sell dragoon IPA pints for 7 dollars. It really stopped me from going in. Even during Happy Hour times,.... Also. The 7% beers that they have are at times served in 10 ounce tulips for as much as 9 dollars. Four peaks oatmeal stout is 7 bucks. That's a little high for four peaks The good thing about it is you can actually purchase a bomber or single bottle fromThe beer case and drink it in the bar. So if you are there to watch a game. I would do that over something on draft. The staff is actually great there, Rodney and Jason have always been accommodating and good about getting you samples of things.
3	Twenty Highland Tavern is the pub inside the Whole Foods in the Town and Country Center. The space is at the end of the store, next to Whole Foods extensive bottled beer selection. Not only do they have 30+ beers on tap, they have great deals on growlers. The selection has a good representation of local beers, as well as other smaller breweries from all over the West.  The food selection is small but you can also get food from the store and bring it in. Someone had great smelling ribs at the bar that made everyone envious. Wings seem to be the thing to order there, and the sauce that seems most popular is the buffalo apricot sauce. It is served with "vegan" blue cheese dressing. My overall recommendation is to eat dinner at one of the many close bye restaurants and enjoy a drink here. Service is outstanding, and the bartenders encourage you to try before you buy.
3	This is a bar in whole foods, not a tavern not some stand alone place, so please don't get lost looking for it.They try to set them selves apart with a social menu and not having the drink deals of other wholefoods bars but there is no avoid the fact you are in a supermarket, Which for me is something to embrace and not avoid.Want a rare beer on draft and to enjoy it with some kasi go lean, then this is your place.
4	3.5 Stars..Pro:  Excellent beer selection.  Sunday Ticket.  Super friendly staff (they seem to actually like their job).Con:  $7 for 10oz of beer is a little high.  The pizza was totally bland.  I ordered it with fresh mozzarella and roma tomatoes.  The dough was way too doughy/chewy/undercooked, there was NO flavor, and the tomatoes were whole, making it a bit tricky to try and eat with a fork and knife (I gave up on the utensils but the tomatoes were still rolling off the slice.) SLICE THOSE SUCKERS IN HALF!This was my third time to the THT.  I will be back...but pizza could use improvement.
