2	We just had to find the right blouse for the interview.   So far our search had taken us from Marshall's, TJ Maxx, and Macy's to H&M, BCGB, and Urban Outfitters; we were running out of options.  The blouse selection at these other retail establishments had been uninspiringly mediocre, but upon entering F21 we experienced an embarrassment of riches.  They had blouses as far as the eye could see, a cornucopia of colors, cuts, and styles.  Within 5 minutes my babydoll had selected 11 options; it was looking like end game on this blouse hunt.  Head back to the dressing rooms for the ceremonious fitting.  But there's a problem, unlike the Houston, TX F21 which is for men and women who aspire to stay the same age as the year you can legally purchase alcohol, this one, is only for the ladies.  What's a fella to do?  Stand in the fitting area at the risk of making other shoppers uncomfortable or hover outside the fitting area in the costume jewelry/bangles section like some creepy weirdo.  Seriously Forever 21, you couldn't have a boyfriend bench next to the fitting room for significant others?   I'm the guy who's paying for the purchase, do I also have to be uncomfortable in your store for 2/3 of the time I'm in it, while waiting on my girlfriend to try on her selections?   I don't think it's as big a request as asking for an actual Men's section, where I could like, ummm...buy stuff.
3	Forever 21 is a great lunch break stop for the local corporate employees, especially on pretty summer days. I like this Forever 21 because it is a lot less intimidating than the mega locations at Ross Park and Robinson. The store is also organized pretty well by color story and theme, unlike other Forever 21's that look like a bomb went off. However, that's where the positive stops. The products are definitely cheap and meant to only wear for a season. The jewelry is primarily gold with only a few, tacky silver options. The sales associates are primarily rude and aloof, and the staff number seems minimal. Last time I was in the store, a girl (who I believe was a manager) nicely helped me into a fitting room. However, while I was trying on clothes, she stood outside on a cordless phone, ranting about the date change for some future store visit. Nice girl... but so unprofessional.
1	I remember when this store opened, my ex use to work here and was the store manager upon it's grand opening.  Honestly, this place has not changed much, still the same bland selection of clothing for girls (come on now, why don't you carry the Heritage brand in here for guys, there is tons of space and you could give up one corner for it).The store is showing it's wear.  Paint is faded, nicks on the table, cracks in the tile, and so on.  I like urban, street setting stores, but with the selection of stores they have down here at South Side Works, there are days that it is like walking a barren street.Save your time girls, go elsewhere to find clothing that will fall to threads in about one wash.
1	In comparison to other Forever 21s, this one really doesn't have that much merchandise. It's a little dirty and not the greatest. Because it's forever 21 though, I'll continue going for the cheap prices.
