5	Awesome metal sculptures and other great finds. Jewelry, art and wonderful tchotchkes. Reasonable prices, but finding someone to help can be a challenge.
5	I shop all over the valley for home decor but I almost always end up buying my items at Buffalo Bill's.  This is family-owned business that has been in Cave Creek for quite some time.  The people are very nice and helpful and the prices are reasonable.  You can get handmade tiled tables, copper top tables, mexican pottery of all shapes & sizes, yard art, statues, furniture, dishes, mexican blankets, wall decor, etc. for your home at good prices.  They will even deliver free if you don't live too far, which is a HUGE savings.  Do not be put off by the appearance of the storefront (it looks small) because there is a very large portion in the back just filled with goodies and it changes all the time.  I would encourage anyone to make the trip to Buffalo Bill's if you want a great selection, good value, and variety.  Best time to visit is during the week when it's not quite as crowded and you want personal service...otherwise the parking can be challenging!2012 UPDATE:  Buffalo Bill's has expanded its business to include El Toro Loco, two buildings down from the original Buffalo Bill's.  There's more parking available there and some very nice southwest and Santa Fe style furniture and decor. If you are planning on having custom-made furniture (tiled tables, benches, etc.) expect for it to take longer than what is promised.  The key is to order your pieces WAY AHEAD OF TIME :-)  Patience is required but you'll save $$$ and get nice results!
4	Took the time to stop in a look around and wow, do they have a ton of stuff!  Very cool, unique and some hard to find stuff.  Good prices, good selection - we will certainly stop by (and buy) again!
5	This store carries some of the most unique southwest items in the area. If they don't have it - they'll get it for you.  On top of that, the prices are incredibly reasonable.  If you're in doubt - price an item at Buffalo Bill's and then drive 300 yards up Cave Creek and price the same item.  Guaranteed it will cost 10x more elsewhere.  The owners are incredibly friendly and helpful.  They've even delivered larger furniture items to the house at no additional cost.  I don't shop anywhere else.
4	Unique and well priced artifacts, pottery and sculptures from Mexico.  This is the stuff I go south of the border to get and it is right here.  No longer do I have to deal with all of the pleasantries associated with border crossings - no more abductions, security checks, drug runners, driving all day to Mexico...  None of that.  I cruise up the street to the WONDERFUL little town of Cave Creek and peruse their massive lot of stuff!LOVE IT!
5	Great place for hard to find southwest/Mexican hardware.  They are always helpful and will drill extra holes, etc.  I am a fan!!!!!
5	I always make a point to stop by Buffalo Bill's when I am in Cave Creek.  It is a bonanza of unique items and good deals.  I was looking for a set of 3 decorative pots.  If you cannot find them at Buffalo Bill's then you are helpless.  They do not ship out of state so you'll have to hit up the UPS store on Tom Darlington Rd. to ship your wares.  Friendly and helpful employees.  Lots of great finds here.
5	Super great stuff. A lot of the metal stuff is actually made there.
1	Still waiting on resolution on an issue had back in 2012/2013. Will update my review if the manager comes through as promised.
5	I am local, and stop in from time to time to find some treasures. I had a great experience, and we were treated very nicely by a young man who was really friendly. Eventhough it was nearly closing time, we didnt feel rushed, and took home a ceramic pumpkin in time for Halloween.
5	Love this spot.  I drop by everytime I am in town to pick up southwestern trinkets.  Very reasonably priced.
5	You have to stop in. You have to.It has such a wide variety of the coolest things you will ever see. I was also surprised to see just how reasonably priced everything was. My 4 year old loved wandering around and checking out all the cool art. Every one here was super friendly and helpful.The parking situation is a bit difficult especially if you have a larger vehicle!
5	Like a lot of other locals looking for the occasional offbeat metal art, pottery or southwest gift items, I have gone to the Town Dump in Cave Creek, but haven't had a satisfying shopping experience. So I wised up and looked at Yelp reviews, and discovered Buffalo Bill's Trading Post. I don't know how many times I have gone by this place without stopping. What a mistake! It is a great place to find the more unique folk art and pottery pieces for yourself or to give as gifts, at reasonable prices.  I was greeted upon entering the shop and had a great time looking around and finally making tough decisions on a few purchases. The place is much bigger than it looks from the road, so plan to do some browsing! Your out-of-town visitors will also love it!
