4	Fresh designs, a team of 2 talented stylists, and a unique atmosphere.... this hair salon and artspace is a cross between the Adams Family and Greenwich Village.  I found this place through my neighbor.  She came home one night with the most gorgeous magenta streaks in her deep brown hair.  I just had to know who did it.  Since then, she has had gold streaks, copper streaks, and most recently, deep purple streaks. (They were to die for)  Michael made my hair dark brown, deep auburn, burgundy red, and back to my normal coppery orange. Michael is a genius with color.For the men.... Michael's specialty is carving Celtic and modern designs into short hair.They are currently in process of moving the salon from Thomas and 5th Ave, to a new location on 16th street.  Call for an appointment and the new locationThey have completed their move to 4215 N. 16th Street
5	Switchblade salon is by far one of the best salons in the state. It's staffed by two of the most talented and creative stylists I've ever met. I switched to Switchblade from Toni and Guy about 7 years ago and haven't turned back since. Melinda always makes sure I get exactly what I want, no matter how long it takes. She is a styling perfectionist, and I always leave happy. Amazing considering I am also a perfectionist when it comes to my hair, and have left salons in the past in tears. The salon itself is very sheik and artfully decorated. I am always offered a beverage and Melindas head massages are awesome.
5	I was introduced to Michael (Hairgod) at this salon many years ago from a friend.  I told her I wanted something different, extreme, wild.  She recommended him and said he did her friend's hair amazingly crazy and cool.  I decided to give it a try, considering I didn't have a normal stylist of my own.I was pleasantly surprised!  Immediately upon coming in I noticed the stellar artwork on the walls (they used to participate in First Fridays), the vibin' music, and the offering of beer or wine to drink!  WHAT!?  Michael was super friendly, listened to my wants and needs, and is easy to get a long with.  He is worldly as a person and has a crazy story for everything.  He also enjoys good music similar in taste to my own, so it made for nice conversation throughout the appointment.Michael is amazing at cutting hair, especially if you like short, layered, or textured hairdos.  He does an awesome job with funky color combos as well.  Overall, 5 star rating for this place.  It may be slightly expensive compared to other salons, but the service, quality, and overall experience are well worth the price.
5	This is THE best salon in Phoenix. When my hair was all the way down my back, Melinda was the hair stylist I went to, to give me a fresh new look and has continued to do so for over 7 yrs now. She always knows the cut/color to fit your personality/mood even when you walk in not having an idea of what you want. I've even gone in to see her not knowing if I want blonde, brown or red but somehow when I'm in those moods she seems to get a little bit of everything I'm feeling and make it look so beautiful. I ALWAYS get compliments. Whether you're looking for artistic or refined,  just a cut or the works, up do or makeup you will never be disappointed leaving Melinda's salon!
5	I got the primo super vip treatment at Switchblade Salon. Melinda is a genius with the scissors and color. I love my super blonde! she is so much fun!Cathryn H. PHX AZ 85021
5	First of all Melinda is such an artist with hair, whether you want to stay simple or get a little crazy she will create a style and or color that will amaze you and keep you coming back. If you read this review you should give her a shot you will not be disappointed if nothing you will wish you found her sooner :-)One quick thing is that the location noted for this review is incorrect it is the old location, the new location is as follows:4215 N. 16th St. Ste. 10, Phoenix, AZ 85016
5	Love Salon Switchblade!  Melinda is great and always has creative ideas to share.  She is edgy and on point with all of her recommendations whether you want to keep it simple or get a little crazy!  She is also willing to explain and teach you things if you aren't a pro at styling your own hair or have questions about something she's doing, she's patient and offers explanations along the way. I found out about this place from an old college friend I would bump into occasionally out and about.  She always had the most stylish hairdo and gorgeous color.  I finally asked her where she went to get it done and she raved about Melinda and handed me a card.  I booked an appt immediately and am very happy I did!  I definitely recommend Melinda and Switchblade Salon to anyone looking for good options in the Cen Pho!
5	Melinda has been my hairdresser for the past seven years now.  I've never been anything less than ecstatic when I left the salon.  She's an artist with both cut and color.  I've had super-edgy hair, and girly-glam hair.  From blue to dark brown, bangs, undercut, asymmetrical, simple bob - you name it!  I can't say enough.  The atmosphere is relaxing, hip and full of art to check out.  You get privacy and one-on-one attention because there are only two stylists working in this salon. Melinda's company and conversation is sublime, and she's shockingly gorgeous to boot. I've been low on funds lately, trying to start a business, and thought I would skimp on the haircare routine - coloring myself, having random ppl cut my hair for pennies - DO NOT DO THIS.  :-)  Spend good money = get good hair.  If you're debating whether or not to try Switchblade Salon.  TRY IT!  I'm going to call right now and schedule another appointment!
5	Melinda is the most talented, creative and professional hairstylist I've ever seen.She works tirelessly and cares deeply about the satisfaction of all of her customers.
5	I'm still coming here for my hair. Always happy and Melinda is a great to visit with while getting my hair done.
5	Melinda's been keeping me, my girls, my sister, and mother-in-law looking cool for over a decade; her styles and ideas are always fresh, I won't go to anyone else!
5	My first time here, made an appt based off Yelp reviews.Melinda gave me simply the best haircut I may have had EVER! So pleased.And she was sooo nice.I will be back happily ever after!
