3	This is a really busy Autobell, so be prepared for a bit of a wait on weekends.  But they do a pretty good job so its worth the wait.
3	Having someone else, nay, a team of people washing your car is a wonderful thing. It's a brilliant dance of suds, vacuums, towels, sprays and wipes swirling around like Fantasia. It's really not that glamorous, but it's a brilliant system they have going on. Very efficient and certainly adoptive of the "assembly line" type of business. These dudes and dudettes can crank out a "clean" vehicle in no time. The mechanized car wash does a pretty decent job. Sprays most nooks and crannies with maybe a spot missed here and there. The wax and Rain-Ex finish is a nice touch. I like seeing those summertime rain drops zing off of my windshield like a bad habit. A little too spotty on the wheels, though. Some large spots were missed and not tended to, but hey, it's not like it's the end of the world. The only big flaw that came out of my experience was the interior of our car. Pools of water in cupholders, dirt still on the seats and floor mats, and the inside of our windshield wasn't wiped down nearly at all. I'm still trying to get smudges out from the guys who attempted to get this done. A bit annoying, but not the worst thing that could happen. Auto Bell is a great service if you don't have the resources to do it yourself. The prices can vary on which service you choose, so I'm not sure that all pricepoints would really be worth the dollar amount for the service we had rendered. May be back if need be! In the meantime, thanks, Auto Bell!
2	Depends on the kid wiping down your car.  The last "managers special" at $29 bucks was, well, less than "special."  They do a decent job; yet, I'm not sure if the stuff sprayed on the car with the flashing lights is anything more than soapy water.It's NEVER as clean as you'd do it. . .but you're not having to do it.  And frankly, it seems like the worst scratches tend to show up afterwards.  Maybe they're easier to see on a clean car?  OTOH, maybe the high-speed, rotating thinga-ma-jiggers have a rock in there somewhere?  Either way, the staff is ALWAYS nice. . .if not a little overheated due to excessive sun exposure.
1	Has to be one of the worst car wash experiences ever. I was trying to get the car cleaned and I ordered the full service along with a sanitation add on (I got sick in the car... I know I know eew).  The kid who was washing the car came and found me and told me he was done, mind you the two people in front of me, yeah their cars weren't finished yet. So I get in the car and start to drive off when I notice that the car hasn't even been touched on the inside. Not really. So I drive back around and find a manager and let her know. She comes and looks at the car and agrees it looks like it hasn't been touched. So instead of making that kid come and do it all over again she says oh I will take care of it. So she works on it for about 5-8 minutes and then says okay you're good to go. I get back in the car and it's better but still not clean (they didn't even vacuum the car like they were supposed to. At this point I was just so irritated and tired of standing out there while they did a half ass job so I left. I should have stayed and found another manager and made them redo the car from start to finish or give me my money back but honestly I didn't feel good and I just left. So if you are looking for a good car wash then this is not the place to go!! Even if you are looking for a semi decent car wash again NOT the place to go!!
2	I hate to give a business 2 stars but for the value, Auto Bell Car Wash just isn't worth it. I'm used to hand car washes in California, so the mechanized brushes tend to leave me weary.I asked for a the Super Polyprocess for $22.99 that included:    Interior vacuum of carpets and seats    Exterior Wash including wheels     Underbody Wash    Double PolyprocessSM for a spectacular clean    Application of Polish and Sealer     AUTOGLOSS specially formulated for lasting shine    Dash, door panel, and console wiped down    Interior window cleaning    Hand-dry by our staff    Application of Tire Gloss    Fragrance of your choiceWhat surprised me was how fast it was - it was a Saturday afternoon and I think I was done in 15 minutes.  It can be good and bad - in my case, they did run the vacuum through the driver and passenger floors - but wasn't really paying any attention to detail. I have black carpets and mats so you can see what needs to be picked up by the vacuum.  I also think they should've moved the mats and vacuumed in between the mat and the carpet but they clearly didn't do that. The exterior was OK - the main body appeared to be clean but the lower body wasn't.  Their pluses? They are fast and you don't have to do it yourself. For the price, I don't think it's worth it.  I'd rather spend the time doing it myself.
1	I literally created a Yelp login to warn people how this is the crappiest Auto Bell in America!! My wife and I forget how terrible this place always is, and trick ourselves every few months into going back because it's so conveniently located near our house. It's a virtual certainty your windshield will still have spots when you leave, your wheels will still be covered in brake dust and water marks from poorly wiping down the car will be everywhere. I've even returned to Auto Bell to show a manager of the poor workmanship and been told to hop in the infinitely long line to again mediocrely wipe down my sedan. Do. Not. Go. Here.
3	I'm at AB at least twice a month if not more.  The staff are always friendly but usually there is some level of dissatisfaction with the cleanliness of my car.  I hate the little fibers their towels leave on my windows and when it comes to the interior they don't vacuum as thoroughly as they could.
