3	Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles.
2	Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.
4	Compared to the one we used to use in Scottsdale, the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus.
3	Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm.
1	This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed.
1	Stay far away from this pharmacy! Especially if you're a woman who has been picking up her controlled prescriptions from Walgreens for years as the so-called pharmacy manager is a super crazy religious zealot and woman hater & refused to fill my rx like I just crawled in off the streets with no prior history. Idiot. I am oh so hopeful that someone deflates his puffed up ego soon. You are not God, John Sears, you're just am ugly man with a teeny tiny penis...or so I imagine.P.S. Your staff is terrified of you and your tyrannical nature, I almost pity them...Guess what? CVS not only had no problems filling my scripts (I'm now a die hard convert, especially as Walgreens' inventory is always short) but they also shared their outrahed dismay with me & happily provided me with the contact info to whom I report the High & Mighty, albeit reckless & lazy, John Sears for professional misconduct. If you've had a similar experience with this hideous man, send me a note. I'm happy to share the info as he and many other Walgreens pharmacists are barely any better & also believe that they know better than my own physician...its getting scarry out there!
1	Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely, but each time has been a terrible experience.
