1	Awful awful food and service! An insult to chinese/asian cuisine! Seriously! I figured, since it was featured in the chinese newspaper, it must somehow represent what we eat... but no... Not one dish was acceptable. They had a thailand style salad, which in my opinion should be made with something along mango, papaya, sweet and spicy... but it was chop suey with fish sauce and tiny bit of chili! the pineapple pork was all breading, goey sticky starchy sauce, bland, too sweet. there was no sushi available even though it is one of their most marketed menu item. And the service was beyond bad. Even though it is a all you can eat, after ordering the first time, they seem to try to ignore you as much as possible as soon as you try to order something else. We waited 30 minutes for a second round, abandonned and asked for the bill. Surprisingly, the bill came in fast enough.  I really do not recommend this restaurant at all.
1	I couldn't agree more with Sabrina L. The food is under average, especially for the prices they ask. Service? What service? My wife wasn't hungry so she went for the "a la carte menu" instead of the buffet. When the waiter brought my food, he insisted on me eating it alone not sharing it with her. That was pretty embarrassing considering he said it out loud and all the tables around us heard it. The only positive thing: decor is niceWill not return.
2	Food is average, especially for the price. Small quantity too. Service not terrible, I wasn't done with my soup and the girl just took it away without saying anything!!! Go somewhere else if you want to have nice Asian food. You won't find it at Sato & Chan.
5	Great place to eat. The food was amazing and the service was quick. General Tao, sesame beef, and the rainbow sushi were all amazing. The concept is all-you-can-eat but you order from the menu and they bring it fresh to the table
5	Went last night with a bunch of women. The service was quick and friendly. The variety and quality of food was much better than I expected. Will definitely come back.
4	I was really pleasantly surprised. I wasn't expecting much since its a sushi/schezuan place and they aren't usually fantastic .... But this place was very good. The beef & broccoli was super tasty, the fried squid was amazing, and the peanut butter dumplings were to die for. The sushi was fresh and perfectly made. I'd definitely go back!!!
4	A recent sushi experience has had me swear off all you can eat restaurants, but sato and chan might see me go back on my word one day. It's your typical all you can order to eat kind of restaurant except absolutely everything I ordered was delicious. I had also starved myself for 24 hours to prepare for this so they could have served dry rice and I would have inhaled that also. My point is: I don't like all you can eat restos, but i kind of like this one. There's so much more than sushi that it's hard not to!
1	This place looks decent on the outside but it's just a front!We were seated and the waiter did not take our drink order - didn't ask. We had to ask for them!  We ordered our food on a photocopied piece of paper - we ordered about 10 items but only received 7 of them and 2 of them were incorrect!  We ordered noodles and got ribs, we ordered sushi and got chicken!  It was a really horrible experience!  When we told the waiter he shook his head and said "oh sorry" and walked away!!!When we first walked in I let the host and and hostess know it was my husbands birthday. They assured me they would bring over a slice of cake w/candle. Didn't happen. Do yourself a favour and skip this one. I can't remember the last time I had such bad service. Oh and BTW the carpets have never been cleaned!
1	Thats a bad sushi place, i ate at hundreds of sushi restaurants and this one is among my bottom list. Sashimi was not fresh at all and thats dangerous , food was less than ok. A lot of choices but nothing special. The waiter was faceless, each time we ordered an additional dish we had the impression we were exceeding what the restaurant expected (as it is all you can eat menu) , anyway we were a group of 15 and i doubt any of us will return.
