2	I usually get OK service. The store is larger in size and carries more than a few others sprint stores I've been to so I usually come back.The last 2 times I've experienced 2 complete opposite experiences.  The 1st time I was in and out in less than half an hour.  Customer service was pretty good, answering whatever questions I had and even helped me order a replacement phone.  The 2nd time I was there for almost 2 hours. There was about the same number of customers as last time. Called the night before and was told that all I had to do was pick up the phone, it would already be activated and whatever else it needed. Patiently waited maybe they lost it or something. Everyone who helped me was very helpful except for this one guy who lacked customer service. He had a smug smirk to his face and seemed as if I was bothering him from standing around and staring out the window with my 2 simple questions.
3	First off, the service was very good. My husband went here a few times because he had some problems with his cell phone. He had a blackberry curve but his contract was up and he was interested in getting a new phone, an upgrade, (although he liked his old blackberry but disliked the little ball- gets dirty and needs replacing), so when he got one (free with 2 yr. activation), he was glad at first. Then it wasn't working properly (could not hear him speaking on the other end) after about 2 weeks. So he came back here, to see what could be done. He went to the one on Russell/Pecos, where he got a replacement (which turned out to be a refurbished one; which he did not know until he got it). Well, since he had already agreed to a new contract, the people assisting him, kept this phone for observation, and reset it a few times. Guess what? It still was not working the right way (the ringer was not working, so he could not receive calls), so he was stuck. Although the service was nice, and the people were nice about it, they were unable to keep him as a customer. So, the service was good, but the product was not up to par (and because this was a family plan, his payment would jump up significantly; some bs data upcharge of $10/mo).
1	Super ShadyThis is Vegas. So I lost my iphone in the process but somehow managed to get it back!The goods was that I had exceptional service while I was in there to get a new iphone from Javier O. He was nice and all, got my phone, sevice was up and then I was out the door.Towards the end of the day, I somehow managed to get my phone back - great right? Also around the same time my whole cellular service was not operation and not becuase it was down, no one could figure it out. Anyways, I thought it was not a big deal, I will just go to the store, return it and then get my old one working again. So when I went back, a girl was helping me. She was fine, she tried helping me switch back to my old phone but couldn't get the internet to work. Arghh....but that's not where it gets bad. Javier rolls by and said that I could not return the phone. He said that it will cost $300 to restock the phone, essentially the amount I paid for. Ridiculous right? He said that it was for iPhones only. Anyways, being gullible as I was, I just took it at face value. I was running out of time and I had a cab waiting for me outside so I decided to fix my internet problem when I had more time. How hard could it be right?I followed the sprint technicians to the tee and still my issue was not resolve. Wasted a good few good hours in Vegas with this stupid issue. Useless bunch.Fastforward and it's Monday, I go back to my home branch in Daly City and within minutes, Ditter was able to fix the issue. And also, remember the ridiculous restocking $300 fee Javier told me about, I was told that it is a $35 restocking fee. F***face totally tried to jack me! I will not ever reccoment service from this guy. It was super shady how he did business.
1	Nothing personally against this store specifially, but Sprint service overall is absolutely dreadful.  I have been fighting to get some sort of signal for a YEAR when Sprint customer service finally offered me the Airave personal tower.  Well, the first one didn't work, so they said they'd rush out a 2nd one. After waiting a week, I called again and was told they were on back order and would be another 2-3 weeks. Would have been nice to know that my rush 'wasn't'.  2nd one arrived, went thru the whole set up and wait, but to no avail. After several calls to Sprint, I was told that this unit was reported as lost or stolen at one time and could not be activated.  How does this happen??? Neither Sprint nor I know.. a THIRD unit was sent to me, which did work but when I told the phone tech that I only had 3 bars (which IS an improvement on my usually one bar), she told me to stand closer to the unit.  Really?  That kind of defeats the purpose of wanting coverage in my whole house...  THEN I got a new car with an internet radio... now we have a whole new issue.   To make it short, the system is useless to me as SPRINT never can seem to connect or stay connected.  So, on another call to Sprint for assistance, I was offered the same explanation: "They are working on the towers and should be done in about a week" which I've heard for nearly a year...  and a whopping credit of $27.50.  I am almost ready to pay the huge early termination fee for all my lines just to find a service that is.. a SERVICE.  Even though the phone reps are polite, they are unable to help, thus making them useless.  Everyone I talk to about this issue says "Yep, that's Sprint - I would never use them again."  Being a 10 year customer, I would think that I'm worth more than $27.50 to them.  I hope your lack of anything helpful is worth this one star rating and a public blast to you, Sprint.
1	I have been with sprint for 10 plus years..I have never had a 4G phone with fast service.. I use to pay for it each month.. They have been saying the same shit for 5 years the towers are not up yet.. Don't buy it.
2	they barely have any customer, but took almost 2 hours to just changed some infos and buy new iphone 5C.
2	Customer service is bar none, once you actually get seen. The girl that helped me bent over backwards to ensure I was happy, and I would have been...If I hadn't been waiting for over 3 hours.With no bathroom.And nothing to do.Make sure your battery is charged or you bring a book so you have something to do. This is my second time here (had to wait 2 weeks for my backordered phone). I'm already into the first hour of waiting to be seen. There were 2 people in front of me. There are still 2 people in front of me. Lord knows how long they've been waiting.If you speak Spanish, you get seen much quicker.It's sad that, similar to a doctor's visit, I have to schedule my day around a visit to the Sprint store. At least the doctor's has magazines. And bathrooms.
1	Not sure why I keep going back here. I moved to Vegas 2 years ago. At that time, I had been a sprint customer for 10 years. As soon as I move to Vegas, my perception of sprint went totally out the window. For two years they keep telling me that they are fixing the towers. 2 YEARS!!! By the time they get them up, it's gonna be time to put new ones up. DO NOT GET SPRINT IN VEGAS. The absolute WORST service in the Vegas area. Without a doubt. Horrible. On a side note. This is strange but just an observation. And if I didn't know any better, I'd say they have some kind of under the table contract with cox. Cox cable is just as horrible but each refer me to the other to fix the problems I'm constantly having. It's just odd to me and it really seems like they are connected in some way.
1	If it's not the horrible coverage, misleading plans, abs over priced accessories... It's the horrible customer service. This store needs to be shut down. No in store repair. Can't pay your loan for buying a phone here and the dude at the front desk that's supposed to apparently be signing me in was too busy with his text messaging to even notice that I started to wander to the CSR. I have been here a few times before and never had to check in at the front. This guy stops me only to look back down at his phone to finish a few more texts. Then, he tells me I can't even pay my phone off here. Why is he even there? How can they afford to pay that guy... Oh, I know... Because they rip everyone off and that's the surplus to help out the friends... Ugh.
