5	Dope Vapor is the best vapor shop in Clark County!!  They specialize in mechanical mods and have the best prices in town.  They have a great selection of mods and RDAs, including King, Stingray, Caravela, Hammer, Panzer, Nemesis, Omega, Patriot, Foggy, Nimbus, and IGO.  They have all copper mods on the way.  Dope Vapor makes their own liquids and they are tasty.  No crappy aftertaste.  Pure Luck, Extasy, and Lemon Drop are my favorites.  You can get 5 (10 mL) for $25.  The owner, Maniak, is very knowledgeable and spends the time to explain the ins and outs of mods to you so you can select one that is right for you.  It is the only shop in town where you can drip taste on his selection of mods before you purchase one.  He gives you a free plastic drip tip to take with you which is way better than those stupid cardomizer condoms that you have to take on and off to try different flavors.  I drive across town for his liquid!  Dope Vapor has a relaxing lounge to hang out and taste with great music.  Dope Vapor just opened this week and Maniak told me they are having a grand opening this Saturday (5/17/14).
4	First off, Dope Vapor does not sell starter kits as they only sell mechanical mods and rba's. So in my opinion, this isn't a bad thing, nor is it a good thing. For those who want to quit cigarettes, yes you get the full satisfying flavor and throat hit you can ask for, it's not expensive per say(as they sell replicas and clones), but it might be a little over someone's budget to just see if it'll really work for for them to kick the cigarettes.They have 10 to 12 flavors, all of which are sweet. I don't mind this, but someone looking for a good tobacco or subtle flavor might think otherwise. Since i drip my juices, i sat down and tested the sample bottles. The way Dope Vapor lets you test their flavors are also by using a mech mod and rda, which is awesome because everyone knows or should know dripping brings out the flavor a lot more compared to a basic clearomizer that i see often in many other shops. Also, at the time the nicotine levels they carried were 0,3 and 6mg, most common levels for dripping. I personally like Pure Luck and Chronic Melons so give those a try if you stop by.The person i spoke to during my visit is chill and laidback. We talked about unique coil builds he was working on and also about juices he was experimenting with. I enjoyed my time talking and tasting juices.Prices are good, i bought 5 juices and it came out to $25 + tax. the juices are 10ml each so 50ml for $25 isn't shabby at all for being local. Their clone mechanical mods are decently priced, not too sure of what manufacturer they carry though. But some of them seem to be from DHgate or FastTech not too sure.Overall, I had a pleasant experience. Staff is friendly, the shop is simple but effective. I get the fact he eliminated the starter kits so someone doesn't make the mistake of buying cheap starter kits, but maybe someone out there doesn't like big and bulky devices, or doesnt want to spend 100+(guestimating since you need a battery, charger, mod, rba and juice), and end up not liking it. Just my opinion of course. 4/5 stars Keep it up guys.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. The best shop in Nevada. I searched  high and low for a place that had awesome prices and a trust worthy owner. I have been vaping for about 2 years so I have been to almost every vape store in Nevada. This place is by far the best. Stop and get a mod or liquid. I promise you won't be disappointed!
