5	I stopped here after yoga today (convenient since it was just upstairs) and had one of the best pieces of chocolate cake that I have ever had - Bliss is appropriately named  and even after a generous sized piece, I wish I had ordered more to tide me over until I can stop there again. In addition to phenomenal desserts, there are smoothies, juices, salads, soups and sandwiches.
5	First time at the Amazing Cafe today. I got one of the green juices and it was SO good. be aware that if you don't either bring your own mason jar or plan to drink in the restaurant you will have to purchase a mason jar for $2.00. Loved it though and am excited to get back and try the food!
5	Amazing is a great name for this place because that's what it is! So stoked to have another raw/vegan option in the city of Pittsburgh. The menu changes often but I've never been let down. There are always delicious options to be had. Juices and smoothies are great too!Great place to stuff your face and feel good about it. ;)
3	Two visits in and I will definitely be back for the terrific vegan food. So delicious. The veggie burger was awesome, and served with baked fries (only good) and slaw (terrific.) My second visit I ordered a smoothie. I was on my bike and ordered a smoothie for take out. I was asked "do you know about our Mason jar deposit?" I did not. Well apparently you spend an extra three bucks to carry a glass jar out to the street. If you bring it back, you get your three dollars back. So many things wrong with this idea for people walking or biking around on Carson Street. Or driving. I'd love to see a car with a cup holder that fits a Mason jar. After being told that they'll serve the smoothie in a plastic cup but "it's bad for the environment" (no kidding) I was on my way with what was a delicious blueberry and almond butter smoothie.  I recycled the plastic cup. Good smoothie.  Major hipster hassle.
5	this place is the best ever. the service is amazing, the food is amazing it is healthy. thank you thank you thank youuuuu!
4	This cafe is dedicated to providing delicious smoothies, juices, and food with the highest quality possible ingredients.  I love that they use local produce when they can and (i think) are plastic-free.  I just had a delicious banana/cacao/almond smoothie that was huge and filling for just under $8.  I will definitely return!
5	love everything about this place! I got the after party juice and the hope salad and both were perfect. fresh ingredients, good combinations of flavored and textures, not to mention healthy! and the cafe itself is adorable. the blue walls have a calming effect upon entering and the decor is charming. I'll be back for sure!
5	Wonderful place for tasty vegan food! Enjoyed the vitality juice, French toast, and kindness bowl. Staff were all friendly and welcoming. Would definitely come here again.
5	Light vegetarian meals. Great variety to choose from. Excellent fresh juice selection. Can't wait to go back again soon!
5	As the name states, this place is amazing!Amazing Cafe has a chill, casual atmosphere and the food is fantastic! It's not what I would expect in Pittsburg but they really have a gem here. And the prices are totally reasonable for the level of quality and size of the portions.I got the coconut curry with seasonal veggies and brown rice which was awesome, my buddy raved about his soup and alive salad. The juice and smoothie selection looks great as well. They really have healthy vegan food right, very little emphasis on tofu/tempeh soy products, almost entirely gluten free, and tons of local ingredients. It's my guess that you can't go wrong at this spot
5	It really was amazing:) My son is usually an adventurous eater but he was finding that he didn't like 1 ingredient in each of the offers. He settled for a simple sandwich and loved it! I loved my wraps and coffee. When I ordered the chocolate cake at the end for myself, I knew that my son would probably end up eating most of it. That was the biggest hit:) We cannot wait to try more!
