5	This place just opened about a week or so ago and I decided to stop in today. I got a great sandwich and potato salad on the cheap. The people behind the counter were kind and shared a few laughs together. Only one problem, the hours. They close at 5, 3 on Saturdays and closed on Sunday. Having a 9-5, I can only enjoy these good sandwiches is on Saturday afternoon. Be open later or open on Sunday, please!
5	Shit rules! Best sandwich for your money in Lawrenceville!
5	I love the sandwiches here. Love them. Big hearty portions and delicious. My personal Favorite is the roasted veggie on rye and I'm not even a vegetarian. That's saying something..I'll be back soon and often.
5	I don't even know where to begin.  The family which owns and run this place is awesome.  They always greet you with a smile and a laugh.  They really make me feel like I am with family while I'm waiting for sandwich to be made.  I highly suggest the 4 cheese and tomato panini or the Tutti.  Just make sure if you order a tutti that you get everything on it, otherwise they will quickly tell you that its not a tutti.  Try them today, and you will be back tomorrow for more...I promise!
4	Great pastrami. But the people are what makes the vibe so good
5	Great price, great food, great staff (both of them).  Everyone is so friendly, the soup is awesome, the chicken and egg salad is superb.  I would eat here everyday if I wasn't at work m-f!
3	Friendly, helpful folks making decent sandwiches. Good bread, great deli sauce, good prices, and some tasty combinations.It's all Boar's Head meat & cheese, so that's the limiting factor here -- fine, but nothing special. What's special are some of the more interesting sandwiches, and the excellent service.
5	I love the Salads!! And the soups are sooooo good and I think home made!! I really like that they grow their own herbs, nothing like garden fresh basil on my Caresse!!!
4	This place is my go-to spot when I want a huge !@#%ing sandwich. Just down the street from me, the Deli on Butler Street uses Boarhead cold cuts and aren't afraid to pile it on.The vibe inside is very close knit. I don't know for sure, but I think everyone working is in the same family. Their wedding soup is nothing to write home about, but it's good.I love their sandwiches AND their subs. As I said before, they're piled high but they're also on amazing bread. Their Italian bread is crusty and chewy and their subs feel fresh baked. The ingredients are premium and in abundance and everyone is friendly and easy to talk to.My only complaint would be their chip selection. It's scant and they only have Lays brand. They need to get a more gourmet selection, preferrably of the kettle variety. A bag of Lays doesn't mesh well enough with the quality of their sandwiches.
5	Just fantastic!  all takeout, no sitting.Head in, see Greg, get yourself a sandwich, perhaps the Pasquale, named after his dad!Pannin's are also good, Beef and Blue or Chicken Artichoke.
4	Cool little place I discovered while I was opening an account at PNC Bank that is across the street. Food is really good and the prices are unbeatable. The panini's are great and the wraps are not half bad either. I got way more than what I paid for and felt like it was a great value.I spoke with the owner who was behind the counter and he seems like a very nice guy. The guy in front of me in line apparently had his order messed up and the owner was kind enough to fix it and give it to him free of charge. Cool little local place and a great way to support local businesses. They have no seating. The owner told me when he bought the building, the Crazy Mocha coffee shop that is next door bought the bathrooms so because of health codes, he is not allowed to have seating. TAKE OUT ONLY!!
5	I get the Tutti sandwich almost every time because it is just soooo good.  Everything I have had here is great and it keeps me coming back time and time again.  Almost forgot, they use nothing but the best meats, Boar's Head all the way!
5	So every time I order from here, I say to myself, "You only need to eat 1/2 of this behemoth sammy."  But I just can't stop myself and end up savoring every delectable munch right up until I'm staring at the empty sandwich paper thinking, "Good Lord, I did it again."  My favorite is the Pasquale.  It's loaded with superb Boar's Head meat and a special, highly addictive, sauce (IV drip please!).  My only wish is that they were open longer (they close at 5pm) since it's hard for me to get there with my work schedule.
4	Love this place. I would eat there seven days out of the week. The staff are friendly and grate at what they do. I only wish where was a place to sit and eat.
5	This place is great.  I got a huge sandwich and a drink for about 8 bucks.  Friendly staff, quick service.  I will definitely be back.
4	I have to say this is the best sandwich I have had since I have been in Pittsburgh, hands down.I had the Tutti and I was shocked when I received it, it was huge!  They offer you enough meat for the sandwich to be a meal (unlike nasty Subway, which is pretty much the same price) and it is all fresh. Not much more to say about a great sandwich!
4	I've tried the Cobb wrap and the Italian panini.  The blue cheese in the Cobb wrap is a nice touch, making it a little more interesting than your typical chicken wrap.  The Italian panini is also pretty tasty, but probably could use a little bit of sauce to spice it up.The service is very friendly and I will be back for more!
5	I love this place! My short & simple review is that they have great food and I love their Chicken Salad sandwich. So much so, that I crave it in my sleep every day. I wish they delivered, although it's good that they don't because otherwise I would be here every day.
4	In keeping with supporting small independents on my lunch break i venture on a beautiful day a bit further into lawrenceville to try out this deli that has a huge reputation and has been talked up to me by a coworker.Walking in, my first impression was - Nice!  had a lot of people in there for the lunch rush, they were making food at a great pace.  everyone was happy and cheery.I asked the young lady who took my order for a vegan recommendation and she said go with the veggie wrap.  so, I did.  And, I felt like i got what i paid for.  A good sized, fresh made, thick, lovely wrap.Olives, cucumber, spring mix, hummus, and some other stuff all worked out really well.  They have 3 options of wraps - flour, wheat, garlicI think I paid 8 and change for the wrap and an OJ.  not bad!Good wrap, good people, good local independent business.  Support them!  And forget the subways of the world.  Especially the one right across the street.
5	This is one deli that makes me feel like I am back in NY where I grew up. From the owner Gary to the cashier Cynthia I feel like I am home. They make me feel welcome and the food is to die for. I haven't had one bad thing yet. And I had some tomato soup from there this past Saturday incredible. This is the perfect example a small deli should be. Family oriented, family owned and customer oriented. I could literally sit in there and talk to everyone for hours if I didnt have to work myself.Thank you for a great experience and you will continue to see me on a weekly basis!CheersChris!
4	Great sandwiches and soups. Friendly staff.
3	I went here several times for lunch when I worked in Lawrenceville. The staff is very friendly and the sandwiches are a million times better than Subway. However, when you put in custom orders (in my case: no olives) they are sometimes ignored. Twice I opened up my sandwich after a 10 block walk and discovered there were olives and olive juice in my sandwich which completely ruined my lunch.My recommendation is to check your sandwich before you leave, which I know makes you look like an a**hole but I just hate sitting down to lunch and discovering my meal is ruined.
3	Nice lil spot... Food was ok ... Staff was great and friendly... But to me something was missing in the sense of what a deli has... Overall not bad , I'dGo back
2	Out of 5:3.5 - Soup - Italian Wedding: Love this soup.0.5 - Soup - Macaroni and Cheese1.0 - Avocado Bleu2.0 - Caesar Salad with Chicken: too much iceburg lettuce, not enough leafs.  Standard dressing.  Sliced chicken breast doesn't go great with salad (but I shouldn't be surprised that it was used).2.5 - Mediterranean Chicken Panini
4	I love this little place! The food is so good, and the people are probably the friendliest staff of any restaurant I've been too. They don't look miserable and bored. I love the chicken cesar wraps! And you get a lot of food for your money too. I wish I still lived in Lawrenceville so I could go here more often.
2	I mean it's an ok deli...It was hard to concentrate on their menu because some big guy who works there (owner?) was soo loud. I've been to the one on northside too (Deli on North) and I enjoyed myself there more.   There were tables & chairs for my friends and I to sit.  And they make a real effort to remember their customers. I've only been there a couple of times and the guy at the register called me by name as soon as I walked in the door.  I was floored!  Food is always great and the people are real nice.
5	Hands down the best Deli in Pittsburgh! From the homemade soups and side items to the signature sandwiches, you will not find a bad item on the menu. I continue to introduce co workers to the Deli on Butler and even the pickiest people love it. Although the food is top notch, I would have to say that the best part about the Deli is the people. Even on a busy day, they make you feel like family and shout you out by name which goes a long way. If you are in the Lawrenceville area, stop in and you will not be disappointed!
5	By far the best deli in pittsburgh. The portions and prices are fantastic and their sandwich combinations are interesting and so good. Highly recommend!
5	I absolutely love this deli! Their specials are always unique and tasty. As someone who craves chicken salad sandwiches but is picky about the quality, this deli is a great find. The sandwiches are generous and extremely flavorful.
5	I can't believe this is the first time I've tried this deli. I've lived in NYC for 12 years and this place reminds me so much of my favorite delis in NYC with how amazing their sandwiches are. Huge portions, divine bread, fresh toppings, delicious sauces (and their soups are terrific as well).  Can't say enough great things about this place!
5	AVACADO BLUE!! The deli is always delicious and makes Sammy's packed with meat and a menagerie of different flavors that mix perfectly. Never disappoints.
5	So so yummy. Perfect lunch spot when you're in a rush or not in the mood to think because everything is well made, tasty, and simple. Who doesn't love a delicious sandwich!? They also offer a wonderful selection of Utz chips, sodas and other drinks, making lunch complete! My current favorite is the California Club (cold)!
1	Rudest customer service. I walked in the establishment and the women behind the counter did not speak or greet. As I reviewed the menu and stepped forward to place my order. The women behind the counter did not acknowledge my presence, then rudely  took another customer's order who was standing behind me. I walked out the establishment.  I'm a pretty friendly person but this was unacceptable.
1	When there are four people behind the counter, and they can't manage to effectively take care of two customers, this is a serious problem. This was at 3 o'clock in the afternoon- well pastt he lunch time rush.  I had already placed my order, which the (nice) guy at the counter had taken and passed on to the sandwich maker. After I spent 5 or so minutes listening to the owner bust people's balls in a way which I'm sure he thinks is funny, he finally asks me if anyone had taken my order. Yep, they had. The guy making sandwiches mumbled something, and walked away from his station. Like, he's done for the day or some nonsense. Poor kid at the counter had to hustle around, and crack out the sandwich, which he did rapidly. I've been here before, and the food is good, but the culture of this place is pretty toxic. This sort of behavior is, sadly, the norm. It's also a problem, because this part of Butler is basically a food desert. The pizza place, the Wendy's and the Subway nearby are all bad versions of this sort of establishment. A whole block's worth of lazy, sullen, grouchy, incompetent service. I won't be back here. They don't deserve my money, and they don't deserve yours.
5	I can't believe some people are knocking the food here.  I truly honestly think these are the best sandwiches in Pittsburgh.  The pastrami and the brisket sandwiches are insanely good.  Everything is top of the line ingredients.  I'm  a raving fan.  Try the brisket and/or the pastrami!
