4	Great new local Italian spot in the neighborhood. We really enjoyed our dinner and the place looks great! We are giving them a -1 star for the service which was good but pretty slow. It's only their second day being open so I'm sure it will get better. Anyhow, the food and drinks were great. We shared the grilled octopus, the caprese 3 way, and the bolognese and finished with the chocolate dessert. Very yummy and we will be back!
5	Great new North Scottsdale spot!  The space is beautiful - huge patio, really nicely done.Service was awesome, food was perfect. Tried the Burrata appetizer.  Simple, fresh and just right.  Bucatini and Ravioli for dinner.  Both were excellent.  Oh, and the Tiramisu was the best I have ever had.  Stuff dreams are made of!   Really great experience and will most definitely be back.
5	Stopped for lunch at Spiga today.  My husband and I split the fig white pizza.  Everything was so fresh, the crust was delicious, and it was really good.  The service was great.  The owner stopped by to chat, adding a very personal touch to this restaurant.  We will definitely be back and recommend it to our friends.
5	We had an excellent pizza at this new restaurant service was great the food was excellent.
2	I hate to be the odd man out but the previous revues must have been friends of the owner.  The Bolognese lacked flavor and the pasta was gummy and stuck together in a clump.  The Spiga salad advertised salami and pancettaAnd if there was one ounce of meat in it I could not find it.  My calamari was inedible and looked like it came from the frozen food case at Safeway. The dipping sauce with it was flavorless.On the plus side the space is great with a good vibe.  If you go for vibe and space go, if you go for good food go somewhere else.  A generous 2 stars.As usual North Scottsdale people confuse with flash with real quality cuisine. The I noticed that several great reviews that were the first ever in yelp, obviously planted by friends of the owner.  By the way the server agreed the calarmi  was terrible and removed it from my check
5	What a great place to Dine. The choices on menu , hospitality, bar, was right on target. All from the pleasant greeting from hostess's  to our server, we felt very welcomed. The presentation with the food was very inviting and the flavor proved it. Our family loves Italian cuisine and this place has it. So well operated with management checking on us, not only with our meals but on a friendly level. A must try from this "foodie"
4	I must say that they did a beautiful job with the space, especially the lovely patio. Went there for the first time yesterday to have lunch and had the pappardelle bolognese - While the dish was good, I expected the sauce to be somewhat richer in flavor. My friend had the bufaleta pizza and it was wonderful. The cappuccinos were wonderful. The owner Fernando is very friendly and welcoming. I wish them a lot of success. Our server Marcus was very kind and attentive. I look forward to try some of the other items on the menu. Their wine list is extensive
2	We arrived at 6:45, and it is now 8:35. We haven't received our food yet. The service had been pretty lame. Not that many people are even in the restaurant at the moment.
5	Spiga is amazing. First the decor is beautiful, but the fresh quality food is delicious!! I went with a large party and had amazing service by Christy. We are all foodies and go out once a month to a restaurant together. Most restaurants have problems with servicing our large party, but not Spiga. We started with the meatballs on polenta, beet salad, calamari and panzanella salad. All were amazing. Meatballs and polenta let's just say probably the best I have ever had. Beet salad was a piece of art work, nothing I have ever seen before and salad was delicious. The calamari was perfect, not too much breading and perfectly cooked not rubbery at all. I had the short ribs which were amazing and I am very hard to please when it comes to short ribs. I was able to graze off of some of my friends plates. The lamb was cooked perfectly and the flavors all together were terrific. The pizza had prosciutto, mushrooms and Arugula was perfect. I am typically not a huge bolognese pasta fan, but the fresh house made pasta, sauce and ricotta swirled in was delicious!! The pricing is right on point for the quality and food portions. Definitely will have a doggie bag to take home. You can tell they put a lot of love into their food.
1	I was part of a party of six for dinner here over the weekend and I must say... The service was terrible. The communication from the server was very limited and we feel that she had poor communication with the chef and the owner. We waited a sad two hours for any food to come to our table and when it arrived, it was the complete wrong order while others around us were enjoying theirs. We got fed up and spoke to the owner. The owner was a little off. Instead of sympathizing with us, he belittled the situation and made us more upset. I hope they fix their service and get their restaurant in order. The least they could have done was offer us an appetizer to hold us over.  I am never going back! We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner down the street at The Lamp. Order The Gem or The Margarita Pizza!
4	Excellent wine list!  Great decor.  Food was great.  I was with a party of 8 and everyone enjoyed their choices.  Mushroom risotto was cheesy and delicious!  Recommended!
4	Great menu. Pasta was delicious. Pizza flavor was excellent but unfortunately crust became very soggy fast. Will definitely be back.
5	Great decor, energy filled atmosphere, and wonderful food. What more could you ask for.
4	Had a great meal here the other night that hit on all positive notes.  The service was top notch, the restaurant itself is great looking and the food was great as well.  Can be slightly tricky finding depending on which side you are coming from but easily visible from Pinnacle Peak, which for me was after I passed it.  The food:  The portions are fantastically large which I sincerely hope they do NOT change.  I had the garlic shrimp app (Gamberi Limone) which had great garlicky flavor but not too overpowering.  Followed by Pappardelle Bolognesse and the Polpette pizza. The Bolognesse was absolutely delicious with plenty of sauce and fresh pasta sheets.  It was savory and I'm kind of drooling just thinking about it.  The pizza was also very tasty with fresh ingredients.  The service:  There wasn't a moment where I felt unattended to or overly invasive.  From start to finish it was about a little over a one hour meal and our server was always there if a coke glass was nearing its end.  Wish I could remember her name because she was stellar.  Overall a great experience and will return.
1	After a good first experience mid-week,  our return visit was a disappointment on a Friday night. Although they accommodated us as we arrived early, the table was by the door and every time it opened we got a blast of cold air. The waiter was proficient, but it took over an hour for the entrees to arrive after ordering. Then my veal chop arrived basically raw when I asked for medium. It eventually arrived after the rest of our party were done their meals. A free desert was provided to try and make up for the gaff, but the overall experience was far from adequate.
5	Finally, after 15 years, a reason to stay North of the 101. Spiga, open about a month now may be the best Italian restaurant I've been to since moving here. It's hip, stylish, busy, happening and the food, service, prices, selection and ambiance kills on all levels. The owners, Fernando and Paula know restaurant management and they know how to keep people happy and engaged. With their happy hour, this may very well become my new "Cheers." Bravissimo!
5	So excited to have such a great restaurant closer to home!  Our first visit tonight and I my family is still raving about it. We had chicken parm and even though they didn't have my son's favorite dish on the menu they made it for him anyway. All of it was amazing. We finished up with tiramisu and it was also delicious. Portions are generous and they have a great wine selection. The service was also impeccable. We will definitely tell our friends and we will be back for sure!
5	The four of us enjoyed a Happy Hour at Spiga.  Beautifully decorated and a place you could actually have a conversation without screaming.  Our server was fantastic, attentive and went out of his way to keep us happy.  We had the pizza (chef's choice) which was the pear and gorgonzola.  OMG, that was the best tasting pizza ever.  Two of us shared a Calamari and shrimp salad.  Delicious!  The kitchen even split the order into two plates and did not charge for the service.  Another lady ordered the Chef's selection of meats & cheeses and was equally pleased with her choice.  This has become our favorite place to meet.  We will be back!We did not venture to the outside seating.  It looked equally inviting with heaters for the winter months.
2	We had dinner here tonight for the first time. Had high hopes given the investment made in the update from previous place.  Decor is nice.  Wait wasn't bad, but after waiting the 20 minutes quoted they made up a high top in the bar and had us sit there anyways.  Table was very wobbly so manager comes by and has us pick up all our drinks while he attempts to fix the table. Odd for a nice place. We get one glass of wine each and then have to wait for the waiter to have time to check on us again to ask for second.  Foods comes before we get our second glass.  My wife said her's was good, she got the ravioli dish.  I got the pollo parmigiana, came out with burnt edges.  Should have been caught in the kitchen.  Waiter was not attentive at all.  Never checked if everything came out ok or checked back on us before asking if we wanted the bill.  Sorry, usually will give a place two tries but this one loses on round one.
3	Our group of four was excited to try Spiga, the hip new kid in town. We made a reservation for 4 for 7:30pm. We arrived at 5 'til. They asked if we wanted to "wait just a moment" while they made up a table in the "private room" or did we want to take the table next to the entrance? Seemed like a no-brainer. We chose the private room. A moment turned into two, turned into three. After about 15 minutes, we decided to get a drink at the bar while we waited. Of course, we had just gotten our drinks when the table became ready. The "private" room ended up being a large room with 4 or 5 tables off of the main room. Maybe they convert it into a private room when needed, but they shouldn't even call it a private room - it feels like a part of the restaurant. Regardless, the unexpected wait started us off on an awkward foot.The ambiance is stellar. Old brick walls that curve at the ceiling, wooden beams, warm amber up-lighting. It felt like we were dining in an Italian wine cellar. Lovely. The bartender is excellent. I very much enjoyed the martini and my friend spoke highly of his old fashioned.For appetizers, we ordered the calamari, octopus and the caprese 3-way . Like other reviewers have commented, it was good but not great. My friends noted that the octopus was cooked perfectly.For dinner, we had chicken parm, seafood linguini, and short-rib ravioli. The chicken looked dry and was served on a plate separate from its accompanying pasta, which I thought odd. The seafood was cooked perfectly, but I felt the dish was heavy on the pasta and that the pasta was a little dry (needed more sauce?). The ravioli was good, but if you had asked us to try it blindfolded, we would never have guessed that it had meat in it. We asked the waitress about it, who explained that the meat was pureed and mixed with the cheese to make stuffing the ravioli easier. Overall, I think Spiga has a lot of potential. Our awkward start is probably just a growing pain - new restaurants are bound to have kinks in customer service. If the food had been at the next level, this would have gotten 4 stars hands down and maybe even a 5 because the ambiance is so great. I wish the owners the best of luck!
2	My wife and myself have been to Spiga three times now. First time for  a salad and pizza. I must say the pizza was quite tasty as well as the salad. We had a pizza with sausage and onion and roasted red peppers. Chewy crust and easy to fold and eat. They use fresh mozzerrella which is a plus. Second visit was nice as well, with us only having a pizza.But after sending friends there last week and getting a gloom and  doom report of bad service, cold food and not very tasty we decided to go back for another try for ourselves.We chose new years.Why  do people always say do not go out for dinner on that day? In my way of thinking a good restaurant is operating at full capacity every day so why should a date make it different?WELL First of all they did not tell us there was a limited menu. That sucked because they left off many off the foods we were going for. That said we ordered a pasta dish that had no flavor, and the braised brisket over Polenta. The brisket was tasteless and luke warm. The polenta was cold.The pizza we wanted was not on the menu last night either.!I think they have a tough road ahead unless drastic changes are made ASAP, So I would say go at your own risk and order only the pizza!!!
4	Really enjoyed. Can't wait to come back and try more. Had the Veal chop. Tasty but a little under cooked. Great 3 way caprese salad we shared.  Lisa had the salmon. Nice.  Great service and atmosphere.
5	LOVE THIS NEW PLACE! They only opened a few weeks ago and my coworkers and I have already stopped in went twice in one week. Excellent fish specials and the wood fired pizza is AMAZING! Italian style pizzas, melt in your mouth. Great hand tossed dough and delicious cheese. Very nice wine selection. Can't wait to come back and try other items! The atmosphere is very hip too...rustic contemporary style. Very clean. A must try!
4	I came here last night for dinner and we loved it! We had a few apps and the kale salad as we were grabbing a quick bite before a friends bday. We had the octopus, (it was really good!) the cured salmon (I wish this was presented differently- with a bread and cheese or something- it was flat on a plate with arugula and was our least favorite) , and we had the mussels (loved these). The kale salad was on point as well. Service was great and very friendly- only thing I would add to this place is some music? Strange to me they didn't have anything playing- but that's a quick fix all in all- we will definitely be back to try some entrees!!
5	Outstanding vibe, great food and wonderful service. Never thought a place would survive in that location, but we have a winner!
4	My husband and I were in last week.  The food was great!  We had the shrimp appetizers, cheese and meat board and arugula pizza.  They were all very good.  The service is where they loose a star, lots of amateurs servers and staff...pretty typical for AZ.  I would go back for sure as I thought the food was excellent.  If they work on the service it would be outstanding!
5	Came here for the first time last Monday with my mother and we had an great time. We sat in the bar area around 4:30 just for drinks and a snack before we decided to have dinner.I had a pink grapefruit cocktail on their menu (two thumbs up) and then we shared the calamari and shrimp app which was different and delicious!For dinner we shared the 3-way Caprese, Short Rib Ravioli and Shrimp Tagliatelle. All 3 were unique and full of flavor, but the Short Rib Rav was a MUST HAVE FOR SURE.My only 2 suggestions: 1. Wines by the glass should be cooler. The ones we ordered were wayyyyy too warm.2. I find it more pleasant to eat shrimp pasta without the tails.The experience as a whole was phenomenal and we will be back to try more things!!
