4	This place just opened up in the Bermuda Triangle that is Sahara Pavilion(sahara/decatur)Grand Opening is May 8th in the old Spirit of Cuba location. Today they had a fundraiser to benefit Caring 4 Kids Foundation from 5-8 pm. $5 donation you can get ANY & Everything you want off the menu & a drink!My son & I each got a burrito & chips/salsa-we got a barbacoa & chicken. They were huge with rice & choice of beans plus pico,guac & more. The meats were fantastic-real spicy.The service was outstanding , the place was clean & inviting with music pumped in.There are about 10 4 person tables and a few 2 person tables. Probably under 40 people seating indoors, but they have outdoor patio seating too.The only missing is a salsa bar.I'd rather go here anytime over Roberto's & Baja Fresh in this neighborhood.
5	This used to be an Uno's years ago- in the 1990's. (Yup, used to eat there with my husband, back when, we were just good friends.)  Since then, it's been numerous other restaurants, with little or no success. All the restaurants are pretty much the same decor- a little similar to Hash  House A Go Go- metal elements/industrial central to their restaurants. This one seems bigger/spacious than the one near the University, because it is long- shaped like a rectangle, rather than a square. No drive-thru window. There were three other patrons (more empty than the one near the University which is hoppin') and four people working there. Though there are other Fast-Mex restaurants in the area (El Pollo Loco and Baja Fresh- each one has different favorites), I hope that this one finds success at this historically unlucky location. Finally went here over the weekend for takeout. I bought a chicken burrito and a chicken salad for a little over $12 (regular price). I love how all the meat is naturally raised ("Food with Integrity" is part of their mission statement), at these restaurants. I also love that it is made right there in front of you (kinda like Zaba's & Q-Doba). This way, one can customize. I had the chicken (perfectly seasoned), crisp romaine greens, corn, pico de gallo, peppers and onions, and cheese- comes with chipotle-honey vinaigrette. It's so good, but doesn't need much dressing since I also had the pico- but thinking I might just get the peppers and onions because I noticed my super-oniony  (from the raw onions in the pico de gallo) taste in my mouth afterward. Most of the greens were fresh, just had one leaf that was not good. You can get beans, but I skipped them this time. My husband's stuffed chicken burrito had the white rice (no cilantro), pinto beans, cheese, and sour cream. It took him a couple attempts to finish it. I told my husband we should come here more often. This one's more convenient to us since it's just one street away.   Adult menu is basically three prices- $5.50- vegetarian, $5.85- chicken, $6.10- carnitas, barbacoa, & steak. Select Burrito, Burrito Bowl, Tacos (3), or Salad. Four different salsas to suit everyone's taste- from mild to hot. Extras & Drinks: chips, salsa, guacamole- $1.50-$2.25, Alcohol: beer and margaritas- $2.75-$3.50, Bottled drinks, & Soda (free refills). Kids menu $2.95-$3.95 quesadillas/taco/taco kit. You can order online www.chipotle.com, iPhone App, or by fax- since the menu is the same one used everywhere, no individual location's information is listed, sorry. Simple menu, made your way, great food, yummy choices, fast, fresh, quality ingredients, inexpensive, clean- this is a no-brainer for us.
3	It's the same as all the other Chipotle locations. The food is good, prices are reasonable (no Vegas upcharge!), and plenty of seating. Too bad it's a bit of a drive from the Strip, but it's nicely situated to let you get a breather from the craziness of the Vegas Strip.
4	i LOVE chipotle! very fast service especially during the lunch rush and its close to my workplace. =)
3	Sometimes the steak is rare.  Actually a lot of times the steak is rare.  I like mine more medium.  Overall the burrito or burrito bowl hit their mark.  Love the guac.
2	I get suckered to go here, never my choice but I like the food its okay but for some reason it always ends up making my tummy hurt.
2	This restaurant is clean.  The service is good and staff is friendly.  If only they served Mexican food.  Failing that, would it hurt them to serve a burger or some alternative to whatever that stuff is they sell?
4	Chipotle is my go-to for a low-cal lunch during the workday (a chicken salad with no cheese or dressing, but plenty of salsa, for anyone curious). I order online and head straight to the register when I arrive. Aside from being convenient, this allows me to avoid the giant line that forms every day around noon. The food is standard Chipotle, which I happen to like a lot. The restaurant is clean and pleasant, albeit noisy. The parking lot seems to be modeled after parking lots in the 7th circle of hell.The only gripe I have is that my online order is rarely ready when I arrive. Unless I'm 10+ minutes late, I often have to wait for my food to be prepared. But, since the online orders are put together in the back, it's still much faster than waiting in line.
4	I'm pretty picky when it comes to my food. I always get either the bowl or the burrito with plain white rice and just a tiny bit of it. So many times I get attitude from the employees or they try and put like a cup of rice which I'm sorry is just way too much. This was my first visit to this location and the lady who started my food was friendly and understood the meaning of "a tiny bit of rice" mainly because it's a burrito don't need rice in it and without it the beans soak a hole in the tortilla. I absolutely hate cilantro LOL and yea my boyfriend is Hispanic haha but yea back to the restaurant... The lady was also the cashier so she had to walk off and let the second line worker finish our food. She also understands the importance of good portions. So many times I get like a pinch of cheese like really?! But not her she put a perfect amount of cheese and sourcream on the first try! Steak was brown all the way through so it definitely was a little old which works great for me because I can't eat medium rare meat which is how they cook it. All in all great visit will definitely return!
5	Hella thick and juicy!Now Chipotle, all are the same? NO!Here the cashiers are pretty awesome, my chica stuffed the shit outta my burrito with chicken, rice, beans, hot salsa, crema, cheese, and some lettuce! THIS THING WAS SOOO BIG IT RIPPED DOWN THE MIDDLE! Now at first I was a little pissed, but then I was like "Yea!!" I basically ate half the burrito with chips, then took the rest home for dinner!Place itself is not super super busy so its nice, and its always clean! Prices have risen a little and the menu is nice bc it tells you calorie info.In addition they have tacos, bowls, and quesadillas. Go get your eat on babies!
3	For a good price and decent food, I like Chipotle, but I was not happy with the service I received.  I do not eat meat so I need my veggies and I would like a good amount of them for $8, not just a small scoop.  But first, my experience at this location was terrible.  I got there, ordered my veggie salad and there was less then half a cup of veggies left in the dish, of course they probably have been sitting there for sometime and not fresh.  The lady behind the counter asked me if it was okay just to put those on, OF COURSE NOT!  I am not here paying for old veggies, I want fresh.  So I had to wait about 10 minutes for fresh veggies to be prepared.  Then, they only put on a small scoop, umm, mam, I am only getting veggies and lettuce, please put more on.  And of course when I asked for this I was given a "I am super annoyed look" by the employee.  HOW RUDE!  After I finally got my salad, it tasted good, nothing too special, but it was good.  Customer service sucked and I  will not go back to that location!
5	Chipotle is a true treat, I rarely eat here and was telling my boyfriend as we sat and ate why do we not come here more often? Seriously I have not eaten at Chipotle for at least 7 years and that was in los angeles when they first started opening locations. I enjoyed the build my own options, Subway style with creating exactly what I want. I opted for a beef burrito, it was a hard decision as the chicken looked so juicy and good as well. I was not in the mood for beans so I selected, cilantro rice, tender juicy beef, green peppers and onions, cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole and lettuce. This burrito was fat even without the beans!The first thing that comes to mind after the first bite is FRESH! The food is not greasy, every ingredient taste fresh and of good quality!I also chose a side of guacamole and chips! Mmmmm yum I love their guacamole and fresh fried corn chips so much!We will be back! I have been missing out and will not wait as long as I did to return!Also for all of you soda and iced tea lovers it is serve yourself when you dine in for drinks so you can have all you want refills which is a bonus! I really liked their fresh brewed iced tea!Mmmmmm yummy!
5	This is my favorite Chipotle location in town! It's close to home, and the staff is very friendly.It's rarely crowded, but there have been a few times that I show up right in the middle of a killer lunch rush, and that's always a pain in the buns.I have a few favorite employees here, they always hook up my veggie burrito bowl with extra sour cream and cheese just like I ask. They even remind me to get my guacamole on the side so I can eat it with my chips. Does it get better than that? I think not!I'm here so often that the staff recognizes my boyfriend and I and has asked where our friends are on a few occasions (we rarely dine at Chipotle alone). I feel welcome, and never rushed to make decisions on my order, since sometimes I pretend I'm going to get something different, even though we all know that I'm never deviating from my veggie bowl... ever.Another plus is that this place is always clean, and they have a healthy stock of Chipotle flavored Tabasco sauce at all times!Hands down the best Chipotle in Vegas. Go here to satisfy those hunger pangs and Chipotle cravings.
5	This is one of my favorite places for lunch or dinner.  Every time I visit Las Vegas I make a stop here for the burrito.  I usually order the steak burrito with brown rice, veggies, black beans, cheese, lettuce, and salsa.  Service is fast as they make your order like a cafeteria style.  This location is not that busy so there usually isn't a line and there is a lot of free parking.  Come hungry because the burritos are huge.
5	I always go to this place when I feel fat :) so salad day today again !!!!
4	Love this place. I love that they put some bacon in the pinto beans. At first it grossed me out because I don't eat pork but wow, best pinto beans around. I usually get a high protein and veggie bowl for an on the go meal or when I feel like being bad. Been coming here for years. Will continue. 4 stars and not 5 because its the only Mexican restaurant that doesn't include chips!! They charge like 2-3 bucks which is kind of a rip off.  Otherwise very fair pricing.
5	This is the best Mexican food ever! I eat it at least once a week.Love the barbacoa bowl & tacos!!! Everything is delicious especially the guacamole with the lemony & salty tortilla chips. Very very very good!!!
5	As always - very inconsistent. However ...friendly staff - and food is usually very good.Never busy.
1	"Oh my no!"  Is what I would say if someone were to ask me if they should eat at this Chipotle.  I came here and was hugely disappointed when all the meat I tried was dry, bland, and looked old.  When I mentioned to the line staff that the meat they're offering can only be compared to expired cat food, I was given a look as though I had no right to judge.  When I asked when will the items will be thrown away and replaced with freshly cooked meat, I was told it had to be sold first.  In the long history between Chipotle and I, I have never experienced such disregard for quality.  Shame!
2	I order a steak burrito with beans and rice and I got a rice and beans burrito with a bit of steakTaste is goodService is great
3	Was looking forward to grabbing a healthy meal here after hearing about it from many people. Got a big sack of beans and rice with some chicken in my burrito. Was tough to eat it cleanly, it just kind of fell apart. Flavor was okay but not very special at all. For the price I think the value is too low for decent Mexican food. The staff at this location was very friendly and helpful so that is good.I can find no good reason to go back to Chipotle again.
1	Service was awful, line was slow and really out of order. Ordered aChicken Burrito, pretty blah if you ask me. Medium hot sauce was awful! Like sludge!!! Couldn't even eat it, plus it wasn't spicy at all it was sour?!! I'll never return to this location.
5	You can't go wrong at chipotles!!! It has something for everyone from burritos to bowls to salad to  margaritas.   This location is support convenient Right across the street from work.  It's super fast service.  Food is always omg fresh!   It is for real an orgasm  in your mouth that you crave over and over again! !!!
2	When I came here the other day, it was as If all the employees were stoned.  Haha. Seriously. They were out of chicken, steak and salsa. There were no small drink cups ready. There were no clean trays ready for in-store dining. The cashier forgot to ring me up for a drink (because there were no cups). She forgot to grab a bag of chips I had paid for. She asked me 3 times which beer I wanted. 3 times, apologizing saying she forgot. Yikes. There was only 2 people in front of me and my friend and it took us (not exaggerating) 18 minutes to get through the line and to the table.
2	I agree with a lot of the recent reviews, service is lacking at this store.  Went in on a Monday night around 8pm.  First, the brown rice was not ready ... had to wait approx. 5 mins.  Second, they were completely out of pico de gallo.  So for $7.10, my bowl looked pretty skimpy.  I've noticed the amount served varies greatly from one Chipotle store to the next.  I will be skipping this store next time.
4	I'm not a big fan of this style cuisine, but I've always heard this is the Mexican subway. I love subway so I figured I'd give this a try. It can be a bit pricey, however I always get a burrito and they feel it so full that they can barely wrap it in the tin foil and everything is always so delicious and fresh. I only took a star off because I ordered an alcoholic beverage once and it was about $8 and came in a much tinier glass than I expected. That has been my only complaint.
4	This has to be one of the busiest Chipotles in the whole world! Unless you have 20+ minutes to wait, avoid this palce during the lunch rush. It is usually safe to visit after 2pm. The staff is very friendly/quick and the food is always fresh.
5	Very good food. I was told by a coworker to try their steak burrito and was surprisded how much I enjoyed it.The line was long but it was well worth it.
3	Food is good and so is the customer service. You really can't go wrong with a simple menu. The meat could have a little more flavor and would go a long way if the tortillas were freshly made. The location is hard to get to depending on if you're coming from Sahara or Decatur. Definitely good enough for lunch!
4	Super nice and helpful. Delicious too. Standard chipotle, nothing special compared to the others, except the workers tend to be a little nicer. But chipotle in general is delicious so 4 stars.
2	The food tastes good but for $6.10 you'd think they'd give you more than half a spoon of rice and half a spoon of beans. It's just rice and beans, people.
2	I eat 3-4 times a week at Chipotle, so not new to Chipotle. But at this location, the staff are very inconsistent with the quantity of meat/chicken, I have had times when i barely got 2-3 oz of meat in my bowl/burrito. Went there today and i had half a spoon of chicken in my bowl. If only they would not be so stingy about meat/chicken, i would have no complaints about this place. Please get your staff to read the quantity to be served from the Chipotle website and help them understand it (if they can).For now, might just skip this location and go to the one on Maryland.
2	I stopped in the other day for the first time in a long time. The music was so loud they couldn't hear people's orders, and it sounded like cats being killed in a bordello. The first person in the food making line started my burrito. Then it sat there getting cold until the second person could get to it. They built it and passed it to the wrapper. I understand being new at a job, but it was leaking from every side! They asked if it was ok to use to tortillas to wrap it, it wasn't but it wasn't going to be able to even lift it so I said yes. Taste was ok except all the gristle, I don't remember that as a problem with the chicken before.I ate outside where it was quiet except for the beggars and hookers.  :/
