5	What a great addition to the area. The Sushi Room has always been in my top choices when it comes to sushi and the addition of the Teppanyaki tables and the rebranding were a great upgrade.The bbq short ribs were pretty good and the teppan was also really good. And fair prices which is always a plus. I had the filet and it was well executed. The soup and salad were also excellent. Friendly chef, professional staff, all in all a great experience.The fried rice was above average.My only suggestion is the music selection. I mean at 6 pm still a family time and listening Madonna's "I touch myself" is not what I appreciate when I go out with my kid. (at least the volume wasn't that loud and the lyrics got lost).Just a disclaimer. Although there's room for improvement, being the first week as a teppan it really deserves the 5 stars and I'm sure in a couple of months they'll tune everything up to have a solid concept.I'll be back for sure.Cheers
5	Just came back from eating here and I can honestly say that the rainbow roll was one of the best I ever had.  The service was very good as well.  This place is situated in a nice location where you can have your pick of a few nice restaurants.  Rock Lobster (fka The Sushi Room) is one of them.  Bf was with me and had the salmon.  By the look of his clean plate, he must have liked it.  Bf then ordered the chocolate lava cake, and although very rich tasting, bf didn't feel too heavy afterwards -- a definite plus for him and me!!:)
1	Changing one's name does not change the fact that the establishment still exists. I've experienced the WORST service with "The Sushi Room" now Rock Lobster. I purchased a Groupon a few months back to eat sushi with my daughter and that is where the horrible service saga began.Making reservations is an absolute joke! When I first purchased the Groupon, we made the reservation as required in the fine print. We arrived 15 mins early and sat outside. 15 mins later our drink orders were taken. Another 10, the drinks arrive and we order. We sat outside for 45 mins with NO food and no real service. The restaurant was NOT crowded! When I requested to cancel the order and pay for the drink I drank, I was told my food was almost ready. Not quite, I'm leaving! We were offered the food for free, but by this time I was quite upset because I was hungry and irritated. Stuck with the Groupon, I was forced to use it before it expired. Thanks for nothing Chase Bank!Today, I had my mother call and make a reservation for 5:30 pm and she was told they only had a 5:45 pm open. Upon arrival at 5:35 pm we were told that we had no reservation. Hmmm. Really?! Why is this the same girl who provided no service the last visit? And why does the sign on the wall state that Teppan ressy's start at 5 pm? Could the night get any worse? Hmmm, let's see:- With the addition of the Teppan, the waitress should ask whether or not a guest wants a regular or Teppan seat. Don't automatically walk me to a tray table (too small for 2 people). I made a reservation for the Teppan table that apparently NEVER made it to the book- You have happy hour, but I could only get HH drinks at the Teppanyaki table. Suggestion: Make a special "Teppan HH Menu". This might serve your business well- No real Vodka or decent beer options; at least not for me. Absolute Vodka and Bud Light are low budget. Step up your game- While it is restaurant week, I had to request the RW menu. No bueno- We were told we could sit anywhere at the Teppan table however, should more people arrive we'd have to move down. Great! Right when my a$$ has warmed the seat. Though Benihana's has gone downhill, this place could learn something. Seat people correctly the first time. I'M NOT GETTING UP ONCE I'M COMFORTABLE!NOTE: I actually saw her ask a family with a disabled child to move once others arrived. Rude and unprofessional. The family was there first and shouldn't have been asked to move. If anything, the incoming family of six should've been sat at the Teppan table in the back.- The waitress barely came to inquire if we were ok or if we needed anything. And being the nice person I am, still left a tip. Shame on me.- And last but not least, when I showed her the Groupon she went to touch my phone. (Excuse me! You're in my personal space and attempting to touch my personal property! No bueno!) I will mark the Groupon as redeemed. Don't ever touch a customer's phone. BUYER BEWARE! NEW NAME SAME OWNERS (APPARENTLY) AND SAME WAITRESSES, WHICH IS HARD TO TELL WITHOUT THE CHANGE IN SERVER ATTIRE (FROM BOOTY SHORTS TO BLACK PANTS AND A BLACK UNIFORM T-SHIRT)....THE ONLY THING THIS PLACE DID RIGHT. NEVER AGAIN!
5	Love the makeover! Restaurant is extremely clean, decor is well executed, and staff is not only fun and friendly but also professional (which is hard to find). Teppan chefs are hilarious and I most certainly award the "dinnertainment" with five stars. I tired the fillet and scallop combo and it was top notch.
5	Incredible food and service. The happy hour specials are so worth it. The sushi was fresh. The presentation was amazing. Service was prompt and friendly. All around a great experience for us. The flavors were very good and when we had questions about certain fish they brought out a sample for us to try. We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere and would highly recommend this place to anyone in the Chandler area.
5	First time here after getting up and leaving the table without ordering at Hon Machi Sushi (that review later). The Sushi Room is now Rock Lobster, same restaurant, new name. We went on Sunday, which happened to be Happy Hour. It included rolls, drinks, appetizers. Presentation of sushi rolls was excellent, food was fantastic, and service was great. Atmosphere was very nice! I will be coming back!
1	Me giving one star is gracious. My roommate and I went here tonight. I have been to this restaurant when it was just the sushi room and loved it! However tonight was different. I made a reservation for 630, the hostess asked us to sit at the bar while they prepared the table,and then sat 12 other people at the table before she remembered the two of us. When we sat down we ordered, the waitress took forever to bring the soup which was Luke warm at best and tasted like soapy dish water. The salad didn't come until the chef started making our food. This was good. But as everyone was receiving their fried rice and steamed rice,my roommate and I noticed we had not gotten our steamed rice. We had to ask another waiter for rice.I had new York steak and shrimp. My roomie had chicken and filet mignon. My steak was over cooked I asked for medium rare. Her chicken as well was over cooked. Neither were seasoned barely at all. The shrimp was good tho. Unfortunately after I saw the owner ask a table full of people who were done eating and chatting if they could please move because while they appreciate their business there were people waiting. I knew my complaints would be irrelevant.Needless to say I'm disappointed in the food, the service, all of it. And will never go back for tempanyaki. They have alot of kinks to work out.
1	Yuck! Specialty rolls were definitely nothing special. Tasted like a packaged California roll you buy in a grocery store. The $9 short ribs were cold and super salty. When I told the waiter all he said was "sorry" and walked off. Maybe the Teppanyaki is better but if you want sushi or hand rolls drive east 10 minutes to Otaku!
5	I enjoyed the Sushi Room but love the new make over to Rock Lobster with Teppan tables.  Tried the Teppan menu and love the fried rice and balance of seasoning with fresh shrimp and chicken.  Of course, the sushi rolls are still a personal favorite.  My recent happy hour was fantastic now that the weather has cooled and the patio is an option again.  The staff is friendly as ever and the music play lists include many of my favorites.  Check it out!
5	Excellent service and delicious rolls! Haven't done the Teppanyaki yet but it looks and smells amazing...I may have to sneak a sit at the Tepp table on way out! Highly recommend!
3	Story is always the same here.. Great atsmosphere , great food but the service as always super slow.. Employees are super cool
5	Cuisine for both meals was very amazing. Turn around time was exceptional. Presentation was fabulous. Wait time was only a few minutes. Over all a very solid experience and we will be back.
5	Upon further review the call is overturned to 5 stars! Thanks guy's! Like I said great atmosphere, great food , really cool employees..
4	Went here last night. They have a deal, if you make a reservation for 5:00 all the teppanyaki meals are half price (YES ALL OF THEM!!!) So of course I got the $48 combination. It starts out with a soup (not miso) so if you're expecting it, don't.(they do have miso which I would order instead).  They you get a nice chilled salad with ginger dressing. You can order they fried rice for extra or get the white rice So now the main course. Appatizer shrimp, large lobster tail, filet mignon, scallops and mixed veggies. It was amazing. All for $24. I can't believe it. I know your asking yourself, how is the quality.... great!!!I would deffinetly be back. What a Dimond in the rough. Check it out.
3	FYI...kids no longer eat free on Sunday.  They said it was "getting out of control". LOL.
2	We had been craving Teppanyaki and wanted to check this place out so we went for their power hour. They have two griddles in the center of the restaurant when you first walk in, but they were only going to be having one 'show' that night. They decided they could squeeze us in and sat us in front of the griddle that was not going to be used. ) The whole table had 22 seats, and all but 5 were occupied so it was disappointing that they didn't have both griddles going. It also made the dinner service extra slow since one guy was cooking so much. I am allergic to shrimp, and usually the places we go to are willing to do the shrimp last or at least off to the side. ( I only ever get the veggies and tofu and its usually done well before anything else.) This place was not accommodating though-- which is fine since they were so busy-- so I just popped some benadryl and assumed that they would at least keep the stuff separate. The chef happened to put the shrimp directly touching the tofu I had ordered, which was a little annoying, there wasn't a shortage of space on the griddle at all as he hadn't started any of the other meats until after dishing out the veggies. Luckily the tofu was the worst tofu I have ever tried so i didn't even want to eat it.  It was extremely soggy and very very sugary.  My boyfriend spit out the bite that he tried as well. He had ordered the chicken and Filet for his entree, the chicken was doused in the same nasty sugar sauce that was on the tofu. The filet was very tender  though and between the two of us we did eat the whole portion of that. The fried rice was also good, but didn't taste anything like normal fried rice, we couldn't figure out what the taste was. The mushroom soup was okay, each bowl only had 2 impressively thin slices of mushroom in them. The prices were fair with it being their power hour ( meaning half off all teppanyaki entrees) So is wasn't such a big deal that the food wasn't good and the portions were so small.Also, they do not have a sign saying 'rock lobster' from the street. We drove by the place twice before just driving into the complex to see if we could find it. They do have a sign, it is just facing the parking area and a dirt lot. We will not be returning.
5	Just love this place! The sushi is the best in the east valley and NOW they have teppan tables. The chef Hieu can really entertain both young and well....mature! Good is consistent and delish!
4	Ate here during their "Power Hour" which is at 5pm (and 8pm) for 1/2 price Teppanyaki. For our first time trying this place out I was pretty impressed.  The service was very attentive with refills and taking our orders.  Timing was great on appetizers and food (with the exception that our salad and soup practically came out at the same time, but no big deal).  The Teppanyaki Chef was funny and very personable.   What I liked about this place was the sushi was delicious and the food wasn't over salted or over-buttered.  Certainly as good as Benihana, if not better.  Worth the price (even if you're paying full price).  We will come back.
5	I had visited Rock Lobster when it was named the Sushi Room--I'm happy to say it is just as good as I remembered, actually better than I remember! They've added teppanyaki tables so we decided to give it a shot. The chef was amazing, the food was fantastic, the fried rice was delicious (it tasted fresh and smelled as good as it taste.) An added plus was that we were sat near a couple of friendly people that we made friends with.  Will definitely be back.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Chandler. The service is great, the servers are super friendly, and the food is AMAZING. I've been there quite a few times and have tried a lot of their menu. The teppanyaki is delicious! I highly suggest the shrimp, scallops and the fried rice....everything was seasoned to perfection. Their sushi is among the best I've had in AZ. My favorite is the KIG roll. I will definitely be returning to Rock Lobster.
3	Sushi is very fresh. I have been here several times for lunch and also dinner when it was the Sushi Room. If you get to sit at the bar you get great service.However sit outside on a nice day and you're lucky if you get water.They have now added a teppan table which may bring a more clientele not just into sushi.Service needs to get better the girls are cute, just not servers.
3	So I've been to this place a few times when it was called the Sushi Room. The first time I came everything was amazing. They had a lot of specialty rolls that I really enjoyed and we even ordered this fish bowl drink that was to die for! I bought a groupon for sushi room a few months ago so my friend and I decided to take advantage. Well we couldn't use our groupon since it was happy hour and their entire menu had changed. The waitress had no idea what I was talking about when I asked about the sushi or drinks I had. So I came back again a few weeks ago to try to use the groupon again during a weekday. And what happened? We got there at 8:45 and they close at 9. Um what!?So I finally returned again for the third time to use my groupon since it was expiring...I ordered the Montpellier Pinot noir wine. For sushi we ordered the Kig, philly roll and the salmon nigiri. The service was extremely slow. We got our food before our drinks. And they didn't get our salmon roll correct.  We were there during the week and didn't even leave until around 9:30 and it was still quite busy. Yet last time I showed up at 8:45 we got shooed away. The sushi was mediocre but I won't be back after so many failed attempts.
5	Great changes! You can still get the same delicious sushi but now you have the option to indulge in teppan too! The prices are still reasonable and the service is still friendly, accurate, and accomodating!
5	I've eaten at many restaurants with teppanyaki tables but this was outstanding!  The quality and ingredients are top notch and cooked to perfection. I would highly recommend giving this a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Delicious!  Edemame, chicken rolls, Poppin roll, sunshine roll and california roll.  Beautifully made, service was excellent.
4	Very nice and cozy seating. Excellent weekday lunch specials. Had the Rock Lobster Burger made with Wagyu beef. One of the best burgers I have had. Full of favor and not greasy. My wife had the Sashimi Lunch 1 with 3 pieces each of Yellowtail, Salmon, Tuna. All good and fresh. We definitely coming back here.
5	Yum-my!!  Our server was great-recommended things he thought WE would like, not just stuff they were pushing - I listened to him!!  Highly recommend!!
4	The Poppin rolls were AWESOME! This place is way better than The Sushi Room, I think it is re-invented, but, they did it....so much better.  I highly recommend.
5	I went here on my birthday and enjoyed an amazing meal!  Sada is amazing and see they are updating everything!  What a beautiful restaurant and a great staff!
4	Stunning skies still visible from the inside, the open patio warm and inviting as well; this restaurant has a unique feel and layout that is clearly an interior designers dream. The bonbori float at different heights making this sing traditional Japanese. You are greeted with a tempanyaki style grill right as you enter so that the sizzle and aromatic food assaults you. The rice is served simply, almost classicly. I had diced kallimari steaks which is a first for me. I usually have had everything. Offering a juicy novel style of squid that was not crunchy, chewing or classic people's opinion on squid. This was perfectly prepared. The sauces served with it vary in flavour giving a great lunch deal. I also enjoyed the veggies that were perfectly seared while even ny lady could not resist the caramelized onions next to it and she is not a big onion person. The hostess was knowledgeable enough to know her fish without having to look at the menu which is usually frustrating at other places. This place is making a great first impression. I hope to come back and enjoy the same elegance and flair.
5	Great food and service! Sunday all day happy hour is a deal you can't beat!! Love the creative rolls and the lychito is fantastic!
5	Food was amazing, we will be back! The chef did a fabulous job with preparing our food!
5	Let me start out by saying if you haven't been here before boy oh boy are you missing out. Looking for afordable sushi, fresh sushi and a variety than this place is a must. Poppin roll is out a this world. Half price teppan at 5 and 8pm everyday you will not be disappointed. Awesome and attentive staff too. Big shout out to BRETT aka super waiter went above and beyond!! Made our dining experience just fabulous!!! my go to sushi place!
4	Pleasantly surprised with this place! The vine/decor and service were great. My husband and I went on a Sunday for lunch (which happened to be happy hour all day!!) and got chicken eggrolls, 3 sushi rolls, and a sapporo for $22....and it was fresh and delicious. We will be back!
4	Excellent lunch with three others, today. Very good chicken katsu... very crisp, not at all oily, moist chicken breast. The sushi lunch #1 had good sized portions of shrimp, tuna, and salmon nigiri, with an excellent California roll. The chicken teriyaki had moist grilled chicken in a tangy teriyaki sauce. The mochi with green tea ice cream (green tea ice cream in a mochi ball) was a hit, too!Very quick and professional service on a quiet lunch hour. Recommended!
