4	Looking for a bite, or to pick from the vast selection of very tasty smoothies, or a good coffee to start a day, this is your place. The staff is so relaxed and unobtrusive ... And food is descent as well.
5	For me, getting five fruit and veg a day is near impossible. However, this may be about to change, as I have now discovered Hula, and the smoothies hear are great. A huge range of fruit (and some very odd 'alternatives') smoothies and juice drinks is well priced, and freshly made in front of you. If however, a super berry smoothies isnt your thing, Hula does coffes and teas as well, with snack food at a reasonable price.One of three local stores, the grass market Hula has a performance area for local musicians, so the atmposhpere is very relaxed and chilled out.A great little find, and I will be coming here more often than I go to the shops for carrots and brocolli.
4	I'm not a huge smoothie fan, but I popped in here and was quite happy. Hula is a smallish cafe just off the Grassmarket, and is loosely themed on Hawaii. I saw loosely because the decor consisted of a few hula skirts. They offer a range of smoothies and will even add anti oxidants or energy boosts to your chosen drink. I had a Betty Ford smoothie, which I think was banana, peach and I'm going to say strawberry. See that is why I'm not a huge smoothie fan, because they all taste the same no matter what you put in them. After I ordered I noticed Tiffin Milkshake was the special of the day and was gutted I hadn't gone for that. The nice girl made the smoothie in front of me while multi tasking by serving the people seated as well. Hula also do sandwiches and soup so great for a quick lunch. Not too overpriced either considering it is in tourist territory.
4	What's that? Somewhere in the Grassmarket that doesn't sell cheap vodka or deep fried haggis? Surely not...That was my reaction when I first heard about Hula, but it turned out that my friend wasn't lying at all. In fact, not only is it a smoothie bar, it's a fantastic smoothie bar. They have all sorts of weird and wonderful fruits for you to choose from, and if you don't fancy any of their suggested combinations from the board then they'll happily knock together your own concoction.If you're feeling really healthy, you can get a spot of lunch here too, as they do bagels and wraps.It's really good value for money, it's tasty, fresh and the staff are always nice and friendly. You can't ask for much more than that.
5	Feeling a little parched and devoid of vitamins I thought I'd rely on Hula to perk me up with their fruity offerings.  True to form they supplied me with a flavour packed glass of what they call 'Sunshine in a cup'. Its potent mango, orange and passion fruit mix complimented by some smooth and creamy yoghurt perked me up good and proper.It seems every man and his dog offers smoothies these days without actually doing the product any service, Hula on the other hand know exactly how to make them and damn they're good. Inexpensive too.Also, the staff are warm and inviting, seemingly taking pride in making your face beam with a sip of their goodness packed delights.
4	Yum, got to love a good smoothie. Whoever got the idea, however long ago, to blend fruit and other dairy products together to make an amazing taste concoction and in the process make being healthy appeal to everyone...well, they're clearly pretty awesome. I don't know how anyone can say they don't like fruit, when the magic of a blender can sort you out with any combination of edible items you like in a tasty juicetastic form. Hula does in fact feel a bit Hawaiian, or like a cafe you'd go to abroad at any rate, and it has a really cool vibe to it, with equally cool and banterful staff. If you want a really good choice of smoothies, then this is your place, plus they serve decent food if you're peckish.
4	Amazing location, great vibe, delicious food, frighteningly good coffee and the cakes? THE CAKES. They looked fantastic.Keen for a quick snack stop to reclaim some energy after walking round the city all day, we found this on the Yelp app and waded right in. Felt right at home here - the warm and friendly atmosphere and the eclectic music playlist. I had me a delicious smoothie and asked the waitress to throw in some booster shots. It sorted me right out and finally kicked the hangover into touch too. Bonus.It's right central too - but not swarmed by other tourists. Worth finding!
4	What a delightful little place Hula is. In the midst of the festive season, feeling like I wanted coffee, cake but also some vitamins Hula hit the spot perfectly.At the bottom of the Grassmarket, it might be easy to walk by, as from the outside it doesn't look particularly fancy (especially with the posh nosh places up the top, and the whole pig-inna-window at Oink!) Inside it's cute, quirky but again not overstated or with any particular 'stamp' of personality. But the staff were all really friendly and down to earth, which I liked a lot.My cappucino was delicious, very well made, and the millionaire shortbread to accompany it was perfect. The glass of OJ afterwards cleansed my palate perfectly for some more Christmas fare later that night. They had some delicious looking smoothies chalked up on the wall which I'll definitely be back to try.Hula isn't trying to rival the big chain brands, nor is it trying to be a Deli serving Orange and Polenta cream cheese cake (don't get me wrong, I like this). Instead, it has a traditional british feel about it with the cakes and sandwiches on offer, but is just a bit more special than the standard fare and the smoothies really do look a treat. If I worked or lived nearby this would definitely a regular, local for lunch or afternoon coffee.
4	Really friendly! great and healthy snacks! try the nutty professor banna and peanut butter milkshake (with frozen yoghurt rather than ice cream so a bit healthier!)
5	Fantastic place with fantastic staff!!Combination of fresh and frozen fruit chosen to best suit the smmothie makle this one heck of a place. Amazing taste and produce these guys really exel healthy treats.If you are a fan of hummous try theirs its top notch, staff are very helpful and will even consult with you on what smoothie you will enjoy based on your tasteBrilliant wee place means Jd = happy man!!
5	Wow hold up and hold the phone. I just realised my review of Hula was written 6 months ago after only one visit in which only coffee was drunk. Since then I have returned many many times for breakfast, lunch, smoothies, and booster shots and feel it definitely deserves an update!Hula's signature 'Sunshine in a Cup' really does sum this place up wonderfully. At the bottom of Victoria Street in the Grassmarket, this lovely little space is a real suntrap. Every time I've been, whether it was April or June, and despite the ridiculous 'summer' we're experiencing in Edinburgh right now, Hula was filled with sunlight streaming through the windows. Paricularly delightful in the morning. It's got a great chilled out, friendly atmosphere, comfy bench seats and plenty tables. There's also rotating art work on the walls, always something new to look at. And Susan, the owner, has a cabinet of fabulous, fabulous shoes for sale that I always eye up over my latte then distract myself with a muffin... It definitely has personality!And as for the smoothies themselves? Oh my. I've sampled quite a few now, and watched the smoothie-crafting skills of the Hula girls. These ladies really know their fruit, chocolate and other magical ingredients. Yes, some smoothies contain dark chocolate, some even contain millionare shortbread. But generally when one wants a smoothie they're looking for a wee health kick. And look no further. My favourite is definitely still 'Sunshine in a Cup' but there are so many different combinations.The health boosters are brilliant too. I was in one morning looking very poorly and was given an extra special blend with added echinacae. After 4 days of flu-y cold, the next day it was gone! Medicine of the gods I tell ye.The porridge with berry compote is perfect on a cold winter's day. The bagels are very generously sized and mine came packed with bacon. The mint tea is made with REAL MINT LEAVES (this is always a huge plus for me). The crockery is mismatched tea pots and cups which I adore. The coffee is caffeine-fuelled goodness, supplied by Artisan Roast (favourite) and I know they take their barrista skills seriously. The coconut latte, made with coconut milk rather than syrup, is also something that's worth trying.In my slightly incoherent ramblings, I think I have managed to sum up my general love for Hula as a perfect morning breakfast spot, or lunchtime lounger, or anytime fruity funtime place to go. There's a great vibe, awesome tunes on, great art work and shoes to admire, delicious food and really exceptional smoothies that are bound to have you hop, skip and jumping out the door and down the Grassmarket afterwards.
4	A wee bit surprised about this place. Passed a coupe of times and never thought to look in. Perhaps because it's so close to the Grassmarket I presumed it would be pretty standard fare. Bagels good and the fresh fruit and granola looked amazing.  Only downside was a member of staff told me I couldn't pay at the counter and directed me back to my table where I had to wait for her to bring me my bill and then my change. Very odd. Good all the same.
4	Misty rain this a.m. in Old Town and thus I was in search of warm comfort food but should I go for full Scottish breakfast that sounded either one step above or below Denny's in U.S. or little place down the street; since the former is a bar whose server is not to be found, to Hula I went. I ask the server at 9:30 a.m. if it was too early to get soup and she says, "It's never too early for soup!" My kind of place. I ordered a chicken corn chowder which seems to have pureed potatoes as part of the soup base and comes with great thick slices of crusty grain bread and butter. Yummy and just the thing to warm up with.Later in the day, I returned for a large Orange & mango smoothies w/ energy boost. This too was good. The business has a great vibe with locals, international visitors speaking multiple languages, friendly staff, good eats, and wifi. This was another place I was lucky to stumble upon that I remembered reading about in Yelper Jenny L's reviews.  Well worth checking out.
4	Lovely for both sitting in and taking away, the Hula Juice Bar is a little ray of sunshine. It offers a lovely array of soups, to go with its range of signature smoothies.Overall, we said: "It's always such a delight to see people enjoying what they're doing at the same time as producing things to a high quality. We'll be back to try more soups and wraps from their range, soon."
4	'Sunshine a cup'   That's their signature smoothie but that also sums up the place very well.Best cup of coffee in town.  I do not know how they do it, but it makes you feel amazing!  The smoothies are fantastic, whether you need a healthy boost or are looking for a hangover cure!The food and the cakes are very good.  I strongly recommend the haggis soup.  Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options too.Susan and her girls are lovely, and there is free wifi.  Oh and a great location too!  Really, what's not to like?
4	Aloha....... second visit to Hula Juice Bar this lovely Birthday Morning.I stopped by this place months ago on a trip through to Edinburgh to try and sort out a flat. After viewing a few, less than exciting places in Haymarket I wandered back into town and immediately headed right in this welcoming little cafe. Smoothies, yum, Bagels, yes please!! It was lovely the first time round although I did not hang around too much.Today I met up with Jenny for a nice leisurely breckie. What could be better for you than a lovely smoothie jam-packed with fruits. How very healthy of me. Great thing is that we both wanted something a little different from the menu, I wanted cheddar instead of brie with my bacon croissant and Jenny prefers her porridge made with water and not milk. Not a problem.Bonus of going with someone who is clearly a regular - we got to try a new juice the owner is mixing up at the mo. Beetroot, apple, lime/lemon, and ginger. It would have been very nice except me and ginger try to avoid each other, he always leaves a nasty taste in my mouth. Overall a great little place tucked away down in the Grassmarket. Although I do find myself drooling over the selection of shoes as well as the food!!!
3	I like this place.That is, I like the vibe of it. The only problem? Glad you asked. I'm Dutch. I am tall and I've got long legs, nope, I'm not trying to sell myself here. But I felt very uncomfortable sitting on their furniture, now admittedly, I'm very strangely proportioned, I've got a tiny rump in comparison to my body and as such, I don't fit underneath most tables, at all, wherever I go. However, some of the wooden chairs at Hula are a bit more uncomfortable for me than most.But hey, the food's good, the drinks are a wee bit pricy, but fresh fruit blended drinks usually are (and these are fresh!), and they taste absolutely great. But man, I'd love to sit in here, and be a bit more comfortable. I get it though, it's not a very big space and large comfy couches wouldn't fit without severly reducing the occupancy and thus depriving people of their awesomeness.Either way, I'd say go try the place out, you probably won't have the same problems that I have. And I know you'll feel much healthier after leaving this place!
5	Hula smoothies are as addictive as crack...FACT. The good news is that they are a million times healthier for you than a class A drug. When I need a little pick me up there is nothing better than a Hula Blue Hawaiian smoothie. I've even gone out of my way to go and get one from their cafe in the Grassmarket, they're that good! (Usually its gulped greedily down at such a speed that head freeze is a forgone conclusion...patience is not my forte.)But Hula don't just serve fabulous healthy smoothies, they do amazing food too. The soup and a sandwich deal is brilliant value so I usually have a chicken pesto bagel and soup when I drop in for food. But what I love most of all is how friendly and accommodating the place is. There's a great, almost bohemian, vibe to the place and a warm glow that seems to tempt you in from the cold during the winter months. I have a food intolerance so I have to make some changes to my food and drinks orders, but this is never a hassle with the staff and they'll even go out of their way to suggest alternatives that wont make me ill. Roll on the summer months, I'm dying to sit outside on a table in the sunshine enjoying my smoothie.
4	Have not seen the refurbished bar yet, but I must say their smoothies and coffees helped me recover from a very heavy hangover. And just for that, it deserves quite a few stars.Very nice staff and owner indeed.Could not use the wifi on that day, though...
4	I've come here a couple times to meet Miss Jenny L, and have really enjoyed being at Hula both times! The staff here are so very welcoming, and are very nice about altering orders. I had come here once before and ordered a cinnamon latte. When I returned for my second visit, they didn't seem to have it on the menu. But when I asked about it, they were more than happy to make me one! Delicious..They have just undergone renovations, and it looks great! A lot more Hawaiian/hula themed, and just as cosy as before! The soups of the day are fantastic and I would highly recommend them. I've noticed that the ingredients they use seem very fresh. Definitely my lunch/coffee place of choice when hanging about the grassmarket!
5	Hula Juice Bar is THE coffee house for the social media crowd. There is free wifi for you to while away the hours as you enjoy the brilliant selection of smoothies (my personal favourite is the Whirling Dervish with an energy shot), coffees courtesy of Artisan Roast and the most amazing selection of cakes. The ethos in Hula is definitely around making the customer feel important and you always feel the personal touch, even when it is incredibly busy which it usually is for most of the day. The new refurb has made the space a lot more open and the extra large windows give a great view of the passing crowds in the Grassmarket and Victoria Street.I can't recommend Hula highly enough, if you are in that part of town, go in and try for yourself.
5	I feel like I have just been slapped in the face with my five a day. I popped in to check out the newly refurbished Hula Juice bar today with a friend of mine. It looks great - still quirky and cosy but a bit more modern in its stylings. I had a whirling Dervish which was a delight of tangy flavour. My friend had a Ginger something or other which was pretty good I think - well she didn't let me have any so I assume that it was good! Anyway this was about my dozenth or more visit to hula and I felt it was time to review it. So although today I only had a smoothie - in the past I've had soups, sandwiches, bagels, cakes and other exciting things!  So the five stars is not just for today but for the whole Hulaexperience. That doesn't really work as one word....hulexperience.... experihula....,,,,,,,,
4	After discovering Hula at the Yelp Spring Spectacular, I had a date in my diary for a visit. I tried the Popeye smoothie at the Yelp event, and never being one to drink my veggies, I was an instant convert and so my trip to Hula was for the full size version. It was lovely (I swear I had healthy glowing skin afterwards) and also had a roasted vegetable sandwich on brown gf. This probably would have been enough on its own, but having been lured there by the promise of popeye juice and gluten free cake, then cake was to be consumed. Hula appears to be an outlet for ILovePureCakes and as I had tried the honey bee pollen cake at the Yelp event, this time I went for the Bakewell Tart. It was am-az-ing! Lovely and moist (some GF cakes can be dry and overly crumbly), I resisted the temptation to order more and it was great to be somewhere that offered more than generic biscuits or brownies.The location is great and it is such a lovely colourful little place - I loved it and will return.(Only one little irk for me - charging for GF bread :-(A token charge perhaps but still to see it appear on the bill is annoying as my little local place doesn't charge for it and it is an independent cafe too.)
4	Hula is kind of like ... a hug. I know lots of people love it, but I really didn't expect a  juice bar to make me feel so cosy and friendly and happy! I had a Pink Lady which is apple, lemon, ginger and ... something. Can't remember, but it was delicious. And orange. Okay, pinky-orange. There's lots more seating inside than I imagined, free wifi, the friendliest staff, and I got a 10 percent Yelp discount! The only downside, and it's maybe a silly one, is that I'd like my drink in a glass when sitting in, rather than a takeaway tumbler. That just would feel nicer, I think. But it's only a little thing, and I'll definitely be back for another juice hug.
5	Hula is:"Somewhere over the rainbow, way up highThere's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blueAnd the dreams that you dare to dream,Really do come true."This is what Hula juice does to me, it makes me break into song... *queue howling dogs in the distance* ... moving to Edi from Australia, I was disappointed with the fact there were no cool juice bars, and I also really struggled to find a funky wee cafe that made quality food, played good tunes & with service to boot... can you appreciate my excitement when on Australia day Hula Juice Bar made a special "Shiraz soup" for their antipodean fans, encouraging me to drive 1/2 way across town to sample... I can't recommend this wee spot highly enough, I now regularly drive from across town to get my Hula fix & Hula is my 1st stop when I have friends visiting Edinburgh as location-wise, it simply does not get better than this (my FAVOURITE street in Edi!)... to top it off for me, no matter what the weather is like in Scotland, Hula always have the sunshine turned on! Whether you are visiting Edinburgh for the 1st time, or a resident looking for a fresh place to try out ... get yourself down there! Sunshine in a cup guaranteed!
4	Second time in - first since the redesign- and didn't disappoint food-wise.  Smoked salmon bagel and the granola, yogurt and banana really good.  The fresh juice was nice - I went for a carrot, orange and ginger combo- though I'm not a fan of lots of sediment in my juices so took a bit of dental sieving to finish it off.  I really need to toughen up!!     Obviously Hula is as popular as ever, mobbed today (bank holiday Monday) and perhaps the only real downside was I felt the staff were running to stand still.  My juice arrived after I'd finished my bagel and my partner's coffee midway through her breakfast.  Staff were very apologetic about the wait and you could tell this wasn't the norm.  Looking forward to my next visit - this really is an oasis in an otherwise fairly arid Cafe landscape.
5	It was the lovely Kelly F who coined the phrase a #HulaCombo and it's one that has stuck. I goto Hula, a lot. There's probably a Jenny-shaped grove in several of the seats. And I have my own wee HulaCombo: a cajun chicken salad (the wrap without the wrap) and a Sunshine in a Cup smoothie. In case you ever would like to treat the lovely Miss F, hers is a Blue Hawaiian with a Pesto Chicken Bagel.But today, today I discovered a new #HulaCombo. The problem with a winning combination is it means you sometimes never stray from it - always have 'the usual'. Today the spicy tuna wrap caught my eye. I asked for it without the rice, and as always in Hula this wee tweak to a standard menu which *could* have been a nuisance, wasn't a problem. So the Spicy Tuna Wrap loaded with tuna, fresh peppers and guacamole, and a Ginger Jack Juice with a Detox Booster.Oh my. Oh yes. Oh my. I am now so torn. Which Hula Combo is now my usual?! It's not even a case of Hula Combo #1 and Hula Combo #2. They are both equally good. But I suppose this means I now have twice as many reasons to come.The wraps are big, packed full of ingredients - no skimping or cutting corners here. And I actually commented to Kelly about how the tuna was perfect. Not too much mayo, not too little. Like I said, loaded with fresh peppers too, and that guac. Oh nom nom.Three hours later and I'm still absolutely stuffed, with my immune system topped up, I can probably see better in the dark after all the carrot juice, and as happy as ever I've been.This is probably my bazillionth update of Hula, but it's only fair seen as it's one of my most frequented businesses in Edinburgh - which in itself is testament to how much I enjoy it. It never disappoints, corners are never cut, the sandwiches, wraps, smoothies, juices, cakes are always so fresh and it really is Edinburgh's own little constant ray of sunshine.It has made my day to have a new Hula Combo!
4	Hoorah! Ok, yes, lame wordpun, I'm Dutch, go with it.So, after a long absence I went by Hula again for a proper juice and lo-and-behold: they have changed the chairs and benches to fit people of my legginess! Ooooh. I am a very, very happy camper indeed.I had the soup and my girl-date had the bagel with added bacon, nom, and the Pink Lady Juice. It was absolutely hilarious to see her geek out over such delicious flavours, as she had never been to Hula before. I think the terms "Seventh Heaven" and "Organic Squee" were mentioned. I'm pretty sure that Hula has a new regular customer!My soup was lovely, and my Dutch sensibilities were sufficiently freaked out by eating soup out of a bowl on a slope (this is scary to me, my country is flat) to not notice the somewhat less comfy seating outside on the terrace.I love this place, and what they stand for. The healthiness of it, the organic nature. I love it. What's not to love? I'll clearly be back again.If I'd have to suggest something, it'd be that the waiting staff, though lovely, needs some organisation. There was no menu for us to order at the counter, and the waiting staff seemed incredibly frazzled running all over the place, but it was a Saturday, and that might have been why. Either way, they're friendly, if a little frazzled, and that's all I care about. Go here? STAY here, that's my advice.
5	I really like this place.Anywhere that serves fresh juices and great big bowls of soup is always great satisfaction and hits the spot every time :)A great place to stop by for lunch with friends or just a quick juice :)
4	After a week of greasy fry-ups during our week in Edinburgh, we checked this place out, hoping for a delicious healthy breakfast. And I'm glad we did! The food was excellent...I had a most delicious fruit salad, which was topped with granola, yogurt, honey, and a berry sauce. There were several types of fruit, all of it ripe, delicious, and beautifully presented. My husband had a pesto & chicken bagel with brie, which he loved. I'll admit, I was eyeing up everyone's food at our neighboring tables, and everything looked scrumptious...especially the thick slices of whole grain toast with peanut butter. Yum. Unfortunately, I have to knock off a star for the rather slow service...our empty plates sat in front of us for ages while our server absentmindedly peeled fruit behind the counter. We finally had to go over and flag her down to get our check.  But overall a good experience, and  I will definitely come back here the next time we are in Edinburgh!
1	I'd like to be able to say my first, and only experience at hula was a good one..but I unfortunately I don't have good stories to tell. I might give them a second chance, however, what happened today pretty much turned me off. I was with 4 other friends who were all quite hungry and needing something to eat in the area. I am a vegetarian, and my friend has a gluten and nut allergy. We had heard that Hula had some great gluten free options, and at least had one  daily soup that was gluten free. As we get up to the counter my friends and I are scrolling over the menu. We all order, except for my friend with allergies who soon realizes that there isn't much on the menu...especially since the gluten bread is made with nuts, and that day there wasn't a gluten free soup. Looking at the menu the gluten free granola seemed ok for my friend (nothing on the menu gave an indication of a problem) but just in case she asked the cashier if there was nuts in that granola..to which the girl replied that there was no nuts.  For some reason the ordering process was a disaster and took forever, but eventually we all sat down waiting. First a friend's coffee arrived. As he took a sip he realized that there was old food crusted on the side of his cup...YUCK!Then our food arrives. My friend with allergies eats some of her granola only to realize THERE WAS IN FACT NUTS. Thank goodness her allergy isn't deadly but it did lead to her tongue swelling and numbing, as well as a great deal of discomfort..only from the one bite. THIS IS NOT OK. Either they need to declare on the menu that the item contains nuts or they need to educate their staff. I don't even want to imagine if she was more seriously allergic. They gladly refunded her ..but that was it. Is this not a health violation?Meanwhile my soup and bagel arrive without cutlery. The girl informs me she'll be right back with some. 5 minutes later I am still without cutlery and my soup is getting cold. Another waitress stops by so I ask her for some. Still nothing. Eventually I ask a third time and I get it. The bagel was really tasty..I have to give them that...unfortunately though halfway through I found a hair. The soup was the tomato noodle soup..and it tasted like someone threw a can of campbell's soup on the stove. And I swear this is the last thing. When my tea pot arrives I kindly ask if they have soy instead of regular milk. The waitress brings it to the table and just as I pour it into my tea she then, AND ONLY THEN, decides to inform me that there is an addition 30p charge for it. WTF? I told, as nicely as I could, that next time she has to inform the customer beforehand. The entire meal was just ridiculous..and by restaurant standards I'm amazed they've been getting away with this. The manager was not in, but I decided to speak with the person in charge about the nuts issue. More than anything, that really bothered me. She offered a pile of 10% off coupons for our next visit..so thank you for that. This place has some awesome potential but they need to get their shit together. Until then I'm staying away.
4	Really nice atmosphere, comfortable with good wifi. Great to meet friends or general sit, be and people watch. Quiet enough that you can peacefully sit and work. I strongly recommend their chicken and pesto bagel with or without brie! Smoothies are great but are rather expensive, thankfully they also do pretty good coffee. While their cakes look good they are exposed to air and very near the door and till which stopped me from trying any. This is surprising as the rest of the place is spotless even while busy at 3pm. Overall a great place that i am sure i will come back to many times.
5	Great food in a cozy environment, lunch deal is great and is offered at a good price for a warm soup and a wrap or bagel. The staff is very friendly. They also offer take away, but with the Scottish weather I recommend to go inside and enjoy the food and drinks.
5	I feel the need to update my Hula review again. I've written quite a few, so look back over my past ones to get a good idea of everything I love about it.But my most recent love is their tuna wrap. They have no qualms with making me up one without rice and cheese (not pre-made in the fridge). And ohmylord. This is the biggest wrap I've EVER had. The tuna is lovely, and not overly mayo-y. In fact, hardly any mayo - just enough to stop it being dry. And the guacamole tastes home made and has a great spice to it.One wrap sets me up for the day. A wrap at lunch time, and I'm not hungry till around 8pm. And it sees me through hot yoga.Of course I need to keep shouting out the smoothies and juices. Wheatgrass boosters, the option of fat-free yoghurt to make a smoothie into a worthy breakfast feast.I've been coming to Hula for 2 years now, since I moved to Edinburgh, and in that time it's been refurb'd, it's become a hit amongst Edinburgh locals and especially the social media, Twitter scene, they've extended the back, put in new toilets...but what hasn't changed is they still make amazing smoothies, juices and keep me very healthy and topped up on delicious, good-for-me goodness.
5	We love Hula. Everything is well thought out and well delivered. I love the juices and the cakes. Breakfast is always a real treat. It's in an amazing part of Edinburgh and really great value too.Cant wait to go back.
4	I walked by it one day and was like this place looks awesome and actually later that day I was with a walking tour and we stopped there.  Really great customer service, and the Espresso Macchiato was really good too, I bet this place makes you smile when you walk in on a cold, wet day.  I could see myself being a regular if I lived nearby.
5	Love the Flat whites and the staff are always nice!
4	a winter in edinburgh generally means grey days, cold and wet weather, and a total lack of colour and sunshine.  and then there is winter inside Hula Juice Bar...color, sunshine, smoothies full of fruity goodness!! oh yes, i felt like i'd stepped into summer time a few months early when i came here on tuesday night :)the shop very kindly stayed open for an extra hour so the cake committee could come and meet about setting up a bake off for charity!  all very exciting, but made much more so with the dominant yellow colour that was on the walls, chairs, and counters of hula.  and then there are the juices, my betty ford was a pretty pink, the popeye was a lovely forrest green, and even Susan M's tea came in a beautiful blue teapot.   all delivered by friendly smiling staff :)so yes the colourful environment was very pleasing, but so were the lovely juice blends they had!  i found myself debating between a few of them but went for the betty ford that was lovely and full of strawberries and peach with just a hint of banana.  it was just the pick up i needed after scoffing a birthday cupcake during the afternoon at work.  i left feeling revived and healthy and sunny even though it was dark and cold outside.i'm definitely a fan of hula and hope to get back there soon to try some of their tasty food offerings in addition to more juice!  i only wish this place was closer to leith...or that they had a second shop in leith!!
5	My flatmate and I go here sometimes three times a week because it's always guaranteed to be good. The toasted bagel sandwiches are the best and with soup for the lunch deal, it's quite a bargain!
5	Okay, so I returned on the promise of a better juice. I wasn't disappointed.My boyfriend came in for breakfast this morning, he got a 'sunshine in a cup' with frozen yogurt, I got the ginger jack again. This time I was asked whether I wanted extra ginger, a question to which I could only answer "yes"! This and the ice made all the difference... It was a more flavorsome drink, and the ice made it refreshing. Maybe last time I was unlucky with the carrots? My boyfriend loved his sunshine and a cup. I tried it-it was sweet and tangy. I also got the gluten free and dairy free Bakewell cake-incredible! It was so moist, the almond flour gave it such a buttery taste. My boyfriend said his raspberry muffin was equally fantastic.The options available were a little overwhelming, I think I will have to make multiple return trips to try out all those gluten free cakes, even though I will be tempted to keep going back for that incredible Bakewell. It is not often that coeliacs are spoiled for choice. Half way through our breakfast we were offered a sample of the newest juice which isn't yet on the menu, which consists of kale, coriander and apple. It was really refreshing and left the mouth feeling clean. I will definitely be returning as this seems to be one of the best options in town for food intolerances, and unfortunately I have too many of them.
4	This is a great little juice bar with some good food too. It's a great place to grab a quick breakfast before exploring grassmarket. Try the Betty Ford smoothie!
5	I am a smoothie-addict, and therefore I am quite fussy about what I drink. This place has not failed to impress me. The manager is a very friendly and dedicated lady and this adds to the quality of the experience.The menu is very rich and it always includes a fairly good selection of cakes.I personally love thicker drinks, so I definitely appreciated the possibility of adding frozen yogurt for only 50p. It makes the smoothies absolutely outstanding without ruining the taste.The place is very tidy and colorful, it offers free wi-fi and it's an option I would reccomend to anyone happening to be in that area.
5	Juice Bars are easily my favourite things on this planet, from the whole fruit smoothies to the fruit and veg blended juice drinks, I am in love with it all. This is some of the best I've ever had. And I've tasted a lot. I was in Hula Juice Bar today and had the Blue Hawaiian smoothie, which contains blueberries, strawberries, banana and apple, and was absolutely beautiful. I didn't try any food but I'll definitely be back to do so as it looks amazing. I have so many reasons to come back; hundreds of juice and smoothie combinations to try!The venue itself is so accommodating and friendly. The vibrant colours and the eccentric mismatched chairs add a happy atmosphere, which is helped along by the friendly full-of-smiles staff, who seem to know quite a few of the regulars by name. If you're craving a juice fix, I insist you head down to the Grassmarket and try some outstanding smoothies. You'll thank me later!
5	I had an absolutely fantastic breakfast, and overall experience, at Hula. I had a bagel with brie cheese, cranberry, and tomato, and it was just delicious. The brie cheese melted on the warm, perfectly-toasted bagel and created a gooey and tasty sandwich. My coffee was fresh and strong, some of the best I've had in a long time.  I left feeling completely satisfied and happy with the meal. As I strolled by the storefront about 10 minutes later, a staff member was setting up chairs outside and flagged me down, saying she was so happy to catch me because she had accidentally charged me a few pounds too much. Honest to boot - they could have easily written me off as a gullible tourist, but chose to take the high road. I will definitely be back to Hula to try more of their menu!
5	Great little place, the outside looks a bit naff and cheap tbh but the inside has comfy seats, cool art on the walls and the food is both interesting, good value for money and most importantly Tasty! The staff are not too bad either :-)
4	Cute little place in the Grassmarket. I really love getting their " hot apple pie" drink on cold mornings. YUMMYTheir oat meal always looks yummy but have yet to have enough time in the morning to try it.I have only had a cake there once and it was dry and so I convinced myself I didn't need to try them again b/c I lack the need for extra calories
4	friendly staff, lovely interior, and good food and juice offerings. i had the sunshine in a cup and it was sweetly tart and yummy. my boyfriend opted for the nutty professor and finished it in a second, so i think he definitely enjoyed it!
4	I went here for a friend's exhibition recently and although I've heard lots about Hula Juice Bar this was my first time going in here. I liked that they exhibit peoples work as it's something different to see while you're in their establishment. Unfortunately I only got to try the cocktail that was being offered for the exhibition (as I got there a bit late to order anything) but I was loving the lists of juices, etc up on the wall. I'm going to have to make my way there for another visit to try them out. It was incredibly warm in there though, but I don't know if this is normal or just that particular evening I was there. Either way I'm going back :)
4	What a nice place to have a special meal done with an artistic touch, served with an exotic juice, to make you feel the indulgence of the city. Orders are served particularly fast.
5	Now I know what all the fuss is about! I swear I've passed Hula by unaware of its very existence! And now, I find that in that very spot exists the infamous, wonderful smoothie hula haven I've heard so much about! (And they really do go to town on the hula theme!) Hula is just the right sort of small to feel cosey and not cramped. The staff were super welcoming and it was great to see that we got 10% off our order when we checked in on Yelp. Hooray!I went for the Betty Ford with strawberry, peach, apple and banana and my smoothie significant other went for a Ginger Jack fruit juice with carrot, ginger, apple and orange. Wow! I will not accept any less than the smoothie scrumminess that is Hula. They tasted like pure fruit and were blended to perfection. With our yelp discount, it came to about the average cost for two large smoothies at any smoothie bar. But tasted like one of the best smoothies I've had. And I've had a fair few! (Got to get them fruits!) Now to say I'd get the train to Edinburgh just to get my Hula fix would be a crazy lie. (Boy, I wish I could!) But when I'm in town, it's first on my agenda!
5	I am a full blown addict to The Ginger Jack, Pink Lady and any green juice specials from Hula. It is well placed at the end of Victoria Street, in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh and it is so bright and welcoming that it is hard not to love even before you have tasted the juices & smoothies.Run by Susan and her lovely, friendly staff you will leave feeling healthier than when you entered.I have also partaken in the 3 day juice cleanse that delivers 6 juices a day to you at home. Each and every one was lip-smackingly good and you even get a list of when you drink each juice, so your energy levels stay up.I highly recommend popping in here for lunch or a pick me up take away juice and if you want a juice cleanse, this is the best place & service in Edinburgh .
5	Great food and juices, pleasant service, free wifi and a great lunch deal on soup and wraps. Really nice caff.
4	Good as always. Had the pesto chicken and sun dried tomatoes on a bagel ! Plus for the meal deal for lunch and got the zesty tomato coriander soup! DELICIOUS!!!!  Love this place
5	Hula is a cheerful and warming spot, especially on the gray winter days while we were in Edinburgh.  It is well-located right off of Grassmarket on the sloping Victoria Street (filled with its own delicious wonders), and was the husband and my favorite place for breakfast during our few days exploring the city.The staff was incredibly friendly and gave helpful recommendations, not just about the fare but also about local places to check out around Edinburgh.Their porridge made me really love Scottish porridge, and their hot drinks (teas, coffee, espresso drinks) were well made.  It was also the first place where we tried a flat white, which hasn't made its way to the "colonies" (aka the US).  And they stock our favorite porridge bars (a great upgrade from the sad, hard granola bars we know across the Atlantic).I know Hula is called a juice bar, but for some odd reason - perhaps the hour of the day - we never got juice there.  Next time, though!  I'm looking forward to dropping in on our next visit.
4	I got a delicious mango and orange juice and was excellent value. Super friendly service. Being new to juicing I'd like more to choose from but it was excellent. Working up to trying a wheatgrass shot next time!
4	I will never understand how it took me so long to get around to coming here. And if I'm not back within two weeks then I shall eat my hat.Because first of all... Colour. It is like walking into a rainbow of happiness. The walls are made of colours and on them are fluorescent vinyls painted with adorable characters and scenes (these are for sale and I would like one please if anyone reading this is looking for a present for me).Aurelie M and I were lucky to get a table - we arrived right at the start of the lunch wave; ten minutes later and it could have been curtains for our lunch plans. Lacy, gently wafting curtains...I opted for the Cajun wrap, which was wonderful, toasted to crispness on the outside and burrito-like in contents. With the side salad it was the perfect amount. I also had the Betty Ford juice, which was delicious and tasted very wholesome. I tried Aurelie's Pink lady too and it was SO GOOD. I want a whole one to myself!Aside from a slightly perfuctory dump-dishes-and-run moment from the staff member so brought our orders (totally understandable given that the place was packed by then) this was a wonderful experience from start to finish and we never felt rushed to move on despite the people who never stopped appearing.
4	Nice zingy green/mixed juices, creative fruit smoothies, and hearty wraps, lighter salads, one or two soups of the day. In a town of haggis, potatoes, fish and chips, the option of detox and immune "boosters" is a refreshing break! But for the less angelic eaters, there are also bagel sandwiches, milkshakes, and yummy looking cakes brownies and shortbreads. You can grab or go, but better to sit and stay a while with the wifi and quirky lighthearted atmosphere.
4	We were looking for somewhere to have a good quick lunch and we found it! I'm recently a bit of a smoothie addict and there is nothing I love more than a creamy banana smoothie and so I was delighted when I got one here! We also had lunch here, I had a Cajun chicken wrap which was lovely and so filling! My boyfriend had the cream cheese and salmon bagel which he also devoured!I was surprised to see there was 10% off the bill when you check in with Yelp which was a cheeky bonus!
5	Friendly staff, great food/coffee and well priced. When our bagels took a little longer than expected we were offered 2 more drinks on the house (generous and unexpected!) - the flat white is top quality.Everything looks like it'd be just as good. Quick tip, 'would you like side salad' means extra salad on top of what is served with the food - it'd be cool if they made this a bit more clear!
3	103-105 West Bow, EH1 2JP. Craving your daily greens juice or a really yummy breakfast? Here.Emily Rose Reeder
5	Delicious AND healthy - just what I like to hear! This place is a real gem in Edinburgh and if you haven't tried it already then I suggest you get your butt down there immediately!First of all, there's nothing worse than opting for the healthy option and then having to endure tasteless, boring rabbit food. That's miserable, quite frankly, and nobody wants to pay for that! Luckily for Edinburgh, Hula serves nice healthy food that you can feel good about eating, that tastes amazing!To drink, I had the Pop-Eye juice, whose main component was spinach, if I recall correctly. Now, for me, choosing to drink spinach is a bold move, and always a risk... but it tasted fab! It was just fruity enough to take the edge of the vegetables, but not so fruity that it felt like it was packed with sugar. The portion was large and it was freshly made right there and then (as it should be) by the lovely and friendly staff. All in all, a great (healthy) juice!I then had their hummus salad to eat, which was equally delicious. Packed with flavour, this dish was full of great taste, textures and ingredients. I finished the whole thing and felt decidedly satisfied at the end of it! :)The place itself is very cute too, though it was a little noisy at points because of the juicing! We also suffered a little wifi breakdown while we were there, however I'm still marking these guys as a 5 star, because if you want perfect wifi, go to Starbucks! The menu and food here was too good to deduct a star for technical difficulties, in my opinion! What a great little find in Edinburgh! I'll be back here again, for sure!
5	The only real juice bar in Edinburgh at the time of this review. They use actual vegetables in their juices - like spinach and kale, which is nice. The drinks are a little sweet for a real juicer like me (a little too much apple), but still healthier than the fake sugar in most other mainstream juice places. And since juicing isn't really a thing there, some sweetness is to be expected. So I can appreciate that they are trying to spread the juice culture to Edinburgh - they even had a class about why you should juice. Nice people and good sandwiches/wraps as well. I hung out there and used their wifi while eating and drinking healthy stuff.
2	Used Yelp to try to find a place to get a breakfast sandwich on our walk up to Edinburgh Castle and Hula looked the most promising. As much as I'd like to support local businesses, I wish we had just gone to Starbucks. I got a bagel with cream cheese and my husband got a ham/cheese bagel. They were fine, but so overpriced. For the same amount of money we could have gotten breakfast sandwiches with better stuff in them (like actual eggs!) from Starbucks.
3	Had a working lunch date with a friend recently - when we got in that morning she mentioned she'd only have a cup of tea, as she was on a bit of a fast - so lunch choice was up to me.  What a score to find Hula. The decor is bright and tropical themed (as one would hope with a name like 'Hula' - it will help you forget a damp grey day for sure.  The front room was bustling, but there's a back room, and that was nice and quiet, we managed to have a great meeting over lunch back there.She managed to have more than just that cup of tea she'd been planning on sipping - the juices on the menu fit into her plan that day, and the green one she picked out was really nice, tasted like 'home juiced' if that's a thing. I had a spicy tuna wrap (chilli tuna, guacamole, rice, cheddar, mixed salads), it was a solid 'good', I remember feeling like it could've had 'more' - not sure what, cheese for sure, salsa would've lifted it beautifully, I don't remember thinking the rice added much.  The salad falls on the short lists of salads in restaurants I will eat - I remember it being full of bright, vivid colors (I am very picky about salads).  All in all, for price, convenience, quality of food, ability to accommodate me and my friend, it was the perfect spot for lunch that day.I have since recommended Hula to a coworker who was out for a lunch a few days later.  He reported back that he liked it and would be back. I work in the neighborhood and based on my own experience, and what I've read here - I'll pop back in sometime to try something else - a friend of mine has raved about the soups.  Might come back here after and add a star...
5	Had a wonderful breakfast here this morning after having just arrived from the airport. It was exactly what we needed to start our day in Edinburgh. The porridge was amazing and the juices were delicious. We loved the Popeye juice and the Tahiti smoothie! The toast and coffee also looked great so we are planning to return for breakfast tomorrow!
5	If you are vegan/GF and traveling to Edinburgh, you MUST go here. Even if you have a normal diet and just want delicious, fresh, and quick food, Hula is the spot. I've spent hours browsing Yelp and other sites to find delicious food thay doesn't empty my wallet, and I've found it. The bagels and fresh juice are my go-to :)
4	Hula hits the spot! This was my second visit to Hula, and it was just as impressive as the first. On a warm, sunny beautiful day in Edinburgh my esteemed colleague and I popped in for a healthful lunch. I had the Mexican hot wrap (tuna, avocado, veggies) and the house salad (bleu cheese, walnuts, apples)...GORGEOUS. Simply wonderful, and just what I had wanted. Followed with a delicious smoothie (hold the banana!) with rasperries, strawberries, blueberries and an antioxidant booster for good measure I felt a wee spring in my step as I exited. The staff are ever-so-lovely and unfailingly helpful. The place is a rainbow of colors and offerings, many items gluten-free, veggie-friendly, etc. Their listings of juices, smoothies, boosters and concoctions must be unparalleled! ALL THE JUICE. ALL THE FRUITS. ALL THE VEGGIES. (And some cakes, for good measure, of course!) A must-stop in Edinburgh, will not disappoint .*free wifi (easy connection, passwords on tables!) *many outside tables in good weather, great location on a beautiful, bustling street.
5	If you're backpacking and want to try a good non-chain, then you have found your spot.Amazing place, cute and fun atmosphere. Delicious quick breakfast for me. The bagel/smoked salmon was delicious and I highly suggest either the hot chocolate or the nutty professor.Free wifi, friendly staff and now I have the energy to start my day.
5	AMAZING place. Great music and decor, and the food is top notch. Went in with my sister on a rainy day and had the soup and sandwich combo that truly hit the spot. The hot chocolate with cinnamon and honey may be the best thing I've EVER, like EVER tasted. Go go go!
5	Gluten free food!!!!Gluten free sandwiches were tasty as well as their many excellent juices. Staff is friendly and there is free, reliable wifi.
4	This cafe is nestled along the Grassmarket, almost on the corner up a very steep street. It's very cozy and deceptively larger than I thought (but still not that big). There is outdoor seating along the front for nicer days. Inside in the main room there is some seating but if you venture in, there is more seating! Very comfy and cozy place. We didn't stay, I ordered the Popeyes juice cause I love those super-jam-packed, full of vitamins and goodness type of juices. It was very tasty and my toddler approved. We also got a veggie wrap which had some creamy guacamole and loads of fresh crunchy veggies! All in all  very tasty and one of the only places in Edinburgh to offer fresh juice. And by fresh juice I mean, freshly squeezed or liquified right  in front of you. None of this bottled none sense. Fresh and unapologetic. Definitely will be coming back! Child friendly and good wholesome fresh food & juice. Really couldn't ask for more.
5	It was a sight for sore eyes and feet to finally be able to eat a great salad and have a great shake. The staff is friendly and the food is great. I also had the soup of the day and it was delicious.
3	Lots of character in the main part of the cafe but I was seated in the side room which had no atmosphere and had terrible acoustics.  Seated quickly and the service was prompt but wish I'd waited for  a table in the main part.  The decor is bright and funky, the art work being displayed is up for sale.  I Ordered the soup of the day mushroom with Stilton, it was accompanied with cheese on toast which was very tasty as the cheese was  Mull of Kintyre.  The bagel with baked ham and Mull of Kintyre  cheese was good also.  The milkshakes are delicious we ordered nutty professor, peanut butter, banana and frozen yogurt and frangipani,  banana, cinnamon, honey and frozen yogurt both delicious. Xoxo
5	Superbly cosy and friendly. I loved their bagels, and their menu had a lotta options for a lotta foodies. Cute breakfasts for is vegans. #customerfromKuwait
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Hula yet. I love this place! They have great lunch, but most recently I was here for breakfast. Since I was staying overnight in Edinburgh, just across the street from Hula, I finally had a good excuse to go here for my porridge. As a bit of a morning ritual, I normally have a porridge and a big cup or pot of loose breakfast tea. So I was extremely happy to find out that I could have both of these things for breakfast here. After reading through the menu of porridge options I decided to go with their popular honey and blueberry porridge. I thoroughly enjoyed this with it's natural sweetness... and they give you a HUGE bowl of it. I had a lovely pot of Breakfast tea to accompany said porridge, and was more than pleased that they serve it at a nice strength unlike many other Edinburgh cafes. I'm always happy to return to Hula, and hope I get another chance for breakfast there in the future.
5	My goodness, how have I not reviewed hula yet!Hula is a mad healthy bunch and juice bar. They do sandwiches, soups, bagels, wraps, and salads. All of which can be accompanied with something from their selection of freshly squeezed juices, smoothies or coffees and teas. This place definitely has its dietary options down. Gluten free, vegan, they've got it covered with loads of options for making certain dishes vegan if they aren't on the menu. I'm a little guilty of ordering the same chicken pesto bagel when I'm here so I don't have a great idea of how good everything else is on the menu. The juices and smoothies are amazing however. I've tried almost all of them and they're all delicious. The added boosters make them even healthier! Today I am enjoying the delightfully festive got Apple pie smoothie. Apple, cinnamon, hint of ginger, heated up! Yummo! The coffee here is some of the best I've tasted in Edinburgh too. Another very cool thing about hula is that it's not just a cafe, it's a gallery too. The place is full of bright colourful art from a different local artist every few months. There are also other things like Christmas cards and loose teas for sale here too. It's a lovely representation of how into local business Hula are, sharing their space for mutual benefit!
5	Went here on a whim and so glad we did!! The special salad was roasted carrot and sweet potato and I can easily say that it was the BEST salad I've ever had! Juice was amazing and my boyfriend got the parsnip soup that was also wonderful.  Prices were very reasonable on top on all that.All in all,  I love this place and will most definitely go back!
4	Great Porridge.  Great Juices.  Cheap/Fast Breakfast.
4	Hula is one of those spots I frequent after i've been binge eating junk food. It's literally impossible not to feel healthy here  - from the quirky patio furniture to the tea towels on the walls and astroturf at the front, you basically lose three pounds just walking in the door* (*results may vary).I frequent this place most when i'm feeling a wee bit homesick. It's a little snippet of my yoga crazy, green juice chugging, home town tucked away in the Grassmarket. Like most brilliant health conscious places - they make you feel good about eating cream cheese. I'm serious, you will feel like a million bucks for choosing that smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel. Is it the healthiest thing on the menu? Heck no. But you're also having a peppermint tea and a green juice, so that cancels out any harm caused by your full fat dairy indulgence: science.This theory works with most of their menu. Delicious, healthy options with a heck ton of cheese - often melted. God bless you Hula.Don't get me wrong, if you want to go the true blue health route, it has you covered as well. From heart healthy salads to house made soup - you can find a decent meal here with or without cheese cheating.Bonus points for gluten free options.It also boasts the best juice selection i've found thus far in Edinburgh and *drum roll please* - they carry green juice! Add a scoop of frozen yogurt and have a double lunch!Hula will continue to be my go-to when I want to feel hip, healthy and/or need a quirky spot to host a lunch meeting. My only complaint? I wish they had better wifi. This gal needs to internet gush 24/7.
