4	What a nice downtown bar and pub to stroll right on into for some good food and drink. The decor is very unique to look at and very inviting as well. There was construction going on outside thus we decided to venture on in for this visit.There were plenty of drink options as I found in most pubs in town but what I liked most is the amount of good food options they had on the menu. As a newbie when it comes to haggis, I tried their version which was wrapped in filo dough on a bed of neeps and creamy leek sauce. A very nice introduction if I must say!I had the Scottish haddock that was lightly battered and fried served with fries. The fish was excellent and only needed a squeeze of lemon to make it taste perfect. I also enjoyed the Kopparberg pear cider I drank with my meal ... I found it to be my new favorite drink.The service was very nice and attentive. We mentioned we liked the parting chocolate treats that they gave us with the bill. Our waitress came back with a bunch for us to take home. Sweet!
3	Great pub for a beer after work.  Decent selection of beers at decent prices.  Plenty of large tables for groups and very attentive bartenders.
2	Short, somewhat rude, bartender.  Closes early. And seemed quite drab even when it was open.
2	We visited because this place had good yelp reviews, but it was a complete let down.  It was nearly dead around 10pm, and within 30 minutes it started closing.  So we left and went to a real pub -Whiski Bar if you're interested.
4	Located just on the corner of St. Andrew's Square, I've mostly been there to use the loo. Because it's the only place you can go around the area. But, then, eventually, I decided to go there for a drink. And I wasn't disappointed. I mainly went back because I loved the interior so much. It's got really high ceilings, and the space is all centered around the bar. The pub has an intact Victorian interior, and you could probably find yourself staring absentmindedly at the walls because of their intricacy. It's also got, unlike many pubs in Edinburgh, a nice outdoor seating area for when it's rarely sunny. The selection of ales isn't the best in Edinburgh, but they have Leffe on tap, which makes my heart skip a few beats. The staff are mediocre, but in a way that isn't invasive or inconvenient. It's a fairly buzzing bar, and is great for a nightcap before taking the overnight bus to London from St Andrew's Bus Station.
3	Formerly the prudential insurance company that had offices here  pretty impressive art Deco style with fitted bog standard cheap hotel carpets. At first l wasn't sure if this was a j d weather spoon pub but this one had less booze and sold cigars that's when l realised this was a wannabe JD. Even though a Monday there was only me and two other old lady's finishing of their fish suppers l know this as it smelt the pub out.I suppose this is an ok pub if you want a quiet night out or way before you hit the clubs.
2	Alright, so it's a lovely building, I get that. But the bar takes up the bulk of the room, and trying to negotiate your way in and out is painful and involves a lot of 'Sorry! Sorry! Scuse me! Sorry! as you try to get past people. Shrink or move the bar and make it a bit more accessible.
4	So we were looking for a place to have a bite just to get ourselves some energy to continue exploring the city centre and we ended up here. The location and the prices seemed reasonable so we asked for a table. The service was quick and the food was good, not too much to choose from, we got a caesars salad,  a ploughman's plate (or whatever the name was) and fish and chips. The salad and the fish and chips were good, the other dish... Well, we didn't know what it was before ordering it so maybe that's why we were a bit disappointed. Finally, we shared a sticky toffee pudding which was delicious. The decoration is very nice even though it's quite crowded inside. Would definitely recommend it for a fast bite or a drink, probably not for a fancy meal!
