4	I have a long sleeved shirt from Dizzy's that I have worn through at the wrists and one of the elbows. I like it that much.I wear it proudly wherever I am in the U.S. or abroad, secretly knowing that if anyone from Central Phoenix sees the logo on my back, they will tap me on the shoulder and say "Dude, sweet Dizzy's shirt."Several years have past since I was a legitimate "regular" at the Dizz but now that I go back I like it for entirely different reasons. They have beer specials that vary night by night but you can get out of there needing a taxi to get home and realize you only spent $18. It's a nice feeling. It's dark and smoky and . . . well . . . divey. But it has plenty of pool tables and Golden Tee and the jukebox will take you back to '95, which, for any of you grunge fans out there, is a good thing. It's ideal for a Sunday night in a big hoodie with an old friend or two and a pitcher (or three).
4	Dizzy's is a decent average-joe dive bar, complete with pool table and darts.  A good place for day-drinking or night drinking.  Jukebox is filled with your classic rock and metal choices.  Decent drink prices as I recall.
4	If your looking for a hole-in-the-wall bar and you happen to live near it, Dizzy's is your place! The drinks are poured well, service is quick and prices better then reasonable (kudos to the owners). Probably the best feature of Dizzy's is the crowd, everyone is cool, seriously, you can talk to anyone in this place, everyone is a happy drunk!
3	affordable drinking, pool tables, darts.
3	This place is a great dive bar. We love the drink prices and the people here are laid back and cool. (no need to worry about any fights that I could tell) Highly recommend if you like dive bars. Also they have pool tables and darts.
4	Yeah for Dive Bars! A good Dive Bar to me is one where you can come in and feel completely at ease no matter who you are or what you are wearing. The bartender is super relaxed but helpful and can make a mean cocktail. The lighting is dark and moody and the jukebox has good tunes.Dizzy's is pretty much a solid bet on all these items except for all the damn country music that some patrons think is listenable.
4	Here's why Dizzy's rocks.. Brandy and Jasmine just kick ass as bartenders and know how to take care of their customers.  You will never go thirsty!  We like to meet up here every so often and hang with our friends for hours here.  We end up just drinking, singing to the juke box and playing darts. For a small bar, this place really is the sh*t.Im not really the bar type, but my girlfriend turned me on to this place and I just keep coming back.  Awesome people, awesome times.  Dizzy's is the place!  Why not 5 stars??  Im always the designated driver, and when it comes to soda, they only serve Coke products.. ewwwww...   then again, Ive never heard of someone asking for a "Rum N Pepsi" before.  So yes.. 1 star is for my diet pepsi!!  :)
4	Pleasantly surprised.....with this little find!  We went there to see a friend from out of town play for a fundraiser for a child who is ill.  It's definitely something you'd find near the beach.  $3 drafts...and full bar.  Packed house....just North of the Vig UpTown.  Definitely a casual dive and fun too!
4	Love it.Dizzy's is a fantastic dive bar up on 7th St that is well worth the drive. They serve cheap beer, have cool clientele and you can order a Totino's frozen pizza for $3 if you're hungry late at night.
4	I think something bad happened to me once at Dizzy's that I was too drunk to remember. So my subconscious, in a futile act of attempted self-preservation, always pops up and makes me not want to come here or even consider coming here. So I don't know why I instinctively omit this place from my choice of drinking venues. I always have a good time here or at least always remember having a good time.  The last time I was here was on a Thursday-it was a smaller but good crowd and I had a great time. The drinks are reasonably priced and I've never had a problem with the service. Even when it is busier on weekends the patrons are usually agreeableIt's a good neighborhood with a delightfully divey feel. The place is good sized, has pool tables and darts and a jukebox. So I honestly don't know what's not to like about Dizzy's. I'm going to make a conscious effort to come here more often, my subconscious be damned.
5	Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices. All the bartenders there are amazing and extremely friendly. Its great for a fun friday night or even for a cold dark place to hang out in the middle of the day to escape the heat. It is now a home away from home for me and I would recommend it to anyone.
2	Used to be a great dive to shoot pool/darts. Now over priced and boring. Might as well be a Starbucks
1	Used to be a great dive to shoot pool/darts. Now over priced and boring. Might as well be a Starbucks. Bartenders are usually out smoking so be sure to time it right unless you want to wait for a drink.
