1	DON'T TAKE YOUR PETS HERE. Unfortunately, they were horrible. They are after all they can take from you. Your pets health is not at all the main subject. I took my cat with an Urinary Tract Infection. She was in pain and I told the doctor all her symptoms she went ahead and refused to prescribe her anything at all unless she had 2 test that were about $350 for both. She as I suspected an UTI but she had to put my cat through 5 hours of hell. The practice seemed disorganized there were a lot of people but they were running around like chicken without a head. They were not even busy or having a surgery in the back. If my cat needed a surgery I would probably take her there because they do seem to have a lot of technology BUT IF YOU supect that it is a stomach, respiratory or even a UTI I would take her to a vet that is not affiliated with a big corporation such as Banfield. Banfield as any corporation they don't  want to serve your pets as much as they want to serve their stock holders. Money is their bottom line. I learned my lesson next time I will take my cat to another vet.
5	Okay now I may seem bipolar or something if I compare my  last review of the place to this one but reflecting on it I was very upset about the whole money situation. Although, I felt pressure into buying the pet insurance as it turned out my cat  hada very bad infection and she needed follow up appointments and other studies so it kind of worked our at the end money wise. My precious cat is getting healthier  which is the most important thing out of this whole situation. The doctor was caring and apologetic for all the stuff that they had to do to my cat to get the urine and blood samples because it took them  forever to get the samples and the stress the cat went through.  Also i found out that the dental cleaning and deworming is covered under the insurance so that is good for me because I have been thinking in taking her for a cleaning but I have been afraid to even see how much that cost. So that's why I am changing my rating because procedures made sense at the end and the doctor was sweet to my cat.
4	We recently took in a stray cat who was hanging around our house and needed to take her in to be looked at, get vaccinations, etc. We decided on Banfield at my mother's recommendation since she's taken her boxers to this particular location before. I figure Banfields must range in quality depending on the staff but this one is very good.The veterinarians who saw our new cat Isis were very friendly, handled her well, and obviously loved animals. I was nervous about being pressured into their Wellness Plans, but they were very nice about it. We decided to go for the plan because it worked out in our favor with all of the vaccinations and possible future appointments she may need (a stray animal is kind of a wild card in terms of medical issues, etc; we probably wouldn't get the plan for our other cat who's never needed a vet visit). Our cat turned out to likely already be spayed, but before we found that out I was a little worried about that cost. They add it on to the monthly fee so you can pay in installments but it did seem expensive to me.It's also very convenient to have the vet inside a Petsmart. With two reptiles, two birds, and now two cats, it is very handy to be able to get supplies while also getting the animal looked at.
1	Please do not take your pets here. I took my puppy in because she was losing hair in spots. She was diagnosed with having ringworm so they gave me the normal stuff you give a puppy to get rid of ringworm, charged me a few hundred bucks and had me make a follow-up. I took her back a few more times because the problem wasn't going away in which they gave me more medication and charged me more money. The last visit, I was very upset and asked them if they had misdiagnose my puppy and that it reminded me of mange but they said she had ringworm. I let them know I was upset that it was costing me all this money and my puppy was getting worse. Long story short I took her to the doggie dermatologist and found out she did not have ringworm at all but dermodex. The ringworm came back negative. I was also told that dermodex is one of the first things they should have looked for because it is common in puppies so this was a complete miss on their part. The dermodex was diagnosed in less than 10 minutes at the derm office and the vet showed me under the microscope what they looked like. This experience has cost me about $1000.00 in vet bills when it should have cost me about half of that. I will never take my puppy back to Banfield again and I advise you to go someplace else.
