5	Online customer service? SUCKS.Email customer service? SUCKS.800# customer service?  OMG SUCKS  DIE DIE DIEIn-shop customer service?  HEAVENLY!Wait times for technical assistance are completely reasonable.  Staffing is more than adequate.  Service is quick and friendly, completed quickly by friendly and knowledgeable associates.  Melissa, especially, is an absolute gem.TIP:  Most employers participate in the preferred employer discount program - sometimes up to 25% off your monthly bill and 25% off accessories.
4	I went in here this past week to get a replacement phone for my son. We were in by 7:30pm and out by 8:00pm.
1	Liars. I waited for 45 minutes with my son last night at the store at Tatum and Shea, to be told that they were out of stock on the $99 Razr cell phone. They called this store at Frank Lloyd Wright and Scottsdale Rd - manager Travis - to hold the phone for us. First thing when this store opened at 10 am we were there - my excited little son by my side. I verified that the phone was $99. "Oh yes." Then they started ringing us up. The phone was $199, not $99. They wouldn't honor the $99 - it had "gone off special" a "couple of weeks ago." Travis the "manager" did NOTHING but jeer at me. They told me I could use my phone's $50 upgrade credit toward the phone. I continued to ring out - they then charged me ANOTHER THIRTY DOLLARS for upgrading!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "Their new policy." I would have WALKED OUT except I didn't want to disappoint my son, since this was a gift he had been waiting all summer for. VERIZON ABSOLUTELY SUCKS and so do their non-union employees! No wonder their profits are so high - they are liars and rip off artists.
1	Treated with complete disrespect. Worst service I have ever experienced.  After waiting to see the manager I was directed to an employee who committed slander towards me very loudly in front of everyone in the store. Then the manager stepped in, spoke robotically without listening and then was incredibly harsh in tone and told me to leave. He said, "leave, get out, now" ****************Don't go to this store/don't use verizon******************
3	A guy named Andrew works there and is very negative. The whole time he talked to us about how we could of saved money and how I should of used a case for breaking my phone. Wait, I thought customer service was all about making the customer feel welcomed and understanding of there problems with the phone they want or damaged. Other than that prick, it's a nice place!
1	Let me start by saying that Verizon has great coverage in this area; no dropped calls.  BUT, and that is a BIG BUT, this franchise and the customer service people in general at Verizon are terrible.  Not only that they do not tell the truth and for a business, that is despicable!  But, they will extract as much cash out of you they can.  I have many examples, but most recently we were told I could qualify to upgrade to a smart phone on a certain date and when we went back to the store, they said no as if they had complete amnesia.  This has happened 3 times in the last year.  I had a battery go bad on my flip phone before that and they made me renew two years for that.  Finally, we have had enough and though we have a family plan, I am going to venture out into the AT&T world for 6 months and, if it works well enough, bye-bye Verizon.I just resent giving Verizon any more of my hard-earned money.
5	The crew experienced an unusual rush as we entered the store. They handled it like it was an everyday occurrence. After a 45 minute wait (well after closing time) we received help from Bob who helped us get started who was very helpful. Then Daniel our salesman helped us get set up and rung up. THEN, waaaaay after closing time he even offered to transfer our phone books! TWO THUMBS WAY UP! Thank you guys!!!!!
1	I wish upon all the stars that I could give out negitive stars!!!!! DO NOT EVER WALK INTO THIS VERIZON STORE!!!!!!! Trust me! Stay AWAY!I walked in, nobody was up in the front taking names sooooo I wonder around the store. We were there because I FINALLY talked my mom into moving into the 21st centery! She was going to buy an iphone!!!! We watched people walk in behind us, they were walked up to and asked for their names... UH WHAT????!!!!!!!! You mean to tell me I walked in ahead of people and now I'm 5 down the list? WHERE THE F WHERE YOU when we walked in?We are nicely dressed people, not some homeless bum walking in from off the street!!!!! Holy Cow.However I should not be surprised, everytime we have gone in here to THIS location, we have been treated horribly! Disrespectful people work here.If you enjoy being treated like shit, by all means walk into this store any day of the week. That's what you will get.So we stepped outside, and dailed *611 to tell them about how badly we were just treated. It kept disconnecting us! -10,000 stars for this verizon store location!!!!  As I walked out the door I said I can't wait to yelp about this & some employee actually started to yell at me. I really wish I would have turned around and gotten his name.I do however love my phone service, I've never had a dropped call or any slowing.BUT STAY AWAY FROM HERE!
1	Even though there were more employees than customers in the store, I still had to wait 45 minutes to see someone. When I finally did, they were no help. Don't waste your time at this store - hopefully you'll have better luck somewhere else. Never coming here again.
1	Just to be clear, the one star above should be assumed on a 1000 star scale instead of a 5 star scale. Walked in to this location to upgrade a plan and phone and had to wait 30 minutes to be helped. Chose the plan and phone and put down a deposit then their rep disappeared to get it set up. Two hours I waited. Two hours nobody came by to let me know what was going on. Just to clarify the name of this company is Verizon COMMUNICATIONS. So I communicated my displeasure with waiting and was told my representative was on hold and that they showed no record ofMy deposit going through despite my Wells Fargo app showing otherwise. They wanted another deposit AGAIN so I refused demanded my money and was told I would get a check in about 2 weeks. Now a month later I go back in and I am told they credited my account (that I didn't open) and I would get it anywhere between 5 to 7 weeks from the end of the bill cycle I currently am not using nor did I sign up for because I took my business to T-Mobile and cost Verizon 6000 dollars in lost business to a competitor.  I called verizon customer service (can't call the promenade phone number, they won't answer according to the manager of that store) why even have a number? Their customer support said, while I was on the phone with them for an hour before they did the work in Washington over the phone that customer service should have taken care of in the store. Long story short, a credit done properly from verizon takes 2 weeks max. A credit from this location may take 3 months according to those geniuses there. Feel free to give Verizon your business. Their coverage is great, but do not give this location your business. Consider yourselves warned.
1	Well the fun continues with verizon. That refund that ballooned from 2 weeks to 3 months. Their customer service in irvine California called to apologize, of course that apology turned my past quote of 5 days to 2 weeks into an additional 4 to 5 weeks. Sounds like a sound apology to me. Um yes you were told um 2 weeks max but I got on that right away and it's only going to be 4 weeks minimum from this point instead if the 2 you were told. Isn't that great. Hopefully yelp and the 5 consumer advocacy groups I contacted can get the ball rolling, or maybe each one will keep adding a month as is tradition in verizon land. Guess my grand kids can get that measly refund sometime in their lifetime. My previous comment about verizon being good but not that location, I take it back. It's a scam. Tony soprano would be envious. Two cans and a string would be far better than verizon and their customer care.
1	Well the fun continues with verizon. That refund that ballooned from 2 weeks to 3 months. Their customer service in irvine California called to apologize, of course that apology turned my past quote of 5 days to 2 weeks into an additional 4 to 5 weeks. Sounds like a sound apology to me. Um yes you were told um 2 weeks max but I got on that right away and it's only going to be 4 weeks minimum from this point instead if the 2 you were told. Isn't that great. Hopefully yelp and the 5 consumer advocacy groups I contacted can get the ball rolling, or maybe each one will keep adding a month as is tradition in verizon land. Guess my grand kids can get that measly refund sometime in their lifetime. My previous comment about verizon being good but not that location, I take it back. It's a scam. Tony soprano would be envious. Two cans and a string would be far better than verizon and their customer care.
1	Went in with a phone issue and discovered that this location only exists to sell phones. As soon as you say you dont want to renew your contract you get the impression that your worthless here. Although the initial salesman was polite the manger I spoke to (dark hair dark skin woman) let me know they could not help me and was pretty arrogant about it. Yes. I have both worthless insurances on my phone. Bad management.
1	The sales approach at this place is nothing short of a Used Car lot.  Three gentlemen fought over shaking my hand as I walked through the door and everything went downhill from there.
2	Recently upgraded to the new iPhone, and my sales rep (Bill) covertly added Vz Navigator ($4.99 monthly) and Protection - iPhone ($10 monthly) without even mentioning these, or asking if I wanted them. I only discovered them later while reviewing my bill. I'm unsatisfied with my experience. Next time, I'll go to one of the kiosks at the mall.
1	Update. The manager's name is Christine. I had the displeasure of having to come back here because my new phone was delivered in the wrong color and memory. Needless to say the experience was equally as terrible and once again the manager (Christine) was as rude and unpleasant as ever. The rest of the staff was polite and you could see that they were compensating and apparently used to her lack of people skills.
1	Stopped in to look at new Galaxy 5.  First thing that put me off was the music in the store was so loud you could not hear what was being said and was told no they could not turn the volume down.  Finally went to back of store and sales person showed us the phone.  When we discussed price he said we could probably get a better deal somewhere else.  REALLY????  We decided that would be our last visit to this store.
5	Thank you so much for helping me find my I Phone. You are so great I can't wait for the next I phone I get from your great store.Thanks to both you guys for helping me Tuesday night almost at closing time !!! Jo Ann
1	Absolutely SO disappointed and will NEVER go back to this Verizon store.  Waited over an hour to be helped ONLY to be told they had NO new IPhone 6 or iPhone6+ phones and it would be at least a month before they had them.  When I asked why they didn't have a sign stating such, the guy just shrugged!  A Verizon customer for 12 years - nobody ever sent me an advertisement about the $200 trade in.  A friend from work told me - he got his at a Verizon store NO problem.  Anyway - I'll get the phone in time but it will NOT be at this store and, you know what, they don't care!
5	Let me start this by saying I tried everything to not come here, I read the reviews and this was the last place I wanted to come for my new phone and to change my plan, but it is also the closest to my house.  So, my girlfriend suggested we give it a go and we could always just leave if it was truly as bad as the reviews.We went on a Saturday morning, the first Saturday morning after the release of the new iPhone.  To say the place was busy would be a gross understatement, but we were greeted at the door and told it would be about a half hour wait.  We were cool with that and spent some time checking out the different phones on our own.About a half an hour later a rep met with us and was great.  Even though it was very busy she took the time to explain the plans to us and walk us through everything.  She was upfront about how long it would take to get our new phones, although my girlfriend received hers 2 weeks before we were told it would be here!All in all it was a positive experience and I would come here again.
5	Let me start with AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE ... I had the pleasure of dealing with Michelle & Jen. A young man welcomed us when walked in - i spent HOURS in Apple waiting for a "genius" that was a joke! Came into Verizon within 30 min I looked at Motorola, Samsung but stayed w iPhone6 purchased my phone and left. Thank you for answering my questions, the timely kind customer service and providing us additional information -
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! I am saddened by the lack of customer support I have received from Verizon Wireless regarding my iPhone 5.  You have replaced 6 phones since October 6th.  ALL 6 have been defective.  People cannot hear me on them or you've sent me phones with bad screens.  Today, I received phone #6 and what for it...  people cannot hear me.  Can you hear me now?  NO!!!  No one can because you mail out defective phones!  Your manager doesn't return voice mails, your social media team is powerless and your yelp guys are non-responsive!!!  AWESOME JOB!!!  Stop focusing on shareholder value and focus on customer support.
1	Waiting for almost an hour tonightwith music blasting at rock concert decibels to ensure, "customer privacy."  It is too bad that customers cannot hear the customer service reps due to the loud music.  Not to mention that it is almost impossible to concentrate on reading, or anything else you want to do, to pass the time due to the loud, unnecessary, music.  If privacy is their main concern, then I can suggest about 20 different ways to address that without blaring loud music throughout the store.
