2	This place was just ok. Usually i like to be amazed and WOW'd! but this place did not cut it for me.. I dropped my maltese bichon poodle mix and when i came back her entire hair was gone! and to top it off the staff accused my dog of DROOLING alot.. I was like are you freaking kidding me! just because my dog likes to hydrate and drink lot's of water it doesnt not mean she DROOLS alot! the staff was prolly just lazy to wipe her snout area.. The staff service was ok.. They didnt seem to care much for your pet.. i wouldn't go back to this place.. I just wasn't feeling it..
5	I love this place, they treat my dog with wonderful care & they do an excellent job with his grooming needs.The staff is nice & they meet your every request & concern. 2 up!
2	I recently took my cat here as he was full of mats since he hates to be brushed.  He has medium length hair.  He was in a frightful state to be sure.  They got me right in and quoted a price I thought was high, but my Sidney was in a mess so it was worth it to me.When I picked him up, I made the mistake of not checking him over first since I just wanted to get home and out of the heat.  Bad mistake.  He was a mess.  The mats were gone to be sure, and she didn't cut him or anything like that.  But, she gave him a "Lion Cut"  which wasn't a bad idea since the mats were extensive and she had to shave a lot.  My gripe come with the cut.  She left patches of fur all over him.  the leg cuts were completely uneven, the collar fur looked like a jigsaw puzzle, it was all over the place.When I called her about it, she said it was because his skin was too thin to do a better job.  That was her explanation.  She offered to straighten it out, but would make me sign a waiver in case she cut him.  No way.  I wasn't going for that.  I figure his fur will grow out, he'll have to learn to sit still for brushing or get groomed more. just not at the Pet Spa.
1	Do Not Go Here!!! I was mislead by previous reviews to take my puppy here and going was a big mistake. I should have taken it as a sign when the lady before me picked up her dog was unhappy and when she asked the groomer to make a few adjustments to the cut she refused. When I took my pup in she was fluffy and just needed a trim. When she came back she was practically bald around the face and neck and the body as still fluffy. It looked like the groomer put a blindfold on and started cutting my dog! In addition, she called twice to reschedule a pick up time AND kept her collar.  I'm not one to vent about a place because people make mistakes but this was unacceptable!!
5	I highly recommend getting your cat groomed here. My cat is always extra clean, super soft and smells so good afterward. I wanted to try soft paws before declawing and Helene does such a great job with the soft paws that they stay on for weeks and now I won't be getting my kitty declawed. I'm sure they're great with dogs too!
5	They did our dog Cody on Saturday and they did a great job.  Was referred by my coworker. She also told me about the $10 off discount for being a first time customer. I dropped him off, did my shopping and picked him up looking cute and smelling good. They also gave him a bag of treats for being such a good boy.
5	I took my two little girls here last week. One Siamese, and one a Ragdoll. The woman who grooms cats came in on her off day just for me. The price was reasonable and I loved that they allowed me to drop them off an hour before my appointment, due to me having to run an errand on the other side of town.  They called me 3hrs later and I didn't recognize them! They looked like two skinny twins! Lol.....I loved how great they smelled and how smooth their fur was cut down. I especially love that I was given the option of a lion cut vs. just a short groom.  Majority of the places that groom cats will only allow you lion cut. My cats looked amazing and I will be returning in the future!
4	When I first entered, their staff were friendly! But the owner walked past me and didn't even greet me which was kinda rude. But their services were great. But It took 2-3 hours just for a bath and nail clipping. I would come back and get services from them though. Place looked clean and safe.
5	Called same day on a Sunday and they were able to bathe my Chihuahua. She came back smelling great with trimmed nails in under an hour and a half. Staff was very friendly.
5	My dog Finn always has a wonderful time here! I have him groomed here and he plays at the day camp! They always do the exact haircut and all the groomers are so sweet! :) I'm even thinking about bringing my cat too next time!
5	I brought my cat here having trouble finding someone to work with my schedule and Helen went out of her way to do my cat and she did a wonderful job and now I take my doggie here to love this place they are really nice and great customer service
5	Drove out of my way to get here, as my sister (whose been going here for a couple years) recommended the place.They were really nice, and seemed to understand what I wanted for my dog. Some places would just act like they listen, and then my dog would end up all shaved up, losing almost all of his character.LV Pet Spa even incorporated the "lion tail" look I was going for, without having it show his skin.Also, my dog seemed so happy after his haircut, which never happens when I have him groomed elsewhere.Oh, and he loves his new bandana. My dog actually really loves to wear bandanas, if you take it off of him, he'll run back to you practically saying to put it back on.. Lolol.I'll definitely be returning again.Btw, if you bring your dog anywhere matted, don't expect it to be alright. It takes improper care for a dog to get to that point, and it's difficult to fix. You'd have to cut them all up, and basically start from scratch. (They may end up with cuts/scrapes if it's really, really bad.) Certain dogs require more maintenance, and if you can't handle that then you shouldn't even have one, imo. They're like children, they require love, care, and attention. Please take care of your dogs.
