5	I think I fell off the board about five times, but at least it was not flat on my face.  I knew this would happen, and it's okay.  Fit Club: Surfset was another opportunity to work out with Yelp pals, doing a class that I've never tried before.  Balancing on the surfboards really challenges you to work the core and even though we were all kind of shaky at the start, by the end of the class it felt like we had made some real progress and felt more comfortable.  Thank you to the folks at Surfset for leading us through a fun class, for the protein shakes before and after our workout, and, as always, to Drew and Victoria for organizing a Fit Club event at this unique gym.
5	I am loving the Fit Club events focusing on burning calories rather than consuming them! This event in particular was a great fit for Yelp: participants got to try out a new business and provide them with feedback and unofficial publicity, while trying an unusual workout that we otherwise might not have gotten the chance to experience.I don't know about most people, but I don't like being the only one to try new things- especially when there are witnesses and a learning curve.SurfSet wasn't too hard to find once we had the address- signed in and filled out a waiver, then took off our socks and shoes and headed for the boards. The main room had perhaps 20 boards balanced on balls, facing a single board for an instructor to demo on, and mirrors on the side walls. The best part was the projected film of people surfing waves above the studio, it really added to the beachy feel. The music also was very well-selected, lots of lighthearted island covers of alt hits.  The workout itself sounds tough, but it's even tougher to actually do. I consider myself fairly active and I like to think I'm fairly good with my balance. In this class, I was the least coordinated one who fell off my board the most often. Ours was a "blend" class, combining elements of core work, strength training, and cardio all in one in alternating sets. I liked the format of the class and am strongly considering scooping up their featured Groupon for 8 classes- I figure by then perhaps I will have redeemed myself.I'm actually looking forward to feeling sore tomorrow, because I left feeling frustrated with myself for not trying harder, which is also part of what is driving me to go again and try to kick this stupid board's butt.Our instructor was a great guy who took the time to go around the room and help us fix our form when necessary- especially for my lunges, which I struggle with already even on flat, stable land. He was friendly and outgoing, as well as effective at instructing us and keeping us roughly on a schedule. I also appreciated the other staff who took care of signing us in and provided protein shake shots- everyone we interacted with was friendly and outgoing.Thanks again, Surtset and Yelp staff, for organizing and hosting a fun way to work out! Hoping to see you guys again soon!Sidenote: other Yelp attendees, if anyone else is interested in going again or getting the Groupon class set together, give me a shout!
5	I got to SurfSet early and was greeted by a Yelp rep who gave me forms to fill out and sign + Yelp swag. I was chatting with the owner, Jason. I was also watching the group before mine exercise.They were sweaty and I knew it was going to be a good workout. We were the last and smallest group. We had some no-shows but I was happy to see Lisa R. I got to meet Rachel.They had bins and shelves for shoes and your stuff. They'll let you wear feet wraps with grip. We were given samples of protein shake. SurfSet keychains, bracelets and stickers were up for grabs.My bad for working out in the morning. I've always known balancing is not a skill I have. So, being tired, sore and sleepy made it my lack of balance even worse. I was having a tough time staying on the board...getting on the board, even! I provided entertainment for sure and I enjoyed laughing at myself. I was next to Amanda who was like pro status. There I was saying, "OMG, there's an earthquake!" while my board was shaking violently. Our instructor, Crystal was amazingly patient and calm. If I were teaching that class, I'd kick myself out. Just when I finally found my balance, we had to do something else! We did tricep dips, mountain climbers, squats, push ups, down dog, cobra, etc on the board - those I can do without a problem...but standing still was difficult for me.Crystal said they offer balancing classes. I really should attend those classes. Maybe, I'll end up as a circus performer one day. Thank you, SurfSet for having us!  \m/
5	I have wanted to try this for so long ever since Jaime W. organized something when this place first opened, but I could never make it work.  I was thrilled that Surfset was part of yelp fit club.  Drew A. generously squeezed me, Eric R. and my visiting brother Jeffrey L. into the third class so we can rock our core, hardcore!I knew almost everyone in my class, and it was fun working out with y'all.  The instructor was so good (of course she was!) and I have to say that this was no easy feat.  There was definitely a lot of core, arms, legs, and strength exercises.  Balancing initially was very scary but I held my core in and just did my best.  The frog hopping hurt like hell and the lifting the legs and jumping side to side of the board caused me to slam both inner ankles on the board and I had huge bruises form.  No guts, no glory!  For those who were not in our class, Eric R.'s extreme clumsiness caused him to fly off the board a few times, once almost all the way to the speaker along the mirror!  It was kind of amusing but I hoped he didn't hurt himself!At the end of class, we could not find the vitacoco or kind stuff though we asked.  I think the yelp rep took them before our class started to her car or maybe the previous classes took them all.  Oh well!  The yelpers from my class schmoozed at the end.  I am really glad I tried this class.  I woke up yesterday super sore in the core (nice rhyme!) and then hiked all day.  I think I am too sore and tired for barre3 tonight so I will take time to recover, thanks to advil.  Thanks Yelpcrew for making this possible!
5	This was one of the more fun times I have had in a group fitness class!  Surfset is downright enjoyable!We took part in a blend class that combined work  on the core, balance, cardio, and strength training, but they also offer classes specializing more specifically in cardio and strength training...a core workout comes included in everything you do ;)I would really recommend Surfset for groups of people and as such it made for a great event!  Additionally, anyone that avoids working out because they find it boring should check out Surfset...nothing boring happening here!Jason, the owner, led our class and was incredibly nice and easy to work.  Lots of accommodations are available to help beginners and more advanced practitioners. Thanks to Surfset and Yelp for making this happen!  This was an awesome addition to Fit Club!
5	This was my first session of Yelp's Fit Club 2014, yay! I was really looking forward to this event since I saw Surfset at the Yelp Helps: NPO-Yeah event in December. I thought it would be really cool to try since there's no way I'm ever getting on a real surfboard.The studio was easy to locate and parking was simple. Once inside, we filled out liability forms, offered Surfset keychains and stickers, checked in with Victoria's sister, Stephanie, stocked up on Yelp swag, and greeted personally by the owner, Jason. There were cubbies to place our belongings and shoes (barefoot zone!) before we chose our surfboards. Before our class, we were also given samples of Chocolate Strawberry or Mixed Berry protein shakes that were freshly blended. After being introduced to the world of Surfset Fitness, Jason led our group in a "Blend" session that combines their Balance, Burn, and Build programs. So, there was balancing exercises (yoga), strength training (burpees), core training, and cardio. Surprisingly, I was able to balance pretty well, however, it become increasingly difficult as my legs grew tired. It was a very challenging workout! Jason was amazing though. He walked through a couple times to assist or simply encourage and I enjoyed the way he instructed. He created a comfortable environment.It was definitely more fun with a private class of Yelpers and mostly first-timers. There were moments that I struggled, but was relieved to know that I wasn't the only one! I just wish I wasn't battling a sinus cold at the time! Anyway, I'm definitely a fan of Surfset Fitness and would love to have one of those boards in my house, lol. By the way, it feels like someone punched my legs, so yes, I am feeling it!Thank you again, Yelp, Surfset Las Vegas, and Jason for the awesome workout!
5	If you are looking for fun, unique, challenging (both mentally and physically), total body workout look no further than Surfset! The entire class is based around core muscle control and getting a killer workout in while - you guessed it - balancing on a surfboard! Resistance bands are positioned on the sides of the boards so if you don't start of being a professional (ha!) you can take baby steps to get there. This concept is truly genius. This was (and definitely would be in the future) a fun class to take as a group. It is laid out similar to a dance studio but with surfboards everywhere...however the mirrors everywhere help you to see that you are not alone in occasionally taking a nose dive off the board. ;) It's really a motivating and encouraging group atmosphere.The instructor and owner, Jason, was very easy to work with and helpful. I would highly recommend this class!Thank you Surfset and Yelp for putting on such a fun event!
5	Surfset tops the list of the most unique class that I tried for Fit Club.  I really didn't know what to expect.  Chrystal was our teacher and there were only four us in this class so I was thankful for that because my biggest fear was falling off the board.  Chrystal gave a great class and awesome tips as far as helping balance and how to come off the board if you are losing your balance but it really is something that appears easier then it is.  Simple exercises like lunges and push ups are quite challenging with balance comes into play.  I also like the video of surfing scenes playing behind Chrystal because I know for me this is the closest I will ever get to really surfing!  Although this isn't a class I could see myself doing on a regular basis, I did enjoy it and would go back as a drop in and to introduce fitness friends to something new and fun!  Thank you to Surfset and Yelp!
