5	Really great! Much safer than backyard trampoline. Dodgeball, foam pit and lots more!
4	I agree with the previous posts about a disorganized sign in.  If you have pre-paid for a time slot, get there early!  Not quite sure what the issues are there - perhaps too many fields to enter on a computer screen.  Maybe there's a learning curve for the staff.I took a 3 year old and two 5 year olds.  I was disappointed that the kiddie area was not open yet (website didn't say that).  Luckily my 3-yr-old is fearless and was not intimidated by the teenagers.  I also jumped with her.I thought it was great fun, both for my kids and myself.  We enjoyed watching the older kids who can do more tricks.  I plan to take my husband back as this is right up his alley.  I've been calling this place Monkey Joe's for teenagers.  It's expensive, but do-able for once-in-a-while activity.Tips:  We went one afternoon during school vacation.  It was crowded, but not insane.  We had a 4:00 jump time  (did not pre-register online) but they weren't really checking times, so we got to jump for more than an hour.You can wear shoes or go barefoot, but no socks (too slippery I guess).There is currently nowhere to hang bags or coats.  People lined them up on the floor.Wear short-sleeves - it was a mild humid day and we were really hot.
4	Agree with the disorganized check in but as far as when your in, it's sooooo much fun. You won't be able to suppress the inner kid in you! It's as safe as can be for a  trampoline place and monitored pretty well. Definitely beats having one in your back yard. Absolutley must reserve online, those who didn't had to come back several hours later. It did appear to open prematurely since the kiddie jump wasn't ready and they didn't have lockers. We were told evetually they would get them. Otherwise the 3 areas was enough. The kids, and myelf, cannot wait to go back.
4	This 40,000 foot trampoline park allows children and adults to jump around to their heart's desire. There are three main areas including a mosh pit filled with soft sponge-like squares and an area to play dodge ball. Of course, there is open play for anyone who wants to bounce around freely and organized activities like AIRobics, a low impact exercise class for others.
5	This place is so much fun - even for older "kids". I was a little disappointed as to how many children under the age of 5 were in the main jump area, but what can you expect at a trampoline park? The foam pit and dodgeball areas were by far the most popular with our group yesterday.The staff was not only friendly but also very helpful. The entire building was kept extremely clean as well. For only $10/hour, Sky High is a great option for cheap fun! I had an absolute blast!
4	WOW! That's really all I have to say...OK not really so allow me to continue. This place is Monkey Joe's big brother. The saying, "the kids are jumping off the walls" literally applies to this place. My daughter had a blast running shoulder first into the trampoline walls just to be catapulted back onto the ground. Doesn't sound fun? Try it! It's sure to make you giggle.This place offers trampolines, a foam pit and a place for dodge ball (my sons favorite). There are children and adults of all ages running, jumping, screaming and sweating. There is also plenty of staff monitoring the kids which was nice to see. It's a controlled kaos and the different colored wrist bands they make you wear maintains crowd control. For the non jumpers there is an area of comfy chairs AND ottomans that face multiple flat screen TVS for your viewing pleasure. Or you can nap like the lady next to me was. Seriously? How can one sleep with the noise level at deafening? The check in desk is a ZOO, so beware! First timers like us had to register at one area then walk over to another line and wait to be checked in again, pay (if you didn't pay online) and get your wrist bands. The place opens at 11am. We were there at 11am on the dot and there were at least 40-50 people either jumping already or in the check in line. I totally did not understand how that worked out. What impressed me the most was at three different times I saw staff wiping down the place with disinfecting wipes. I mean they hit everything from the chairs to the railings and even the drink machines. Needless to say the place is very clean!
5	This place is fantastic!!! It exceeded my expectations, by far. There were three main areas that you could access: a trampoline section, a foam pit, and a dodgeball arena. All three were great in it's own way.Trampoline section:This area was the most popular, with people jumping all over the place. The referees were great about keeping kids (and adults!) safe without being annoying. There are trampolines on the walls, so it's a great area to test out the laws of physics.Foam pit:MY FAVORITE. This section was the most fun because you got the rush of flying high off a trampoline while the safety of a giant plushy pit of foam to land into. I am no gymnist, but I was able to test out a few flips and tricks without injuring myself. Awesome.Dodgeball arena:This section impressed me with its ability to create equal teams out of 20 complete strangers. The referee divides up the players based on what he thinks is best and calls people out when they are hit. This eliminates those obnoxious cheaters that continue to stay in the game when they shouldn't. The age of players ranged from 3-27 and everyone still had a great time!I went on a Sunday, so I'm not sure if that was a "slow" day or not. I can see how the park would be less fun if it was really crowded, but I still had a blast and HIGHLY reccommend it to anyone that wants to let out their inner child.
4	The perfect spot for your kids to blow off some steam and get their heart rates going. My daughter loves coming here. Your kids will love Sky High, and adults are encourages to jump as well.A few things to keep in mind:Checking in can be a bit of a pain in the ass. You're encouraged to go to their website and book your time slot; you're offered spots every 30 minutes, and you can choose how much time you want. Once you get there, depending on the time of day - Saturdays are always crowded, so get there early - be prepared to wait at the check-in area. It's a bit disorganized, but once you're checked in and you get your wristband, you're good to go.Sky High keeps late hours, so you might want to bring the kids later on Fridays and Saturdays. Sundays are ideal, since it tends to be less crowded. More space to jump.It does get pretty loud there, so if really bad music pumped over loudspeakers is an irritant to you, bring earplugs. Just a suggestion.The best I can say about Sky High is that there's plenty of fun stuff to keep your kids occupied and engaged. The trampoline section is always a blast, but be sure to send your kids to the foam pit (basically, you jump off a trampoline into a plushy foam pit - acrobatics highly encouraged) and the Dodgeball arena. My 5-year-old loves Dodgeball. Mind you, she's not very good at it, and the rules are a bit fuzzy for her, but throwing a ball at someone is something she seems to love the hell out of!Best of all, Sky High is safe, and, surprisingly, clean and well-kept. And a great place to channel your inner gymnast.
5	I'm a big kid trapped in a short girls body, and my inner child pops out ALL the time. I'm a self proclaimed nerd and I couldn't be happier! However, I've realized in my 30's that metabolism slows down, and I don't want to become a fat, big kid. LOL So I've been looking for the perfect workout to keep her spry and full of energy like when I truly was a child. I've tried everything from Zumba to Insanity for my workout and the problem is that my inner child had ADD. We start a workout and then something else shiny appears to her and she wants to run after it for a time.... Insanity was the latest and we stuck with that one for awhile due to the results, but it hurt my joints pretty badly. I think even the adult me had a case of the ooh shiney's after that. What I discovered is that there is such a thing as Airobics. OMG. Can you say AMAZINGGGGGGG????? I laughed so hard I was snorting... This workout was so much fun and it was just awesome! It hardly felt like a workout and more like a fun day out from my youth! The class is only $7 and it lasts for a about an hour. It's every Tuesday and Thursday, and it's walk in only. The class starts at 7 and ends at 8. Don't get me wrong, it still kicked my butt. My back and muscles were all sore for about 2 days afterwards, but it was WORTH IT. If you want to relive your trampoline glory days this is the place. You will hop and jump and get that heart rate up! I seriously think the pounds will fall off pretty quickly doing this one. Oh, there are lockers there too, for .50 and bathrooms to change if need be.
5	I went here earlier today and had a blast! It felt odd at first because everyone else jumping around me are in grade school and me....quite past it. I am proud to admit that a little kid is trapped in my body. Strongly suggest booking online. Long line when you pay upfront.
4	I get together with a group of friends once or twice a month to play adult trampoline dodge-ball.  It's great!  As an adult, I couldn't remember the last time I had jumped on a trampoline.  The first time I went I was out of breath within the first 10 min.  You have so much fun and it is such a good work out.  Just like with any sports there are some risks, but play responsibly and you shouldn't have any problems.  I recommend booking the court a head of time, as it isn't always available.  I think you can play with up to 20 adults, however I don't recommend more than 16 (just because of space and play time).  The price is fare and is easily what you would spend at a movie for one.  Try it. You will have such a great time!
4	If you are over the age of 15, go on a weekday.  It is always pretty relaxed during the week.  I have never been here on the weekend but from talking to the people that work here, I will never go here on the weekends.  From what I hear it is packed with children on the weekends.  I had to stop going here because of my back.  I guess I'm just getting old.
4	This place can be fun for everyone.  I love the trampoline dodgeball events that they have.  The aerobics classes are much more exhausting than you would ever think.  Its a great way to change up your exercise program.  Check out the dodgeball events, great way to meet some new people and be a kid again.  They do not have locker rooms though, so please keep that in mind.  Hopefully that is something they can add in the future.
5	Calling all wanna-be gymnasts, non-helicopter parents, oblivious dads, and kids in need of some nap preparation.  Sky High is the place for you.Checking in is pretty simple if you've been here before...if not...get ready to sign a paper that relinquishes liability for the potential impaling and or death of your child.  I'm pretty sure this also covers an oblivious dad smashing into your child.This place is loud and totally crazy!  I'd imagine that this place would be difficult to deal with if you're a stressed out, anal retentive parent.  You probably shouldn't be here.  This place is least crowded later in the day if you want to come anyhow.Sky high is chock full of things to do.  From the enormous trampoline city to the Tarzan swing into the foam pit, this place will surely work your kids into nap time. Guess what?  Sick of all those birthday parties at Chuck-E-Cheese or Monkey Joe's?  Here's another option for a birthday party.  You pay...they do everything else.  It's a pretty good show.Lastly, just avoid bringing cash or quarters to begin with.  You'd think that kids with a ton of super fun, active things to do, might...just might...avoid gluing their eyes to the video games attached to the wall...but you'd be remiss.  Just don't do it.  Didn't you bring your kids here to tear them away from your iPad to begin with?Try:  Sitting and watching the game in the parent lounge while the animals run wildAvoid:  Bringing your kids to let them play video games
5	I could not get my kids to leave the trampolines! The place is very spacious so O never noticed long lines or waiting. Their neon birthday rooms are very popular and the staff is always friendly. I will keep bringing my kids.
5	Where else can you go as an adult and throw something at a 6-year old child and not get in trouble for it? The age range in dodgeball really was approximately 6 to 32 years old playing in the same game (don't judge that awesome 32 year old...he threw the ball left handed most of the time). Why don't more places offer dodgeball? The trampoline really doesn't do much for the game itself other than give you something to do while waiting for the balls to be thrown. I tried for a high-bounce ninja throw, but it didn't work out.We went on a Monday night and it seems like the perfect time to go. There were probably only 20 jumpers total that night and most were in the dodgeball room leaving free reign over the large trampoline room for wall to wall racing. The staff was pretty good. It was nice having a dodgeball ref and the girl in the big room would even call out "Go" for the start of our races in between telling us what we were not supposed to be doing (no sitting down).The foam pit is fun for one jump or swing, but then you realize how many gross fluids have probably been soaked up by the foam and you quickly want out. Tips: 1. Do not try bouncing on your knees, it will cause immediate turf-burn like symptoms.2. Play dodgeball3. You will be tired after 10 minutes of bouncing, so you likely won't need more than 1 hour. 4. Go on a weekday. At least it worked well for us.  5. Don't avoid going because you think you are too old to go jump on trampolines. It is a ridiculously good workout and a lot of fun. 6. Have ibuprofen for the next day. My abs, back and shoulders were all sore. This was the best $10 i have spent in years. Enjoy.
4	I believe I can fly in my R.Kelly SpaceJam soundtrack voice.My family is an Active family & on weekends I try to switch up our activity from riding bikes, taking walks, bowling, etc.. This past weekend was no different & I searched online for something to do as we are new to NC & find it to be pretty boring. We are from BIG cities (NYC & Chicago) & there is plenty to do ALL DAY EVERYDAY.Sky High Sports was just what the doctor ordered for some Saturday Family Fun.. My husband, daughter and I jumped until we were soak and wet which by the way didn't take long as I work out regularly and my body is big on removing toxins (sweating) ;-)My husband became a believer about 5 minutes into jumping, he was sure that jumping up and down was NOT ACTIVE considering that he has jumped on a trampoline before. I tried and tried to tell him that it's definitely work and he would soon see. When I tell you he had to take a 15 minute break after 3-5 minutes jumping to drink a 1pint water and wipe his sweat and catch his breath, HE DID.. My teenage fit, track running daughter had the same reality check with her allergen asthma which inflames when she is in a confined, dusty area for long periods of time while active. Asthma pump to the rescue on this day...We walked around the facility while trying to cool off before going out into the cold WET. There are a ton of children in this place so one must be careful walking around. They have tables in the back where they do birthday parties, there is a Laser Tag room, dodge ball, etc.. We only experienced the jump zone however I'm sure we will go back in the future.NOTE: You can not go into the jump zone with socks on, you can ONLY wear sneakers or go barefoot (GROSS). I had to go to DSW up the road to buy shoes because I had on dress shoes and socks and was told that I couldn't jump in my dress shoes or socks and I refused to catch Athletes Feet inside the jumper. Pros:Great Family FunFitness involved with FunFamily OrientedCons:SMELLS like FEETCan be crowdedExtremely a TON of small children running around recklessly (they are only having fun, however you have to pay attention and be very careful while trying to have FUN).
4	Being the adults that we are, we went for a friend's surprise (25th) birthday party. We were instructed to meet at 7pm on a Tuesday night. Finding the facility was easy and there was ample parking. We created an electronic account and filled out a paper waiver. Jump times are sold in one hour increments ($10.50 during the week, higher on the weekend) and start every 1/2 hour. We warmed up on the main trampoline. Half of it was off limits because they had an AIRobics class going. We still had a plenty of room to jump but I could see it becoming sketchy if it was busier. After a few minutes, we were all sweating. Man, what a workout! We all took a few turns at jumping into the foam pit. Fun, but gross... I don't even want to think about all the nasty stuff on those foam blocks that I threw my face in to. Dodgeball was definitely the highlight of the visit. There were 14 in our group and we were definitely the majority. I could see the lines getting really backed up on busier days. The facility itself is huge. In addition to the "main" area they have arcade games, private courts, a kids jump area, a birthday party area, and a food court. There was even an area with large flat screens and comfy seating where you could watch video feeds of the jumping areas along with the news. Overall, I would definitely return but I would probably avoid this place on weekends.
1	This place is disgusting.Went to this place for a kid's party recently --- when you have kids, you go to a lot of parties at places like this.  Went to Sports Connection in Ballantyne last month for a party and that place was fun!If you're under the age of ten, I think this place is going to be a lot of fun.  If you're a concerned parent, you might be disappointed.  When I was there, the bathrooms were COMPLETELY DISGUSTING.  Urine all around the toilets.  No soap to wash your hands.  This is made worse by the fact that your kids are allowed to use the trampolines with or without shoes.  So there are dozens and dozens of kids running around in barefeet.  And going to the potty in their barefeet.  And then having to try to navigate small rivers of urine in the toilet in their barefeet --- and probably not being too careful.  And then tracking that stuff out the door and back to the play areas where your toddler is bouncing and falling down and rubbing their hands and their faces on the trampolines.... see what I mean?It's made worse by the snack stand.  I don't think I have to describe how un-appetizing the "wings" and "hotdogs" appear to be.  I wouldn't have thought about going to the snack stand except it was obvious the pizza for the kids wasn't going to be enough for any of the parents to get any ...Final thing --- more related to the party setup.  They have several picnic style tables set aside for the kid's parties.  It looks like your party gets one set of two tables together which is next to the other sets of tables for other parties.  Get ten kids and presents and cake together, and there is no room for the parents to sit.  It's also hardly private at all and you may have to contend with another party right next to yours, bumping into other parents who don't have any place to sit down while you're trying to find some space to take photos of YOUR party.  Very crowded and chaotic.The party we went to at Sports Connection in Ballantyne was the opposite --- bouncy houses instead of trampolines, but much better organized, lots of food for everyone, separate room for the party including seating for the parents --- and much cleaner!From a kid's perspective, this place is fun.  But I'm not going to any more parties here --- very chaotic and it seemed like a lot of the staff were walking around w/o much direction or purpose, especially when the bathrooms are so completely overlooked.  Maybe nobody wants bathroom duty?  I guess if most of your staff is teenagers, I could understand the reluctance.
2	I am giving Sky High Sports a 2 because of it's disastrous check in process, it's totally confusing and not made clear.  I took my son and a friend there and we drove a long way to get there.  Once in the long line it is totally confusing, check in times. you don't know where to go, what to do and when I finally did get up to the desk I had my son and his friend with me.   I was told at that point (this is the first time I heard about this) there was no sign on the door or anything) that I could not bring the friend in because I was not his mother.  That's never happened to me anywhere, Monkey Joes, Bounce U, I never heard of such a thing. Perhaps I should have researched that on the website? I don't even know if it's posted on there but I thought it was an odd rule and if that's the rule that's fine but it should have been made clear, I drove a long way and waited in a crazy line forever just to be made aware of that when I get to the front of the line.  Not fair! We left and went right around the corner to Moneky Joes.  As a parent, an adult I wasn't use to being talked to in a disrespectful manor by a teenage staff member behind the counter. I was a little taken a back by that.  As far as the jumping, I give that a great review, dodge ball is awesome, kids have fun, it seems safe, parents can sit in cozy big chairs and watch their children jump on big screen TV's. So if you get past the check in process you will have a great time!
3	Our friends had a birthday party for their 6 year old yesterday and my review is based on the facility and the birthday party experience. I filled out the online waiver for my 2 kids (6 & 3) prior to arriving which is recommended so we didn't have to endure that process when we showed up.  The facility is huge, it was a furniture warehouse / store (Purple Picket?) before so there is plenty of room.  It's a bit overwhelming at first with all of the trampoline sections, games and food court.  Once you get settled in there is a private space for little kids with trampolines, a "basketball" section, dodgeball, and 3 areas where you can either bounce or rope swing into foam pits.  Most adults are thinking "They didn't have places like this when I was growing up!"Everyone had a great time, including the adults.  My kids most enjoyed the foam pits and we got plenty of cool pictures.  The birthday party experience for the kids was just OK IMO.  The party coordinator (Denver) was pretty non existent and un informative.  She didn't provide much direction and everyone was pretty on their own.  The pizza they served from in house was pretty decent.  The bathrooms were filthy and unkempt.  The monitoring staff were ok and like most places with untrained, entitled kids as the staff they need to do a better job with enthusiasm.
2	I find this place boring. It's entertaining sure but I expected more figuring so many people talk about it. All you do is jump around on a thousand trampolines. Not for toddlers I don't think. More for older kids. We stayed a little then came to monkey joes. I find it to be a lot more fun and entertaining. Definitely keeps my son busy for quite a few hours.
