3	Wow - I am super sleepy! That is a frequent occurrence when I eat at a Filly B's. It must be the magical combination of tortilla, meat and grease or perhaps a secret ingredient that makes me feel this way - but within 20 minutes I am ready for a nap. It is a struggle when I go for lunch, but just write the day off if I get a breakfast burrito in the morning!This location is new, replacing Moe's a few months ago. The store is clean and the staff friendly. The food arrives quickly. I think it is a good portion for the price. I get a number 2 (taco & burrito combo) and I have never been able to finish it. The chips and salsa are free (I go with the tomatillo) and drink refills are free.  The rating would be a little higher perhaps, if not for the 60 cent surcharge for using your debit card.If you are having trouble sleeping, come get a burrito here - it isn't just me. I have taken live sample surveys of people I know and they all are sleepy after eating Filbertos. Sweet dreams!
1	The theme of today's Yelp is: Know Thyself.Know thyself, filibertos.  Here's what you aren't: Houston's.  I don't need an open kitchen and I certainly don't need to wait for thirty minutes to get my burrito.Know thyself: you aren't so busy that you need to give out numbers and then call out the orders by their numbers only.  Hey, lady: no one wants the receipt.  We throw it away once you hand it to us.  We earnestly wish you never gave it to us in the first place.  So no, we don't remember the number.  We don't understand why you're so annoyed that no one is responding to you when you call out some number.  I ordered a sausage burrito, not a 1473, so I don't know why you're yelling out numbers and looking huffy.Furthermore, give us some visual cue: for example, if you ask me if I want it for here or to go, and I choose "for here," I won't think that a burrito in a paper bag is mine, no matter what number you're calling.Know thyself: at every other Filibertos, the food *is* the entertainment.  We go there to drown in a bliss that can only be made up of butter/greasy butter substitute and delightfulness.  Not for the TVs.  And when you have two TVs next to each other, you don't need the volume on for both.  Because this creates, at best, an Echo Effect.  This effect makes whoever is talking sound like God in some deus ex machina stage presentation.  Which is terrifying when it's the voice of Bill Austin on Beth and Bill.  I can only assume I have kicked one too many innocent dogs (I never kick dogs) and I am roasting in hell.  I would now like to trade in the eternity of Beth and Bill for an eternity of sixth degree burns, please.Here is the quintessential failure of this Filibertos: the food is shit.  The green sauce has the consistency of applesauce--a fact which makes me want to puke.  The burrito was filled with what can only be fake eggs, and tons of them.  Not much in the way of sausage and I'm pretty sure it was made of something that used to be someone's pet.  And the river of cheese on the side had coagulated.  Worst of all, the nefarious garlic monster has once again shat in my mouth and I now see plants wilting in my wake.Don't ever go to this place.  Use your mighty dollar vote and go elsewhere.  Because all the good that Filibertos has done in this world is under threat by this fucking impostor.--------My wife read the review, and by "read" I mean listened while I read it to her, and she fears I might be giving all Filibertos a bad name.  No.  Only this one sucks.  She says you should go to the one on McQueen and Pecos, and she is, as usual, right.
3	unlike my friend RZ i somewhat like this filibertos...somewhati somewhat don't mind the yelling of numbers. hispanic girls yelling is usually a turn on to me. so she can get huffy and yell numbers, names, insults, oh papi's  i don't care. i like it.what it is lacking is a good carne asada burrito. i don't know why all the drive thru ones i have gone too get it right..this one is just wet and sloppy and missing some flavor...dunno. plus the pico gives me heart burn.
1	first time i ate here, they gave me chicken when i ordered beef. i had taken it to go so nothing i could do.just ate here again for lunch, now i feel . . . kinda high or drunk or something. almost hallucinogenic . . . and not in a good way. though the toilet did just help me feel better.
3	This is the cleanest, fanciest Filiberto's of all time.  I feel like I should be wearing a suit and tie when I dine here.  Where is the valet parking?With all of its fanciness this is still Filiberto's and one five rolled taco plate doesn't differ no matter what the interior looks like.  If you are a fan of greasy food Fili B's is the place to go.  It is cheap mexican food that best hits the spot while in a state of inebriation.
4	Holy crap, this Filibertos is fancy!  This is the one Filibertos that is actually *like* a real rest-a-rant-ae!  Most Filibertos that I know are little shacks, some with walk ups, some with drive thru's, some with both.  This one?  Actually has TABLES and an INSIDE!  HOLY CRAP!  Amazing!I know this place has been open for a while, but never really went to this location since there's like a zillon around town.  I came here very early this morning after doing a 3 mile walk for MS with some of my new co-workers.  Fortunately, they open early, and I was hungry!I cruised in here and was pretty much the only person here.  Same full menu that you would get at all the other locations, but this place actually has tables and a salsa bar.  They even have an outdoor patio!  *gasp*I ordered the macaca (I think thats how to spell it) breakfast platter and man, was it HUGE!  I mean, I'm not a huge fan of Filibertos, but they do give you tons of really good food for a really cheap price, and its filling.  I couldn't even finish it.I like that they have this sit down location.  It's a nice change for them, and makes me feel more comfortable instead of having to carry everything out.I will gladly return in the future when I'm in the area, and its the nicest Filibertos I've seen since living here!
4	Had to show my friends this place just to prove to them there is a filly-B's where you can eat on the table without worrying about diseases.  Nice staff, salsa bar, and delicious, cheap, filling mexican food (everything you look for in a FillyB's).  All Phoenicians know FillyB's are big time hit or miss and this one is a home run.  When I get if it 4 stars keep in mind I am comparing it to other fast food mexican stands.  with that in mind, it would get a 5 except that it isn't 24/7 which is half the appeal of any establishment that has erto's on the end of it.  Just in case you were expecting a greasy drunk meal tell you DD to save his gas because it won't be open at 3 AM like you'd expect.
3	A friend told me I needed to check it out. Not a wow moment. I think if you're craving a quick Mexican fix this is the place for it.
3	This Filiberto's almost got 4 stars from me and here's why:1) The location itself looks "fancy" as another Yelper had mentioned, compared to other Filiberto's I've been to; and it seemed pretty clean AT FIRST GLANCE.  2) I came in with a coupon (from Avondale) for the Big Juan.  It wasn't on their regular menu, the girl had no idea what it was, but she went to ask the cook if he could make it anyway.  I'm so glad they did that for me because it was a combination of mouthgasmic goodness! Carne asada, rice, beans, bacon, guac, sour cream, and ciliantro all in a giant burrito!  The bacon might have been a bit much, but it was good for the first two bites. But why did I bring them down to a 2.5, you might ask?  I think I must have been super hungry when I first walked in, because it wasn't until I was halfway through my burrito when I saw how filthy the lid was on my cup of horchata was... dust and particles that look like crumbs.. and colors of stickiness... Makes me question what kind of care was put into my food.  Do they just leave their ingredients laying around in the open for particles of random crap to fall into or let flies take their craps? Probably won't be going into a Filiberto's for awhile unless I'm being dragged into one. Bumped my rating up to 3 stars since this was my first disgusting experience with this restaurant... hoping they redeem themselves if I just so happen to pop in here again in the far future.
4	very clean, deliscious food, extremely friendly!!
4	Carne asda fry! OMG!
4	Great location! It good to see corporate office dweebs get a chance to try some decent Mexican fast food. Free chips and salsa are mue bueno and the food is consistent with their other locations. Can't go wrong with any of their menu items. 99 cent daily specials are cool.
1	I used to go the this restaurant, when it was a Moe's.  Moe's went out of business, and Filiberto's does what Filiberto's does.   It took over a defunct restaurant, and started selling cheap Mexican food there.  I had never eaten at a Filiberto's, or any other 'berto's in the Valley, so I begged my lunch group to go there.  Entering the restaurant, it had a rotting seafood smell.  I don't know what it was from, but it detrimental to the experience.  I ordered the red chili burro, it is my benchmark food for Mexican restaurants.  The red chili was chewy, under cooked, and lacking in flavor.  My other lunch mates did not have any better experience than I did.  This place is a definite "NO !!!" in my book, and in the minds of the other members of my lunch group.  There are other restaurants at that strip mall.  If you find yourself there, do yourself a favor, go to Pizza Roma, or Haiku Grill, or Sami's Gyros, or Port of Subs.  They are all superior to really bad Mexican at Filiberto's.
4	OK. So I'm not giving this Filiberto's five stars simply because it's a Filiberto's. But I'm giving it four stars because (after two visits) it seems to be consistent, clean and pretty damn awesome.After numerous disappointing visits to other valley Filiberto's because of gross amounts of meat in my country burritos and incorrect orders, I decided to give this location a try because I recently started working nearby. I'm diggin it.The country burritos are near-perfect and the hot sauce is always fresh. It's always well-staffed, too.BONUS: They have different 99 cent specials every day of the week, and you can choose any of them on Friday!I'm still going to remain skeptical of most other Filiberto's locations, but I'd say this one is going to see my at least twice / week for a while (for better or worse). I need my hot sauce fix! What can I say?
2	I came in here hoping to experience a delicious carne asada torta.  On the other hand, the carne asada was very hard to chew and not pleasing to the taste.  The restaurant's interior is clean and inviting with TV screens.  Many business professionals make up the lunch time customer base.  I was just dissapointed with the carne asada.
2	Slow, slow, service. Did I mention it's slow? The food was fine, but not worth waiting 30 minutes for it. Go somewhere else if you have a hankering for Mexican and anywhere to be soon.
1	Holy smoke! This place is sooo slow! The people act like they don't want to work there.  Rude to customers.  Waited 20 minutes for rolled tacos, and I'm sure the wait would have been longer if I didn't ask about my order.  I won't burn up my lunch hour here ever again!
1	Went to this joint while passing through...how can you get Mexican food SOOOOO wrong?!?!  This place absolutely sucks...the place is huge but run-down...there is nothing authentic about this place...my kids and I absolutely hated this place...very, very, very disappointed...no wonder the place was absolutely empty...I think this place used to be a Carl's Jr., it has the same set up as the ones built in the 80's...I wish it was STILL a Carl's Jr., I would at least have had a decent meal...avoid this place at ALL costs...
2	First the positives about the place, its close to offices and the light rail stop. The restaurant and patio were clean. The staff was helpful in explaining the item on the menu. The menu had lots of choices to pick from, burritos, tacos, salads, individual items and even a daily special. The negatives, the food was just ok and the price was about $10 a person w drink for the combo i got. I wasn't impressed w the salsa and chip bar, the salsa wasn't much more like tabasco sauce. Not really my type of fast food mexican food but if your looking for something that is 1 step up from Taco Bell this might be up your alley. The wait to get your meal is pretty crazy, i'd say we waiting about 10 minutes for fast food mexican food that is just ok i'll pass next time
5	This location is a brand new one, opened a few months ago, right acrossed the street from where I work...so, I decided to walk over on my lunchbreak yesterday and try one of their lunch specials and I'm glad I did! They have a Five for $5 lunch special and I gave their Junior Chimichanga a try. It's a smaller version of their Chimichanga plate and just as tasty too. It comes with beans and rice, guacamole, and sour cream...very, very good! They have a nice open restaurant with many seats and tables and also seats and tables outside for beautiful spring and fall days when the weather isn't hot. There is a chip and salsa bar for your eating pleasure as well, so I will have to remember to try that with my next meal from there at lunchtime. Their staff is very friendly and accomodating and provides fantastic service. The place gets packed at lunch too, so you know they're doing the right things here. This is a very popular place with the crew I work with, so that alone speaks volumes as far as I'm concerned!
3	First time at this Filiberto's and ordered to go. Got an Adobado plate, rolled taco plate and five rolled tacos for $21. Not bad. It was pretty full but the line moved fast. The order arrived in 11 minutes. The rolled tacos were received well. Lots of yummy sounds coming from those guys. I had the Adobado and it was pretty dry. The tortilla was very dry, so I'm guessing the to go order got the second rate stuff. Too bad because Adobado can be so good. These guys need to work on timing.
1	Nobody in the restaurant.   My wife ordered a chicken  salad and I ordered a #10.  They only made the chicken salad -- just disgusting.  You couldn't tell if it was actually chicken. I had to ask again for my #10. The chicken tacos were impossible to tell if they were chicken.  The lady that presented the order couldn't recall that there were two meals in the order.  She actually challenged me and I has to show her my receipt.  As I said -- nobody else in the restaurant!  Just inedible.    Looking at the signs outside, it appears that this used to be another restaurant.  The same fate awaits this place.  Just terrible.
4	This is actually the nicest Filibertos I've ever been to.  Most of them are divey or just drive thrus with some outdoor seating. This one was clean and more modern inside.The service was decent, but nothing to write home about.They had chips and salsa, which I've never seen at a  Filibertos.I got the carne asada burrito, which was larger than the ones from Nico's in Tucson.  I couldn't finish mine. Since there are no Nico's in Phoenix, Filibertos is a good runner up.
