4	If you are a lady, Who doesn't like to have at least one of Mac's Cosmetics in their vanity drawer? I've been a fan of MAC since 1994 and I've been collecting quiet a few cosmetics from'em. I love their eye shadows, glitters, eyeliners, lipsticks, and of course their make up brushes,,amazing amazing! I was looking for a replacement of my matte finished cheek blusher for a while(I've been using 'Anna Sui's Face Color 301' & finally I hit the pan!). I was browsing around at the Macy's @Fashion Show Mall on Black Friday and the lady at the MAC asked if I wanted anything for this Holidays. Oh well, I asked her what I was looking for and she recommended two items: Sheer tone Blush 'Pink Swoon'(matte finish cheek color) & Cremesheen Glass 'Boy Bait' (an ultra sheer and moist lipgloss with a creamy finish,, close to the baby pink color,, might be good for over any lipstick or pairing with smokey make-ups). Sometimes, I can be annoyed by a person who tries to sell the product to me that I don't even need at the moment, but the person @MAC counter, she was very helpful and gave me some private moment to play around by myself with their make-up displays...It isn't a big MAC store comparing to other locations, but every time I'm looking for something, they usually have it in stock including some of the popular items. I had a Christmas Party to attend this month and I was very pleased how my make up turned out by using the new MAC's blusher & lipgloss that I've purchased. I hope everyone have some fun time looking fabulous using their favorite cosmetics for the Holiday events this year :P **My picture showing.. Blot pressed powder(my all time favorite!), Pink Spoon Blusher(new), Boy Bait creamsheer glass, Bark eye shadow(Taupe color and I use this eye shadow the most), Blacktrack gel eyeliner(for smokey eyes), gel eye liner brush 203, Hue lipstick (nude color & good for layering with Boy Bait) ***P.S. Thanks to my friend on Yelp, Jade W., she gave me a tons of beauty consultation in the past~
4	Located inside Macy's at the Fashion Show Mall.This makeup brand is very popular. There used to be so few MAC counters, but now, they are all over (yay!). I started off with the studio fix powder foundation, concealer, eye shadows, blush, and makeup brushes- the best! Then I really love their lipsticks and lipliners- long lasting color and so flattering to most skin tones (i'm medium beige, asian). Another reason I love the brand is because when you recycle 6 MAC containers, you will get a free full-size tube of lipstick, a retail value $15.00, excluding the Viva Glam line (charity). Went here last night because I had a Macy's gift card burning a whole in my pocket (birthday gift), and got a few goodies- two lipsticks, Twig & Viva Glam V and one lipliner, Spice- the perfect neutral. Usually, I go to the outlets (past season, but cheaper), but I splurged this time (love those gift cards!). I've been checking the site online for colors. I forgot my list, but I think I found some winners.It's always so bright at the MAC counter (so you can see the colors, duh), with vibrant music, so the vibe is always so upbeat (usually pretty loud). Male or female, the cosmetics clerks are always wearing an arsenal of MAC makeup, so I always feel a little underdressed so to speak, because it's not like I wear a smoky eye as an everyday look. But they are helpful and nice, and they are performing makeovers on other customers, so, it works. The one helping me last night was very nice.
5	I've been a fan of MAC for years eventhough I don't wear make-up all the time.  They have the best shades of lipstick, blush and eyeshadow.  Their brushes last a long time.  Their foundation and powders aren't cakey at all and don't irritate my skin.The ladies that work at MAC anywhere are really helpful.  My last experience was at this location inside Fashion Show Mall.  There's a shade of lipstick that I've been looking for for a long time since I lost it when I was traveling.  To make my search more challenging, I couldn't remember the name of the color.  The lady behind the counter was extremely patient with me.  She showed me different shades of lipstick, blurted out names that might ring a bell.  Then she brought me to a part of the store and there it was...the right pink lipstick I've been looking for!  *angels singing and a bright light shining upon THE ONE*I was soooo happy!  Thank you for being patient with the-most-difficult-customer-of-the-day!
4	I usually go to town square or caesars locations but was in the neighborhood and needed a different shade lipstick.... Viva glam is for a good cause...The customer service was excellent, she helped me and gave me input on the best shades for me. They had what I wanted in stock. They had the new displays and if you want they will even do your makeup like at the other shops. The loss of a star is because the lack of pigment selection, this location is more convenient but I guess if I want my eye pigments still will have to hike to Caesars as they have more extensive selection with all the professional products.
5	The best place in Vegas to get pretty!  Excellent customer service and fabulous make up. Ask for Valen she is the best. She is fast knowledgable and highly skilled. She has done my make up numerous times and I always leave looking amazing. She has helped me find the best products and colors for my skin type and how to highlight my best features.  I never go to Vegas without making time to stop by MAC Nordstrom. Its my favorite place to stock up on the latest MAC products and get professional advice from their artists.
5	Went to this MAC (in Nordstrom) last weekend to get my makeup done with some friends before going out. We booked early appointments (before 6pm) so there wasn't a wait. It was the first time I've ever had my makeup professionally done and I was a teensy bit nervous that I'd walk out with super dark eyebrows and makeup that didn't compliment me, but no need to worry, because my MUA was fabulous! She walked me through everything she was doing and asked for my input on all makeup choices. I came out looking (and feeling) amazing!  If you go, ask for Tazia!  She is really sweet and super talented. Thanks again, Tazia!! :)
1	I went to the mac pro store in the forum shops in Caesars palace and I was super excited because not only is Caesars a beautiful place but I had never been to a mac store before. So..I walk in and right off top there's a girl working with medium long hair and tattoos on her arms and hand and she looked at me and looked away and nd when she looked at me I smiled and said hi and she looked away then I kept looking at her like...hey? And she's like hi. Really quickly and walked away. So off top I was like Damn this is bad. Because I work in retail I work at a macs makeup counter and I freelance for mac at their counters so I know when the girls are going to be rude because they don't hunk you'll buy and lot because of ur appearance because I've heard mac girls bitch and out it before. Also this mac store is located in the forum shops in Las vegas...where they have Louis vuitton prada Henry Bendel and versace so they usually I guess see people with money or who have a lot of shopping bags. Well I was only going there to see the a store and look at the products I don't see back home cuz the pro store is so far away Anyway so now I'm looking at my favorite thing which is lipsticks and this chubby Asian girl comes over to me and says let me know if u Wana try anything on and walks away I'm like o.....kay? So after walking around the store for like 20 min just staring at shit not getting help from anyone my dad comes in and says hey and so I'm like okay I better hurry up and just choose what I want so we stand at the line where there is only 2 customers being checked out and there r like 4 mac workers just out on the floor working on selling to their customers I stood in a line of like 2 people for about  15 minutes then I walked away cuz i was like this is new be going to end. So once it's done with I went up to the counter and was standing there a way nd 2 mac girls came up and said....do u need something? I'm like yeah....I need this this this and this...like u guys r supposed to b grabbing my product I don't go grab it myself Idk where the hell u keep it. So then that happened and the bitch ringing me up with the tat on her hand and arms didn't even make eye contact with me she just glanced up and was frowning the whole time and like didn't say hardly anything to me. And my dad was standing right there he was about ready to say something because they were just being and acting so rude it was the WORST customer service I've ever experienced.  I wouldn't ever go there again
4	I'm always a fan of MAC but hate their customer service... There's a pregnant girl at this one that I love!!! Her name starts with an M I think. Anyway, 4 stars for her!!!
1	Terrible customer service! I was waiting to have my foundation matched, and was told to wait a few minutes! Waited for at least 15 minutes or more, and during that time not one person asked me if I needed help! Finally, someone came to help me and handed me a wipe and told me to take my makeup off! That's all he said! He then put foundation on me and told me to go look at it in the mirror, when I get back he is on the phone seeing that I'm waiting for him! He never got off the phone so I left and found help somewhere else! I will not be back!
