4	Ross Dress for Less is the retail closeout and overstock Mecca in my humble opinion. Yea, there is TJ Maxx and Marshalls, but Ross has the lowest prices.  They are located in the Windsor shopping center, near the Ross and Outback.Unlike TJMaxx that pretends to be a department store, Ross is a no-frills place to get name-brand clothes.  The selection is somewhat less, but the quality and prices are better.  You'll spend less time sorting through what you don't want at Ross.  I have snagged some quality Calvin Klein and Levi's Jeans for less than $15 and collared shirts for less than $10.  The men's shoe section has alot of trendy casual shoes and athletic shoes.  The store itself tends toward casual, but the dress shirts, slack, and ties aren't a laughing matter.   I would highly recommend that you go during the week or early mornings on the weekend.  Otherwise, you will inundated with other shoppers and their kids. There are normally long  lines at the cash register, but the staff is generally friendly and competent.  This is random, but I need to insert it somewhere-they have an awesome kitchen utensil/appliance section.  Not a lot of electronics, but if you want to impress your significant other with an Italian stove-top  espresso maker or equip a kitchen with culinary-quality cooking utensils, this is your stop!
4	Ross reminds me of that game you played as a kid, needle in the haystack. I stop in just about every couple of weeks and I'll find some really great deals. Working in uptown Charlotte every day can take some $ out of your wardrobe budget. Ross has some killer deals on business suits! Just last week I picked up two suits for under $70 both came lined and were really decent quality. As Seth mentioned they have an amazing kitchen gadget department.
3	If you've already exhausted your options at TJ Maxx and Marshalls, there is not any reason you should skip Ross - they are much the same, but generally seem to be a bit smaller, perhaps with a slightly better - and better organized - selectionI still haven't decided if that makes them better or worse. In many ways, Ross actually reminds me of a slightly larger thrift store, though you are likely buying new merchandise. At least, there's a chance that you're buying new merchandise. It is generally organized decently, and if you can find something, I highly suggest you grab it - because there is a very good chance it will not be there the next time you look (either on another visit, or even if you come back in a few minutes).That's just the way it is at Ross.
