5	I must say that I truly enjoy this new Dunkin Donuts location.  The food is fresh, the restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly.The place is open from 4:00 a.m. into the evening.  It is business friendly with free wifi.  It is id friendly with a small play area and coloring books.Moreover, the bathrooms are clean!A true oasis.
4	I took a new route to work this morning and decided to swing through the drive thru for a coffee and french crueler. The lady on the speaker was soooo friendly and didn't cut me off while I placed my order like my usual DD does. I got up to the window and was treated with more friendly service. I knocked them down a star, because just like my usual Dunkin D, this place has napkins on lock down as well and you have to ask for them. They must train them not to give napkins out unless requested. Weird.
3	Always run out of lemon.  Great coffee but better donuts at places like rainbow.
4	Let's see great coffee....great muffins....good service....coffee drinks need some work though. D&D never lets me down when it comes to plain ole american coffee....but there attempts at making coffee drinks to compete with Starbucks and even Mcdonald's for that matter come up lame. I tried for example the frozen hot chocolate the other day....taste like plain ole chocolate milk with whip cream. The coolatta's and other frozen drinks are not bad but Starbucks is much better.However with all that being said....no one makes a better cup of coffee.......... by fast food standards anyway..... than does D&D. The coupons I get every couple of weeks also rock because I can get that great coffee cake muffin they make for 99 cents. I also get get coupons for 1.00  off combos.....free doughnuts....and even 99 cent for large coffee's (although I never have that size...LOL). So if your looking for great coffee and maybe  a cheap breakfast to go along with it give D&D a try and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	No more Coolatta. The Coolatta machine is broken. At all locations, apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service.
4	I come here every morning for my coffee and bagel.  They know my order and are SUPER friendly.  It's not the closest D&D to my house, but this is the one I go to for their service.
2	Dunkin coffee never seems to be strong enough.  Of course any coffee will do when you need it but I recommend getting it from some place else if you can.  Dunkin is a matter of convenience for me when I am in great need and that's about it.
3	I have been going to this location a lot. The one thing that drives me crazy is everyone makes my coffee different. Either not enough cream/ sugar or Carmel. Sometimes it can be good and sometimes just okay. Other then that drive thru is fast and people are friendly.
3	This is a drive-thru. It is a standard dunkin donuts. Donuts, bagels and food as you would expect in any other Dunkin Donuts.I like its location as it is very close to the Paradise Valley mall and just off 51 on Cactus.Somehow I didn't like the coffee made here. Once I had too little cream in it and another time it had too much. Both times I had ordered the same 2 creams in Medium. Don't know how it can vary so much.The wifi is good. But it does not ask for a password or enforce any sort of agreement. Not sure how safe that is.The one quirk about this place is that there is only one power outlet, but there are not a lot of people here that hog it. (at least that is the impression I have based on the few times I have been here). It is also very bright and roomy. May be not the best place to work on your laptop.The staff here is very helpful and co-operative. They even deliver the orders to the customers' tables. The customers pretty much mind their own business.Also, they play the radio and have speakers all over the place. Also they have a TV on premises too.
2	Not too clean in this location and I've seen them scoop ice right into the cups, rather than use a scoop.Half the workers here have an attitude. One gave me a hard time when I ordered two coffee boxes. Apparently, it's a huge hassle to make coffee...
5	This is my regular DD (for those of you who don't know the lingo; that stands for Dunkin Donuts). I fly through their drive-thru 2-3 times a week. They are usually very speedy and efficient. One of the girls suggested a hot coffee with caramel mocha ... It was delicious!!!
2	Not too impressed with this location. I went this morning to order an iced "Vanilla Chai" and the girl said it only comes hot but that she could pour it over ice although it may be watered down.. Umm no thanks. I then asked if they had almond or soy milk. No and no. She said "Not at this location." For being pretty popular for coffee that seemed odd to me. Lastly I ordered one of their Wake up Wraps with egg white and turkey. When I got to the window she handed me a bag and I looked inside and it was literally the size of a single small street taco. Definitely looks nothing like the picture and not worth it. I'm giving two stars because the drive thru line went quickly.. However I probably will not be back and stick to Starbucks or Dutch for my coffee/breakfast.
1	I've been here several times for coffee because it's more on my way thn Starbucks... They always screw up my coffee. Yesterday I got smart and tasted before I drove away- no mocha... I handed it back to the girl and told her it was wrong. Her response was to dump a ton of flavoring in rather than the amout the drink required. I had to dump it, I won't be back. It's a couple dollars cheaper but if I can't drink it then it's worthless.
4	Free WiFi nice little sitting area inside and outside. Dunkin Donuts standard menu is available here and this location has a drive thru so it's quick and easy if you are in a hurry. Download the DD Perks app so you can take advantage of their weekly specials.
2	Unfortunately my love for DD has been on a steady decline in the last year. Every once in awhile I'll try to reel it back in, only to end up disappointed once again. I order the same iced coffee every time, and every time it is bad. Always thin, watered down, no flavor whatsoever. At least they have consistency going for them.
2	This location is the closest to my home and since it has a drive thru it's perfect for stopping on the way to work. This morning I stopped in to get an iced vanilla coffee and I learned that they don't have just regular syrup any more now there are these flavor swirls. I informed the person taking my order that I am allergic to dairy and she said there is no dairy in our product. So when I arrived at the window the drink looked light and cloudy and I told them I will take it black with nothing if this has any milk product. Once again I was assured no dairy. Not trusting the servers when I got to work I logged on to http://www.dunkindonuts.com/content/dunkindonuts/en/menu/beverages/icedbeverages/coffee0/iced_coffee.html?DRP_SWEET=None&DRP_FLAVOR=French+Vanilla+Swirl&DRP_SIZE=Small&DRP_BLEND=Original&DRP_DAIRY=NoneAnd the Allergen is MILK!!!!! Ugh, shouldn't they know what they are serving?
1	I pass by 5 dd on my way to work. I cannot stand this location. They are beyond rude. I pull up to the window  and she doesnt say a word. I hand her my card, she swipes it and gives it back. Still no words uttered. She hands me my hot latte, with no sleeve, i say "thank you" she looks back at me and walks away. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? worst customer service!!
5	I went through the drive through around 10 am this morning.  Fastest drive through service ever,  tasty coffee.  I highly recommend pumpkin spice coffee during the fall.
