4	Recently opened in NoDa, the Chop Shop offers you the kind of fun you can have "on the wrong side of the tracks."It is nice to walk past the throngs of customers still hankering for some fish tacos, outfitted in their dress casual and looking to soak up what is left of or still passes for the arts district in Charlotte.  Down 35th Street and across the railroad tracks.  Past the Ultimate Gym and to the front door of the Chop Shop.At over 15,000 square feet, the old warehouse building was bare just a few months ago.  No plumbing or electrical.  Now, the crew of owners has turned it into what very well could be the next viable music venue and hangout in Charlotte.Repurposed car parts and garage equipment adorn the walls, perpetuating the industrial feel.  And with a garage bay off the main room, I am told they wouldn't mind a few mechanics tinkering on a rat rod while live rockabilly fills the bar.Six dollar buckets of High Life and dollar pool on new tables make it just right for just chilling on a non-show night.  And the bar is fully stocked for those looking for refreshment outside the realm of reasonably priced beer.The jukebox is full of punk, grunge, metal, and rock and keeps the party going when someone is not on the expansive stage.I stopped in last week and enjoyed the Monterreys playing surf/spy rock and then watched Pulp Fiction on the two big projections screens that flank the stage.With bookings happening fast, its not long before word is out on this joint.  Its gonna get loud...
4	Played a gig there this weekend as part of the God Save the Queen (City) event put on by local screenprinting company-Ink Floyd.The venue is huge, awesome and they have Tito's vodka at the bar!I'll be back, for sure.
3	Just listen for the music if you are standing at the street next to Cabo and follow the sounds in like a charmed snake.  The place was huge and I felt like there needed to be a few more pool tables.  The band was rocking.  This is a little edgier of a place than your typical Growler crowd up the street, but a fine drinking spot non the less!  Must stop in!
4	I saw a concert here recently and thought the venue was really cool. My only complaint (and I suppose kind of a substantial one) is that the sound quality wasn't the best. That being said, the place is huge, has a fantastic atmosphere inside and lit up outdoor area, clean ladies rooms with zero lines, cheap drink specials other than miller high-life and pbr, close access to the band (no fighting for a view), and friendly service. The tickets and drinks are downright cheap so that alone makes this place awesome in my book!
3	Very cool new spot in NODA. Was fortunate enough to attend yet another Trinumeral event here at the Chop Shop on 11-11-11. Security was tight, yet fair. Cool location, at the end of 35th, across tracks is pretty much exclusively theirs. Security checkpoint to even get in the lot, I walked thankfully, but they were checking trunks!!Once inside the place was nice and open, bar in the back, stage in the front. 2-3 pool tables right when you enter. Good prices at the bar except for the fact that (sorry ladies) unless you have boobs its very hard to get served, which is the main reason this place only got 3 stars. Everything else was great, except for the bar service, obviously catering to the people who were ordering groups of shots, and ignoring people who simply wanted a beer. They also ran out of a very popular beer i won't mention but its starts with PBR, very early in the evening. Come on, you are in NODA, with a huge party and don't stock the PRB, big FUBAR.Will come back, but don't look forward to the iffy bar service.
1	After a very immature comment from the "owner" of this establishment. I have decided to drop my rating and never return. If the rest of the staff is anything like the child who wrote the comment on my review I do not want to deal with them. As you can see my previous review was really not negative at all, except for my comment about the bar.Well the "owner" came back with every excuse in the book including blaming me for not knowing that there was a separate "beer only" bar. So he blames me, blames Trinumeral for bringing way too many people, and then blames his beer distributors for not stocking him correctly. Never once did he take any responsibility for anything negative that happened that evening, instead was just very good at pointing fingers at everyone else, including his patrons and the event that brought him 1200 said patrons.I skipped a great show this past Friday night I actually REALLY wanted to attend simply because of the childish message I got from the owner. Its too bad, can't wait til the weather gets nice so I can just get back to the Deli for good music and never cross those tracks again.Good luck Chop Shop, I will never be back.
5	Just an all around class act.  Highly recommend this place for an evening of good fun!
4	After hanging at the Chop Shop last week during the Passport To NoDa food truck rally, I can absolutely echo Shauna's review. While I wasn't able to take in a show, the space itself is expansive with plenty room to walk about, play some foosball/pool, grab a beer and enjoy the patio. The staff is friendly and Trish, the bartender du jour of my visit, was super sweet and quick to put together drinks. And yes, the drink specials are just as affordable as the tickets to the shows, so you can certainly make a great night out of it. I'm looking forward to heading back out to Chop Shop to catch a show....they book a wide variety of groups from techno to metal to country. If you check out their calendar, you'll likely find something up your alley.
5	love this space, for exactly what it is... a venue for charlotte's best live music! huge fan of repurposed industrial spaces and this spot meets the mark.  i've been here for my own fun and i have used the space as a client and love it, owners are great to work with and cold drinks are readily available not too mention a pretty stellar view of the skyline from the side patio!
5	Really cool music venue.  I haven't been in a year or so, not sure how, but it's a little more spruced up than I recall.  It's a big, open warehouse atmosphere with a bunch of high tops scattered about in the main room. They've got that divey feel going on, obviously being in NoDa.I love how they utilize 2 different rooms for music.  There wasn't ever a time when music wasn't going on with the way they staggered the bands.  The back room also has better sound in my opinion as well as a stage that's raised so even the short folks can catch a nice view!Service was quick and my tab was $15.  I'm pretty sure I bought 4 beers and a vodka tonic, but my mind is kind of fuzzy this morning.  I was told there was a food truck out back too, but I had just eaten before I got there.  I'm surprised I still didn't grab something once it got late.I had a blast, so 5 stars it is.  Keep up the good work.
4	I can't believe it took me so long to check out The Chop Shop. However, a recent event, "Beat Society" brought me out.Thankfully, the "theme" is echoed throughout the whole bar. It's spacious & the sound system is fantastic!  They have a decent size stage, as well.  They have TVs, too.The bar area is nice, I didn't try any of their drinks, so can't speak to that, or the prices of said drinks.Plenty of parking, but be mindful, that whole area is very dark.
3	I went to a festival at the Chop shop. There is a decent amount of parking spaces which is a rarity in the NODA area. The venue itself is very large. It has two stages which allows for bands to continuously play because they can set up one stage while the other is going.The place itself is a little dingy for my taste. It's the type of venue I have kind of out grown in my age...and I'm only 32. It reminds me of Tremont music hall type of place.  Beers were not cheap but also not as high as a lot of music venues. The event was $10 for 6 bands. The bands were local and all decent.
4	I love a lot of things and live music is at the top of my list.  This venue has a great old school place feel and is a fun place to take in a show.  It appeared to be cement from floors to ceiling, with two different stages- one for a bigger show and one for a smaller crowd. (It is definitely not the Belk Theatre but I cut my teeth at the Milestone, so a grungy-ish venue is fun for me). There were pool table(s), a few booths and bar tables near the bar, and a great outdoor area with seating and fun, colorful lights.  The bartenders were friendly and they have a great selection of beer on tap-- and the beer is reasonably priced!  They also have a full bar... but with some good local beers on tap, why not support our budding QC brewery market?The accousitcs were fine.  But, I enjoyed the Prince concert at TWC which received awful reviews for accoustics... I am jazzed about another great venue from which I can get my music fix!  Psychedelic Furs, anyone?
4	First time venturing here was for the God Save the Queen City gathering last weekend and the venue gave me nothing to complain about. They have two stages that although are in adjoining rooms and can't be jamming at the same time, they were perfect for this event that allowed bands to set up while another band was performing. This meant the music never really had to stop and patrons just migrated back and forth between the two stages. The bar seemed large enough to handle a big crowd and they also had a beer station or some alcohol source set up outside. Speaking of outside, it's a nice outdoor space, with a little stage area. The area is large enough to get fresh air for non-smokers despite the hordes of smokers congregating.If my drunken memory serves me right, the craft beer seemed reasonably priced...but no guarantees...i just remember the first one being $4, only $1 more than whatever domestic was on special...once you leave the card open, no telling what the prices are after that.
4	I have not been to The Chop Shop since the renovations. Shame on me. No seriously, SHAME ON ME.Ventured here last night with a group of friends to see The Revivalists. My first time seeing them live. If you ever have an opportunity to catch their show... GO! They were fantastic.Anyway, back to the venue. Huge space. Two different stages. One for the bigger shows.. the other for smaller. Super cool decor. The main room was built out of re-purposed industrial and automotive pieces. There are seats along the wall that look like a cross between a movie theater and a vehicle. I definitely wandered away from the group to go sit in these comfy spots for a hot second. There are also pool tables to kill some time between shows.Huge patio. Because of the size, nonsmokers can even step outside to get some fresh air without being bombarded with a cloud of smoke. For a NoDa business, it has a lot more parking available than most. I didn't arrive in time for a spot in the lot, but found a place on the street with no problem and a short walk.Sometimes I go to shows and I'm scared of what the bathroom will look like. You know the feeling... like is it safe to touch things or should I put mittens on? Not the case here. So clean. Didn't feel like a music venue at all.Quick service at the bar. Reasonable drink prices. Great specials board. Nice craft beer selection. I was stoked to see a pumpkin beer available. It's refreshing to catch a show at a venue where the tickets and drinks are very much affordable. No crazy added fees. I look forward to checking out more bands at The Chop Shop in the near future.
1	This place is pretty lame. Came to see a show for some friends passing through on tour. It was so unorganized as far as getting people in the door. The doors opened an hour after they were supposed to open. When the show finally started I was even less impressed. The sound was awful. I'm definitely not coming to another show here.
4	The chop shop is one of my favorite venues in Charlotte.  It's not on the scale of the filmore, .not as small as the visulite, but probably more comparable to the size of Amo's.  Though what seperates it is that it is newly renovated.  There are cool broken down Motorcyles ( cough hence chop shop) outside, 2 stages inside, and one bar with about 4 bartenders, and a smoking section outside.  The sound system is very well and is perfect for this midsize concert venue.  The only thing that would help this place is another bar or 1 or 2 more bartenders.
4	So I've only been here once and have no idea what it was like before the renovations that were recently completed.  Given that perspective (or lack thereof) I thought this was a really cool venue.  Just turn at Cabo, cross the tracks, and you're there!There are multiple stages, which was slightly odd given that it's a small venue.  But okay, we can work with that!  The main stage has a nice area in front for a good sized crowd, and the sound quality is pretty good.  The small stage in the front would work really well for a small show.There is one bar in the whole place which made for quite an ordeal when ordering beers but there was a good sized staff behind the bar to make the line move fairly well.  Prices were pretty much par for the course and they had a decent selection of local brews.There are pool tables, a few arcade games, and various other such things around the venue as well.  So even if there isn't a show going on it seems to be a pretty cool spot to hang.  Bottom line, it's a cool place with a lot of potential!
4	There was a time when I judged Chop Shop. If you went to Chop Shop when it first opened you might have noticed that it didn't have the best sound quality. Friends, that has changed. They fixed whatever was wrong. This might be my favorite venue in Charlotte. That is a strange thing to say considering the awkward paintings of half naked women and sometimes the ridiculously long line to get inside (it always seems to take forever to pay and show ID there)However, the sound is excellent. There are 2 stages. It is small. It is intimate. It isn't trying to be more than what it is.  The drinks are good. There is a small outdoor area.This is how I like to see shows.Oh- and Wolf Blitzer and Anderson Cooper gave a shout out to Chop Shop on CNN. We are making it big time, kids.
3	There is a metric fuckton of parking, which was my first introduction to Charlotte's obsession with parking lots and structures. The space is incredibly large, as well. I'd like to see a rock show here, I think. We saw a comedy show and even though we got there before the openers, there was no seating left. We left for food and came back, as we were going to have to stand anyway. A pretty wide range of ages (there for Doug Stanhope) and the staff was definitely not too cool for school, which is a welcoming thing in a hipster enclave.
5	Very comfortable space to listen to great music.This Venue always reminds me why I enjoy local live music. Service has been swift and friendly on every occasion. Will be back very soon!
4	Went to The Chop Shop last night for "Twin Forks" and was very pleased. Parking was easy, staff were quick and very friendly, the acoustics were fantastic. Very cool place that is not pretentious in any way. All types are welcome, the musicians were very accessible and the staff were not rushing you out after the show. If you want to see a band at a cool, small, great place, The Chop Shop is it!
5	First time at this venue 9/10/14 to see Pinback.  My husband and I were very happy with the venue.  Sound was good. Admission and bar prices were not bad at all.  All staff we encountered were really friendly and polite.  I was super impressed and we both agreed we hope to see many more shows here!
