3	I had huge hopes for this place - breakfast places are kind of my 'thing' ... I'm hoping it's just opening day jitters and glitches, but it took an hour for us to get our food - and you can look around at people going through the same thoughts.  But they earned a star because the food was actually really good!  Coffee, not so much - unless you like it weak.  I had the corned beef hash - smaller portion (but probably healthier) and massive chunks of corned beef.  I did appreciate that it wasn't inundated with onion that so many other places do.  Hubby had the Bret Omelette and remarked that it was quite full of filling items.  The kid's pancakes are huge - could probably split one order between two little ones.  The other kid had the baked oatmeal which I thought was delicious!  The little one didn't care for the raisins so much.  Their biscuits are huge!  If you are thinking a side of biscuits and gravy - go for one biscuit, I promise.  I really liked the flaky top!  I want to come back in a few weeks to see if anything changed ... hoping to change my rating!
3	I am so excited to have a decent breakfast place so close to my home!  First let me say the food was generally good diner breakfast food.  Which is the reason for the 3 stars.  We sat at the counter and got a front row seat to the problems they have in the kitchen.  We sat down to the waitress explaining to the two guys next to us that there was a half hour back up on food right now.  While we waited we watched the chef explain that they were out of green sauce and later out of biscuits.  They seemed extremely disorganized and still unsure of how to run a kitchen.  We could tell they were in a rush because the potatoes and eggs were both undercooked.  Gems of the meal were the cornbeef hash and the biscuits (we got one of the last ones). The wait staff seemed untrained and kept forgetting basics like bringing silverware.  Our waitress came to our spot 4 separate times for our drink orders (2 oj's and 2 waters). However, she was very sweet and seemed unphased by the chaos.   If they can get the service and kitchen chaos worked out this will be my new favorite Sunday breakfast spot.
4	The wait to be seated wasn't too bad considering it was the breakfast rush on a Sunday...about 15 minutes. But lost some points because the water tasted like the cup still had cleaner in it. And once we ordered, took about 30 mins to get our food. But, the food is actually really delicious. Got the huevos rancheros with carnitas...amazing. The portion was big enough to fill me up & my boyfriend ate what was left. He got the corned beef & hash, didn't try it but he inhaled all of it so assuming it was also delicious. The menu looks like it's filled with tastiness, will definitely try again.
5	great food outstanding service i had the potato cakes and eggs poached medium, eggs were perfect, potato cakes good and my breakfast piping hot service was on spot and a nice blend of mature waitstaff as well as younger waitstaff as well.
3	It's a 3 because of their service. Food is delicious! But they need to train their waitresses.  They need a lot of work.
3	Biscuits were awful.  Soggy and hard at the same time.   Otherwise breakfast was ok.   Wait staff was very nice and since it was late morning didn't take long to get our food.   Coffee was ok.
2	I went to this restaurant on the weekend of their grand opening and was served by the manager from the location up near Tucson. She was so friendly and sweet and totally wanted feedback on how the whole restaurant was. She hung out and told us stories about the original Bisbee restaurant. Needless to say, we wanted to come back! Today, I went back with a party of 6 (last time it was a party of 3). I asked the hostess how long the wait was "realistically" going to be since I know the restaurant industry. She said 20-25 minutes. They then proceeded to sit every small party that came after us instead of waiting to put together a 4 top with a 2 top. The wait ended up being an hour and it didn't seem like their was a manager in charge really taking charge of the long wait they had in front of their store, especially since it was Sunday.  I was so bummed out that I couldn't show my family in town this delicious restaurant because of their lack of organization that a restaurant needs.
4	Excellent all around today. Took a chance on this place while my mother was visiting and we'd been everywhere else. Nicole was great, attentive and friendly service. Food was very good. I had potato pancakes, eggs, bacon and sourdough toast. Quality was very good, best potato pancakes I've had in a long time. Very impressed with the cleanliness, service, and food. Definitely will be returning!
4	Pancakes and sausage..excellent..corn beef hash not so much..large chunks of corned beet and potatoes..not diced for hash..no onion or other seasoning.  I am a very picky biscuit eater.  These were not bad and I would order again.  Very chatty wait staff.  We will be back.
5	From the friendly Waite staff to the amazing food, i had a great experience. The wait for my food was good and the when it finally came i was very happy. Have been here a couple times now and everything i have tried has been so delicious. I recommend eating here any time because its worth it.
3	Came here at about 830 on Sunday morning,  mothers day. We were seated right away and our server was there to take our order within 2 minutes.  I ordered the popeye eggs and my husband ordered the skillet. So...my meal was delicious. .came with hash browns and a homemade biscuit.  My hubby was not so lucky, the skillet didnt even look good .. just like a glob of food ..there was soooo much gravy and he didn't like it at all. Plus tbe portion size was smaller in comparison to other like places.  I would come here again based on my meal and the friendly service,  but ill bet that my husband will not want to.
3	After searching for a a good mothers day breakfast place, we decided on the Bisbee Breakfast Club.  Its a great looking place, with a clean and modern interior,  And that's part of the problem, it made me expect more out of the food too.  Oh there was nothing wrong with any of our dishes, the eggs and potatoes were cooked and tender, and the coffee was good.  Had we eaten the same food at IHOP or Denny's, we'd be talking  4 stars.  I had the special, called the Brisket Scramble, and it was definitely the best dish.  Pieces of super tender brisket mixed in with egg, cheddar jack and green chilli's, it was very yummy. Here's to hoping that it will become a permanent menu item! It came with a side of very average hash browns, probably because they came pre made and frozen from a bag.  My wife had the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs, and she was not that impressed.  The corned beef was tender and tasty but not shredded, rather it was cut into chunks, The potatoes were cut in huge chunks and very plain, no char or crust.  My daughter had the Eggs Zorba which may have benefited from having mediterranean style olives rather than plan ole black ones.With so many legendary breakfast places within a mile of this place, they probably need more than just their tastefully decorated dining area to stand out.
3	My family treated me to breakfast for Mother's Day!  We heard about this new place that was right around the corner from us.  We got seated quickly but did have to wait a few minutes before the waitress came by.  When we finally ordered the food came out at a reasonable amount of time.  This is where it went wrong.  My Corned Beef hash was mediocre at best. Because they didn't have any flavored coffee options I opted for water with my meal.  They need to invest in a filtration system.  It was disgusting tap water!  The other unappealing aspect of my meal was one of the waitress had on what I can only describe as "booty shorts"  her apron was longer... In the front!  I didn't enjoy seeing her back end while she was attending the table across from me. Everyone else had long pants... She was unprofessional! Honestly the only thing that I completely enjoyed was the canvas mural of the town of Bisbee on the wall and the adorable glass and galvanized tin light fixtures.  I know they are new.. But they are new to the location not to business!
5	I came in for lunch and had one of their burgers. It tasted great.  Their fries excellent as well!
5	OMG this place is fabulous!  We came in around 10:00am on Sunday morning and were promptly seated and brought drinks.  The staff are friendly and the food delicious!
3	I went on Saturday around noon and was relatively packed but was seated immediately. I ordered the huevos rancheros - they were out of the pork that you can have added to the meal, when I wanted to change my order to eggs Benedict they informed me they didn't make that item. Before we placed our orders they asked that we relocate seating to accommodate a party of 10 that came in after us - which I don't mind, but you think they would seat people appropriately in cases that this might happen. Environment was okay, and food got to us in a timely manner but I probably wouldn't go back here or recommend the place to anyone. Not dissatisfied but definitely wasn't impressed.
3	Food is good...the service was very slow. We waited over 45 minutes for our food to be served...some was hot...some was not so warm. There were lots of staff but little or no direction.
3	Eh... I wanted to love this place. Nice that we didn't have to wait at 9:30 on a Sunday. Restaurant was busy but not packed. I had the potato pancakes, good but not great. I wanted more veggies in them, as mine only had one onion. My bacon was cooked nicely but really greasy. My biscuit was chewy on the bottom and not that great. My friend had a veggie scramble and it didn't overflow with veggies. The decor is cute and clean, but with local stars like Crackers and the Farmhouse with amazing food, I don't think I'll be back.
2	Not impressed. Lackluster. I went in with great expectations and was disappointed. It started off well. The restaurant wasn't packed, so I was seated promptly.My waitress made her way to my table, brought my coffee and water, and then took my order for corned beef hash and eggs. After 15 minutes, I was finally told that there were a few large tickets ahead of me, and that's why there was a delay in getting my food. it wasn't only be large tickets though, because I could clearly see the cooking station and it would appear to be training going on for 2 to 3 different people at the grill station. After you more on my plate was finally brought to me. I was not served corn beef hash I was there a picture of cooked corned beef with what looked like home fries instead of small chopped potatoes. The hash browns were not a crispy golden brown. They were cooked but they were not crispy golden brown. after I was brought my plate the waitress could notice please see that I was not happy with me. And that is where she made her worst mistake of all, she never came back to ask me how my meal was. and if you're asking yourself "why did I eat it, why didn't I send it back?" It's because by that point I was so hungry I didn't want to get up and try something else somewhere else. overall a very lackluster experience, I do not know if I will be willing to give this place a second chance.
2	The place looked class and it's close to home and I wanted to really like it. The service was fair enough. Only one waitress and then one of the guys cooking helped folks at the bar. Think they were still figuring out the menu because there was a bit of confusion as to what came with my boyfriends meal. She asked what type of toast he wanted with his breakfast and puzzled he simply replied rye. When our food finally came out all she said was "Your meal doesn't come with toast" to him and was on her way. I believe a quality place would have just brought the one slice of rye and said something like "Actually your meal doesn't normally come with toast but here you go anyway. Enjoy!" I ordered the corned beef hash. Not my favorite. Not even good. Chunks of meat, not shredded, flavorless hunks of potatoes and greasy overall. I'm not a food critic but I LOVE hash! I always finish or take home my hash. This was the first time in a long time that I left food behind at a restaurant. My boyfriend got a breakfast burrito with unmelted cheese and only a sprinkle of beans on top of the burrito. Both these dishes were marked as specialties. I doubt I'll go back but in time if I do I think I'll keep it simple style and order eggs and bacon next time.
2	Went here for lunch on a weekday. The service was awful. It took over an hour to order and get our food. The food was ok. Nothing special. I wouldn't go here again.
4	I just had lunch here with my family.  No wait to be seated and super-friendly staff.  The menu is pretty robust -- something for everyone.  At our table, we had huevos rancheros, veggie sandwich, kids' bean and cheese burrito, and kids' grilled cheese (which comes on wheat bread, bonus!).  The food came quickly and was very tasty.  BBC is a great addition to the neighborhood and a nice change from the chain breakfast/lunch places we see so often.  If they added mimosas and bloody marys for Sunday brunch, I'd give them 5 stars.
5	What a way to spend a Saturday morning! After being quickly seated, coffee and OJ was promptly delivered by a very kind waitress.  My wife and I both decided on the Chicken-Fried Steak and Eggs. Eggs were cooked to order, over-easy, and done to perfection! Hash browns were well done too. I had an English muffin and my wife ordered a home-made buttermilk biscuit that was perfectly flaky, buttery and larger than the size of my fist!  The coffee was great, I found myself never wanting for a refill. The whole meal was well prepared, really satisfying as I put a nice Habanero sauce on top to compliment the steak, hash browns and eggs.  Well worth many return visits!
4	No wait to be seated. My daughter ordered the silver dollar pancakes, I thought they would be little pancakes stacked hence there name but they came in 2 big regular size pancakes... They were good pancakes though. My boyfriend ordered the jauvos rancheros, he liked them but mentioned it was a little soupy.. I got eggs over easy they were good, bacon was a bit greasy, hash browns were good , coffee was good and I liked how they kept coming back to the table offering more however they should've offered water for the table standard that was the only thing I had to ask for it... Atmosphere was nice and clean, staff was very friendly. I would come back again
1	Can I give a place less than one star??? I wish! Let me cut to the chase. 3 adults and 4 kids got up and walked out. We waited an hour before doing this. The kids ordered simple things like pancakes and they failed to even bring those out. The kids AND us adults were getting antsy and annoyed. Mind you we didn't take long to be seated or order our food, so it wasn't a matter of the waitress taking our order. The manager never even came out and talked to us. I feel I must warn others of the horrible service. I can't say anything about the food because we never ate. They never even objected to us leaving, no one said anything.
2	Not impressed by anything at this place unfortunately. The decor is decent, everything else is average or below average including the food and service. Everyone is very nice, just not the best servers around. I will not be visiting this place again unless I hear from a trusted source that everything has changed.
2	I'm writing this review with a heavy heart. I'm from around the Bisbee area and have eaten at the original Bisbee Breakfast Club. Their service is NOTHING like the service at this one...theirs is fast and efficient. The first time I came here, things were good. We were seated quickly because there were no people. Food was really good, but took forever to come. I thought nothing of it and thought that the next time would be better. How wrong I was. The second time let me see how badly this place was run. The restaurant has potential but it's being run to the ground by the manager. At least I think she's the manager. She was the women seating people the two times that I've been there. Has somewhat of a hippy look. She needs to be trained IMMEDIATELY. She's beyond unprofessional and her staff is following suit. The bus boy cleaning tables hated his job. He was so slow doing his job and would throw things around. The waitresses were more interested in conversation with each other than servicing their customers.  We were sitting for a good 10-15 min before someone took our drink order. The "manager" told a waitress to get our drinks. The waitress came over to our table hating life and asked "what do you want to drink?" There was no smile, how are you, I'm sorry for the wait, nothing. I wouldn't believe what I was seeing. The food is pretty good, it's a shame that the service is driving people away. I hope something is done soon and they either train the manager or get rid of her altogether. The sooner they correct the issue, the sooner people can return and support a local gem.
5	Our family loves to get breakfast and brunch here. They have great food, coffee, and service. The staff is friendly and makes for a great atmosphere. Haven't had a meal I didn't love here.
5	Friendly service and the food is always well prepared. Nothing fancy, just well made.
4	We decided to take our 17 yr old son and five of his friends and parents there, after a hockey tournament game. These boys were starving! The place was immaculate. Food was delicious, although the service was a bit slow. It took quite a while for the food to come out and I thought those boys were going to start guzzling the tabasco!  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak and it was pretty tough and had ribbons of grissle. The chorizo in my meal was bland but those boys loved their meals. One said the chicken fingers were the best he's ever had! We will go back.
5	I had the Ole Stand By with biscuits and gravy!  So much food!!  so delicious!! the biscuits were amazingly delicious!!!  Hash browns were also amazing!!! so glad we found this place will be back very soon!
5	Great food and great service! Our waitress was very flexible with our picky-ness which was very appreciated. On Saturdays they have gluten-free pancakes, just fyi.
1	Not worth even a star: Waited 40 minutes for our food - left money for coffee and left the restaurant. Lovely hostess - we enjoyed her -knew it was our first visit; but  no one come by to say what the delay was? We WON'T be back. Stick with Biscuits down the street on Dobson!
1	Horrible service, food was ok. Had to request several times just to get coffee, our food did not arrive for over an hour. My son ordered the Popeye was supposed to be 3 eggs, portion was so small it looked like one egg,  He ate it in two bites literally and certainly overpriced for that portion!  Arrived at 8:40 and finally left at 10/10. Definitely will not go back
3	Overall a decent place to eat breakfast.  Make sure to ask how things are prepared as they may make things a bit differently than you expect.  Service was good. Others around us were not as lucky with that.
3	Tryed for the first time today. I had chorizo ranchero and my wife had eggs Popeye . Both were pretty good. Decor is nice and staff attentive. This location has been 3 or 4 restaurants over the past 4-5 years and none have succeeded , this may have a chance if they hang in there.
2	We just tried this place because its around the corner from my house. The menu looks really tasty, but execution is poor. We waited 20 minutes for our food and they hadn't even started our order. We were short on time (our mistake) so we asked them to box our order. They said no problem. They practically forgot half my order. They forgot the cheese, gravy, and bacon. I was left with burnt has browns, eggs, and a stale biscuit. My friends chicken fried steak was too hard too cut, but at least he had his full order. Not impressed.
4	Jordan was our server and she was super nice! Food was good nothing fancy but still good. Inside is clean and was decently full when we arrived. Would come here again.
3	We were regular customers of the Bisbe location. We were one of their early customers and watched them grow over the years due to their excellent service and wonderful food! So happy to see them here. Our first experience on a Monday late morning was less than we expected. The blueberry pancakes were just as I remembered, great! Flavorful and just a hint of vanilla with wild blueberries made the dish. The hash browns were good but lacked flavor would be better with s little onion. Coffee great but we waited for a refill and never got it. The other waitress in the restaurant ignored us twice once with the coffee pot in her hand. The hand made sausage we didn't like. We waited to get our bill and when I asked the other waitress to ask ours for the bill she again ignored me. We won't be back nothing special
2	Service was quick and friendly. Meal came out nothing like the pictures on yelp. Would return only to see if it's better the second time.
1	Wow is all I can say. My boyfriend and I decided to try a new place out today and I'm sorry we did. We didn't have a whole lot of time because I had to be at work. We should have taken it as a bad sign when we weren't even greeted at the door. Once we were seated the waitress took our order and then we waited for about 15 minutes. She then came back to our table and told us that she LOST OUR ORDER and tried to take it again. Needless to say we won't be going here again.  Very disappointing.
5	We love this place! The food is consistently hot and delicious! I like the huevos Rancheros (and the chorizo version), chicken fried steak is great, omlettes and sandwiches are always on point. Portion sizes are very generous and it is a great value for the money! Service is prompt and attentitive- my coffee cup or water is never empty. We keep coming back. :)
4	We go to BBC as a family every Sunday, we love the place!The service is great, they cater to our needs and requests for extra stuff since we have a 14 month old with us every time.They are always friendly, prompt and the food never takes too long to get to us and it is quite affordable.The food is of consistent good quality, and dear lord you have to ask about their home made pies! They are delicious!I guess we're regulars now!
5	Love this place! The biscuits and gravy are delicious...and the corn beef hash was great. The service is very friendly and I love that I can walk there.
