5	Eloff over at Las Vegas Realty Specialists was able to save my family from foreclosure. He did an awesome job in negotiating with the bank and got the deficiency balance discharged (meaning that the bank agreed that they would never come after us for the outstanding balance). He also was able to get us $2000 in relocation assistance which really helped out. Prior to meeting Eloff, we had already gotten scammed by a "Loan Modification Officer" and had been given the run around when we had to start the loan modification process 3 separate times (our loan kept switching hands between banks and therefore always had to restart the process).I would definitely recommend Eloff and Las Vegas Realty Specialists to anyone facing foreclosure, wanting to do a short sale, or wanting to buy a home (or even rent a home! He helped us find our home after the short sales process was finished)
5	This guy, Eloff Perez got my short sale done. Got my paper work fixed, was very involved, got my second paid, got moving expenses covered by the bank (ask me and I'll tell you in person) and an awesome loft downtown! Nothing out of pocket! He even asked if I needed help with the move! This guy is honest and knowlegable. His site also has a mobile app or a full browser app that can find vacant properties and rentals!
5	Eloff Perez is a great Realtor that I will recommend to anyone out there considering a short sale or anything that has to do with Las Vegas Real Estate. He did an amazing job short selling my house and I am so greatful that I did not have to lose my home to foreclosure. Thanks Eloff!
5	Eloff Perez is amazing!!! I was fortunate enough to buy a home and sell a home with him as well. He made everything so easy I often forgot I was dealing with the stressors of buying/selling a home. I recommend him to everyone I know. I have known him for a long time and his character is always solid.
5	Eloff is great.  His real-estate knowledge is the best  and he also has become a good friend while doing business with him.
5	I hired Eloff a couple years ago and it was the best thing I could have done.  Exceptional service, very communicative and easy to reach, and very friendly.  He is a straight shooter and has sound advice.  I would definitely use him again.
5	Eloff helped us sell our investment property in Las Vegas. The entire process was seamless and Eloff made sure that we were well informed of every step of the way. He was able to secure a buyer and handled all the details flawlessly. We would highly recommend him.
5	Eloff was great.  Available at all times and very knowledgeable. Held our hand the whole way through and it was a very smooth transaction.
5	Today we closed escrow on our home in Henderson NV due largely to the tenacity and hard work of our realtor Eloff Perez. This man practically single handedly saw us through a process that could have been a nightmare - the bank throwing stumbling blocks at us all the way. Thanks to Mr. Perez and his unflagging zeal - and a very patient buyer - the deal is finally done. Thanks Eloff - you are numero uno in our book!
5	We are looking for property here in Las Vegas and Eloff Perez has been more than helpful. Eloff will take the pain out of searching for and purchasing property! With a vast knowledge of the field and his compassion for the customer Eloff is the best realtor we have ever dealt with. We highly recommend him to anyone looking to buy or sell property!
5	I recently purchased my first condo in Henderson NV with the help of Eloff Perez as my real estate agent. I can't tell you how many agents would not return my calls (maybe because I wasn't purchasing a million dollar home) but Eloff was quick to respond and execute a game plan that met my price range and needs. He was always available to answer my questions and concerns. He never makes you feel uncomfortable in any way and showed my boyfriend and I nothing but common courtesy and respect in being a first time home buyer. I too work in the service industry and can appreciate someone like Eloff that know how to treat people the right way.
5	Buying or selling hands down Eloff is the man you want when dealing with your realestate needs... He has made all my home purchases smooth and worry free... Impeccable services hard working and honest..... I couldn't thank Las Vegas Reality specialists Eloff Perez enough. ..
5	Where do I begin? I am/was a first time home buyer. I recently decided to purchase an investment property.I contacted a few real estate agents in the area, who did NOT return any calls. HORRIBLE!Fortunately, I was able to find Eloff and from day 1 he proved time & time again to be exceptional. During our initial conversation he inquired as to what my budget is and what exactly I am looking for.Eloff was on top of it!!!No matter day or night, weekend or holiday Eloff was there for me. Shortly I found a property which I fell in love with. Eloff went above and beyond assisting me with the purchase, and within 2 weeks, escrow closed and now I am a proud owner of a Condominium in Las Vegas. I was so impressed with his performance, he will also manage my new investment! Eloff has made this home buying experience effortless, and personable, easier than buying a pair of shoes. (And for a women, buying shoes is no easy task! -- Big smile) Thank you Eloff for your endless hard work, honesty and superior service. If you are looking to have your property managed, or to buy a new property, CALL ELOFF
5	So as previously stated I recently purchased a rental property with Eloff as my realtor and  he was amazing. (Please read my previous review)Because of the fabulous job that Eloff did helping me with my purchase, I've also asked him to manage my property (being that he is also a property manager)Within a month, Eloff has gotten my condo rented. He is and has been so on top of everything regarding my new investment that I just can't stop saying enough good about him. He has truly treated this like its his own property. So, if you need a realtor or a property manager??? No need to look elsewhere, Eloff is who you want to turn to.Thank you 100 more times Eloff for all you have done and continue to do.Happy 2014!
5	Eloff helped sell my mother-in-law's house in summerlin.  He was super kind and definitely knows his stuff.  He made sure that there were no surprises in the process and made sure that we knew all of our options.  He got us more than we expected to get for the house, and it went through a lot faster than some of our friends said it took them.  Definitely use Eloff, he will not disappoint.
5	I've known Eloff Perez for quite some time. My family and I are past and present clients. He does whatever it takes to get the job done. He is a one stop shop for all your real estate needs. From buying and selling to property management, Eloff is the best. He is very personable and treats all his clients with respect and common courtesy. I speak this from our own personal experiences with him. With someone like this on your side, you can't lose.
5	As first time home buyers, my fiance and I were understandably nervous. We were grateful to find a realtor who was so experienced and sincere; he took the time to guide us through the process and helped us find exactly the home we were looking for and within our budget. It was wonderful to find someone who was so professional and at the same time, made us feel like we were being guided by a friend who was genuinely looking out for us. If you're a first time buyer like us, you couldn't be in better hands. Thanks Eloff!
5	Eloff has been an excellent person to work with.  My situation, which I won't get into, was a tough one to deal with at the very least.  But Eloff has gone above and beyond to help me with a condo that my ex-wife and I short saled.  He was patient and very helpful in my particular situation.  If he could deal with my short sale and make it happen, I'm sure he can do pretty much everything.  P.S.He's already working on another short sale for me
5	Eloff Perez is the best real estate agent I have ever come across. He managed to get our FHA financed  offer accepted when no one else could. I had previously used 2 other agents prior to meeting Eloff and he was the only one that made the impossible possible! I highly recommend Eloff to anyone looking for an experienced real estate agent that knows and  understands the market.
5	Eloff is an awesome property manager. He's quick and on the ball to solve any issues that can arise. His follow-up and personable service is one-of-a-kind. I highly recommend him and his services.
5	Eloff Perez is the best property manager EVER!  We have been so impressed with his expertise and communication.  He put our home on the rental market and it was rented within 2 weeks!! He returns calls immediately! We don't know many people in this area and he found all the amazing people to take care of all if our repairs, etc as well!  Eloff has been right there with us every step of the way!  We couldn't be more pleased and would recommend him hands down!  You will NOT be disappointed !!
5	If you're looking for an honest and hard-working individual that will manage and take care of your investment properties, Eloff Perez is your man. He took over 2 of my rental properties last year and he's taken all the stress away from me and all the issues that landlords have to deal with. Eloff and his team have it down to a science. Great communication and follow up. He takes action and makes no excuses. I highly recommend Eloff and his team.
5	I've known Eloff for years and I can tell you that he is passionate about helping his clients achieve their goals through buying, selling or even property management. In my case Eloff listed our home for sale and educated us on the different possible outcomes. We received multiple offers a week later and closed successfully shortly thereafter. The transaction went through just as Eloff explained from the beginning with no surprises. I wouldn't trust anyone else but Eloff and his team to handle my real estate needs in the future. His level of commitment and dedication is outstanding. Thank you Eloff for making it easy for me and my family.
5	Eloff is the best there is. I have never met any real estate agent that cares to out of their way to get things done by any means necessary. I say this because in my situation, I was maxed out financially paying my down payment and closing costs. The appraisal came in less than the offer. Eloff contributed money from his commission to save my deal from falling apart and me losing my dream home.  I don't even have words to thank him from the bottom of my heart. You are a great realtor and an amazing person. We will never forget what you did for us. Thank you a million times!
5	I found Eloff on Yelp and decided to call him directly. He was very pleasant and easy to talk to. I explained my situation of possibly relocating in the near future and needing someone to oversee my investment properties in Las Vegas and Henderson Nevada. All my questions were answered without any hesitation and he invited me to his office to meet in person. Eloff and his partner Gary are very professional, honest and direct. Their level of service and customer care is unparalleled. A true class act;)
5	Eloff is awesome! He managed to find us a great home in Las Vegas NV. He negotiated 10K of the sales price and held our hand the whole way. His care and customer service is outstanding. We closed in less than 30 days and we are so happy with our new home. What a great experience. I highly recommend Eloff to anyone looking for a great Real Estate agent!
5	From the first time I spoke to Eloff until I closed on my new home he was extremely helpful every step of the way. He's extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of the industry. At one point during the search for my new home I was close to buying a house that I had seen before I contacted Eloff. When I told him this he told me that he would still help me along the way with everything. The fact that he was still willing to help me when he was put in a position where he wouldn't benefit speaks volumes to his character. He's an honest and reliable professional that truly cares about people.
5	Eloff has been managing my Las Vegas property for about 2 months and has been great to work with. He is very responsive and does a great job!
5	Eloff was the listing agent on a transaction that I closed. Being in the mortgage industry for over 22 years it takes a lot to impress me.  Eloff  was on top of every aspect of the seller side of the transaction.  He responded to emails immediately and was a true professional.  I would suggest him to anyone looking to sell their home or purchase a home.
5	Eloff has been my ace in the hole when it comes to property management for my Las Vegas investment property. He manages to keep the rents collected and repairs remedied. His communication and follow up is greatly appreciated. Whether by email, text or phone call, Eloff is readily available to address any concerns or issues that may arise. My life as a Las Vegas landlord has been made stress free knowing that I have Eloff and his team in my corner ready to take action when necessary. I highly recommend him and his services over any real estate agent and property manager in Las Vegas.
5	My family owns 3 properties in Las Vegas all of which Eloff does property management on. We recently decided to sell one home since the Las Vegas real estate market has presented us with the right opportunity for doing so. Eloff managed to find a buyer within 3 weeks of listing it on the market. He negotiated a deal above list price with the buyers/investors benefiting from a 9 month lease that was in place. The transaction flowed smoothly from beginning to end. His level of customer service and dedication to our cause made us feel very comfortable and protected against any possible obstacles we might have had to overcome. Eloff and his team are very friendly and pleasant to work with. He goes beyond the call of duty to get the job done.
5	I just gave Eloff my house to list for rent. Good part is he found a Tennant within 1 month and always responds to calls/texts.
5	Eloff and his team helped me find great renters for my home during the holiday months. I thought the Las Vegas real estate market would slow down and people would not want to move during this time of year. (I was wrong) 2 weeks after we listed our home, he had secured a 2 year lease for us and my worries were over. I originally did not want to hire a property manager but since Eloff did such a great job in finding us some great tenants, we decided to hire him as our Las Vegas Property manager. Eloff is great and easy to communicate with. We are very happy!
5	Eloff was really helpful in regards to helping us get in contact with the homeowner and the tenant in regards to our company coming out and servicing the property. Eloff is definitely one of the best property managers in Las Vegas due to his availability, his prompt responses and his care for his clients. I would recommend him to everyone who is looking for a reliable property manager.
