5	Finally, a mission style burritos in Montreal. Try their custom hot sauces, not your typical weak Tabasco!
3	Served in a very modern looking atmosphere, full of stainless steel (which lacks any sort of Mexican feel at all.) The burrito is made with fresh ingredients and is extremely large and filling. Tried/shared a barbacoa and a chicken buritto. I found the burritos bland and lacking flavour. The corn salsa certainly had flavour and the guacamole was bitter. The hot sauces aren't well marked. Some are fruity instead of being spicy. Water seems to be rationed.
5	An incredible new addition to  Montreal's fast food offer.  In a modern and cool atmosphere, M4 serves impeccable grilled meat and the portions are huuggee.   In these times where a regular poutine elsewhere cost 12$, M4 delivers quality food for around 9$ tax in, without a drink.   They could definitely offer bigger water glasses.
4	I haven't been this excited about a fast food chain moving into the neighborhood since Five Guys established an outpost in the city last year.  Mexican food is a rather neglected cuisine in Montreal and don't expect M4 Burritos to help.  Instead M4 Burritos introduces Montreal to the infamous Mission Style Burrito which is a staple food up and down the West Coast. The melding of San Francisco hippies and Mexican immigrants during the 1960s and 70s spawned the huge burrito stuffed with rice, beans and a variety of other goodies.M4 is a fast food franchise so expect fast food quality.  Neither great nor terrible it's a reasonable representation of the real thing.  Service was OK, prices are reasonable (about $12 for a burrito with drink), portions are plenty big, and the interior is clean and bright.
3	Finally, a Chipotle style burrito joint here in Montreal. This is not authentic Mexican, but rather the West coast street burrito interpretation. Choose your meat (steak, chicken, pork, or guac for the vegetarians), salsa (pico dde gallo, verde, corn), beans (white-not pinto unfortunately, or black) and any other toppings which all get rolled into a massive mobile tinfoil burrito torpedo, whew! This is definitely quick service food, but tasty none the less. I'm anticipating this place hammering out the kinks (faster service, better assembly, & REAL margaritas) and will be excited to return!
5	I always make sure whatever I get is fresh off the grill, rarest steak burritos in Montreal! The pico is a classic, missing a bit of spice but they got your back with custom hot sauces ranging from mild sweet to burn your face off delicious.
2	.Fake "Chipotle"
2	I had burritos from Chipotle in the U.S. on many occasions, and although this restaurant imitates the general ambiance, menu, and the type of service (thus bringing up the expectations for the food)... it is far from the real Chipotle burrito. I heard a guy from the table nearby walking out saying a happy "I like this place". He probably doesn't know better (which is understandable if he lives in Montreal). If you have eaten at Chipotle before, you will most likely be disappointed.
4	Burritos M4, I think an M4 is a machine gun in Modern Warfare 2 which is appropriate because these things are Killer! For food coma enthusiasts I would recommend getting the chicken, or beef or pork, or any of them with guacamole. I had the chicken with black beans and rice. You get 2 toppings of some freshie fresh salsas, like corn, tomato, verde and mango, guac will run you an extra 1.25 but fully worth it. Then they they put sour cream and some white cheese to finish it off, I shit you not the thing was like 4 inches in diameter, wrapped in foil and ready scarffing. You can get some mini hot sauces added as well and they have their own brew and a Martguerita machine. My burrito was $10 with a drink of water since there was enough calories and goodness there already. You start off eating like a burrito but you need a fork and knife about half way deep. The sucker is huge, and I am tellin no lies. All in all a great burrito, great price and made fresh in front of your salivating face!
1	Having lived in the US and tasted how good a true mission-style burrito could really be, I had high expectations going into my first visit at M4.  I used to eat at Chipotle at least twice a week and the lack of a decent mission-style burrito place in Montreal has been killing me.Place:  The place has a great location on St. Denis not too far from both UQAM and Sherbrooke Ave.  The interior of the place shouts, "We are the closest thing to Chipotle without being Chipotle."  They have the stainless steel throughout the store and have substituted Chipotle's red for the color orange.  That being said, it's a good looking shop and nearly identical down to the burrito prep counter.Food:  A meal is only as good as the ingredients and this is where M4 has dropped the ball.  They were able to copy the look, but not the taste of Chipotle.  For a mission-style burrito it's all about the rice, beans and meat.  The cilantro infused rice at M4 lacks the freshness, aroma and flavor of the original.  Beans are hard to mess up, but I found the beans undercooked and much too firm.  Last but not least was the carnitas.  M4's meat is a far cry from the delicious, slow-cooked succulent carnitas you'd expect.  Bland, hunks of unseasoned pork leave you unsatisfied and grabbing for some hot sauce to drown your sorrows.   Service: No waitresses or waiter at M4, but you do get to watch the people make your food.  I'm not sure if they were trainees or just very unconfident employees, but they really rolled those burritos like amateurs.  Practice makes perfect and I hope they improve.  Price: ~$22 for two burritos and chips/guacamole.  Decent price for Montreal fast food.  Tip:  Email, tweet, Facebook and write Chipotle to open up a shop in Montreal.  It's ridiculous that in a town the size of Montreal we can't get a decent mission-style burrito.  Even Paris has a Chipotle.Needless to say, I won't be back.
4	I've been longing for a burrito that ressembles Chipotle in Quebec... Well lo and behold, I am glad to have found M4. Rice isn't as amazing as it could be, meat however is very tender and was well spiced. Choice of many toppings and 4 different salsas. I have to say that I was a little sad that the guacamole was 1.25$ extra. The place was like a modern cafeteria, and ordering was simple since everything is divided into 4 steps.Overall, will definitely be going back as it did pack a punch and has an excellent price-food ratio.
4	The concept is simple; pick your meat, pick your toppings then try and stay awake after eating an entire burrito. I'll be honest with you - I think I fell in love. If you don't know what love is, it's pretty much the feeling you get when you see your waiter at a restaurant arriving with your food, or these burritos.
2	Served in a very modern looking atmosphere, full of stainless steel (which lacks any sort of Mexican feel at all.) The burrito is made with fresh ingredients and is extremely large and filling. The rice was very crunchy and undercooked. I found the burritos bland and lacking flavour. The corn salsa certainly had flavour and the guacamole was bitter. The hot sauces aren't well marked. Some are fruity instead of being spicy. Water seems to be rationed.
2	this place is almost the exact same as a Chipotle chain restaurant in the US. Over all its pretty good and would give it a higher rating but a few blocks over on St-laurent you'll find "Burrito Shop" which is way better and less expensive
2	Stay out of this place: arrogant owners, burritos are just mixed ingredients right out of the oven, mediocre service.  Great place for students though
5	I got the chicken burrito bowl and I have the say the chicken meat is way more juicy (less dry) than chipotle's. Great portions too. Cool ambiance. Only downside is the chips arent as good as chipotles. Highly recommended for healthy meal on the go...
2	Ive definitely experienced better.Very pricey!Wrapping technique needs improvement
3	I love burritos but I have to say I don't eat them that often. It's impossible to find good ones in Europe and haven't had the opportunity yet here in Montreal. Though I've had amazing ones in Oklahoma so I know what to expect!The place on St Denis has a young and modern feel to it, quite welcoming. The ingredients look fresh and smell nice. I had a Barbacoa burrito which was filled to the limit... the tortilla actually broke when the girl tried to wrap it but it didn't seem to bother her. I had the Pico de gallo sauce with that too. All in all the burrito was good though a bit watery/juicy (from the sauce, the meat and the rice...). I was expecting more taste and more freshness though, especially since it's actually their slogan...Around 9.50$ isn't cheap, but again this is Montreal and it seems to be normal prices around here (am I the only one who thinks that eating in Montreal is bloody expensive? Seriously?!)So, it's good though not extraordinary. I haven't had burritos elsewhere in Montreal so I don't know if it's how they are here or just this place... I will keep on investigating that question!
1	They served me the smallest burrito I've ever seen.  When I asked if it was a normal size burrito they said no it looks small but didn't do anything about it either.  It tasted ok but over priced and as everyone mentions service is very bad.
2	Perhaps when people were wishing they could have Chipotle (a McDonald's spawned generic burrito place from the US) in the reviews I should have assumed this was going to go poorly. It's edible but I've seen more options (and fresher) in ten foot long trucks in California and Texas. The tortillas are doughy and stretchy, the ingredients are bland. I understand avocados are dear here but charging extra for guac on a "Mission-style" burrito makes no sense, especially when that burrito already has a 100% price mark up for being moved to Montreal and made for you by dead-eyed college students. Meh.
5	Exactly like they advertise: fresh rolled burritos. All the food is prepared on location and you can definitely taste it. So many restaurant try to make us believe everything is fresh but they actually microwave and defrost most of their ingredients... I had a chat with the manager and she told me they actually prepare all the ingredients the same day it is served. I had a fantastic carnitas burritos with an extra of guac and veggies. I look forward to trying the other meats!
2	Yea... I wasn't impressed. The two stars that I'm giving are for the good looks of the restaurant, which can be an important factor, but it does nothing for the tastebuds. I ordered the tacos with barbacoa and it fell so short of my expectations. First of all, I thought tacos were supposed to be warm; if I had wanted cold food, I would've gotten sushi. Then the guacamole came out so runny and oily that it started dripping onto my plate. I wonder if that's  just a different genre of guacamole or they just cheaped out on avocado. The braised beef tasted okay, I guess, but I wouldn't be raving about it. In summary, the tacos weren't great and I'm not going back.
2	Asked a friend where the best burritos in town were and he said M4 so I decided to try it out. The place looks good which is a plus but the bad thing about that it's pretty much the only plus. I've eaten a lot of burritos in my time from all the awesome joints back in Sydney, Australia to some amazing Mexican food in California and NYC. The food here is average as can be. I ordered a carnitas burrito and it was bland and didn't taste like I was eating any meat at all. There was too much rice and the flavours of the guac took over the entire burrito. I've heard plenty of people say that Montreal doesn't really have any good Mexican joints and if I was just going by this one establishment I would tend to agree.
3	They have the right idea about it. The place is quite nice.The Burritos are good, but not "clapping your hands" good. And burritos are supposed to have some spiciness to them, but the lighter sauces are pretty bland. Well, maybe trying kicking up a notch next time.
2	The prices are okay. The burrito size on the other hands varies on who's making it!This place is somewhat like a Chipotle ( a mission style burrito place in the US)  ohh I love that place, if only they had some in Montreal!Anyways I went to M4 6-7 times, and every time i go back thinking that my experience might get a bit better, it isn't. 1st the meat portion is ridiculously small, and measured out. 2nd its bland! I tried all meats and i shouldn't be drowning it in hot sauce in order to get a flavor out of this thing. Last time I went, this guy did not know how to roll  properly, and then when i asked him to remake it , he made a face as if I was asking for too much. My burrito was so small I cried on the inside! I took some friends there and they actually enjoyed this place. As for me since Ive been to better burrito places in America , I can say that this isn't  the best burrito I ever had!
3	One thing to know : The Burrito is hugeFilled with rice and black beans, and your choice of meat (chicken, beef) or veggie, any option you'll choose will fill you up.You can decide to go for something a bit lighter like the Quesadillas, with sour cream, and your choice of salsa.It's all pretty fresh but it's still a "fast food" joint so I wasn't that impressed.I tried the "M4 beer" with coriander but am still waiting to taste the coriander.Good place if you're in a hurry and wanna have something else than a cheap burger.
2	Another 'meh' review. Being from out of the country, I grew tired trying to find a wifi signal and get reviews of the other touristy spots in the area, so I decided to go with what looked like my beloved chipotle.  Oy vey.Prices are fine for the portion size.. about the same as Chipotle, but with no comment about the sourcing - part of why Chipotle is expensive is because it's sustainable and natural. But like burritos in the mission district in SF, the food was bland bland bland.  My rice, which looked more like orzo pasta than actual rice, was the bottom of the barrel, and even at 730 pm, had been untouched so long that it was crunchy along the sides, which the maker actually scraped down into my "bol".. about 5x more rice than the girl who got a burrito in front of me.Beans were fine, but agreed that the meat had absolutely no flavor. At least it wasnt *bad,* just bland.  The salsas tasted pretty fresh at least, but I passed over the guac because it looked a tad watery.  A nice touch is their bottles of hot sauce that are there for the tasting, and then you can buy later.. more original than Tabasco and fun, island-fruit inspired flavors, with decent heat.  And they have a good hibiscus iced tea, very vibrant and flavorful, unsweetened but not tart. I think for the under 30 set, it's just fine, but at my age it's time to spend a little more and stop eating in the latin quarter in general.
3	Let me start off by saying this place is like a chipotle in almost every way. Except food quality. The food is fresh, authentic and flavourful. The rice has no flavour whatsoever in my opinion (needs a new recipe). The sauces are awesome from the pico de gallo to the mango habanero and great authentic iced tea. Decor in the place is hip and fun. But everything is negative from there. Service is not consistent. Some of the employees have a bad attitude. As well, the only 2 sauce allowed is absolutely ridiculous for the price of the food! I really don't get it. Finally, those portion controlled utensils they use belong in a cafeteria not a restaurant. If management changed those things id have no problem giving a 5-star. If you need the chipotle fix, this place is as close as it gets in the 514.
2	Not much to add to the other reviews -- a really cool interior with very mediocre food. Even if you don't think Chipotle is that great, you must admit that their food is consistent and the service is extremely efficient. At M4 (or, Chi-faux-tle as my husband calls it) the food is  much less flavourful than Chipotle and the people making the food seem to have never interacted with a flour tortilla before. The service is painstakingly slow (but very friendly), and there seems to be no system among workers about who is doing what and at what pace. I will not be going back -- there are other places in the area where you can spend about the same amount of money and get something better and probably faster -- sandwiches, pizza, noodles, etc.
2	I really really wanted this place to be great.  I was looking for something that is a little on the healthy side.  Unfortunately, after three trips, I've decided to throw in the towel.  My comments are as follows:THE GOOD:-- I really liked the look.  In fact, this is part of what drew me to the place.  These people really "appear" to have their stuff together with a nice, clean, franchise-chain-store look to it.  This is the reason I'm giving this review two stars, instead of one.THE BAD:--how "cheap" they are on ingredients... and I don't mean this in a way that is immediately apparent.  They now limit you to putting two items on your meal in certain categories.  It wasn't this way when they opened.  For me, being able to choose all four items in a category was great because I like to sample.   Alright, I can understand that four servings could cost the company a lot and they need to control costs. I get that.  So, the first time I ran into the new policy of only "two" items, I compromised and said, "okay, well, give me the four items anyway, but only at half quantities for each."  This was rejected.  Now that, I don't get.  This isn't costing the company anything extra.  It's just plain cheap.  My recommendation to M4 Burritos is to change this policy so that customers like me can get to sample all of the available toppings.--the service... the third time I visited I asked for the chicken but it wasn't ready.  The person at the counter asked if I was willing to wait.  "Sure," I said.  I waited and took one step back and waited by the rail.  I didn't walk away from the counter or anything, I just took one step back.  Now, get this... they completely forgot about me.  I was with three of my friends and they were all served (they didn't order chicken) and they finished their meal while I was waiting.  I just joined them after they finished and they all looked at me quizzically.  I explained what had happened and... I haven't been there since.--the management... needless to say, I've contacted management about all of the situations that occurred (I'm not taking time out here to describe all of them) and the owner / manager is not interested in customer suggestions at all.  The way she responds on the phone, it's apparent that she believes that she's offering perfection and there's absolutely no room for customer suggestions.  I'm sorry, but I've got no room for an operation that thinks like that.Don't worry, if they're still in business, I'll pop back in in another three years and see if things have changed.  In the meantime, they're losing out on $7 x 52 x 3 = $1092 of my dollars.  Sure, I'm sure that, in the grand scheme of things it's not a lot to M4 Burritos, but it's the only power I have to show how irritated I am with a place.
