4	This is a mixed review, but by the actions of the owner of the franchise, he turned a negative situation to a positive one. This review has nothing to do with the food. It's great..fresh, flavorful, salsa is perfect...I was in the mood for their lobster tacos. Was told by the order taker no lobster..2nd choice Mexicano Burrito w/ Monterrey jack and no sour cheese really simple order. Owner comes out says he's out jack cheese, needs to go to the store and will be right back. In the insuring time, they proceed to make up my orders. I asked if they had made my orders, she says yes. Says they will add the cheese later. Thirty minutes later owner comes back. Delivers the cheese to the kitchen to complete my order. Then walks up to me refunds me my $20.00 for the orders, says this order and my next one is on him.. Gives me my order, noticed the order has sour cream on it (the one I said no sc)...Apologizes, makes a replacement order. Walking out I get a call that I need another order. I order it..he doesn't charge me, unbelievable!! This guys knows customer service. This restaurant recently reopened after being closed for some time. I know this escapade cost him some $$$$$$. I'm definitely coming back!!!
4	I was visiting in LV and this was close by.  Beings I'm from a small town with few restaurants like this, I gave it a try.  I liked it!  I had a HUGE Nacho Burrito for lunch.  I went back for dinner and had one of their salads.  The salsas are really tasty.  All in all I'll be back whenever I make it back to the area.  It's on the order of Rubio's and Chipolte, which I've tried in other cities, not mine for sure........
2	If you want good Mexican food do not go here. It's the Mexican version of mcdonalds and I will never have it again.
4	Baja Fresh is always good, clean, quick and reasonably priced. Not authentic? Who cares! Tastes great to me.
4	Great value for the quality
1	Food was ok. But for two not worth $17. Lady seemed like he was in a bad mood and ordered wahoo bowl because of the mango salsa. Got my food did not have mango salsa. Asked for extra because they forgot and she said actually were out. Tell your customers before they pay! Not after you gave them their food!
1	If you specifically request guacamole and they charge you the extra "fee" for it, then they should put it on your damn burrito...  They even forgot the mild salsa.    First and last time eating at Baja Fresh.  Should have made the drive to Chipotle.
5	Great service & awesome food! I absolutely love their menu selection. The cashier was extremely sweet and helpful. They have an awesome salsa selection.
1	I FOUND A COCKROACH AT THE SALSA BAR!!! Do not eat here. They acted like it was fairly common to see a cockroach in their establishment. I had to wait for my refund because it was on a card and no one even went to the bar to replace the salsa or even clean the bug.... I normally don't review chains like this but I had to let my fellow yelpers to avoid this dirty place!
2	So this was my first time trying Baja Fresh with friends. It probably could have been a whole lot better. We went at around 8 pm I ordered a veggie nacho burrito with pinto beans and apparently if they run out of rice and hour before they close they don't make anymore. Plus they don't tell you that they don't have any more till after you get your food and ask why there was no rice in your burrito. Like I said it probably could have been better if I was not so upset with the lack of rice and the extra black beans that apparently make up for not having rice. But from now on when I want burritos I'm sticking with Roberto's or a not so commercialized restaurant.
1	I eat there rarely but many people from my office frequent there. A few months ago a coworker had a bug, alive, in her salad! While it is gross, I assumed, things happen, it's fresh ingredients and it was months ago... I just got my salad, BUG! It was dead but still disgusting!! I'm sick to my stomach. Yuk! The people who work there are polite and the front always looks clean but I'm never going back.
4	My favorite so far is the Shrimp Bowls. Yummy!
