4	This is a delightful little place for a glass of wine and bite to eat after work.  I finally stopped last Friday and was charmed.  Lisa G herself poured my glass and chatted me up.  I enjoyed some dessert.  It was quite good.  Lunch is also excellent.  Great salads and sandwiches made with MJ Bread.  A tad spendy. Salads and sandwiches come in around $9 and the special is $12.   I would eat here all the time, but I just got back from lunch for two and the bill was $40 (including tip but NOT wine).  Ouch.
1	If I could put zero stars I would.  Food is nice and all but service is most important.  I believe Lisa G herself is the woman who asked me and my boss and my boss's boss to leave our table and meet elsewhere so she could seat more people in the restaurant.  That's nice, thanks for nothing.  Anyhow, the bowl of balls were nothing to yelp about and I was quite disappointed that they carry the oddest soda flavors.  Don't ask what it is, your server thinks you are a whack job for not know knowing what the beverage selection is.I'm a bit bitter, maybe b/c I suggested the restaurant to my bosses and then got treated like dirt.  It looks so cute from the outside (and really is in the inside), and since I live in the neighborhood, I like to try out the new restaurants and bars.  Anyhow, Lisa G and her staff can take the balls and shove it.
4	Although I've only been to Lisa G once, the service at the bar was great, the food was excellent (I had the Juno sandwich), and the atmosphere was fine.  I look forward to going back soon.UPDATE: Ok, I've been back to Lisa G several times now with a friend who works in the area.  I must say, I really like the food.  So does my friend.  It's quality stuff, what can I say.  Everyone is friendly; I've never come close to the experience that Nadia C. had.  Although I think she overreacted.  In the owner's defense, she has a small area in the front of the restaurant that she requests people use for meetings after they've finished eating and only if there's a wait.  Since my first visit, I've ordered the Juno again (super yummy!) and Lisa's award winning balls.  I must say, they were quality balls.  My taste buds prefer sweeter balls, but these were really good.  You can tell a lot of love went into making these balls.  When I go I usually drink Voss sparkling water, but they do have an interesting soda collection (as was mentioned previously) that I look forward to sampling in the near future.I highly recommend you try it at least once.  You can be the judge if it's worth returning to.  I know I'm a repeat customer.
3	I've been meaning to try Lisa G's and finally got the opportunity last night.  It was pretty quite for a Thursday night.  I arrived and went right to the table where a friend was waiting.  The restaurant was only half full.We visited and the waiter kept checking on us.  I was drinking wine, my friend a pot of tea.  We finally ordered a few things, the meatballs, the vegetarian salad and the empanadas.The first to arrive were the meatballs.  They're pretty big.  Tasty and I love that they were served with a generous slick of, I think, pecorino (sp?) cheese.  The cheese was super tasty.  The meatballs were good, not the best I've ever had, but good.Next was the veg salad.  Organic mixed greens with roasted portobello, peppers, eggplant and a little feta cheese.  The salad was dressed very nicely and was really good.  I loved this salad and would eat it as a meal, but it was nice to share.Last were the empandas.  Very flavorful.  Heck, pretty much put anything in puff pastry and I'm sold.  The flavors were nice, but the pastry was a little limp and they weren't as warm as I'd like them.The atmosphere is super cute!  Good for a date or a night out with the girls.  Oh, and before we left, Lisa cam out to tell us about "Women Wine Night".  It's the last Wednesday of each month from 6:30 to 8:30.  Not sure what as is involved, but sounds like a nice little girls' night out.I'll definitely be back.
5	I finally had the opportunity to try out this place for lunch today.  I really enjoyed it.  The food was great and I found the service to be excellent.  Our waiter was the cutest guy too.  He was very helpful and cordial and kept our iced tea glasses continually filled.  I had the miniature sandwiches.  There were three little ones and I chose roast beef, chicken salad and turkey.  Yummy!  My friend had the chicken salad and seemed to really like it.  The place is located in a renovated older home and I think they've done a great job.I would love to return to try some other items on the menu, especially the meatballs.
2	Reviews in America West Magazine are always a shot in the dark- and this one I hate to say was a miss for me. There are a lot of cool, swanky, throw back elements. The place looks cool. BUT, some things have got to go:1. The little ottomans in the living room. They're squishy. Problem if your date is about 250 lb. He took one look at how much it squished when my 120 lb sat on it, smiled and said "You've got to be kidding!"2. Cold food. The meatballs are supposed to be fabulous and I'm sure they are when they're hot. I could have gotten past it if they were just warm, but they were really cold.3. Wine knowledge. This hurts to say because they are a wine bar, so I'm sure it's important to them that they get good reviews here. BUT, when I asked about the characteristics of some different chardonnays on the list, I didn't get a lot of details. Just their year and where they were from.Sorry Lisa G. I really want to like this place, but for now, my opinion is that this little cute place still needs some work.
3	This place is so cute. I love the location and the decor. Too bad the service was kind of weird and the food was iffy. Not bad. Just iffy.The first thing everyone mentions about Lisa G is thier meatballs. The meatballs are okay but not all that. I tried them after hearing everyone rant and rave and was a bit dissapointed. They weren't bad - just not the amazing experience I've heard about. My sandwhich was not that great either. I will say that my dining partners really enjoyed thier food and were quite happy with thier experience. In summary - I don't love the place but most other people do. To each his own.
3	I've been to Lisa G's a handful of times for lunch over the past two months with some of my co-workers. The decor is simple, yet chic. We always seem to get the same waiter each time we go, who knows our order almost to a T.  The lunch menu consists of a handful of sandwiches, some salads, the famous "bowl of balls", and typically a special.  I typically get the "Juno" which is a chicken sandwich with fontina cheese and onions. While nothing special, it is quite filling. However, it comes with no sides and costs $9. Not sure a chicken and cheese sandwich is really worth $9.A few weeks ago, my co-worker and I ordered the special of the day which was a chicken caesar salad. Now, to me, the word special implies something not served typically at a price comparably or a little less than other things on the menu. Well, our caesar salad was $12. For a special.I intend to check out Lisa G's for dinner sometime, as their dinner menu online sounds interesting.  I've glanced at the wine list and it doesn't jump out at me as very extensive...definitely not what I would expect from a place that bills itself as a wine bar.
5	Unfortunately, we used to live in the hood (Coronado). Then we moved. Then Lisa G opened up. Then we wanted to move back to the hood! I can only imagine how awesome it would be to be able to walk there.Keeping it simple:The Meatballs are big and magical. Get them on the bread as a Grinder. Love them so much we ordered 60 of them for a party. All gone!The trio of sliders are inventive, fresh tasting and delicious.The Juno, chicken sandwich with caramelized onions on fresh ciabatta, is crack.We didn't know Lisa when we fell in love with the place. But we know her now because we love her food. She is a wonderful and funny person. But even if she were a raging psychotic bitch, I'd keep coming back ;-)
1	Clumsy space delightful food, horrible lame service.. hostess wasn't very nice and the waiter was forgetful and spacey though he was VERY cute.. what happens when cute runs out?I actually wrote Lisa G an email describing the bad spacey service and told her the name of the server. She then informed me that was one of her best servers and I had to be mistaken! The only mistake here would be ever going back! She showed me, huh?!Single star for food only.
4	I'm sad to read the reviews about bad service and Lisa's disregard for it! I live near here and I try to go every now and then. We've been really lucky and have had great service. Catch is that our server the past three times has been the same woman. She's spunky, personable, and really just a great server.The food is good. I would recommend the brie. The rest is good, borderline great. The downside here is that it's extremely pricey. But I guess that's a natural consequence when your restaurant is decked out with (from what I can tell) most everything coming from DWR. I would recommend it highly. But I hope that I don't bite my tongue if I go back and get a different server. Here's to hoping!
3	A friend and I finally got around to trying Lisa G earlier this week. I was having "one of those days," and when I arrived at Lisa G a few minutes before my friend, I plopped myself down at the bar and ordered myself a big glass of Zin. I'm what I consider an "independent woman," but for the most part, it would have been more common for me to wait outside for my friend before indulging in a glass. There was something about the ambiance of the restaurant that was very inviting. Another single woman was also at the bar enjoying a beverage, and there were only a few tables in use.  (It was about 7:30 PM on a Tuesday night)My wine was amazing, but Allison and I were a bit baffled by the menu for dinner. At first we had no idea what to get. We ended up splitting the steak salad and the empanadas. The salad was very good, but the empanadas were cold inside. I'm not sure if they are supposed to be this way, but I was expecting warm veggies inside ... especially since one of the varietes was supposed to have cheese. We also enjoyed the creme brulee - perhaps the best part of the meal. I hadn't had creme brulee in years, and this was great.What will keep me coming back to Lisa G is this: The wine was great. The seating outside was lovely. And, my friend and I were able to chit-chat to our hearts content. I do recognize that we were there on a Tuesday night, though. The space is rather small, so I probably won't try to catch a quick meal before the theatre on a Saturday night.
4	I love minimalism.  If you can class up a place with a less-is-more approach, then you've exceeded the abilities of 95% of the American population.  Fortunately for the Cen Pholks Lisa G has this aptitude that transcends through her decor and into her simplistic, but delicious organic food.Now, here's my deal: you put prosciutto on your menu and and I'm gonna get b-boy on your hardwood floors like Ozone in Breakin' 2.  Lisa G's breakbeats the hell out of their prosciutto sandwich with caramelized onions, parm cheese, fig jam, and arugula on an Italian loaf.  A side of balls and their Alamos Ridge Malbec and I'm fresh.Service?  Never had a bad experience, but who cares?  The food outshines any flaws of a young dine-in.
4	I really enjoyed lunch at the Lisa G Cafe.  This is the cutest little restaurant; it looks like an old house complete with real wood floors, a fireplace and large windows, making it light and airy.  The decor was minimalist, with a few family photos, maybe of Lisa's family?  The place is tiny though, with maybe 10 tables and a small bar, there was also a nice outdoor seating area. I had a great cranberry chicken salad.  It was not what I expected, it was more two parts - a chicken salad and a fresh greens side salad with balsamic vinaigrette.  D. ordered the bowl of balls.  I think people order this just because they like saying 'bowl of balls' - people were ordering this dish like crazy - balls were all over the place.  The dish was comprised of 3 large meatballs in a marinara sauce, served with focaccia bread and a slice of parmesan. The "balls" are made up with 3 different types of meats: pork, chicken and veal; I was surprised they used veal, it seems like an organic place. Both dishes were incredibly good and satisfying, but not too much for a workday lunch. Sorry guys, but this seemed like a chick place, if I've ever seen one.  At one point D. asked if he was the only guy in the place, and I couldn't help but laugh.  I looked around and there were only 2 other guys and about 30 women!  Not something I would have even noticed, but the guys definitely stuck out.  I guess women really dig this place. Service was attentive and friendly.  I didn't try any of the wines, but the wine list looked decent.  I'll definitely be back to sample some vino in the future.
5	I love the place, and I love Lisa G. First, some of the menu choces rock: the antipasto plate makes indecision a virtue, the vegetarian lasagne is a great special, and the shrimp tacos on Tuesday night are a treat.The space is cool and sophisticated, and Ms. Lisa G. is a friendly and dedicated presence in Central Phoenix.
4	Some of my favorite yelpers have been displeased with the antics of one Miss Lisa G. So needless to say I was a bit nervous when meeting Kristin S for lunch recently. Will one of their famous "balls" be hurled at my head if I use the wrong fork? If I take too long to dine will I be ejected by a rogue mob of hospitality lesbians? Upon entering the tiny, sparse yet comfortable space I was immediately greeted and seated. My beverage order was taken quickly and delivered promptly with a smile. Hmmm...now. I'm waiting for Kristin S. Is this where I will be sneered and jeered at by anxious table turning servers? Nope. The menu is limited to sandwiches and salads. Not even a soup. I chose the tuna salad with a Dijon caper dressing...fantastic. Kristin S had the veggie sandwich and said it was good as well. The decor is clean, warm and modern. I could do without the pictures of children on the wall. Really. Was this a day care before? The balls? I guess I'll have to try them next time. Though eating balls made by a lesbian does make me a tad nervous. Lisa G? Gee I think I'll be back.
2	Not impressed. Start with the service. Not professional. It seemed as though the wait staff was clueless as to the table numbers. We were given the wrong table's order twice. Second, the food was conceptually a mess. No clear theme or flavor profiles. The food was heavy, greasy and took forever to arrive. None of the dishes were memorable. Third, the wine selection seemed to be lacking. And, the sommelier didn't know where the wine was from she was serving. Not impressed.
4	Lisa G's is not a traditional restaurant, you've got to keep that in mind when you go, and review here. Lisa G's serves food that is meant to be enjoyed with drink, though I wish the selection of liquor was more extensive. How 'bout some local brews too? Aside from limited liquor selection, I do recommend Lisa G's. The food is wonderfully basic, fresh and unpretentious.  A great place for a date, friends, fam, etc.
4	I went for lunch and I'd love to review it again going for dinner. I went with a co-worker and we both chose the sandwich sampler. Though the 3 sandwiches appear to be small they definitely do the trick and are the perfect portion size. Our service was good and I was glad to have gotten there by 11:30 as it was a packed house shortly after. A nice place for lunch, I'd love to go back and sample some of the salads and other sandwiches even though the menu is a bit limited at lunch time.
4	Yikes! I feel sorry if you go to this place and they make you sit on one of their dumb footstools.  Otherwise this place is great!  Great food, shared a bowl of balls and the empanadas.  Mmm and a nice bottle of wine.   Again, another old house converted into a restaurant in downtown Phoenix. Very nice!
4	"Not that there's anything wrong with it..."My bad. Lisa G is not a card carrying member of the Ellen club. Nope. Straightie through and through. So go to Lisa G and eat her balls.
4	I'm not normally a "salad-person".  Somehow, Lisa makes salads taste SO good that I find myself craving her leafy-greens on a regular basis.  The cranberry salad is my favorite.  The steak in the steak salad was a little too well-done.  I wish that my server had given me the option med-rare on that one.  The balls are yummy - I just wish that they came with a side salad (here I go with the leafy greens again...).  The green tea is my favorite drink there - very refreshing.  I wish that the lunch prices were $2 lower and that the acoustics were a little better in there.  Maybe lay down a few rugs?  The bathrooms are nice though!
3	Is the converted house bar/restaurant rampant in PHX or is it just something I've managed to come across over and over again?  Either way I'm apparently a fan, although Lisa G's was just middle of the road.To be fair, I've just been there for drinks, and I had a good time both times.  The service wasn't impressive, but not terrible.  Selection was decent, there seemed to be a little something that everyone should be able to find palatable.  But man, I don't get the pricing.  Seemed a bit much for the experience.Maybe the food makes it a four.  Maybe if you don't scoff at $10 mixed drinks its a five.  I do know that even though the picture of Lisa G above the fireplace is a tad creepy, I think its kind of hilarious and awesome.
4	Lisa g is a really cute little restaurant in the coronado historic neighborhood. I have been there many times for lunch and a couple times for dinner. on the lunch menu I really like the juno sandwich with chicken and carmelized onions, and i usually don't eat much chicken. the bowl of balls is good, i have also had it as a grinder.  the salad with tuna and white beans is also good. The seafood salad is good, but nothing spectacular. they really have a good list of appetizers that would go well with wine, but in general, the dinner menu lacks variety.They get their desserts from tammie coe, which sometimes are good and sometimes are just ok. at dinner they serve this delicious plate of skewers...they are really yummy.
5	Delish. Bowl of Balls. Tiny Pies. Enuf said.
4	I can finally say I've been to Lisa G's.  I'm not sure what took so long, but I'd been wanting to try it for a while.  I went for a business lunch meeting on a Monday.  The place is cute, service welcoming and attentive but not pushy, and food was impressive as well.  I went with the veggie sandwich on toasted wheat bread.  The combination of fresh roasted veggies plus farmer's cheese and tomato jam is simply perfect! I liked it so much that I planned on going back that same week on Friday to get the same thing.  Unfortunately, when I walked in the door just past 2pm, we were turned away... they close mid-day at 2pm.  Bummer!All in all, I'll optimistically give Lisa G 4 stars, but I will have to return to try more from the menu and check out their wine list next visit and update then.  If you plan on going, make sure they are open so you're not let down the way Thomas and I were when we went.PS - I am adding this to my "It's all about the Eggplant" list since their veggie sandwich has yummy eggplant as one of the yummy ingredients!
4	I visited Lisa G's some weeks ago with a couple of cool chicks. I was excited to finally be going to have dinner there as I had heard so much about the place, I had been dying to try it myself. We arrived to Lisa's "house" and I was surprised at the simple but elegant decor. We waved a hello to Lisa who was behind the bar and were greeted by our waitress. Ah.. our waitress. I usually like to engage whomever is serving us and get their thoughts on food and wine. Our waitress seemed disinterested in any of that. In fact when we asked what a certain red table wine was a blend of she just replied "I don't know." She should have said "Let me go find out." Oh well, minor detail, but that stuff irritates me. We perused the simple and small menu. OF COURSE I had to have a bowl of balls! Oh my gosh... the balls...were just....so tasty! The dish came covered with PLENTY of sauce on top, a slice of bread, and a slice of parm that just crumbled over the balls. Want to make me wag my imaginary tail? Make a simple dish, but make it VERY well. I was delighted that such a seemingly simple dish such as the bowl of balls brought so much flavor to the table with good quality ingredients. The fantastic food made me forget out lackluster waitress. That's key! I will definitely be back to Lisa G's to try her other dishes....or maybe just have another bowl of balls!
2	In the interest of full disclosure, I have to say that I used to come here all the time when it was Ye Olde Sandwich Shoppe. The service was fun and fast, the house was virtually untouched from the 1920s down to the extent of the old TV sets and the creaky wood floors, and they had absolutely the BEST SOUPS in town!Well, they lost their lease and then this lady Lisa G. moves in. Next think you know, the fabulous, funky 1920s bungalow has had its heart ripped out in favor of MODERN DECOR [yecch!!!]-so I really have to ask Ms. G "why didn't you go find some new digs if you wanted modern decor?" I HATE it when people rip out the fabulous old wood floors and plaster and put in drywall!!! That said--the food is good [kind of modern fusion], I've only been there twice for lunch so I can't say how dinner is, and since I've only been there for lunch I can't say if the wine list is any good. Perhaps I'll be back for dinner--if hubby and I can take seeing what's been done to one of our favorite lunch hangouts, that is.And the soup? Sorry, I'd rather go back to Ye Olde Sandwich Shoppe in its dreary industrial setting over at 31st Ave. and Thomas and get their fabulous soups. Not there's anything wrong with Lisa G's soups, but the Sandwich Shoppe ladies have everybody beat.So--food rates a 3.5, ambiance a 1.5 for tearing out the funkiness of yet another one of our dwindling number of historic homes. But all you yuppie urban types out there are gonna be happy campers, so go have a great time.
5	LOVE this place. Lisa and her staff are always super friendly and welcoming. There has not been a single time when I have not been IN LOVE with the food. I have tried a ton of stuff on their menu and it is always fantastic. The atmosphere is just wonderful. If you have not tried this place you really are missing out. This is my favorite place in Phoenix!
5	Just moved to Phoenix from San Diego a few months ago and enjoy eating Lisa's meat balls several times a month.  The drinks are good and so is the atmosphere.. Love the apple pie they had a few weeks ago!!  Went again on New Years Eve and they had a Berry Cobbler, Yummy!!!!  They always make us feel so welcome even on a busy night.  Please keep up the great work!  See you Friday night:)
4	Keep your eyes open, I almost drove right by this place. Might have been because it's a lot more house-looking than restaurant-looking. Not complaining, just saying. I love the converted house thing, just wasn't expecting it. Or maybe it was because the Yelper I was following turned into the parking lot a moment after two cars cut in front of me and she disappeared from view. Either way, I found it, and I'm glad I did.First, I gotta give 'em props for the way they handled our large, unexpected and occasionally raucous group - service was friendly and efficient. Lisa G herself even came over to say hello, pose for pictures and answer detailed questions about her fabulous food. Did I just say fabulous? Weird. Not part of my typical nomenclature. Did I just say nomenclature? Did I use it correctly? Anyhoo - was part of a large group like I said, so I got to sample/steal bits and pieces of several different menu options.. cheese, cranberries, and candied almonds from the antipasto plate, shrimp and veggies from the skewer plate, more candied almonds from the antipasto plate, the empanadas - ooh, the empanadas - they were the best part. I'm not sure which I enjoyed more, the eggplant/zuchini/blue cheese & pine nuts or the Mushroom/onions/almonds & parmesan cheese.. Probably the eggplant, which is weird, because I don't normally care for eggplant. Oh, but the mushrooms were so good. Hmm.. think I'll have to go back and have them again to be sure. Lastly, we ordered the seared ahi mini-sandwiches with wasabi sauce, which I loved - though the Yelper I shared them with didn't so much. But she's crazy, you shouldn't listen to her.
5	Now that I have met Lisa G. this place is even better than before.  She's such a sweetheart.   Still a great place with wonderful food (maybe you will be there on a pizza night) and of course the wine is great!
3	I used to live just down the street form this place and could only remember going once or twice. Recently, I had been hearing lots of people mention going there and loving it, so I went back to figure out why I never went more often. The prices and portions. I order the trio mini sandwiches and although they were very tasty, the turkey one being my fav, I couldn't believe how much a had just paid for them and then no sides! I scewer with a little pickle , a piece of artichoke and a radish I think. I can't remember really, cuz I just picked it up and looked at it strangely wondering what the hell I was supposed to do with it and how those flavors went with any of the three snadwiches on my plate! The menu is limited but the food is good. So if you've got the money to burn, go for it. Or go with agroup and split some food for munching.
4	A great place to have a small meal and tie one on.  The service is always attentive and genuine.  I appreciate that they let their servers wear their own clothes, and I think it's cool that the staff is mostly (entirely?) female in such a male-dominated industry.I'm pissed that they got rid of their Malbec, though.  That shit was tasty!  And they have such a nice patio...but it's non-smoking.  Ew.
4	I really enjoyed Lisa G's. I went with a bunch of other Yelp-he's and Yelp-she's after the last OYE and was pleasantly surprised. I have driven by several times and I love the logo and the sign, and used to live within walking distance, so it was on my list of places to visit.I love the fact that Lisa G is bopping around taking care of business. I think that people who actually participate in the day-to-day operations of their business are doing it right.Everyone was really pleased with their meals, and I really enjoyed the taste of pizza I stole from my neighboring yelp-she.I am definitely looking forward to hitting Lisa G's again and trying out some more tasty treats!
4	I love Lisa's Bowl of Balls.  It is a very yummy and satisfying dish.  I go to Lisa G's just for her meatballs when I'm craving meat.  I highly recommend this dish.
5	Five reasons that I love this place:Mini Sandwiches: MJ bread with a little bit of heaven in the middle (my favorites are tied between chicken and tuna).Tiny Pie: If you go on a tiny pie flight night, don't waste the opportunity, get it. Since I'm a midget, they make me feel normal sized (notice the theme of my adoration towards shrunken food).The decor: Redone house, great picture of baby Lisa above the mantle, beautiful artwork by one of the staff members, and a totally dope patio.The wine: great selection and the staff is happy to tell you which ones they like.Lisa G!: I love that the owner is behind the bar, and she makes you feel like you're hanging out at her house having some wine, fun, and food.
4	Guess you could call me a "Bowl of Balls" virgin.  Today was my first visit to Lisa G Cafe & Wine Bar and of course, had to try the "balls" I've heard so much raving about! YUMMY!  Really great tasting and quite filling, almost couldn't finish the whole serving.  Why is it that I never leave room for dessert?  I'm dining backwards one of these days - I'll start with the dessert and see what I've got room left for!  When the waitress told me they had creme brulee I almost thought about ordering it!  Oh well, there's always next time...and there will definitely be a next time for me at Lisa G's!  Loved it!
4	I love this joint.  Though if I had been given the naming rights, I would have called it Lisa G.'s Beer and Balls.  I love the beer, and as many others have proclaimed, "I LOVE LISA G.'S BALLS!"  Awesome.  The seafood salad is also really excellent if you are a seafood fan.  It's got a ton of protein, and it's very filling.   Go there.  Now!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  My friends and I have spent SO many evenings enjoying great food and incredible wine on Lisa's patio, that I think I could recite her menu aloud.  I won't but I think I could..We love just ordering Tapas-style (easy with all of the yummy appetizers) and hanging out for the evening - especially on Wednesdays when Joseph is there to read Taro Cards ($20 for 10 minutes and he's REALLY good).Here's a quick list of my favorites (though I'll probably forget to mention some)Puff Pastries (Empanadas)SkewersMini-SandwichesBALLS (of course)AntipastoSmoked Salmonah, I know I'm forgetting something... Cuz, it's ALL great food.AND..If you're a Red Wine person, try her Red Zin... YUM!The weather always seems to cool down enough in the evening that we don't obsess about it too much, but it would be nice to see misters out on the patio someday.  But, if that never happens, I'll still go!
4	I had a great time on Lisa G's patio with a bunch of other #PFN'ers last Friday. I thoroughly appreciated the owners' generous extended happy hour pricing for our fairly large group. The waiters/waitresses, there were 3, were all very friendly and quick. It was hot out on the patio but the wine was cold. My only knock is that they ran out of the only wine I liked. A pet peeve of mine is when restaurant don't have something on their menu. But all was good when I switched to the Lemon Drop martini made with fresh lemon juice. It was so good I instantly forgot about the missing Riesling. I can't wait to go back and try the food next time. I looked really good. And it seems there are plans for misters on the patio. I recommend dining inside until then during the summer.
4	I went there a few weeks back for #pfn and it was a great way to start my vacation.  A bowl of balls and a couple of Peroni's were just the ticket.  Considering the size of our group the wait staff did an excellent job.  Because there were at least 6 dogs in our group we were out on the patio with them in what I think was the hottest evening to date this year.  I had never been to a place that welcomed customers dogs so openly and even in the heat the dogs seemed to appreciate it and I think I only heard 2 barks all night.  I liked the atmosphere and wouldn't mind the drive across town again some time.
4	I decided to stop in to Lisa G's after dropping my brother off at the airport the other day.  Well, 'decided' is maybe too strong a word.  Since it was rush hour, it was a choice between dinner near Sky Harbor or sitting in traffic for an hour.  I fired up the Yelp app on the iPhone and realized Lisa G's wasn't too far off.  So off I went.Upon arrival, I already knew I was going to like this place.  The restaurant is in another one of those converted houses that are so prevalent around Phoenix.  The patio looks like a great area to sit and eat or grab a drink at.  I actually almost considered it, then I remembered I was in Phoenix and it was still over 100 degrees outside.  However, as I walked in, I did look to the window and see the Yelp reviewed signage up there.  It made me smile.I was promptly greeted and decided to sit at the bar.  A glass of some spectacular red zinfandel soon came to my hand and I decided to assault their menu.  It's not a big menu, but everything sounded good.  On top of that, the smells wafting from the kitchen to the right of the bar did nothing to assist with my indecision.  As usual, I asked the bartender and the server what they recommended.  I was advised to try the spaghetti and meatballs, the house special.While I waited for my food, I continued to be chatted up by the bartender, the server (Stacey), and the host (Jeff).  It all felt very comfortable and homey.  The crew seemed very comfortable together and it just made the whole experience there that much more delightful.The food arrived steaming hot and smelling like pure meat and saucy happiness.  The chef at Lisa G's had turned spaghetti and meatballs into a true dinner.  The meatballs are apparently what the place is known for and rightfully so.  They were amazing.  When I finished basically licking the plate clean, I was almost tempted to get their "bowl of balls" because the meatballs were just that good.  The sauce was excellent as well and, by comparison, the pasta itself was a letdown.  I think it got a bit overcooked, but I'm not gonna complain too stridently, as everything else was so good.I chatted with the staff for a while longer, learning about an upcoming wine tasting (9-10-09) and their pizza and psychic nights (Wednesday nights).  I left happy with a wonderful meal and having met some good people.  And there was no traffic on the way home.
4	I went to Lisa G's a while back with some friends and we loved the Bowl of balls (Fa m i l y R e c i p e o f B e e f, Po rk , Ve a l , E g g s , I t a l i a n Pa r s l e y a n d O t h e r S e c re t s).  I've been craving them ever since.  The rest of what we ordered, the empanadas and a sandwich were good, but not great.  The fallen chocolate souffle cake was to-die-for.  I thought the glasses of wine were pretty pricey.  I'm not much of a wine drinker, though, so I may be totally wrong.  I like cheap wine as much as expensive wine!  I want to go back and try the pizza since it got such stellar reviews.
5	Not even sure where to start on this review....I was so very impressed !!  Had the pleasure of eating here last week and have no clue why I waited so long!  Bad Gina!The outdoor patio is fantastic.  The are where I sat has some sort of old machine that's been revamped into a super cool water fountain sculpture.  It was very calming to listen to while sitting on the patio.For dinner I had the bowl of balls...WOW....these were great!  Homemade meatballs by a real Italian....I'm very very picky about Italian food since I grew up with real Italian food back East.  Not to sound snobby, but my parents were born and raised in Italy so I know a little bit about Italian food  :)  My Dad would even approve of these meatballs and he is SUPER fussy !The wine selection is very nice and the drinks were on special that night.  $6 for any drink!!  What a deal.  I had a really nice Reisling...yumI can't wait to go back and try Lisa G's again.  Hopefully for their Wednesday Pizza and Psychic night.Thank you Lisa G for bringing a little taste of home to me in Phoenix!
1	Lisa G. GOES OUT OF BUSINESS! Tonight is the last night for her self-portraiture.Source:http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2009/10/lisa_g_goes_out_of_business_on.php
3	Just an FYI everyone.  There is no "new owner" of Lisa G's.  There is a new restaurateur that bought the equipment and inventory at that location.  What is the difference?  He did not pay for the name, menu or assume debt.  This includes her gift certificates.  To ask a new business owner to honor them at a 100% loss is a little much.  This is one of the toughest industries at one of the toughest times.  I am not affiliated with either just wanted to put in an impartial word.  Thanks for reading :)
