5	The Mint Museum Uptown is the re-incarnated Mint Museum of Craft & Design and the American and modern European art from the original Mint on Randolph Rd.  Combined, this museum makes for the most eclectic collection of styles and mediums.  While I'm not quite an art aficionado, I recognize that this new Museum should put Charlotte on the map for "destination' museums. The four floors are dedicated to different styles and mediums.  The collections are as varied as modern British pottery to Ansel Adams.  Yeah, I said Ansel Adams!  There is a large collection of early American paintings until World War 11 and the Romare Bearden collection deserves a review in itself.  My favorite work was "Charlotte's Charlotte", (see my photo section), a look at how Queen Charlotte is as diverse as Charlotteans themselves. HINT: She wasn't 100% European. The BOA Masterworks collection deserves an honorable mention: avant-garde artwork from the post World War 11 era (think surealism and pop art).If you should tire from viewing art at the Mint, they have a nice museum store and cafe in the bottom.  You can leave and return within a given day OR visit the Mint Museum on Randolph on the same day with the same ticket. And there's the rest of the cultural campus; the Harvey Gant center, the Bechtler, and the Knight Theater. Either way, the admission price to the Mint is the most redeeming $10 you'll spend uptown.
4	When we came here to pay we were told this space just opened up in the last two weeks. So clean, airy and spacious and a ton of art. I liked that they had a room geared towards kids on the main floor, one floor for the craft and design art stuff as well as one floor of paintings. We started on the top floor and worked our way down. The special collection was a fave of mine. So many great works of art to see- only wish I was that talented. It was interesting to see the ceramic art- what people use their imaginations to come up with- I wish I was that creative! A must see in Charlotte.
4	Greatly enjotyed this newly opened museum.  the modern art, paintings, and different mediums (e.g., glass, clay, furniture) mixed it up and kept it interesting.  the museum is the right size to be able to spend a few hours relaxing and walking around without feeling overwhelmed if you don't see it all.
5	Love this museum. The architecture of the building is absolutely beautiful and the layout of the galleries flows rather well. The Mint offers an array of modern art pieces- many of which are Carolina local pieces.The Mint also offers a variety of events such as First Fridays and Music & Movies at The Mint. They're loads of fun, free to members and a great way to meet like-minded, art-appreciative people in the area.Definitely check them out!
4	My friend and I saw a sign that said that the Mint Museum had a Platform Shoe exhibit.  Of course we had to go.  I assumed the exhibit was at the Mint Museum Uptown.  But, I hadn't realized there was a location on Randolph Road and that's exactly where our shoe exhibit was. The lady at the front said that our $10 ticket would get us into both locations as long as we went the same day.  We happily explored the Uptown location first.  I wasn't too interested in the pottery exhibit but some of the contemporary artists really caught my eye.  I really liked a new contemporary American artist that I had never seen before -- Charles Clough.  We also explored a jewelry exhibit, an inventions exhibit and a large collection of Ansel Adams photographs.  I really enjoyed the whole museum especially the phone-in audio tour.  I wish it was offered on more pieces.  The museum was clean, quiet and well lit.  They even offer a scavenger hunt for kids to play where they can find specific items within the artwork.  I thought it sounded like fun and would have been more than happy to play it myself.  I am looking forward to learning more about what the Mint Museum Uptown has to offer.  And, I would definitely consider buying a membership.  I highly recommend checking this place out.  There are lots of different types of exhibits so everyone is guaranteed to find something of interest.To read my review on the Platform Shoe Exhibit, check out the Mint Museum on Randolph Rd.
4	I got the chance to visit the Mint uptown this week and spent almost two hours wandering from floor to floor enjoying the museum itself and some of the wonderful current exhbits.  Right in the door is a wonderful royal blue chandlier from the Dale Chihuly Studio that was just beautiful! Probably my favorite that night would be the Ansel Adams photography collection, although there were several close seconds like Native American and NC Pottery.  This was my first visit to this location and I wasn't disappointed with the great architecture of the museum itself, the layout of the exhibits and the exhibits themselves!  Tuesday evenings are free after 5pm and a great time to check it out!  Parking is avaiable right across the street and easily accessible, even for directionally challenged folks like myself :) I look forward to returning soon!
4	Bravo, Mint Museum - your exterior matches your interior. This museum is quite shiny and new with seriously stunning exterior, super clean facilities and a few very interesting galleries. With my parents in town and in tow, we started from the top and walked through the handful of galleries, making our way down. I really appreciate the audio tours that are accessible via cell phone. Be aware that only one piece per room (roughly) offers an audio tour - which is very cool. I kinda wish there were more audio tours available. Regardless, these cell tidbits made the experience that much more enjoyable as I stalked through the galleries. Some of my favorites include the Charles Clough collection, Ansel Adams display, a special Norman Rockwell piece and two very interesting lithographs, "Cindy" and "Gretchen" by Robert Longo. I probably spent 1.5 hours walking through (one gallery was closed due to a new installation) and thoroughly enjoyed it. It's definitely worth checking out!
5	I got the opportunity to return to the Mint Museum Uptown last night to see the great new exhibit Attitude and Alchemy: The Metalwork of Gary Noffke - you definitely should check it out!!  We also enjoyed the Music and Movie event for April which was Jazz in the Atrium and the movie 'Key Largo' with Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall - what a great idea to watch films at the Mint!  Check it out - Let's Get Reel on 2nd Tuesdays of each month!  Next month's movie is "O Brother Where Art Thou?' Parking is a breeze across the street, admission is very reasonable and FREE on Tuesday nights from 6 to 9pm, the movie admission was $5 per person (Free for members, nonmembers bring cash - cards not accepted)...Take the family, take a date or take yourself and check out this wonderful museum!
4	I've been to the Mint Museum several times now and am a fan! It's a great museum comparable to the size of our city and very modern. I love the Ansel Adams section the most...it's not that large, but his top photos are there. Affordable and a good spot for a rainy day. Halcyon restaurant it attached to the museum as well.
4	Talk about an impressive facility! I've been here a couple of times and each time I have been impressed. They have various galleries on the multiple floors and offer a great variety of art to admire. They also have audio tours in case you like hearing about the details of what you're looking at. However, I didn't do it. My phone doesn't get good reception here and I can't remember if that had anything to do with not listening to the audio tour...There are conference and event rooms of different sizes and it's ideal for an impressive luncheon or function. I would love for my work to host a banquet for our graduates in here, but I hear it is very expensive to book something here. I can dream...Parking is very convenient and the elevators take you directly to the entrance of the museum or their restaurant, Halcyon. Go and enjoy!
4	Full disclosure: I volunteer at the MMU as a docent, so yes, I am biased. But only because it's awesome.Fantastic addition to the Uptown Arts scene - along with the Bechtler and the Gant - and really pushes Charlotte past big bank town status and further into small city with arts culture status.The building is modern and airy with lots of natural light. Overall, well designed. Also, there is a comfortable auditorium where art lectures are held and often open to the public. Great kids learning/art area on first floor with games and arty stuff for the little ones. The Art galleries are on the 3rd and 4th floors. Special exhibits on both floors are on the right-hand side as you walk out of the elevator. Permanent collections are on the left. There is a smattering of art throughout the halls as well - don't ignore them.Third floor is Craft and Design which was formerly housed in the now defunct Mint Musuem of Craft and Design Uptown. Very strong collection of Glass, Wood, Ceramic and mixed media. Would like to see more Fiber arts.Fourth floor is Fine art and moves from traditional Portraiture to Landscape and then onto Contemporary. Right before Contemporary is a walk-through gallery dedicated to Romare Bearden and is an excellent overview of his work. Bearden was born in Charlotte, and the Mint holds the largest public collection of his work. On that note: The Mint will be doing a big celebration/ retrospective of his work in the Fall - so definitely watch for that!First Fridays -check the Mint FB page or website for exact dates- are a lot of fun offering music, cash bar and access to the museum galleries. Typically, there are a few docents on hand to give mini-tours - which is a great way to get acquainted with the museum. Honestly, I could go on and on and on...In short, it's impressive. GO!Final note: The gift shop is well curated, so make sure to stop by and browse.
4	Beautiful building with some interesting exhibits.  Go on the free night and you can see most everything in a couple of hours.  My favorites continue to be the craft areas with the glass and wood works.  There are also quite a few paintings, unique sculptures, photography and some changing exhibits that keep things fresh.
5	This is a Great Museum - Tuesday Nights are still Free!Great Gift shop on the Ground Floor!  Second floor has a large reception area, Atrium and 240 seat auditorium where they show films sometimes. We saw Amelie and Key Largo there.Floor M (probably Mezzanine?) has a Conference center and a second entrance to the AuditoriumThird floor houses The Mint Museum Craft + Design.  There is a large Glass project entitled Threshold, many other glass works in two rooms beside the fist room.  Also many wood pieces, furniture, pottery and more. One side has "Permanent" Collections and the other side has Changing Exhibitions. The fourth Floor is called The Mint Museum of Art.  Last night the 4th floor Theater was showing one of the films it showed when the Museum was first opening (October 2010) This film is animated (looks old) like a black and white drawing with some bright blue.  This is a cool style of animation for any of you who study or appreciate Art of this kind!  The story is much like a dream, I cannot explain, nor interpret it no words, only music and sound effects - I like it much more than the other video they have been playing for months!The Top floor can be  reserved for Weddings and other private or public functions!  It is a good size and has an outdoor terrace.
4	Let me preface by saying that I'm in no way an art connoisseur, so my review is best targeted to the unpretentious museum goers out there. Simply put, I don't always "get" art. From my experience, most art museums can be a bit of a snoozer or a mixed bag. But believe it or not, nearly all of the Mint Museum was an enjoyable and entertaining experience. The setting is modern and bright--its warm and welcoming ambiance will immediately capture your attention (unless you really, really prefer dusty, old museum settings). The craft + design and decorative art exhibits were definitely big highlights.I won't lie...some of the art displayed made me think, "Hey, I could make that!" or "How did this even make it past the front door??" But having the chance to judge and be a silly art critic was all a part of the fun. Oh, and did I mention the Mint Museum is FREE on Tuesday nights?? Can't beat that. But even if I had to pay the standard $10, it would still be worthwhile.
4	Not for the museum or the exhibit!I was in town for a conference and one of the reception/cocktail hour was at the top floor of the Mint Museum, and I gotta say, it's a beautiful spot for this sort of event.At the top floor, you get a beautiful view of the city (Westin, Duke Energy, Nascar building).  It's not that high up but it still offers a bird's eye view.  The patio area is spacious and the ballroom is big enough to hold quite a bit of us there.  Of course, food was catered, as well as the bar since I doubt the museum has a full kitchen.I'm just sad that I didn't get to check out the museum for myself.  I'm not an expert on art, especially modern art, but it's always neat and enlightening to see things from other's point of view and dive into the psyche of their creations!Overall, this space is gorgeous and spacious.  Lots of people clamored how great it is and definitely left a big impression on all the outside-towners!
4	I finally checked out the new Mint since I was attending the YAM's Black & White gala.  I was  impressed with the new space as well as the party that the YAMs put together.The museum itself is modern, open, and quite large.  My favorite exhibit on this visit was the Romare Bearden collection.  It is quite extensive and there are a lot of great pieces. Back in the day (10-15 years ago) I was a YAM (Young Affliliate of the Mint).  As a YAM, I  attended a lot of special events at the old Mint of Craft & Design (in the old Montaldo's building) as well as lots of events at the Randolph Mint.  This venue is larger and better equipped to handle special events and parties than the old Mint of Craft & Design.  The food, drinks, and music at the Gala were all quite good. Can't wait to go back for another event at the Mint, or just to spend an afternoon wandering through the galleries again.
4	Well thought-out collection and a very manageable number of pieces.I went while I was in town for business and spent about two-three hours looking at the Craft + Design gallery and the Sheila Hicks (temporary) exhibition. I was there on a Saturday and was basically alone with the art, which was lovely.  I have to admit that I only skimmed the American and Euro art, but would definitely send people this way if they had a few hours.
2	Fantastic museum - clean, classy, airy but horrible service.  My husband refused to put his sticker on him and didn't give it to me either.  Soon we parted ways.  Eventually I was stopped by their security and told that I couldn't wonder around.  Then she told me I "need to look for my husband." Hello? Should I go back in wondering around again? Everybody who works in the museum carry a walkie-talkie - makes me wonder if they are used for work at all.  Heaven forbid if I had children and one of them got lost.  On top of that, she gave me an attitude.  So yes, great museum, lousy service.
4	Haven't been to this Mint ever and since it was a free admission weekend I decided why not?  I'm glad I did.  I'm not really a museum guy so that being said, I struggled through some of the exhibits while others really grabbed my attention.  It was pretty crowded when I went with my girlfriend and truthfully I think I wouldn't mind going back and not feeling so crowded or rushed to really absorb some of the artwork.  Even though I didn't pay I think the tickets for admission is pretty reasonable so it makes for a great place to pop in on a lazy Sunday.  Not to mention the ultra chic Halcyon (sp) restaurant right out front!
3	Very poorly designed. The entrance is like walking into a movie theater. The open atrium is a showcase for the escalators. The galleries are dark (the directors have always been afraid of light) and they are wall to wall carpet. Awful. The Randolf  location is worse... unless your into dishes. There needs to be NEW, YOUNG blood from a large city to curate their shows.
5	If my first graders could plan a perfect day, it would involve breakfast at Amelie's followed by a trip to the Mint Museum Uptown, lunch, and then some crazy fun at Discovery Place. My kids know how to have a great day!I cannot tell you how many friends are shocked to hear that the Mint Museum is a great place for little people! Please, please, please... bring your children to this museum. My kids cannot get enough of the kids room  located just past the check-in desk. They honestly could spend all day there - creating their own art, building structures with magna-tiles, recreating artwork with puzzle pieces - and so much more. I usually negotiate a set amount of time that we will hang out in the kids room and then we plan to hit 2 other galleries upstairs. The Mint Museum has a countless array of "Artventures" for the kids to choose from - such a great concept! Each "artventure" gives kids a task and a specific gallery or floor on which to solve the mission. Can they find all these dogs in the paintings? What can you find that begins with the letter B? Can you find these patterns? Even I enjoy these "artventures."  Join the Mint and stop by as often as possible. And, of course, bring the kids!
5	Loved this museum. Was expecting a nice experience, but was surprised and had my expectations blown away with how great it was.  Had two special exhibits that were amazing: Fairytales, Fantasy, & Fear and Surrealism and Beyond.In the Fairytales, Fantasy, & Fear, the exhibit works to show how these themes interact with each other and with art.  They explore the interesting connections of childhood curiosity and innocence with some of the darker elements of those stories, fantasies and imaginations.  Some of my favorite works in this area were: Mattia Biagi's "Stay Out of My Closet" & "Before Midnight," Bill Stewart's "Rhinobirdman with Alligator and Camel," Karen Lee Breschi "Pink Piggy," Burlon Craig  "Weeping Eye Face Jug," Mark Newport's needlepoint comic book covers and hand woven super hero costumes, Nick Cave's "Soundsuit," Kako Uedo's "Eros and Thanatos," Patty Warashina's "Octopus Car," Chris Theiss' "On the Bridge," James Tanner's "Face Card Shield," Lambert's "Critter on Head," Einar and Jamex de la Torre's "Folkloric Acid" and Tom Price's "PP Tree Installation."The Surrealism and Beyond exhibit focused on four artists: Yves Tanguy, Kay Sage, Charles Seliger and Gordon Onslow Ford.  I was not familiar with these artists before, but very much enjoyed their work. My favorite pieces were mostly by Tanguy, including: "Through Birds, Through Fire, But Not Through G'ass," "Fear," "Suffering Softens Stones," "The Hunted Sky," "The Mirage of Time" and "Multiplication of the Arcs."  My favorite by Sage include: "Unusual Thursday," "Tomorrow is Never" and "Men Working."  My favorite selections by Seliger were "The Last Cyclops," "Hidden Skeleton," "Don Quixote," "Confrontation" and "Natural History: From Within Rock."  My favorite work by Ford was "An Accord of Space Life."In the permanent collection, my favorites included: Kehinde Wiley's "Philip th Fair," Herman Herzog's "In the Everglades," Ernest Lawson's "Harlem River, New York," Abraham Rattner's "Montauk Point," Lazzell's "Bouquet of Flowers," Creighton Michael's "Field," Elliott Daingerfield's "Moonfield," the Collection of local artist Romare Bearden, Ivan Mares' "Wing,"  David Sengel's "Fishmonger," Dale Patrick Chihuly's "Ikebana" and Binh Pho's "Realm of Dream."The staff were also very helpful and the building lended itself nicely as a backdrop of the art.
4	The Mint Museum is not what it sounds like. When I first arrived in Charlotte and saw it, I assumed it was a museum for the U.S. Mint, like they have in Phili. When I realized it was an art museum I was intrigued, and once a Google Offers deal appeared for BOGO tickets I was sold. We headed there today following an afternoon Checkers game.There are five floors to the museum, but only two have exhibits, so don't be fooled when you're wandering around the first or second floor looking for the art. The third floor had an interesting "Fairy Tales/ Fear" exhibit which consisted mostly of freaky-looking sculptures and other crafty-type things (what I'm trying to say is not paintings.) The other room on the floor had some American art and paintings.The fourth floor had an exhibit of surrealism paintings, which doesn't exactly tickle my art bug. To each their own, and if you like surrealism then you will be pleased with this exhibit, but I guess I just don't appreciate it as much. The other exhibit on that floor had some more paintings and some awesome abstract sculptures which I was quite impressed with. The one complaint I have to make is that there was one curator/security guard/employee who seemed to be following us the entire time we were there. We first came across him in the first room where he started making jokes about each exhibit we stopped to look at, then happened to be in each additional exhibit we entered, so for the approximately ninety minutes that we were there he followed us to all four main exhibits on each of the two floors. I guess I just don't like to be standing there, checking out art, and then have some guy come up to me and say "you want to take this one home?" or "watch out for that big bad wolf." While there is a diverse collection of art at the Mint Museum, I would have liked to have seen some more. For a five-story building to only utilize two of those floors to exhibits is a bit confusing to first-timers. It's definitely worth checking out if you're downtown, but don't plan on making a day out of it...or even two hours.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed my visit. Beautiful lighted glass piece at the entrance!  Very cool crafts section. Loved a badass Japanese neclace/ collar made to be worn vertically!One part of the exhibit that stood out was the "Rebellion" board. Visitors are provided with paper to express their interpretations of "rebellion", then are deposited into a slot. Some are displayed. I took the time to write down my thoughts. Found works that others left behind tremendously inspiring!
4	If you're in Charlotte for business or a weekend and you appreciate crafts, woodworking, literature, American history, you should definitely check out the Mint Museum UPTOWN.  The Fairytales, Fantasy, and Fear exhibit reminds me of Maurice Sendak, Shel Silverstein, the True Story of the Three Little Pigs, and many more children's lit classics.   In the crafts section on the 3rd floor there was a briefcase made out of clay but it really looked a leather briefcase from many years ago - that and the amazing woodwork really stood out with the crafts.On the 4th floor I liked how different mediums where presented in period - it was a walk through history - local and US.  Charlotte's Charlotte, the Paul Revere pottery, the Reflecting on Rebellion wall were a few of my favorites on that floor.  There were descriptions and explanations with many of the pieces of art which I enjoyed. The location in Uptown is excellent as is the restauarant in the museum.One of the reflections of rebellion was those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind - there were others that were also thought provoking - I really enjoyed it.
5	By no means would I classify myself as an art critic, but I have been to the National Galley of Art, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the MET, the Louvre, the Musee d'Orsay, and many others during my lifetime. As a result, I think I have a decent idea of the makings of a quality art museum and I would have to say that the MINT Museum UPTOWN is a very neat Art Museum in an unsuspecting place that is a must see when visiting Charlotte. The Mint UPTOWN is a modern facility featuring multiple rotating and permanent galleries. Personally, I enjoyed that the Mint offers  such a varied array of divergent mediums in an interesting and engaging manner. To pick a portion of the museum I found most entertaining would be difficult but I would say that I found the portion on Craft & Design to be extremely interesting. This portion of the museum features items that establish trends, push popular design, and are simply fun to witness. This section featured such a divergent selection that almost anyone could appreciate the offerings. In addition, I found the items in the permanent collection to be interesting, diverse, and stimulating. The permanent collection has an astounding diversity and is represented through a significant amount of mediums. During my visit the rotating collection featured Hard Times the Art of Thornton Dial and Read My Pins, the Madeleine Albright Collection. Although I am not a huge follower of modern art, I found the Dial collection to be moving and powerful. The emotion behind his works and the size of his medium leaves an indelible impression on the viewer. The Albright Pin collection was interesting as it allowed you to get to know a former U.S. Secretary of State through her personal collection. Overall, this was a fantastic experience. The collection at the Mint UPTOWN is impressive sight in Charlotte and a must see if you have an appreciation for art.
4	A VERY solid offering for the Charlotte art scene.   The exterior of the building is innovative, although it risks looking tired in a few decades.  The stairs and plaza out front are a great place to sit and people watch or take a seat to watch the one of the stages that inevitably pop up on Tryon St. throughout the year.The interior atrium is quite cool and allows for display of large scale works of art and a view of uptown (behind a screen though).I'm not afraid to gush a little bit about their collection though because of A) quantity - there are enough galleries to eat up a couple hours even if you are moving at a relatively fast pace.They have a good selection of 'top shelf' artists paintings and a good collection of 3-dimensional objects as well.  They also had some contemporary artists on display that were interesting and innovative.We went for free on a BoA cardholder free museum day, which made it even sweeter!
4	I just checked out the Mint Museum yesterday and agree with other yelpers, it's a beautiful building with impressive exterior and interior architecture.  I was short on time so I wasn't able to see a whole lot, but I did get to spend about an hour on the fourth floor where I navigated through their permanent collection (American portraiture as well as landscape art) and also got to see Debora Arango's exhibit.  I liked the museum's permanent collection but I was blown away by Arango's work.  The exhibit space was separated into sections where you could see her art in response to Colombian politics - especially the period known as "La Violencia", you could see her nude work with her point of view on woman's femininity and repressiveness (there was a wide range!), and you could see another section titled "Social" that depicted the socioeconomic disparities where she targeted the corrupt government and religious figures in her work.  Her art is vibrant with bold colors and even her pieces that push the envelope, like "Silent Madonna" have beauty to them.  I appreciate Frida Kahlo and I found Arango's art to be somewhat similar with the choice of colors and same thick brush strokes.  If you like art that encompasses many themes with a little controversy, then I highly recommend going to the Mint and getting a glimpse of Arango's exhibit while it's still around, which I think is until mid-June.As for the rest of the Mint, I wish I had a chance to check out the infamous "Craft and Design" collection but unfortunately I didn't have enough time.  However multiple reviews point out it's great and I hope to take a look the next time I'm at the Mint.A couple of other things to point out:  Halcyon is a restaurant that's in the building and it's beautiful with a gorgeous view (I didn't get to eat there but I hope to the next time I'm at the Mint), the Mint offers many cool events (most free!) listed under "Happenings" on their website, and lastly if you feel like museum hopping, the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art is next door.
4	Great museum - very accessible for families. Excellent option for a rainy Sunday afternoon.
5	Yes, rock it, Charlotte!  This museum is a fantastic addition to the booming downtown (is it uptown?) area.  First, it's BEAUTIFUL.  The outside is confusing and lovely and angular and convex and just gorgeous.  Then the lobby is also beautiful, the staff person was ever so friendly and pleasant, and it's included in Bank of America cardholder free days!  We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon when I was visiting his family in Charlotte.  There was a special event in a room on the second floor where four writers read their works related to Food, connecting to the Food exhibit on the third (or was it fourth?) floor.   This was amazing- they weren't nobody writers either.  They were fantastic and local and alive and we got to eat some food and sing some songs and it was one of the most memorable art museum experiences I've ever had (and I've been to a TON of art museums, pretty much one in every city I've visited).  We left that event early to check out the exhibits.  We're still talking about Debora Arango's haunting exhibit three months later, and I adored our sprint through the food exhibit.  Honestly I have no idea what's in the permanent display, though I probably saw it?  But the entire place is airy (love the huge atrium) and conducive to discussing the art between galleries, in galleries, and in the event spaces.  Gorgeously curated (especially the food exhibit, which came with a "menu" of all the information so there were no distracting/helpful placards anywhere).  I'd definitely come back and I definitely would recommend anyone visiting Charlotte to give it a go.  Also I would tell them to go to Cookout.
5	Wow, I was absolutely blown away by this museum.  From the staff at the front desk, to every person that I encountered within the museum, everyone was incredibly helpful and personable.  If you park on the visitor levels (P1 and P2) in the Duke Energy parking deck, you can get your parking fee reduced to $1 per 30 minutes when your purchase your entrance fee at the museum (I saved $7 off of the typical parking charge by doing this).  As suggested in reviews and by the gentleman at the front desk, I started on the 4th floor and worked my way down.  Art is subjective, and I lean more towards traditional works, however I found many pieces that were beautiful.  I visited in June 2013 and the Jennifer Steinkamp installation on the 4th floor is not to be missed - it's a computer animation that represents the changing of the seasons and it was amazing.  My favorite section was the American Glass exhibit, it was beautiful.  The F.O.O.D. exhibit had some interesting pieces in it, but in some instances I felt like I was walking through my Nanny's kitchen checking out her old stuff.  With the exception of the chattering mawmaw's clotting up the 4th floor talking about grandbabies and Pawn Stars at full blast, it was a lovely way to spend a morning.  I cannot stress how helpful everyone I encountered was, they made the visit that much better since I had never been before.  The collection of pieces was amazing and I could have easily spent another hour or so there.  A must visit for visitors and Charlotteans alike.
4	I'm strictly reviewing my experience here attending a wedding ceremony and reception.  Which was really just all kinds of adorable and kind of makes me wish I could have my hypothetical wedding here.  The wedding wasn't a massive one (perhaps 75-100 people, probably less, but I'm not so hot as estimating body count), which is perhaps why the festivities executed so seamlessly at Mint.  The ceremony itself was brief on the second or third floor?  The reception occurred at the uppermost floor, which seemed designed specifically for special events.  Mint did an awesome job of arranging the tables, and buffet to naturally direct our focus onto the project screen and band.  The only slight inconvenience was the isolated restroom located all the way down the long hallway.  Maybe there's a sanitation or schematic reason for this, but it just seemed super odd.  Anyway, perfect site for a wedding and somewhat in close proximity to a few after party bars/spots down the street.
5	I must share a story of the unbelievable customer service at the Mint Museum:Friendly staff, extremely knowledgeable, and very helpful. The front desk was taken aback when I told them that the Bechtler had charged me admission as an active duty service member. The Mint Museum personnel explained that this was not the correct protocol and that military members and families were supposed to be free from Memorial Day to Labor Day as part of the Blue Stars Museum Program. I wasn't planning on pushing the issue and decided to just enjoy the Mint Museum. However, the Mint Museum front desk personnel found my family & I on the fourth floor of their museum and approached us saying she had called the Bechtler to address the issue and that she had prepared them to give us a refund upon our return! I was floored by how proactive she was and she said that it wasn't about the money, but as a token of appreciation for my service. I never expect or ask for any attention for what I do, but it is so humbling when I do come across such kind people.Great variety of exhibits - from American classics with artists such as John Singer Sargent, Childe Hasam, and Thomas Cole! Also a fun and interesting modern art section - way more interesting and thought provoking than the Bechtler. Halycon - the restaurant in the Mint - is also delicious. Affordable if you order a lot of appetizers and share between friends and family. Open kitchen and beautiful interior design.
4	I visited the Bechtler, Gantt Center and the Mint and this was my favorite. I thoroughly enjoyed the permanent collection and my sister and I received a private "tour" from one of the security guards. You're allowed to take pictures of most of the art. It was beautiful!They were installing a new exhibit focused on the 1893 Worlds Fair that I'm dying to see. Hopefully I'll get back for that. FYI: you get admission to both locations for the price of on for 48 hours! Enjoy!
4	The Mint Museum is definitely one of the shining stars of Charlotte's art scene. My one complaint is the "over flow" from the Randolph Mint. Overall, the collection is great. I find it rather refreshing that a museum includes examples of craft and design. However, the American art collection seems rather out of place. I do wish that they would return the American Art collection to the Randolph location so that they can fill the space that would appeal more to the Uptown crowd.
4	Visited this museum after work when I was in Charlotte for business. Admission is free after 5pm on Wednesdays which gives you just enough time to see their collection. The permanent collection is strong in the Contemporary Art and glass collections. Loved the Chihuly chandelier. They also had a painting by Chihuly - you don't see that very often.The museum store has great items and a very strong collection of local artisan jewelry.Pro-tip: they have a parking structure that they share with the banking company next door - it's only $5 after 5.
4	Having exhausted myself at the National Gallery of Art recently, it is nice to visit a museum that is smaller is scale and can be fully digested in one afternoon. A $10 adult admission fee gets you 2 days admittance to both locations of the Mint (Uptown and Randolph). Special exhibits are extra.I visited only the permanent collection of the Mint Museum Uptown, which occupies two floors of the building. The 3rd floor houses the "craft + design galleries" and the 4th floor has "American & contemporary art galleries." It was nice to see something other than painting and drawing in an art museum and I enjoyed the amazing wood, glass, metal, and clay crafts on the 3rd floor. I spent alot of time looking at Marilyn Levine's "Black School Bag." At first I was trying to figure out why a leather school bag was one display. Then I realized that it was actually made of ceramic and spent alot of time figuring out how she made a ceramic bag look like real worn pebbled leather.In the 4th floor gallery I enjoyed especially Gene Davis's "Jack in the Box" - read the explanatory note for how to view the work. Also, Kehinde Wiley's "Philip the Fair," which portrays a younger black man in a Houston Astros jersey. See: http://www.artnews.com/2007/06/01/in-your-face/I'm looking forward to going back again and checking out the Randolph location.
5	We went for the BofA-sponsored "Museums On Us" that got us free entry to the permanent exhibit. Great collection of early American portraiture, but the craft and design exhibit was the real standout. Amazing glass and woodworking pieces. Also, the museum highlights NC and Charlotte-based artists. A real Queen City gem.
4	Neat find in the heart of Uptown Charlotte.I have been here twice, and still loved the neat find each and everytime.Place - So it is your contemporary art museum. The place its big, but the exhibit is small enough where you can browse around in less than a day and not feel so exhausted like the Smithsonian. Price - Admission was less than $10 for adult admission, $8 for college students with ID.Perks - 1st - Came here once with the hubby to do some sightseeing around town, and liked the feel of the place. Was extra excited when we were told that the paid admission would get us to the other location (off Randolph) that to me, focuses on fashion at different time periods.2nd - Came here the second time for an event that opened up to all the floors and we were able to browse through each of the floors again, while eating and drinking in the designated area.  Loved how the Mint allowed fuctions to be held here. it was a great use of space and gave guests to freely roam about.
5	Amazing Collection:Loved the Robert De Niro. Sr 's quote on Picasso .
4	Interesting and quirky museum to say the least with fascinating works of arts and some actually pretty nice paintings.
3	I'm comparing the museum to others of this genre, so my three-star rating reflects that.  However, the museum space lends itself quite well to huge pieces and there were certainly some interesting items.  Also, the two women working in the gift shop were very friendly.Note that admission to one of the Mint Museums gives you free admission to the other one.
4	First time here....and I've lived here now for 3+ years. What took so long? Beautiful modern museum. Went here for the Pecha Kucha performance. Somewhat odd but I enjoyed it overall. Started funky as the first artist's presentation was SO damned depressing that I wanted to slit my wrists! That chick is DEFINITELY off my "want to date" list! Friendly and professional staff. I'm impressed that they only charged $6 for a full glass of Dark Horse Cab from Cali. Not bad!Look forward to more events here.
5	Great place to visit! It def had a lot more art work than I had thought, an extremely large variety for every taste. The restaurant on the premises had AMAZING food - the risotto was to die go. So highly recommend this place for both the museum and the food!!!
4	The view is wonderful as is the food and service. The menu is inventive and enticing - we always eat there when we go up to the museum.
5	Although the exhibition requires to purchase extra tickets we did not went through, but the rest display is such a mind nutrition and eye feast! I like the Danny Lane's masterpiece. It's a wonderful combination of geometry and art!  And also the other glass work is amazing!
