1	I would rather be punched in the face, than eat anything from this Cook on Wok location.
2	Service staff is friendly. They start you off with fried wonton wrappers and hot and sour sauce for dipping. I'm not sure if it's because I'm in the southwest now and everyone figures you must have a version of chips and salsa to start, but I wasn't a fan. They sent us out free egg rolls which were a nice touch, but the egg rolls were not tasty. I ordered the Kung Pao Chickenand my husband the pork lo mein (spicy). They sent mine out spicy and his mild. The food itself was just not as good as it could've been. I will give them credit on the hot and sour soup, but the wonton soup was overly seasoned. With so many options in this area I won't be going back anytime soon.
1	First off I will agree, the staff are friendly.  That is pretty much all this restaurant has going for it though.  Never having eaten here, my husband and I decided to give it a try for takeout.  We were told 10 minutes on a to go order which ended up taking about 25 minutes.  Seriously 3 other people placed to go orders, received their food, and left in the time we waited.  The staff was very apologetic and threw in an order of egg rolls for free in spite of the fact that we had not complained at all about the wait time.  So service is good, but what really counts is the food.  I really had a good idea when we unpackaged the meal and took out the glow in the dark pink sweet and sour sauce.  If a restaurant is going to serve over processed, sub par condiments there isn't much hope for the food.  The egg rolls were extremely greasy and rather tasteless.  The pork fried rice was over all rather bland and had a previously frozen quality to it.  Nothing tasted remotely fresh.  Finally the coconut chicken we ordered was inedible.  The chicken was stringy and so hard you could not stab it with a fork let alone chew it.  The sauce again appeared to be processed but since we couldn't eat the chicken it was hard to really gage it's quality.  To sum up we paid over $20.00 for some rice that tasted like what my mom used to make from a box in the 70's and greasy egg rolls.  We could have gone down the street to Panda Express for half the price and twice the quality.  Pretty sad when the fast food option is better than the sit down.
1	I ate there for the first time the other day because I was craving chicken and rice, something soo simple and yet they managed to ruin my appetite. 24 bucks on a few bites. Gross!
3	Even thou i have became a food snob over the years i still cannot forget how i would eat at this place all the time. It was prolly because you got your money worth and i was a student at the time. I usually come during the lunch for their specials.. you had the choice of egg drop soup or hot and sour soup then they give you a salad then your entree.. i would suggest teriyaki chicken or the lemon chicken .. I would recommend this place if your on a budget.. nothing to fancy but will fill you up for sure! staff are very friendly there.. just sad to say i dont eat this kind of food anymore..
3	I don't get the awful reviews for this place, I think it's okay. The service was TOP NOTCH and SUPER FRIENDLY, but we were one of only two tables that had customers in the whole place. I was scared to try it after reading the Yelp reviews but I was inticed by the restaurant's giant red and white banner hanging outside that screams "Low Carb Chinese Food." I think the only thing low carb about it is if you don't eat the gargantuan pot of white rice that comes with your dinner, but the food was decent. The hot tea is really good and they would refill it (including a fresh tea bag) as much as you wanted.The meat quality was particularly good, the chicken dishes use all white meat chicken breast. The atmosphere is like a Denny's stuck in 1981, but that only adds to the "charm" of the mirrored walls and fake plants. I dig it!
4	I don't know what the bad reviews are all about. Yes, it was crappy before. Bad service and bad food. THAT was the first time I had it back in August 2011.Management has changed since then, so did the food and service. I work next door so it's a walking distance for me to get lunch. I don't have a personal favorite but DO try any of their lunch special. Ranges from $6-$7.50ish. There's a $10 limit on cards but sometimes they may forgive you if you don't have cash. I've tried almost everything on their lunch menu. Well, I usually eat off of my co-workers' take out lunches. Busy days are Fridays and Mondays around lunch. Just FYI. But it's a great place for a sit down restaurant for something quick and cheap.
1	Flavorless lo mein and almost out dated beef (it tasted and smelled funny). Shrimp friend rice was edible but not the next day. The egg drop soup had a metal flavor to it like it had been canned for years =P
