5	Of course, I'm a biased patient, but I'm convinced that Dr. Spoon is THE best OB/GYN in Vegas....hands down.   Let's face it ladies, it's not like any aspect of this specialty is pleasant (unless you're really twisted!), so to say that I never dread my annual, nor did I have a single bad experience during my entire pregnancy, says a lot.  His staff is courteous and knowledgeable and unlike some OB/GYN offices in town, the wait isn't all that bad....maybe 45 min. tops, on a bad day.  This doc is truly cream of the crop!
5	Attention Women Yelpers! Dr. Edward Spoon....Spoon was referred to me by my boyfriend's childhood friend whose wife has been seeing Spoon for  many years now. I always have had bad experiences with OB/GYN's and I change doctors yearly because I feel uncomfortable with them, given the fact that it is an uncomfortable situation already. I am just so fed up with these doctors who just looks at my chart, repeats everything that is written and when being asked questions, they put the chart down, take off their reading glasses and look up at the popcorn ceilings as if they are trying to memorize a speech from college! And yet they have not given any eye contact for a professional ease that they are about to perform a procedure that should make me feel comfortable at the least! Instead, they rush the procedure like, BAM WHAM THANK YOU MAM!! NEXT CATTLE, PLEASE? Oh no!! On the contrary, when I went to see Dr. Spoon for the first time.  He took me into his office for a one on one consultation. Never in my life, I have had a doctor take me into his office and sat down to talk about my medical history and any of my concerns that actually listened thoroughly and answered all of my queries in a softspoken and attentive manner!!! The consultation occurs before he even examines you and I must say....all doctors in the world should take notes from Dr. Spoon! He is amazing and even though my new insurance changed and Dr. Spoon's office does not take new insurance, I will still go see Dr. Spoon and pay in full!  It took me 14 years to find a very good Gynecologist and a las, I found someone who is professional, attentive and makes their patients feel comfortable to say the least!!! 5 Stars for Dr. Edward Spoon and staff!!!
4	There is a very shallow talent pool for doctors in Vegas. The OB/GYN pool even more so. I was so happy to finally find a winner to look me in the eye and treat me like a fellow human being. I went to see Dr. Spoon after a traumatic miscarriage at Spring Valley  Hospital and an infuriating visit to the Dr. they referred me to which prompted me to walk out hurling insults that would make sailors cry. This was after a nearly 2 hour wait AND I arrived 30 minutes early to fill out forms and deal with a receptionist lacking ANY command of the English language. Dr. Spoon looked over the mountain of test results and medical records I came in with and insisted he read. We discussed my medical history and I really wanted to know the reason for my miscarriage. I didn't get an answer for that and it still gnaws at me. He tried to reassure me telling me that sometimes it's nature's way, etc. He did order lots of tests to see if it was possible for me to have another child and try to get me some answers. He treated me with dignity and respect and that is hard to find in this town by any measure. My only concern was the receptionist asked me to sign a waiver stating I wouldn't sue him for malpractice. It was highly unsettling but she insisted it was required by his insurance carrier. I inquired if this was for him or due to another doc in the practice and she refused to tell me so I refused to sign and she was not happy. Having been the victim of a bad doctor in my youth, I don't sign any waivers. No do overs w/my body! Once I spoke to him and went through the exam I felt reassured that he was a good doctor. If I were to have a child in Vegas, he would be my choice. Definitely for yearly visits if nothing else. He's intelligent and personable which speaks volumes in this town. I would have given him 5 stars if not for the snarky receptionist.
1	I really liked him at first......but then I upset him by walking out of the office after 2 hours of waiting and being told "you are next" by his staff. I tried to explain to him on my next visit that I have to leave work to see him and although I completely understand that emergencies (and deliveries!) come up unexpected, I just need to be told the truth by his staff so I can set the right expectations with my boss & with myself (um...pregnant woman in a doctor's office for 2 hours with no food..what?!?). Ever since then he has been rude, hasn't listened to my concerns, rushed me out of the office, and misdiagnosed me when I came to his office with pelvic pain. I really did like him at first, but it seems to me this doctor is one with quite the "ego" and I messed with that. On to the next doctor
1	I too really liked him at first. I am recently relocated and was searching for an og/gyn for general care.  He was very personable and pleasant in our first meeting.  Interested in my history and attentive to what I was telling him.But when I had to have an ultrasound, trying to follow up to find out the results (or when they might get the results) was impossible.  I called multiple times over several days before anyone returned my calls. I tried to relay that I had had an upsetting experience with the ultrasound (which is not the ob/gyn's fault in any way) that made me anxious to hear results. When the Dr called me with the results a week later, he was very aloof and different.  He did not mention that he was aware I had been trying to find out the results.  And when I brought it up, trying to relay that I might be dissatisfied (in case he didn't even know) he got angry with me.  I was actually waiting for him to hang up on me.  My basic common courtesy expectation that my call(s) be returned in somewhat timely fashion (within 24hrs) by anyone in his office , if only to let me know that they had not yet received results, apparently was unreasonable according to him.  He actually told me "he is a busy man" and if I wanted that kind of attention he could put a note in my chart.  I cannot believe that sort of basic service requires special notation in a chart.I will not be seeing this Dr again.
4	So- how did I find Dr. Spoon you all ask?? On YELP of course!!Who knew, right? We all use YELP for restaurants...but a Gyno?? Really??  Well- if it wasn't for my fellow Yelpers leading the way I would not have discovered what a down to earth, funny fellow Dr. Spoon is!I've been through about 2 other gynecologists since moving to Vegas in '04 and thought I was going to have to continue to search for a doctor that seemed like they really gave a damn...well, search no more.Dr. Spoon took me in his office for the consultation, asked me a bunch of questions and joked around with me, made me feel very comfortable before I went into the examining room for my annual visit.Overall, Dr. Spoon was very genuine and made my "uncomfortable" situation very comfortable!
5	I love Dr Spoon. He listens. He is gentle. He's funny. He cares. The office staff is great too! Sometimes the ladies at the front desk are a little dry, but the nurses in the exam room area are all great. He's the best!
5	I went to Dr. Spoon after checking his qualifications on Vitals and on HealthGrades. His competence is not just on paper -- he proved to be very professional, caring, and arranged for and performed necessary tests, which he used to diagnose my condition, all in a relatively short amount of time. His associate NPA was great, as was his regular nurse, who took care of the referrals. Dr Spoon called me personally to discuss my results, which I deeply appreciated. I would recommend him for other patients like me who are post-menopausal and need a top gynecologist to diagnose potentially troubling and serious conditions.
5	Great doctor! He is really gentle and cares what I have to say. His staff is nice too.
5	Dr. Spoon is hands down the best doctor I have ever had.  Being a woman, it can be a little uncomfortable having a man do your annual exam, but he changed that. On my first visit he had me sit in his office and he got to know me before the exam.  He made me feel comfortable and answered all questions that I had. Every visit since has been nothing but great.  I call Dr. Spoon for everything and if you want the best of the best, he is it!  P.S. - We all need to remember that Dr. Spoon takes care of a lot of patients, many of which are pregnant and can deliver at any second.  This means that he could potentially be running behind.  Before being mad about how long it takes to get into your appointment, please understand that if you were in labor you would hope that he would get there for you too and not worry so much about his appointment times.  Its one of those things we just can't control and whatever doctor you go to will have a wait so don't be so one sided about it :)
5	Dr Spoon is amazing. I would sooner change my health insurance then change drs. I recommend him to every woman in Las Vegas and beyond. Even if you don't live near his office, I guarantee you he is worth the drive.
5	Dr Spoon is the first doctor I feel actually listens to me. I have been to several different obgyns around town and was not satisfied at all. First time I met Dr Spoon he spent so much time with me. Went over everything and made me feel like I was in good hands. He's a wonderful doctor. Highly recommended.
