5	So many people say they can't find an authentic Mexican food restaurant in Vegas.  Well, I found one for you.It seems like Viva Mercado's has been here forever.  From the salsa down to the awesome mariachi they have on the weekend, everything snaps with charm when you walk in the door.And a really cute full bar right in the middle of the place makes me feel right at home. (yep, I was born in a bar.)The biggest reason I wanted to YELP about Mercado's is, they're moving soon and the word needs to get out.   They are moving from a strip mall on West Flamingo and Jones to a free standing home on South Rainbow and Spring Mountain. (thankfully still in my 'hood.)When in the mood for that tasty random margarita night, this is the place to go hands down.  I can't wait to see it's new home, and hopefully I'll see you there.....sombrero' and all.
4	I love this place!  Located in a strip mall (like most places in Vegas!) but inside it's like a cozy, dim, romantic cave.  Great place to bring a date.  They are moving soon apparently, so hopefully the new location will be at least as good as the current one.  Great choice for vegetarians since there is a whole veggie section in the VERY extensive menu, with more options than the usual cheese enchiladas.  Spicy and good salsa.  Portions are huge so come hungry!  Before you even get your meal you get chips with salsa and bean dip, jalapenos and onions, and soup!  Great live music...you may get serenaded at your table.  The bar has a good selection of Mexican beers and tequilas too, as well as many flavored margaritas.
5	This place has hands down the best salsas I have seen.  Our waiter was cool and didn't mind bringing a large selelction of the 15-some-odd salsas.  From mild to spicy, they were all very good.  I recommend the tomatillo green salsa (I think it is #7).The menu is very extensive with food for both the unadventurous gringo and authentic-food lover.  Everything my party had looked tremendous, but the fajitas looked a bit underwhealming.
4	This place has great food - and a pretty impressive selection of salsas.  I'll warn you though - if you're a tourist like me, you'll end up paying a $30-40 surcharge on your meal if you have to take a cab there.  It's not very close to the strip so it may be more worth it for you to go somewhere closer if you just want a Mexican fix... This place came highly recommended by a friend who's from Vegas so I thought it would be worth venturing out - but for the price of the cab we probably could have rented a car for a day. Anyway, great food, friendly staff and for the vegetarians out there (like me), they do have some options for you....
4	The food was very high quality. Great staff. Only problem...our order arrived at the table in about 5 minutes. No time to enjoy our drinks. Next time we go we will tell them to wait 15 minutes to put our order in.
3	Being a native Texan that has traveled to Mexico 10+ times, I was incredibly underwhelmed by this place. Overall I didn't try anything tasty here, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that I ordered the wrong things. I would mention my steak fajitas arrived in a gooey-soupy mess (with chicken fajitas in it mind you) that was unlike any fajita I've ever seen in Mexico. If I wanted soupy vegetables I would have ordered soup. It goes without saying this place isn't like the mexican places in TX, but sadly it's nothing like the places in mexico either.
5	I promise that you will not find better Mexican food in Las Vegas than at Viva Mercado's.  (Though you'll find MANY more expensive and pretentious Mexican places.)They start you off right with an amazing free bean dip, along with your choice from a list of very good salsas.  They also give you a suprisingly flavorful cup of tomato soup with most entrees.  The entrees I've gotten have all been hot, fresh, delicious, and large.  And the service is great.  If you're visiting Las Vegas, it's worth getting access to a car just so you can eat here.
5	Coming from San Diego, you can't help but get a little burnt out on Mexican food.  I'm sorry, it's good, but it happens.  That said, it was decided to brave the Vegas Mexican Frontier.The place was very clean with open spaces, and the atmosphere is nice.  They had a mariachi, but he had more style than I was used to, wearing a simple nice shirt, pants and tie instead of the sombrero/serape combo that all supposed stereotypical mariachis seem forced to wear.  Even better, you could enjoy his crooning without him getting in your face, so it wasn't awkward, and kept on the pleasant side.The food is tasty and served very quickly.  I tried the chicken with cream/wine/garlic, and it was spicy.  Not overbearingly so, but just enough to give it a full flavor.  The servers were good about attending to your needs.  Prices are fair enough for what you get.  They seem to have a healthy tequila list of which I'll have to sample for the next time.Admittedly, I was in a bit of a grumpy mood when I went there, but the overall restaurant experience lightened me up.  I had a good time with the place, and I'm sure the experience will improve as my mood does for the next time.
5	Really good food and good size portions.
4	I've been searching for great mexican cuisine and I think I have found it. Chip and salsa are honestly the best I've had in awhile, always made fresh. The portions are generous, and presented somewhat nicely. Everything from the burritos, tacos, enchiladas and even tamales are great. I have yet to try the rest of the menu simply because I'm addicted to a few select plates. They really seem to know what they're doing here, as everytime I visit this place it is always packed. The decor is a little cheaply done though. Service is excellent and attentive. Price is justified due to the quality of the food and service.
4	Overall Viva Mercados was an excellent dining experience.  The atmosphere was average, the staff was above average, the food was above average.Viva Mercados begins the dining experience with Chips, Fresh Salsa, and Bean Dip.  The Bean Dip was a new and welcome experience for Mexican Restaurants here in the states.  It is delicious.  The Chips are light and delicious as well.  My wife and I shared a Shrimp Ceviche that was presented very well and was delicious.  It had TONS of shrimp and avocado and was very limey and satisfying.  My main course consisted of the three steak Tacos that were EXCELLENT.  The Steak was tender and seasoned very well and the tacos had shredded cabbage onions and a sprinkling of lime juice.  Very good.  My wife had the Chicken Fajitas.  Tons of Chicken, and overall very good.  The staff was very friendly and attentive and extremely expeditious (almost too quick).  They seemed very interested in serving quickly and getting the table back.  I personally do not like this and would prefer the diner set the pace (as it is done in Europe).  One small negative in an overall excellent experience.  Additional point about the staff was that they had live Mariachis playing and it definitely added to the experience.I would highly recommend Viva Mercados for delicious, semi authentic Mexican food.
4	Finally, my prays have been answered!California spoiled me for twenty-two years, it only took me a couple months in Vegas for me to see, I bleed rice and beans. I searched the strip and the surrounding area for some quality Mexican food and a place to relax with a margarita after a long week. I walked in and immediately felt at home like I was in a San Jose taqueria.Fresh chips, a whole page of salsa sections along with the house salsa and bean dip they bring out to you.I ordered as followed:Started out with yummy queso, fresh guacamole, and a big fat Cadillac margarita with don julio on the rocks. I loved the original taco and the green Chile burrito! Words cannot be put into sentences for this one, you just gotta' try it. The green Chile beef just melted in your mouth, covered with tons of cheese and fresh lettuce. Good portions. Great service. Lovely environment. No non sense Mexican place that you can head to on a hungover afternoon or midnight craving. A live mariachi band playing in the background. Low lights with a full tequila bar in one room and circular booths and tables fill a second. What a kick ass date place off the strip! I loved the feeling of Viva Mercados. Score, totally taking my girlfriend's here when they visit. Its affordable enough I can manage to take them there without thinking what Gucci clutch I could have gotten with the bill of dinner on the strip.
5	This is definitely my favorite Mexican restaraunt in Las Vegas!They have a bunch of different delicious salsas to choose from which is great for me because I love really spicy food but my wife likes basic Pico De Gallo!  I got some kind of burrito there and let me tell you this....I don't normally like Mexican but I was attempting to lick the plate clean.There maragaritas are also HUGE (my had to give me the last half of hers and drive home).  They also have a guy that plays live guitar music and seems to know every song known to man.I never rate anything 5 stars.Do  yourself a favor.....go here.
5	Came all the way from Los Angeles and decided to try this place based on yelp reviews. Boy, i was not dissapointed. I usually ignore traditional mexican restaurants, as i tend to find the rice and beans untasty, opting for the americanized albertos type of mexican food.This place was well decorated, with friendly service. I ordered the flauta and my companion ordered 2 carne asada tacos. i loved my flauta. (its basically a burrito that they deep fry before hand.) Mine came with beef that literally was moist and so tender it was falling apart on the fork. it also had  nice sweet marinade to it. the 2 carne asada tacos were good too. It had a nice meaty taste to it, but defintiely not as good as the flauta. the portions were pretty big. i opted just for a single serving (as they gave you options to order another portion for 3 dollars more), but i couldn't even finish one portion.each dish came with arrozo ( a noodle tomato soup was terrific) plus rice, refried beans.  All for about 11 bucks.A decent price for top notch food.I'll definitely be dropping by here again the next time i'm in vegas. Its not hard to find, just look for the wal-mart.
4	Great customer service. Our server made a mistake taking the order and was very friendly and quick to make it right. The friends who took us here are regulars and couldn't say enough good about it. As far as the food goes, very typical Mexi-American. Food came out hot and fresh. Not my typical long winded review, just don't gave a ton to say.
4	This family owned & operated Mexican restaurant is located in the WalMart center at Rainbow/Spring mtn.We went to dinner around 8pm and there was no wait we were seated immediately. The decor is authentic Mexican with Mariachi and all.They start you off with chip,beans and salsa and a little cup of soup. Service was exceptional. Fast,friendly and efficient.I ordered the 1 pound carne asada burrito with rice and beans, Melissa had the cheese enchilada combo and Miles had a hamburger with fries.The food was great, very cheesy, the meat was well seasoned and tender, the salsa had a nice little zing to it and the rice & beans were cooked perfectly.This was a great dinner experience.A little pricy unless you go for the lunch special.
4	Great Mexican restaurant! We used to go for margaritas when it was a tiny hole in the wall restaurant that had a few tables and 5 bar stools! After moving to the big location in the Wal-Mart parking lot it lost a little bit of appeal as it's always packed and not quite as quaint.Start you off with the traditional chips, salsa & bean dip. Traditional soup before your meal and then dig in! We've had multiple offerings here on multiple occasions and the one thing that always stand out above everything else is the INCREDIBLE customer service we receive from our server! I highly recommend going as we are tonight!
5	Great Mexican restaurant!!!!Coming from Socal, I was a bit doubtful, but daaaaaaaaaaaaaamn!!!Great food at very reasonable prices. Awesome happy hour.Plenty of complimentary chips and salsa. If your a hot sauce connoisseur, then you'll love all 10 of their salsa and sauces. Staff is very friendly and always an open table. I'm a repeat customer.**They need some Gringo Bandito on the menu**
4	Written 03 03 13...... after seeing that Viva Mercado's closed........"Nooooooooooooooooooooo", (actor holds hands outward, palms to the sky), "Why Lord, why Bobbie's place?" (actor cries, arms tired and starting to shake, but still outstreached)...... "Why take the good ones???!!!"..... just askin' is all,  Al S. .......--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I come into Vegas on business, and having lived in town years back, and visited relatives who lived there through the 70's and beyond, I don't really have any interest in the strip hotels, restaurants, or attractions. Bottom line, I "specialize" in finding food and lodging far away from the "action." (want a traditional Italian hidden gem? La Scala on Desert Inn Rd.)First trip to Bobby's restaurant, it was three of us, two from corporate in Pittsburgh. We ordered, literally, 10 different entree items, then shared them with booths near us in the dining room. Had we gone to our usual "after the show" hotel restaurants, the bill would have been near $500 for three. (I don't drink much, but we do have those who love wine!) Here the total bill was around $200, including pitchers of their margaritas.Just trust me on this one....... compared to ANY Mexican restaurant, in LV or L.A., Viva Mercados rates right up there, both for food and service. I take clients here, family, and refer this place to many clients coming for trade shows. It's comfortable, and what with all the plus's just mentioned, makes for a great value and great time! It's not priced like a little family hole in the wall, or a Rubio's, but very fair given the ambiance, service level and menu.Geeze........ almost forgot until I saw someone elses review! The bean dip! That's how they start you off. Between the chips, salsa and bean dip, you cannot, possibly, in any way, leave this place hungry!
2	Average to better than average Mexican/American food, for Vegas that is. Anyone from the coast has certainly tasted better. Portions are very large, food is good, not great. Restaurant was packed on a Saturday night, all Anglos. This city is 26% Latino, so not a good sign . Margaritas tasted like Kool-Aid. Two entrees, one margarita and tip, $50.00 For rice and beans? Overall better than a national chain.
3	Decent place, good margarita's and good service.  I would definitely go back.
4	I frequent Las Vegas, and such food on the strip gets to be a bit redundant.  While visiting this past July, I decided to take fellow Yelper's advise and drive to Viva Mercados.  I am so happy that I did.  This has to be one of the best Mexican Food places in all of Las Vegas.  This restaurant is quite a ways off the strip, so you will definitely need a car to get here.I went to dinner around 7 or 8 pm and was seated immediately.  The warm tortilla chips, beans and salsa are delicious.  I have never dined at an establishment that offered beans for dipping, but it was the bomb!  It's hard to stop eating it, but be for warned - do not fill yourself up on chips and dip because the entrees are huge.  I ordered the carne asada burrito wet with red sauce - OMG!  Ridiculous.  The service was really good, they are extremely attentive to your every need.  I cannot wait to go back.The prices - very reasonableIf you are in the mood for good Mexican food, I highly recommend Viva Mercados.
5	Alright, this place has been working it's way into my heart all summer. Finally, I have to admit this is my favorite Mexican spot in all of Las Vegas. I drool over the steak thats marinated in salsa, the beans and salsa they bring to every table, the margaritas oh boy I'm getting brain freeze just thinking about it...I never had bad service or even a bad thing off the menu. This place is amazeballs.I am so happy I have found you, Viva! :) BESOS
4	Enjoyed my lunch here. EXTREMELY friendly service. Well-priced, hearty portions and decent margaritas. I recommend it.
5	I've been searching for good Mexican food in Vegas that doesn't send me straight to the shitter, whether it's on my knees throwing up, or sitting down, face in my hands crying about my poor anus.I just sneezed and farted at the same time, and I guess I'll include that in the review since I'm writing about food covered in cheese.I've tried a few things here. The guacamole is amazing, and while we're on the subject of shit (my fault, sorry), it turned my poop a deep forest green. That's fucking awesome! Besides being delicious, it made me laugh hours later when staring down into the porcelain bowl.The chimichanga burrito is top notch, and I also sampled the chicken burrito. I was very happy with both, and you bet your white ass I'll be ordering from here again!
5	Best Mexican in Vegas! The fresh guacamole that they make right in front of you is amazing! Everything was delicious! There were 4 of us and we all had something different and loved all of the dishes.They will even provide you with transportation there and back to your hotel!
5	Finally visited the restaurant, and I can confidently say this is as good as it gets for Mexican food in Las Vegas.You start with chips, bean dip, mild salsa. There are 10 different levels of spicy salsa that you can choose from, a habanero salsa being the hottest. Service with a smile, a mariachi in the background (with a great voice, no less), and 22 oz margaritas make this place a go-to.Started with the nopales con cebollados - cactus strips with fried onion. Served with corn tortillas, was delicious. Split the shrimp ceviche salad which was excellent and filling, and also split the steak fajitas. Delicious, served with guac, sour cream, rice, beans, flour torts. A meal for two with two drinks apiece, two apps, fajitas for two came out to $85 with tip. A bargain!
2	Expensive. 50 bucks for two people, one kid, one drink. Food was OK, but not spectacular. Margarita slightly sickly sweet. Bagged chips. Peasant tacos were good, but oddly greasy.
4	This place was exactly what we wanted: a low-key off-strip mexican place with good food. The food & ambiance are what we wanted, and the price wasn't bad either. Regular "combos" going from 10-15 and specialties ranging from 15-20. We live in san diego so mexican food is something we're pretty darned familiar with.I had a combo with flautas (which turned out to look more like a enchilada, i wasn't expecting it to be covered) and a taco. My wife had a tostada. The chips you could tell were made fresh, and the salsa was pretty good as well.Service was very good.If you're looking for a nice mexican place, then viva mercados is a good choice.
4	Good Mexican.  I love the "chicharrones" crispy pork simmered in salsa.  And the shrimp with the chile de arbol sauce.  Fast/friendly service and the strong margaritas hit the spot.
5	I have not been to too many Mexican rstaurants in Vegas but this has to be one of the best. I went here for dinner trusting the reviews of Fellow yelpers and was not dissapointed. The food was amazing and the margarita was awesome. Loved the habanero salsa.
3	My girl and I used to really love this place due to the fact that there is very nice man my son loves to hear sing during the evening. The food though has gone down tremendously in flavor and quality. The meat is mostly lard and fat these days and the tortillas were not fresh and and home made like another yelper pointed out. This is only referring to one meal we split while on our visit. It was the pork carnitas if I remember correctly. I cannot comment on the other dishes though.The wait staff was very kind and professional when I had issues they tired to fix our complaints very fast and within a timely matter. I was very pleased to see management on the same team as on the servers. We always over tip here cause of the service. The fideo soup is kid friendly and tastes great. My son loves this as well as the beans with his chips. Again, our kid loves to come here.I also have a problem with the prices of the food. The dips for the chips are just OK and the service is decent. Margarita will kill a diabetic though cause of the amount of sweet mix they use. They actually ran out of the salt rimmer mix for the margarita and had the audacity to use regular table salt on my damn drink. In short, we will give it another shot after the economy gets a little better. Maybe their food will be better at that point and time.
5	I judge a Mexican restaurant by their enchiladas and fried ice cream. Excellent on both here. Viva gave generous portions of chips and salsa. After we ordered our dinners, Viva gave us bowls of soup. We weren't expecting that. But the soups were delicious. Our dinners came with good size main dish, but also huge portions of rice and beans. For dessert, we ordered our favorite, fried ice cream. Delicious! Oh, can't forget the margaritas. Yummy! And for $6.99 for a huge 22 oz...double yummy!
4	We had a nice dinner here tonight.  The atmosphere was nice, the service was great and friendly, and the food was pretty good.  The food was a little 'heavy' (lots of cheese), and we would have preferred some not as gut busting, but that might just be what we ordered.  It's worth a try.
4	I like the food. But Viva Mercados gets 4 stars because they have a vegetarian menu. They also tell you in the menu how they make their soup, rice and their beans. No guess work, no awkward questions, just answers. Now on to the food. I think I've eaten at more Mexican places since coming to Vegas than I did the 26 years I lived somewhere else. There are only a few that I would even consider recommending to someone who likes good Mexican food. This is one of them. In the 4 months we lived in the area, I've been at least 5 times. I am always impressed. The service is great, very prompt and friendly. The food always tastes fresh, and the chips and salsa are pretty much irresistible. I've ordered off the of the veg menu all but one time, and have been very pleased. My favorite is the peasant tacos. They are really a taste explosion.  From what my friends and family have said, the meat dishes are also quite good and very fresh. I've also had their sopapilla's which are quite tasty, but because the food portion sizes are so big, you really have to plan ahead for desert.Definitely some of the best Mexican I've had in Vegas. It may be a bit pricier than other places, but totally worth it.
2	Very mediocre.  I went based on the ratings here but was very disappointed.  It's your typical americanized mexican food, giant portions smoothered in cheese as sauce. Our meal came out very quickly, which is a sign that things are premade and then just blasted under a salamander.  Nothing tasted fresh, I think that they smoother it with cheese to cover it up.   For the price, I would expect a lot better.
3	Viva Mexican Food in Vegas?  This little joint a few miles off the Strip is worthy of consideration.   Two standouts here are the chile relleno and fideo soup, which my buddy Dan says is tough to find in many LA Mexican eateries.  However, the rest of the menu is about as exciting as a trip to El Torito.  Decent food and good service for the price.
3	I travel to Las Vegas a lot for work and it is nice to eat off the strip with the locals.  This place was recommended to me by a lady I met while out shopping the last time I was here - I asked where her number one pick off the strip would be.  It was a good choice.  Being from the Los Angeles area I can't say it was the best Mexican fare I have ever tasted but it was tasty and the portion was very large.  I realized half way through my dinner that my steak fajitas tasted more like they were seasoned for tacos... they should have been more flavorful.  Enjoyable nonetheless.  Wrapped it all up with the Platanos 43 (bananas fostered), cinnamon-y and delightful.  The service was great and the staff was friendly.  Nice atmosphere too.  I would certainly go back.
4	Good food. It was cheaper when it was at the Flamingo location but the food is still delicious. They have really good lunch specials too.
3	I came starving and it was still hours before the Yelp event so came to get something small bite with my mom in law and grammy in law.They serve chips with salsa and beans and it was pretty decent salsa they give you. I however did not want to stuff myself too much on chips.The menu is extensive, but wasn't exactly finding what I was looking for in the appetizers- none sounded good and they are the same price as some entrees, so thought I might as well get my favorite thing which chile verde (pork) enchiladas.  Off the "combiaciones mexicanas" menu you can pick a choice of one two three items which come with rice, beans and fideo soup. I just got one item of the chile verde enchilada. It was pretty good actually, the green sauce is a bit tangy which I like and the pork in it was tender. The fideo soup was just OK- it had good flavor, but it was a little cilantro heavy...less cilantro and it was be quite nice actually. I thought the rice was good with my entree (I asked for no beans).  I got a jamaica to drink and their mix is good. I've had it plenty of times in other establishments where it was just way too sweet and had to be cut with water. Mom and Gma shared a combiaciones of a cheese enchilada and a chile verde burrito and added a cup of albondigas soup for Grandma. Gma liked her albondigas and it was very generous with the meatballs for a small cup so she wants to come back for when she's feeling like having her favorite soup. Grandma liked the enchilada but the tangy green sauce on the burrito she did not like as much. Mom however agreed with me that the green sauce is quite nice and a favorite for both of us. She was in agreeance with too much cilantro in the fideo, but that it was promising. One set back was that on part of moms half of the enchilada it was lukewarm and cheese wasn't hot and gooey like the rest. Service was OK. We were check in on once by a manager. I never got a single refill, but mom got hers once from our server. At that time though everyone was about done eating so I just finished my water instead before leaving. I thought what I got was good, but we had some setbacks with no refill for me and a cold spot in moms enchilada. The price isn't too expensive, but it's $10-28 a plate for dinner  with a majority on the upper end of things, around $16-18 which is quite more than some other Mexican sit down establishments. My single enchilada was $11  (a plate of 3 of them was like $16). I'll probably drop in for the lunch specials or try more of the signature dishes for dinner since it's right by work. So far though my impression is that it is a okay spot, but there are definite hole in the wall spots I currently much prefer for price, taste and hospitality.______________________________7/5/10 REPLY TOBobby from Viva Mercado;Thanks for a comment back. However I need to point out something that does not make sense. So my receipt for dinner with the combaciones mexicans one item plate dinner with enchilada, rice, beans, fideo was $10.50, not the $8.95 you quoted.Also on your website it says $10.50 right there on the dinner menu. http://www.vivamercadoslv.com/dinnermenu3.jpgAnd that lunch one item is $9.50.http://www.vivamercadoslv.com/lunch1menu.jpgJust saying, that this is confusing for a customer to have the owner say different prices than the website says and what my receipt told me.Since I've been there to the time you commented a few days later, did the price drop or something? I doubt it so something doesn't add up right here that needs to be cleared up. Sincerely, Jade W.
5	By far the best Mexican food in las Vegas... Better then lindo mechocan, macayos, the place at the silverton casino place... This is authentic with bi portions and better flavor... I am mexican and a chef.. So I know what good food is... Fast service to!
3	I completely disagree with the 5 star rating for this place.  I ate here the first weekend I moved into Vegas, excited for some good mexican good.  We went for lunch, the place was busy and I had pretty high expectations.  The rice and beans weren't doing much for me and the enchiladas did even less.  I'm not sure why people are saying its the best mexican food in Vegas. The service was not great, since we were trying to get in and out to get back to work.  The best part was chips and salsa at the beginning with bean dip, mostly downhill after that.  Somebody message me and tell me where the actual best mexican good in town is at please!
4	We have never been able to find good Mexican food when visiting Las Vegas until we visited Viva Mercados.  Wonderful service, the best Chile Rellenos ever and the Fish Tacos are to die for.  Oh yeah the Margaritas are wonderful too!  Give it a try you wont be disappointed.  Don't drive... Take a cab as you will be enjoying more than one of their Margaritas!Viva Las Vegas...Viva Mercados!
5	A longtime Las Vegas visitor, I always would ask locals where the best Mexican food could be found. That's how I first learned of Viva Mercados and, after my first visit, I've been hooked ever since. The food is great, the menu extensive, the atmosphere enjoyable and the service top notch. My last visit a few weeks ago reinforced that the quality (and quantity)  is still outstanding. The chile verde is good, but then I can't recall ever having anything I didn't like. The chips with beans and salsa will get things started right.  Next time you visit LV, get away from the Strip and find out what is probably the best Mexican food option in town.
3	Getting your tires rotated should not take very long right?? Wrong, we had just dropped off the car to have the tires rotated down the street and the guy said okay thank you we will see you in an hour and half. So we decided we would go grab a bite to eat. Why not try Viva Mercados. For the time being around 5:30 I expected to wait but that was not the case, we were seated immediately and the server was on top of the bean dip, salsa, and chips. We were a very easy table for the drinks, 3 Waters with lemon and and kids apple juice. While looking over the menu I was a little taken back by the $8 Kids meal price and the high prices on the food, I may sound like a cheap skate here but I'm sorry I did not feel like we were walking into a upper scale Mexican restaurant. My chimichanga was good and i did have leftovers but the entire time I was thinking about the fact that I very easily could have received the same exact item at a hand full of other places for almost half of the price. Enough about the prices.... The chimichanga I mentioned above was the shredded beef chimichanga that comes enchilada style with sour cream and guacamole, beans and rice and your sopa ahead. The meat was very tender and flavorful and the beans were pretty good, my only complaint was the rice, it was very dry. As far as i could tell the drinks must have been strong since the ladies in the booth across from us seemed pretty tottered... Overall the food is good and the service was great but I personally feel the prices are a little steep.. But we will probably be back in the future!!!
3	This used to be a little hole in the wall restaurant off of Flamingo my husband and I loved going to.  The food was great but now not so much, it's just OK.   I was so happy and excited when I finally found their new location and that the restaurant had gotten so much bigger.   I'm so disappointed.  The food is not the same, seems like it's more about quantity than quality.  This used to be a great little hole in the wall Mexican joint but now it's just like any other franchised restaurant.
4	We are relatively new to the area and had yet to find a good Mexican restaurant- until a friend pointed us to Viva Mercados.The food was absolutely delicious and the portions were very generous. I had enough fajita left over for lunch the next day.  And the margaritas! Hmmm...what can I say about those? Divine. Wonderful. And best of all- they definitely aren't cheap with the Tequila!
4	My boss loves this place, and when he takes us out to lunch on Fridays, we end up here quite often. I personally prefer to sit in the bar area, they have specials during the lunch hour that you can only get if you sit there... like 3 tacos and a margarita for around $8! Richard is usually the bartender when we go in, and he is awesome! I love the complimentary bean dip they serve with their chips and salsa, and we always get the free plate of fried jalapenos and onions (not my thing but my coworkers devour them). This isn't the cheapest place in town to get a taco, nor is it the most authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. However service is top notch, the margaritas are strong and the ambiance is pleasant.
3	I went here for dinner with my parents a few weeks ago. We had a coupon for a free quesadilla appetizer. It was really good and had very tasty cheese. We also had the Toreados (grilled jalapenos and onions) which are complimentary upon request. The entrees included Fideo soup which I enjoyed. I ordered chicken in a cream sauce with sliced poblanos. It was good but I would try something different next time. (The menu is very extensive.) My mom got the beef Barbacoa which was okay but the marinade was a little strong. My dad ordered shredded beef tacos which he said were quite good. There are many items I would like to try, so I will probably be back.
4	This is our fave mexican restaurant in town! Love their warm chips and bean dip!  The salsa is good too! All lunches & dinners come with a cup of their signature fideo soup which I love!  I ordered the carne asade taquitos ($9.95) from the appetizer menu.  Comes with guacamole and sour cream.  My husband got the enchilada & flauta combo ($13.95) which came with beans & rice.  The service is ALWAYS top notch.  ALWAYS!  We have also tried their carne asada tacos, the carne asada platter, the cheese enchiladas, the chile rellanos-all very good.  For desert that have awesome sopapillas and churros but most of the time we can barely finish our dinners.
4	Driving home and was feelling mexican food.. Look to the right,  Oh whadda ya know.. There it was! Parking front and center, Nice! Greeted with grins from the staff upon entering through the front doors. Hostess sat us in no time and gave us the option: window or non-window seat. Whole place was scattered with x-mas lights, ribbons, ornaments.. In conjunction with their already decent decorated interior, the holiday theme just set a nice warm tone.Chips and salsa and bean dip!! Chips were typical but they threw in some green, red and some black chips in there.. I don't know about black but the green and red, X-mas Spirited Tortilla Chips! Oh, how creative.. Salsa was alright. But I've only been to a few places that served bean dip, which was great! And it tasted great as well!El Burro: Carne Asada Burrito with Monterey Jack Cheese Melted on top, green chile and red chile both on the side. Also comes with rice, beans and salad. Diced pieces of meat that had some real authentic flavor to it! Combine a fork full of meat with the Monterey cheese and (I liked) the red sauce = Definitely up there for me! I really enjoyed it! Only thing was the Burrito looked pretty small  for the plate. Rice, Beans and Salad = No Complaints.Chile Colorado: break-apart tender cubes of meat smothered in its red chile sauce (how its supposed to be and its not really spicy at all). Not a bad version of this dish, pretty tasty but more peppery than ones i've had before. Also came with beans, rice and salad (plus I opted for flour tortillas). * Staff were on top of their game: drinks were refilled quickly, server brought 2nd round of salsa and bean dip without asking and food was taken and served pronto..Summary:Service was on Target *Bullseye!*, Well Decorated, Price was a bit high for the portions given and the Food was a Solid 4 Stars!
3	I've eaten here a few times.  It's OK.  Something always seems lacking in the food and service.  The food is Americanized Mexican with some authentic dishes thrown in like menudo and pozole.I like the food at Viva Mercado's, but it's nothing special, and the service is lackluster as well.  The sopa de fideos is pretty bland, as are the refried beans, rice, etcAll in all, Viva Mercado's might rate 4 stars, not because of the great quality, but because so much of the competition is so bad.
4	Pretty darn good. Las Vegas is lacking in quality Mexican food, but this place is all right in my book. Not the best, but definitely worth checking out in town.They have a good variety of salsa, all you need to do is ask for some more options. Some of their breakfast / brunch specials are pretty delicious and you can add an alcoholic beverage for not too much more money. It's a safe bet in a town with a severe deficiency in Mexican restaurants.
3	Wow...disappointment... This is our usual go to for mexican food.  It was so busy last night (Wednesday) that it was 5 or more minutes before getting our water, and more than 10 before we got our chips.  Both the salsa and bean dip didn't taste as good as normal (and we were starving!). I had the beef taquitos-there was only a smidgen of guacamole and no cheese.  My husband had the carne asada chimichanga which he raved about.  The soup was yummy as usual though!I'm going to rate our dinner a 3 instead of a 2 because they were super busy (We heard the birthday song at least 5x while we were there!).
4	Viva Lunch Specials!! Some of my faith in Las Vegas Mexican food has been restored by Viva Mercados. The restaurant resembles some chain Mexican places (Chi Chi's Macayo, etc..) but that's where the comparison ends. This is a good restaurant with great specials. If you sit in the Cantina, you may order some of the Cantina specials. I had a Carnitas Taco & Margarita special ($8.95). The margarita was a good "restaurant" margarita, and the carnitas was flavorful and well made. I asked for it spicy, so the chef used some very hot Chili d'arboro. This taco was en fuego y delicioso! The menu is pretty big, and there are lots of items I'd like to try. The service was wonderful, and the people working there seemed honestly happy to be there. It often goes unappreciated, but a positive morale amongst the staff really improves the dining experience for the customers. Whoever is responsible for training the staff at this pleasant place needs to write a book, because so many other restaurants in Las Vegas could greatly benefit from this "Zappos-like" approach. Gracias for a great lunch amigos, I'll see you soon......OLE!
3	I heard a lot of good things about this place so alas I gave in to try it. I must say that I am a skeptic when it comes to Mexican food. I am from New Mexico which is famous for it's green & red chile so I get a little excited when I see a restaurant that uses NM chile.First up - the usual chips, salsa & bean dip. The standard salsa wasn't bad for being super mild. I need fire so alas you can request something hotter and they are more than happy to oblige. There are 11 other salsas to choose from that I didn't know about until the end of my visit.Next, fideo - the fideo here was flavorful and much more hearty as it had veggies in it and used a thicker noodle than the usual vermcelli noodle. I did enjoy the twist on the traditional fideo.Entrees- These suckers came out quick within 5 mins of ordering, which makes me question the freshness. But then again it is Mexican food so a lot of it you can't make spur of the moment. My friend comes here all the time so she ordered her usual carne asada tacos which she swears by. I didn't taste them as I was full from my chile verde plate. The pork was tender but not very spicy. Actually it was a little watered down for my taste that the flavor was gone. How you have disgraced the famed NM green chile by denying it's full flavor to shine! haha The flour tortillas tasted as if they were store bought instead of freshly made. I was a little disappoint because I miss freshly made tortillas.We had a couple cervezas to add to our order. On the second round, it took our waiter at least 10 mins to bring us our drinks. For a minute I thought he had gone on break and forgot until he saw us and remembered.  So while enjoying the atmosphere and the guy playing on his guitarra, we get the bill - we spent $50 for 2 people. Hmm paying $16 for mediocre chile verde and $13 for two small tacos and $4.50 a beer. Good lord that bill racks up quick. I think my next trip there will solely consistent of drinks and apps. It's a pretty entertaining atmosphere. If you're picky like me, get the lunch special or bar special to save a few bucks. I can't complain too much because the service wasn't bad.
4	Very high quality food. Friendly service and a clean environment.
4	One of my favorite places for dinner!  Would go again and again.  Not once have we had a bad service or food.
2	The food here is mediocre.  The entrees come out all swimming in melted cheese.  Its hard to differentiate the individual foods, just like every other mexican place. Why is this the norm?   A very small pitcher of sangria cost $16 and this was nothing special too.  Could make better at home.  Quality like this makes me just want to cook and drink at home.  Even blast some mariachi music too!
3	Went there due to recomendations and was told to try one of the fish dishes ended up deciding on the Mariscos Verrados i think. wasnt really impressed.  I give it to the cook scallops la it was not over cooked the flavors were brought out well just a little better than all the rest except for Bonita Michocan.  Service was great couldnt have had a better waiter  My wife had the rellanos and said mine were better.  My sons had some cheese enchiladas and they were just ok.  Margarita was mixed very well had it on the rocks.  However with the price that it came to be just not quite worth it.  Ive had much better meals at other places for much less.
3	Service - 7Atmosphere - 6Food - 8Vegetarian Friendly - 8General Awesomeness - 8We did lunch here on a weekday and had a great meal.  I can't say much about dinner, but I would come again for lunch anytime!
2	Lovin the bean dip! :D This is a nice little joint to check out if you have a big appetite. Right off the bat I can tell you the proportions are large. They'll start you off with red sauce and bean dip, which I was pleased with as the red sauce had a kick to it and it was just perfect as far as texture goes. I was more than satisfied with my order of TACOS DE PESCADO (TALAPIA/Corn Tortillas) with beans and rice. Believe me, the tacos alone will fill you up. Except the rice was not so good, bland in taste. My friend had an order of green chili enchiladas. The chicken was tender, the cheese was good, blended, and melted nicely with the dish BUT the most important part of plate- Green Sauce- was no good :( I was disappointed. Normally, green sauce is sweet and spicy- but this type of green sauce seemed sour- and ruined the enchiladas. My other friend had a red chili carne stew, that's right, I said STEW. So why did his plate come out with carne, red chilli sauce on top, ON TOP of rice? Not your traditional Mexican stew, but none the less when my friend complained, the waiters and waitress were more than happy to replace his meal. I will probably give this place another try later on because supposedly their Margaritas are pretty good :b
4	This restaurant is another proof point that if you want good food in Las Vegas, stay as far as possible from the Strip.  If you come here and leave hungry, its your own fault.  (Perhaps you left hungry because you don't like Mexican food, in which case, you probably should have gone elsewhere.)The standard chip basket is served with a really tasty bean dip.  From there, I had a simple dish: huevos con chorizo y patates.  It's basically a breakfast scramble with Mexican ingredients.  I could tell that the chorizo was fresh and nicely spiced, and the eggs were high quality, too.
5	this place was great. we wandered in one night in search of some good Mexican food. haven't had a lot of luck in Vegas.chips and salsa and hot bean dip yum! we ordered combo plates. everything was very tasty. chile rellenos were awesome. no seeds!  loved the chicken enchiladas too. whole list of different salsas numbered for hotness. husband tried the top 3. 10 was crazy burn your taste buds off with no flavor but other than that they had their own unique flavors. highly recommend trying a few. you get little cups to sample and can purchase the larger size. we bought some to take home. was a nice clean atmosphere. servers were all extremely personable and helpful. nice chill feel. not loud and you don't feel rushed. also found they have nice bar area where you can eat too. went with my husband and three year old. noticed they sat us in the back area way from the quieter diners and instead with other kids which was refreshing.  will be back again soon. really enjoyed it.
5	Mexican food our favorite. My husband and I have tried almost every Mexican restaurant in Vegas and this is our favorite. We eat here almost every Monday night. I get the chicken and beef fajitas and he gets the camarones chipotle con crema. Everyone is so friendly. The service is excellent! Try it for yourself!!
5	How is this neighborhood classified as "Chinatown" by yelp?  It's in a Walmart parking lot in a place white people like.Anyways, from what I gather, Viva preceded the Lindo restaurants and Lindo ripped off their model with the bean dip and fideos soup and I've had passable meals at Lindo restaurants through the years, but I far prefer the experience at Viva.  The food seems a bit zestier.  The atmosphere is a little more sophisticated, plus they originated the Americanized Mexican restaurant model that the Lindo group seems to have taken over.  They do have the same overly cheddar-topped, canned refried beans and sitting in a steamer spanish rice thing as the Lindo's but somehow it seems  better and tastier to me.Great service.  Fine, affordable foodstuffs, convivial atmosphere.  I'll be back...
4	Went for lunch and had a nice meal.  I wouldn't say it was the best I have ever had, but certainly not the worst either.  It was very busy, but the service was still good.  Good sized portions.
4	I've been frequenting this place with my family since I was a kid and they used to be located in a hole in the wall on Flamingo and Jones. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is that I went last week and they have seriously raised their prices. The food is always great. I am addicted to their beef tacos and anything covered in their enchilada sauce. Their chips, salsa and beans are always yummy too. My mom loves and hihgly suggests the green chile pork burrito, which I also think is very good and flavorful, but I would rather stick with enchilada sauce. If they would lower their prices back down some, they would easily get that 5th star back.
5	I've been here twice and this place never disappoints!
3	i thought it would be better with all of the positive reviews. Not really impressed. The chips were stale tasting and salsa was average.. the chicken fajita was good but not great. huge portions but i would have preferred smaller better tasting..
3	Viva Mercados customer service from my entrance to my exit was exceptional! The restaurant anterior was also very traditional to go along with the theme of the restaurant. I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere and overall my visit. Food was good and I will be visiting again.
4	Yummy! Great vegetarian options and great service. They're rice and beans are only so-so but I just use that as portion control. I can't wait to try all their specialty salsas!
4	We searched yelp to find good Mexican and gave it a shot. Great food, great fast service( too fast if u want romantic but great for us with kids)we had a great waiter, fast great runner refilling and taking plates! Alot of food! Next time we'll share. Only bad thing is we wanted great margaritas and were disappointed! But everything else is so good they still get 5 stars from me!
4	Viva Mercardos indeed! I love this joint. My family and I have been coming here for years (back when they were tucked away in a strip mall in Spring Valley). The location is large and I have never experiened a wait. As soon as you are sat, a man rushes over with fresh salsa, hot bean dip, and warm tortilla chips. (Heaven!) Luckily, their menus are coated in plastic, otherwise I would have killed 236 menus in my life time.The prices have gone up over the years, but your chips and dips are unlimited and you get free soupa de fideo when you order an entre (dinner only). I like to add a spoonful of salsa to mine for a little kick. Where to begin on their vast options. Their ceviche is delcious and comes with fresh avacdo. They blend together to create a magical flavor. To die for. Their enchiladas are superb. Yum to the yum, yum, yum. The fajitas sizzle and smell and taste delightful. My sister is a fan of their queosdillas, she would recommend the chicken; it's her "usual." (Two reviewers under one review!) My Mom really loves their carne anything. And she will tell you, anything. (It just became a three way).There are several different dessert options; the usual suspects: flan, fried ice cream, sopapias. The fried ice cream is delish.Viva Mercados hits the spot. Decent prices. Friendly and efficient staff. No long waits. Clean place. Good, consist food. They had me at Bean Dip!
4	Excellent and friendly service.  They accommodated me with vegetarian beans and the veggie tacos were excellent.  Servers are very personable but Ismael was really extraordinary!  Highly recommended.
4	Great taco combos. I ordered a fish taco and a chorizo taco. Both were really tasty and tasted just like home made. The only downfall was the price. It was pretty pricey for Mexican food.$13 for my tacos .... yikes. But this place is much better than Lindo for taste but not price.
5	Probably my favorite non Roberto's Mexican, although I admit I only ever go to the bar for their cantina specials. Extremely fast and friendly service every single time I've been there. In addition to their free fresh chips, salsa and beans, they have several great specials in the bar area only. I can't remember the rest, but I always get the 3 tacos (hard/soft, beef/chicken) with huge Margarita (rocks/blended) for $12. They're big tacos, not the little street tacos and full of meat with homemade shells.
4	This place is always a good choice when craving simple Mexican favorites like my choice of Burrito carne asada. It has tender pieces of steak, grilled and stuffed with pico de gallo. It's known as a big burrito, they say a pound plus, comes with rice and frijolles de la olla inside. It was also comes with sopa de fideos, arroz, and frijoles refritos. It is a lot of burrito and I ended up taking half home for lunch the next day! The flavors are good, the steak tender and juicy, and just right amount of spice. I enjoy most the menu items here and am never disappointed. The margarita's are sweet and cold, the service is fast and they are friendly. We never seem to have a bad meal here.
3	Good food, a bit pricey for a mexican restaurant though... Chimichangas are awesome and the red enchilada sauce (which seems to come on everything) is delicious.
4	This restaurant is our absolute favorite. We have been eating here since it was a small location at Jones and Flamingo. The entire staff are welcoming and friendly. The free chips, salsa, and bean dip are an added bonus to the already enticing menu.
5	I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. I recently discovered their 'cantina only' specials which made this amazing place even better. Phenomenal service, high quality food, consistently a win.There are several specials; two tacos for $5 (and change), three tacos + a 20oz Margarita for $11 (and change), etc. In the main dining room, the average entree is $10-$15 so $11 for an entree AND a margarita is really a steal. Hope this helps!
4	We dined here last night and had a nice experience. We were seated right away and within minutes of being seated the chips and two dips were presented.  We ordered the ceviche de camaron, ensenada-style fried fish taco and the al mojo de ajo "picoso".  The ceviche was the star of the meal: it came in a HUGE goblet and had chunks of shrimp and avocado and plenty of lime wedges.  The fish taco was fine and the picoso chicken was flavorful and delicious, especially when eaten with the guacamole it came with. The waitstaff were very attentive: no empty glasses or dirty dishes left on the table.  They were very friendly and personable.We will definitely come back to try out their margaritas!
4	I was brought here by a local after we had a late flight into Vegas. They were close to closing time but welcomed us in. Everything was AMAZING!!! Excited to go again!!!
4	I had the beef fajitas the food was great but was a little pricey. The frozen margarita was good as well. I will go again.
5	Some of THE BEST margaritas that we have ever had!The food is outstanding, the atmosphere is great, the service is always fast, friendly, and accurate (they get your order right - just the way you like it), but the margaritas are absolutely fantastic!  We love margaritas and have had thousands of them all over the U.S. - and the world, for that matter - and these are the best ever.  I am sure it is the high quality of tequila they use but the bartenders really know how to make them.  You will not be disappointed.
3	I have been here a few times. Its usually the same, the service is SO slow. I dont know if its because they want you to have extra time or what, Once you finally get your food order in, it arrives in a timely manner not longer than 10 min usually. The margaritas, frozen, are standart strip tourist once, unfortunately. You need to ask if they can blend you one by hand no slushie crap.The food is ok, I still like Dona Marias better, but its ok. The prices are a little higher than I like compared to other off strip restaurants.Food is always ok, fresh and not salty but spicy enough to not be boring.
3	we came here for my birthday last year!  it's a really cozy Mexican restaurant thats pretty big inside.. lots of seating! we were a party of 7 so we were seated in a large and comfy booth.  our waiter was super friendly, and while he set us up with two baskets of chips and 2 sets of salsa and bean dips, he recommended a few favorites on the menu before getting us our drinks.  [i totally appreciate that it was before he took our drink order because we could think on his recommendations while we read the menu and waited for our drinks.  it just makes sense!]they have a great fresh salsa and amazing bean dip.  we killed it, and our waiter wasn't hesitant to refill the chips, salsa, or bean dip! dope!!First and foremost I had a large large margarita and large large shot of tequila!  and after that .... I had a big big sombrero to wear for the remainder of the night during dinner!  how fun right?  It really was.. I have pictures.   I had the chicken flautas.  It came with MORE fresh salsa, guacamole, a mini side salad, beans, and rice!  It was sooooo yummy.  It was my birthday so I can't say much for anyone else and what they thought of their food.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the place... but I think after a couple drinks everything starts to taste good.  I even got some churros with ice cream to share with EVERYONE! The drinks are amazing.  LOL.. especially with a sombrero on your head!Cheers!
3	Wait, hold up 4 stars? I must have missed something. By the looks of the reviews perhaps I should've bought a Margarita. Cause while portions were more than enough to feed an army and service accommodating to our group I thought the food wasn't all that spectacular. I suppose it serves it's purpose as gringofied Mexican food. Made me miss my lengua and sesos though.
5	Love thiss place4!! verry good food and clean and very nice people working there!
4	I loved this place!  My family is a big fan of mexican, so we try to hit up the best mexican places in each place we go to.  When we visited vegas, we were desperate to get off the strip, so we drove to this place for dinner on a weeknight.  We were seated right away.  The layout is a little awkward as there are 4 smaller rooms.. I guess it is to easily accommodate smaller parties.  Anyway, the food was amazing!  We got some tacos and the fajita dish.  The servings were large and tasty.  I also enjoyed the complimentary bean dip.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for some place to eat off the strip.
2	Dont know what the fuss is all about, one sunny afternoon my fiancee decided that she would like to pick a restaurant this time. So I quietly followed along and she yelp me to this restaurant.What can I say, I am not a big fan of mexican cuisine but, I guess this place was everything I can dread of. Chips and salsa, good but if thats the only stuff people rave about, you know you got a problem. When my carnitas arrived and looks dry and cubed, instead of pulled pork with some sort of marinated sauces, I am too darn dissapointed. I am too hungry to sulk and complain so I just ate it. When I open the tortilla basket and found they only put two? one for me and one for the food that my fiancee ordered, I was so darn pissed. But I put on a smily face since my fiancee feels like mexican. I would never come back here again. Finished eating, I just cant wait to go to my usual pad see ew hang out place. 1 tortilla come on???
4	The atmosphere very nice and friendly. They have a Mariachi band on Friday and Saturday evenings.  The food is very tasty and the service great. The combination plate I got the two items tasty, with a chicken tostada and a chicken tamale in the husk, served with rice, very yummy and beans and a bowl of soup. One other thing I like are the specialty sauces you can order in addition, as well as the very hot but good toriados, deep fried jalapenos.  enjoy!
4	I ate at the bar/cantina side.  I love the fact that the bar area has tables instead of just barstools. I had a cup of albondigas soup and ceviche salad.  The soup was good and hearty for one cup.  As for the ceviche salad, it was a very generous portion. Unfortunately, I had my heart set on the "ceviche de camaron" not the "shrimp ceviche salad" but I guess I mispronounced it or something.  The good news is that the ceviche is same in both recipes and costs exactly the same but I left so much lettuce I felt wasteful.  After my early dinner, the busser/co-waiter gave me complimentary churros! So yummy and fresh tasting.  The churros were warm, like right out of the fryer, not heated in a microwave.As for service, the employees were very attentive, helpful and friendly. My dirty, empty dishes were only on the table for like, 2-3 minutes tops and I never run out of coke zero with the fast refills.So I will definitely be back! :D
2	As for Mexican food goes, the taco's were okay but rice and beans below average.The prices are way to high $50 lunch for 3 even with the Yelp check-in coupon it's to expensive, Salsa was an extra charge which is ridiculous. The prices and mediocre food will probably keep me from returning
5	Oh, yes.  One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, I've been coming here since it was there (in a little strip mall on Flamingo).  Things I love:-Food - everything I've tried on the menu is delicious-Salsa- great variety, from 1-10 chiles.  If you're a chile head like me, get the habanero salsa, you won't be disappointed.  If you're not, don't worry, there are plenty of milder choices so pick your heat level & jump right in.-Chips- fresh, served w/mild salsa & bean dip.  Restrain yourselves, as portion sizes are quite large & you need to leave room, trust me.-Tequila- Good selection, but pretty basic list.  Still, good choices to be found.-Location- If you visit Vegas & want to get off the strip, great choice.  There actually is a real Las Vegas.Service- Always solid.
2	Used to be excellent. Now, too overpriced, commercial, and service isn't that great.
2	I still stand by my review. The owner was kind enough to send me an inquiry about my lower rating. Service and qualiy are number one in my book. Both of these unfortunately lacked on my recent visit.
3	Visited Viva for lunch with a few co-workers and it was ok, there were two parts of my experience that I appreciated:1- the salsa is excellent - perfect amount of 'hot', fresh and not chunky!2- our server, Omar, he was very, VERY conscientious and quick! The food . . . . I was hoping for memorable, I wanted to love it, but it was average.  I've had better, yes, quite a few times actually.  I ordered the Ensenada style fish tacos and they are not like those I've had in Ensenada and frankly were tasteless.  There was a green chile sauce that was supposed to be used for a dressing, but it added nothing.  The beans were ok, rice was blah -- and again tasteless.  Another person in our party ordered the Mexican style soft chicken tacos -- she said they were good, but agreed with my beans and rice evaluation.  The prices were a little high as some of the other reviewers mentioned, $9-10 for a plate, and the drinks will add another $2.50 to your bill... but if the food was amazing, I'd have absolutely no issue paying that.  Nothing special, nothing exciting, just plain ol' AVERAGE Mexican eats!
4	Food was decent, not the greatest, but it was good.  The thing that will bring us back is the service!  Parking lot was packed we didn't have to wait long though.
5	Hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. The Service is always excellent. Food always fresh. I really have nothing bad to say about this place. Each time I always received the best food and service.
4	Best Mexican in Las Vegas and they serve strong Margaritas at a great price.  Good simple Mexican food...definitely not a Mundo(Mexican Fusion.)
5	As far as Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas go, for me, Viva Mercado's reigns supreme.  We've been coming to Viva ever since they were at there former location on Flamingo.  I really loved the funkiness of the first location and initially felt that the new location on Rainbow was a little, I don't know, sterile in comparison. We hadn't been to Viva for a long while - and we had some celebrating to do!  We arrived pretty early for dinner on a Friday and were seated immediately.  Being the good Yelper that I am, I immediately checked in.  To my surprise Viva offers a 20% off your bill check-in offer!  Win!Once we were seated we received a basket of their complimentary chips with salsa and bean dip.  I like the salsa, but LOVE the bean dip.  It's hard to leave room for the main course!  We ordered up our entrees and drinks - Tostadas Acapulco-style and a Sauzarita Margarita (Sauza Gold w/ Grand Marnier) on the rocks for me.  They serve one of my favorite fideo soups here, and it was as good as I remembered it. When the entrees arrived they were RIDICULOUSLY HUGE!  My tostadas were piled high with a ceviche-like mountain of chilled shrimp, langostino, and crab with pico de gallo, queso fresco and a dab of sour cream.  Refreshing citrus flavors and huge chunks of seafood.  So yummy - but I could only finish one.  We asked our terrific server (didn't get his name but he was great) for boxes - and they surprised us with complimentary freshly-made churros at the end of the meal.  I managed to polish off one of the churros, even though I was totally stuffed.Love you Viva - I promise not to stay away too long next time!
4	Very nice place,and here have good food.
4	My husband and I visit Viva Mercado's often.  The wait staff is attentive and very friendly.  Our drinks are never empty! The complimentary soup they serve is very good! And I also love the chips and salsa/bean dip.  The chips are always fresh and crispy.  I love their chimichanga's and my husband is partial to the fajitas that come to the table still sizzling.  If you haven't tried this place yet, you're missing out!
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had!  although I haven't had that much experience with Mexican food (Wahoo's)  Haha!But the service was very good and the food was even better!  They give you chips and sauces.  Your meal comes with beans and rice.I had fish taco's that were so good I stuffed myself and ate it all!  My husband had enchilada's and they boys had beef & pork burrito's.  No one had any complaints.  Everything was fresh and delicious!  I just can't get over how good it was.We don't have anything even close to this in Hawaii!
1	This review is about the customer service I received from the manager. I am extremely disappointed with Viva Mercado's policy regarding large parties. I wanted to have my day's 60th birthday here. To hold a reservation for 20-25, I had to leave my credit card number. I totally understand this...HOWEVER, I was told that I would have to pay $15 for every person that did not come. In addition, I was told that they would not accommodate separate checks for parties of 3-4, even with gratuity added. After asking for separate tables near each other, I was told they could not guarantee that. Obviously, I decided not to have my father's party here and instead moved it to Bonito Michoacan. Bonito Michoacan was more than accommodating with all of my requests. Their menu was less expensive and the food was equally as good. I have decided to take my business elsewhere and will not return to Viva Mercados. My experience with them has left me with a bitter taste, and I feel my money would be better spent at a restaurant that still remembers to put the customer first.
1	Dear Robert,Yes, your large party policy is a direct reflection of your customer service, since it affects your customers. I'm sorry too. My family and I have been regular customers for over a decade and will not be returning. There are simply too many other restaurants that put a higher priority on customer service, with equally as good food. "Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning."Bill Gates
5	Came here thanks to Yelp reviews and am so glad I did! The food is FABULOUS  and huge portions. The fideo soup served with every meal is so flavorful and delicious! The drinks are potent and the food is wonderful. We have been back many times and are never disappointed we feed a family of five off of two entrees' and it is more than enough! Come here, you won't be disappointed
5	Really great Mexican food and great service. I will be returning. Wish I could remeber our servers name he was excellent.
5	Best Mexican in Vegas!! So friendly and nice!!
5	You can't get anything not amazingly delicious from Viva Mercado's. I've been dining here for the last 15 year, the food is very flavorful and authentic  and the margaritas are splendid. They have the best  Toriadas I've ever had. They have a great food special if you eat in the bar and they're a great choice for catering options.
4	This place is good, the portions are big, the menu is 4 pages long, the service is quick and pleasant.  I got there during happy hour and it was two margaritas for $5.95.  That was a great deal.  I walked in starving having not eaten practically all day and I had to go lie down afterwards.
5	Sooo bummed they closed last week!! does anyone know why??
1	THEY ARE OUT OF BUSINESS!! It dosen't surprise me the owner was never there his people stepped all over him!
5	Service was great and all the food very good.
5	SO SAD!! This place was awesome... I hope they open up again!
2	Guess my original review was right on. They are now closed.
5	Viva Mercado's please open soon. I have boasted about you for years and loved eating at your establishment. I have had many great trips, meals, and ultimately memories in Mexico and eating at Viva Mercado's brings them all back to me. I moved to the other side of town and kept looking for reasons to come to your side to eat. A while back some co-workers and I were nearby for training. I suggested Mercado's and we drove to your location. Upon arrival my stomach or heart was broken as I learned that you had closed down. Please know that it can only be a result of the economy because the food, atmosphere and service were great. I hope that you are able to re-open soon. i will keep checking to learn when you do.
5	Viva just reopened off of Sahara and fort apache in the village square shopping center.  So glad it is finally back.  Love the carnitas, Chile Colorado, and can never go wrong with the cheese enchiladas.  That is of course if you don't fill up on the chips and salsa.  And the Cadillac margaritas are top notch on the rocks with salt of course.  The new place looks great too with a good size bar, dining room that looks sleek and isn't too loud even when its packed.  Even better the Mariachi is the perfect sound level so you can enjoy the music and the conversation without yelling.  The staff was very attentive and super friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for great Mexican in the las Vegas area.  I like it so much I drive all the way from Henderson.
5	So happy to see Viva Mercado's open again.  Love the new location.  The food was great as we expected.  The salsa is my favorite in town, just the right amount of spice and not too chunky.  I'm a big fan of the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style (of course).  I also like the cheese enchiladas and beef tacos (crispy).It was great to see some familiar faces working there and the staff was fast and friendly.  Can't wait to go back again.
5	Welcome back Viva's!!  the new restaurant is beautiful (by far the best one)  food was amazing!!  margarita's delish!!  Best mexican food in town!!!
1	Ok, I get it that everyone is excited you finally opened.We (party of 5) came in today for Brunch.After asking two waiters 3 time for water and half way thru my meal, I finally got water.  I also asked our waiter for the habanero sauce which I had to remind him again half way thru my meal.  After paying our check 2 of decided to have a shot of corralejo tequila. I went to the Bar where I stood for over 5 minutes while the Bartender and servers watched the game ignoring me. I left and the returned, still no service.  I finally said in a loud voice to the Bartender. Quit watching the game and get me our drinks. This is a terrible way to keep customers.  Not sure we will return.  $30 for 2 shots that I pretty much had to beg to get is rediculous.  Happy Holidays.
4	Glad they have reopened and now in Village Square. Service is outstanding. Menu is extensive and as a transplanted Texan, just love the Texas Enchilada's complete with diced onions on top.  My go to Mexican food place in the west valley
