5	good and cheep for 50 yearsif you go from pete' s to pete's east to west or west to east you will see what phoenix loked like in 1955
5	I never been to a Fish, and Chips place because where I'm from they didn't have them. Someone told me that if I want to try them, I must come here. So I did, and I loved it! it was bomb. The fish was real good, and the fries were bomb too. They also have this special sauce. It is so addictive, you have to come and try this place out. Other cool thing is that this place is sorta retro, and reminds you of the 1950's. They only except cash just like the ol days too! They need to change this though for us people living in the 21st century.
2	Woe is me. I have been coming to Pete's since I was a wee one and always got a burrito and fries. I have recently revisited and...the burritos have changed for the worse. The burritos are completely different, they now have a really crappy cheese and a whole hecka lot of beef. I never quite knew what was inside the burritos, I suspected beef, but now it is almost pure beef. The sauce is still the same, the fries are still the same, but the burritos are sheer disappointment.
4	If you don't live in Tolleson, Pete's is pretty much the only reason to come here. But, it's a damn good reason. The fish is tender and tasty, the shrimp strip things are addictive, the chips have that perfect combination of crisp and soggy, the sauce has a delightful tang. The only place I've had better fish and chips is Ireland.
4	Growing up in Mesa, we used to go to the old school, original Pete's. I was THRILLED when I found out about this location, since I now live out on the westsiiiiiiiiiiiiiide. (Sorry, had to do that.)I love Pete's! The only thing that bums me out is the "cash only" deal. Wtf is this "cash" that people talk about anyway? :)
3	Good fish fry place. I've also had there Monster Burger- delish.
3	finally got a chance to try this place out, and I'm pleased to say that it is pretty darn good. while spending an evening with the in-laws, we ordered from Pete's. I had the scallops & chips(but with onion rings), which was good--the scallops were tender and juicy, but with a perfect breading; on the other hand, the breading on the onion rings was not what I was looking for--WAY too crunchy, and a bit difficult to eat.the special sauce was alright, but a bit of a let-down. it was more of a spicy ketchup than anything truly special(I would have preferred some sort of sweet-spicy remoulade).the big plus for Pete's is the COST. super cheap, quality seafood; super cheap burgers; super cheap everything. their fries were also pretty darn good(though they could have used a bit more salt, which I didn't hesitate to add).we'll definitely be ordering from Pete's again; we're dying to try the Dixie Dog, and I'll likely have a hankering for oysters soon.
5	Hey Pete's fans! You can look forward to a SUPER PETE'S! they just broke ground on construction. YAY!
2	Soooo disappointed. My friends raved about Pete's. Today was the day I finally check out Pete's. I order the 3 piece fish meal (w/fries). I guess it would be tood if you enjoyed greasy, oily, deep fried fish. The fish was not even seasoned well. I think the local grocery freezer could have done a better job.PROS: cheap eats, prepared quicklyCONS: oily, not well seasoned, cash onlyI will not be going back.
5	This place is truly a common component in your diet if you grew up in the vicinity of a Pete's Fish n' Chips. I've always ordered the fish n' chips, recently adding shrimp to the mix. The fish is in a rectangular shape and the breading is always a nice golden color. Pete's isn't doing anything fancy here and yet it has remained to be a local favorite since 1947! L-O-V-E the Pete's sauce (its pato sauce and ketchup.) and it's a great spicy ketchup kinda deal. Way better than any cocktail sauce. The fish and fries have a good amount of salt on them and I think that's all they use for seasoning. It's simple and good. The fish and shrimp can be a bit greasy, but it is to be expected when you are eating fried food. But I don't think it is nowhere near as greasy as its competitor Long John Silver.Way back I know I've had the burritos and monster burgers, but given the name of a place you might wanna guess what is best to stick with. I'll take Pete's over any other fish n' chip place!Ps, It's CASH ONLY.
3	Pete's is more about the institution of Pete's than the food. As other reviewers mention, it's a breaded, fried, rectangular patty-o-fish. That's just fine if it's what you're after. It's cheap, quick, and atmospheric. We were satisfied with our snack. Watch out for the lunch and after work rushes. Busy!
5	I love Pete's Fish n Chips. They have great food. Always the same quality no matter how long it takes u to get back to this Pete's in Tolleson.
4	Great fried fish and crispy onion rings....yum!
4	My daughter brought me here for a belated Father's day lunch. Wow! I couldn't believe my eyes. Almost drove right by. Complete and total make over inside and out. Even a new electric sign out front. They must have got new deep fryers too...the food tasted better than usual. You can actually see shrimp inside the crust. I got a 7 piece lunch combo. (5 shrimp and 2 oysters) with a pile of fries and Pete's sauce. I brought some Tabasco with me to spice it up a little.  My daughter had the 3 piece fish and chips. Everything was hot and crispy and the oysters were plump and juicy. Make sure you bring cash though, CASH ONLY! They have an ATM on site but will hit you up for $2.50. I will be returning more often cash in hand. Hope you all do the same. Order the oysters...Plump and juicy but be careful when you bite into it or you will squirt hot juice everywhere!  ENJOY!
4	Loved it!  That sauce is pretty awesome.  Crispy coating on my shrimp stayed crispy and crunchy.  I was a bit disappointed that they were out of oysters...but there's always next time.  I'm a bit embarrassed to say that even having lived in the valley for over 10 years, this was my first trip to Pete's.  I don't know why I waited so long!
5	My all time favorite fast food place to eat while visiting Phoenix. You don't think of fish when you think of the desert but believe me, it's good! My Kids & I order the shrimp & chips with extra sauce and my Husband orders the burger and fries. Everything on the menu is tasty especially with the Pete's secret spicy sauce. I love Pete's Fish & Chips!!!
3	It was fine. My husband and I went so he could reminisce about going when he was a child. Food was fine, atmosphere was sort of nice (it was a nice day).
5	It's Pete's! Need I say more? Can't get enough of the sauce
2	They quit selling fried oysters! Couldn't tell me why either. The fried oysters were my favorite too....Dam!!!
3	This location does not serve lettuce or tomato.  So when I asked for a monsterburger deluxe w/ cheese.  The guy taking my order was like...uhh what's deluxe?  So I told him that at the Indian School location, they have the deluxe option with lettuce and tomato.  He then told me that they do not serve tomato or lettuce.  Get on the lettuce tomato bandwagon Tolleson Pete's!!  This location is crazy busy on Saturdays nights (probably on Fridays too, but I went with my mom on a Saturday night).  Highly suggest not parking on the west side of the building and the line of cars in the drive-thru can stretch all the way to the street...and you may have to wait for a few minutes to back out of your parking spot.  Best place is to park on the south side of the building.
1	To call this fish and chips is SOOO wrong.  Its nothing like fish and chips should be.  Go to George and Dragon in Phoenix if you want real fish and chips.  Greasy squares of fish is disgusting.
3	What's with the occasional poor reviews?  I just don't get it! Doesn't everybody already know that they serve previously frozen battered fish and shrimps? I don't go there expecting hand breaded fresh seafood but I do expect it to be freshly prepared which they never disappoint! Granted not much shrimp or fish under the breading but hey, what do you expect for the reasonable prices. When I do go there the food is always hot...right out of the fryer, the sauce is ok for most folks but I take a bottle of Tabasco with me and additional salt is needed on the fries. The servers are not overly nice or friendly but I am not there for that....just eating and getting satisfied is my goal. The dining area has properly adjusted misters and overhead fans on the large clean covered patio during the summer and heating in the winter. My overall description of Pete's is unpretentious x 10! So....just eat and enjoy yall! :-) BTW wish they would serve oysters again damit! - 1 star
2	Nothing like the quality at the 44th St. Location. Fish was flakey and over fried. Not sure i'll go back to this location. Also no lettuce or tomato? What? A second thing.. Cash only? Is this a money laundering scheme or do they not have anyone on their payroll that knows enough about IT to install and manage a POS system that can handle a CC? If this is the case I would be glad to render my services just because I know you can do better than this. Also.. Cash only just screams "ROB ME!" Not too bad, but you have catching up to do!
5	I know they all have Pete's sauce, but this joint's is best, SPICY.... You can order burgers, fish and chips, chicken tenders, corn dogs, the menu is huge. This place has been "upgraded" from the old stand style shop to a bigger building with more covered outdoor seating. Pete's isn't a gourmet style shop, so if that's your ticket, punch it elsewhere. If you want some deep fried crispy fish and chips, or a great burger this place is certainly good for that.
3	If your looking for a fine dining seafood experience this isn't it, but that's not what they claim to be. It's just one of those guilty pleasure experiences. Food is hot and fresh, processed and deep fried. Outdoor seating is a little uncomfortable and hot so eat fast or get it to go!
1	My husband and I went expecting real hand battered fish, not a frozen patty from Costco and bland fries. A real let down. And they'd don't have any malt vinegar or even ketchup and their cup of sauce is just watered down cheap cocktail sauce. Not what we remember Pete's being like, the owners are clearly more interested in making a large profit than serving a quality product, which will eventually hurt their business by driving customers away. In addition, that only accept cash and the ATM on site charges $3 for a transaction. We will no go back.
3	It's Pete's yo!  If you don't know, you should.  No frills, fried food.  I usually get my combo's with Frings, fries and onion rings, and top off my Pete's sauce with a few dashes of Tapatio.
3	Came back again on Mon. around noon with my 2 daughters and grand daughter in tow for our Pete's fix. Nothing much has changed from my previous reviews and updates save two! The shrimp are now a little smaller overall but larger pieces of shrimp inside the batter and the prices have gone up! Our order of fish combo (2 fish, 5 shrimp and fries), 7 piece shrimp and fries and 8 piece chicken nuggets came to $21.80 not counting $2  ATM charge for cash. Got our food quickly and piping hot even during lunch rush! Be careful if you go, lots of road work on Van Buren in front of Pete's and other businesses! Prob be awhile for our next fix!
1	The only reason I put one star is because I had to rate something.  We tried to eat here a couple months ago but quickly realized it was "cash only."  I'm curious as to how much business they are losing. Anyway we finally tried it out today and oh my it was horrible.  The fish looked and tasted like they have been frozen and the shrimp were so tasteless.  We paid $30 plus tax for three meals and I was so disgusted that I contemplated taking the food back. Also the no lettuce and tomato?  What is up with that?  We absolutely hated it and won't be back...something just sounds too fishy.
2	Pre-made frozen products. Cash only is a little questionable. The price of the food is high for cafeteria quality. I'd say it's comparable to hospital food but fried.
3	As a child my mom would come after work and we would order either if it was drive in or eating outside on the patio. I give Petes Fish and Chips a high although we usually go to the one in old town Glendale. My husband is not from here so he doesnt enjoy it quite as much as I did as a kid. Lately I have noticed that they have really changed as far as the food quality. But there are good days and bad days for how the food is presented.
1	Cash only, no drink refills, no phone orders, no ketchup, 90% breading 10% shrimp, and frozen fish. No thanks. Hey Pete, can I get my money back?
5	been coming here since I was a kid. always loved it and it is still the same as it used to be.
1	Oh wow ! I hear about this place a lot.... I went to get some burgers and shrimp. Well , what can I say ... I try to look for something positive on places I go eat, this place it was disappointing .... I go Order ,they tell me cash only... then I go drive to a bank teller for $$ , so I order, then Kids are playing around the kitchen ,I was like what the... few minutes later my order is ready. OK, lets see here , Oh Man! my Burger is so dry and one side is kinda burnt, the Shrimp !! all I had is the breading ..where is the Shrimp !! .... Sorry Pete if you still around , It really SUCK !  This place stands out by it's name only and the food it's like not the best ........ not coming back to Pete's place .
1	So this place had great reviews when I first came here. I noticed their starts have now dropped which is good. People made this place sounds amazing but if I wanted a frozen fish patty I would just have gone to the store and bought a bag of my own for cheaper.
4	Pete's has been a favorite in my family since my dad was attending Tolleson Union High School. I'm not much of a sea food person, but it's hard to resist their shrimp and chips combos. Their Monster Burger stands up to any other fast food burger as well. Don't get me started on their sauce! You could put that stuff in an IV and inject me with it and I still wouldn't be satisfied!But I never leave Pete's with out ordering at least one of their burritos. The perfect blend of beef, beans, and cheese! Weird right!? Burritos at a fish place!? Trust me... You won't be disappointed. Love this place!
