1	It's really hard finding a female OB/GYN here in Las Vegas. I went to see her at a very critical time- I was having problems with my pregnancy, it was my first, after all.I was on the very cusp of getting my health insurance coverage. (I was still in the probation period at my new job, and was to receive the benefits the following month.) It seemed as if she did not want to deal with me because I didn't have insurance, and was going to apply for medicaid. She was very cold and callous as I was going through this difficult time in my life- I ended up losing the baby. She showed me no empathy and didn't seem to care as a medical professional. I felt so terrible and it was worse by having her as a doctor- yes, she seemed capable but she was not a people person. When she told me the news that I had lost the baby, I don't even think that she felt badly- it was the delivery- how she told me- expressionless, like an "Oh well."Fast forward a few years later, I had heard women raving about her on the local Mark & Mercedes show on Mix 94.1 FM. I really wanted to set the record straight about her. (I am sharing my experience because maybe someone else will read this and will think twice about seeing her.) But apparently, someone on yelp.com already exposed her for her lack of communication skills.
1	STAY AWAY FROM HERE AS IF YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT (it may.)In no particular order, the reasons why:1) The office staff/management doesn't know what they are doing (i.e. needed to be told what a 'copay' was, doesn't know what a 'deductible' is)2) Will make you wait well beyond your appt time3) The lobby stinks4) The Dr. has no bedside manner to speak of and she isn't up-to-date on her medical knowledge - she told me a condition I had should be "cured" based on a medication I take for symptoms; the condition is NOT curable (I double- and triple-fact checked that just to make sure I wasn't posting misinformation here); she also assumed that I had something that made absolutely no sense (and terrified me), so I went for a second opinion two days later, and that (competent) Dr. said he had no idea why she would jump to such a conclusion - he pulled my labs and it was clear she didn't know what she was talking about because I had a completely clean bill of health (Thank God for that other Dr.)5) During blood draw, their phlebotomist went straight into the tissue in my arm and caused bleeding inside which put me out for a few days and left me with a huge disgusting bruise on my arm (like I'm a junkie or something; see my uploaded pics for proof.) If this has ever happened to you, then you know how painful it is. If it hasn't, you do NOT want to know how painful this is!6) They said to call Friday for results, then said they didn't have them (OK fine, it happens); then called Monday for the same results at 9 am and they said 'the nurse has left for the day, try tomorrow'; so unprofessional.7) Sitting in the room, you can hear staff outside in the halls laughing and basically wasting (your and any other patients') time.8) In the other rooms, I could hear other patients fighting like an episode of Jerry Springer - SO not the environment where you want to be getting medical treatment.There are two other terrible reviews of this place that Yelp has hidden for some reason, but they are in line with my experience and apparently with that of the woman who was here in 2010.*****Do not go here - you've been warned.****
1	DO NOT GO TO DR MARSHA GOODHEADShe should NOT be allowed to be a doctor, especially not a womens doctor! I went in for my 1st pregnancy appt (i had an ectopic pregnancy in the past and was super nervous and concerned that this might happen again), and she instantly judged me by my outward appearance. (I have tattoos) .. super common nowadays .I filled out computerized paperwork. .which asked what nationality the babys father is, in my case (African american) &im white.. She came in exam  room , looked me up and down and waa reading my paperwork  (medical  history)1st question she had for me was "do u even want a baby, i see u had an abortion before", i answered with "that was when i was 17, im 35 now", next question was "does your boyfriend want it?", i answered "yes, hes super happy and  excited",  to that she said "why? Does he have a bunch of kids or something? ", i was taken back but the question, and responded "no, he has 1 daughter who is 15" then she immediately asked "is he even active in her life?" I answered "yes, very active, ive been her stepmom for 13 years".. she was like "hmmm"... like she hated that i wasnt a walking jerry springer episode. . She had nothing else to say, did physical exam then sent nurse in to draw blood... that lady was a total c-word too..super cold and rude, poked me 5 times before getting necessary blood... leaving me badly bruised for 2 weeks..Told me to go get sonogram somewhere else tomorrow to find out if pregnancy was ectopic. . Also said my results would be back the next day and they'd call me if anything was irregular. .. I cried that whole day after I  left. . She was so mean, ive heard ppl say shes like that bcuz of her military background. .no excuse in my book..Needless to say, i started looking for a new ob gyn the next day..A month later joan called from the office to let me know i had an infection. .my sister answered my phone and asked to take a message,  she told my sister i needed treatment and to call back.. i called back  and asked for joan, she got on the phone and i asked that they not disclose my personal information to others, she got an instant attitude,  i said  regardless,  i just need to know what's wrong, what do i need treatment for? She went off on me saying if i didnt want my personal information given out, i shouldn't be letting ppl answer my phone.. i told her ur being very unprofessional,  can u just give me my results.. its been over a month that they've known something was wrong with me.. she then said don't worry about it and hung up on me, i called back immediately, , the next lady who answered the phone,  i begged, please don't transfer me to joan,  can u just tell me what us wrong?.. she put me on hold , then came  back on the  line to tell me i had a uti..for over a month i didnt get these results, it could have ruptured . Cold as ice, and very rude. Unprofessional. .& I ENDED UP MISCARRYING .. :-(
