3	The food here is basically terrible.  Greasy and loaded with sodium.  So why am I still giving it 3 stars?  Well, it's cheap and fast.  You get a lot of stuff for under $5 and the drive-through is super fast.
4	For fast-food Chinese, it's pretty good! They have great sesame chicken and the owner is a wonderful man. Not 4 star Chinese if you are wanting sit-down restaurant quality. But it's the  best fast-food Chinese around!
3	Attention POOR college students, this is a great place for drive-through Chinese!  I rave about this place and it gets 4 stars NOT because of taste, but the consistency their huge portions.  4 words:  Eat here, be full.  It has never failed me that way.  I don't ever go here to sit down (and don't plan on it), but the drive through is awesome for a quick boat-load of yummy carbs.  I get a box FULL of steaming rice and pick a 2-item combo from their daily menu, usually chicken with mushrooms or szechuan beef.  For around $5, it's the best bang for your buck.The brown paper bag they hand over probably weighs several pounds and my hand buckles as I lift it through my window.  Their eggrolls and crab rangoon are good... everything is a version of "americanized" Chinese food.   I don't see a lot of asians frequenting this place because they don't offer much variety or quality of flavor but hey, I can't complain!  (From what I've encountered through the drive-through), the workers are smiley, pretty nice and very efficient.  It's not gourmet, but when I'm hungry and telling myself "not pizza again..." it will be Hot Wok Express.  Just slather on some sriracha hot sauce.
4	- fast: you can get your food in under 5 mins- cheap: about $5- big portion: sometimes you can get 2 meals, really!- nice owner: he works as hard (or even harder) than any worker there and is very nice to talk to. Sometimes he even offer you free eggroll. Now, im not a big fan of eggroll, but it is free :)food is ok. you will get tired of it if you eat there everyday (which I did for almost the whole month when I was preparing for my Qual exam), but give yourselves a break and things will be back to normal again ;)
3	Well, at least it's cheap. Hot Wok serves a purpose ... It makes food court Chinese seem gourmet by comparison. Best part? You don't need to get out of your car.
2	You get a lot for your money, but you also get a lot of rice from the store for $5.  And that's basically what the meals are here.  I got a spicy shrimp dish and found very few, tiny shrimp.  It was not spicy at all.  My girlfriend got a chicken dish, which wasn't any better.  This was in my poor apartment-dwelling days, when I rarely threw out much of anything - but I ended up throwing it out.  There was a lot, but it was all bland rice.  It will fill you up for cheap, but so will Niro's or Cocina Real next door, and they have flavor.
3	Hot Wok is what it is- fast and cheap. As long as you understand that then you will not be disappointed with what you get.
4	One of my vices for sure. I love this place for some odd reason. The lo mein, broccoli chicken, and sweet and sour chicken are my favs. Egg rolls are good too.
5	My favorite chinese food.  I'm super picky and this place has the best chicken and green beans.  The portions could feed another person as well but perfect for lunch the next day!
3	ARE YOU HUNGRY? WANT SOME AMERICAN CHINESE FOOD? Well, come to Hot Wok, order a pork fried rice, and mix of 2 meats / vegetables, and it will feed you for 1 1/2 - 2 meals. Imagine panda express but close to double the portion. They really load it up and the prices are extremely cheap. Gotta recommend this place if your looking for some massively cheap food but high quantity
3	Primal.That is the one word I would chose to describe my experience with this place. If you are coming here, I'm guessing you are not looking for the pinnacle of authentic Chinese food. Sorry to say, but these harbors aren't so golden. But, for a very low price, you can fill a styrofoam box, and your stomach to the top. I got orange chicken and beef & broccoli over pork-fried rice and 3 (soft/stale) almond cookies for $6.95. It will last me two meals. That's not bad, and for dopamine-inducing comfort food, sometimes quantity is all you need.
2	This place is somewhat different from your stereotypical Chinese combo plate places. First off, I don't think this place understands what half and half means since they just gave me all fried rice. Second, they have three different types of fried rice rather than just one type. Third, they don't show exact prices for how their combo plates work. Fourth, they give you enough food to feed two people. I paid $7 for fried rice and two menu items. Though they serve portentous portions, the quality of the food is lacking. Also, the person taking my order gave one of the biggest sighs I've ever heard. Dang, she must've really wanted the day to be over and was getting tired of serving or whatever.
1	It has been probably a decade since I last ordered from Hot Wok Express, and I decided to see if they were as horrible as I remembered. I ordered the fried rice with sweet & sour chicken. Now I remember why I haven't returned in 10 years. (Trust me, I won't return ever again....10, 20, or more years...I'm done!) Service was a little slow as I watched the woman scooping the white rice into the take-away container. She realized her error and simply dumped the white rice back into the original container and started scooping up the fried rice into the same take-away container. Eventually, they laid 8 pieces of fairly large sized chicken (they look like chicken strips) on top of the bed of rice, and gave me a cup of sweet & sour sauce. Their sauce is atrocious. I brought the leftovers to work for lunch today, and the sauce will not reheat; it's a gelatinous blob of red goo - absolutely disgusting! Save your money and go anyplace else in town!
2	Tried it once because I was nearby and didn't feel like walking too far. The food was very bland and seemed like it had been pre-cooked and had been reheated.
4	Fast, cheap, americanized Chinese food often sounds pretty good after a night of partying.  The only knock on this place is that the location is a little sketchy and I dont really like to come here solo at night.
3	Big portion but the same dish everyday. The dishes are average, but it is still decent for quick convenient takeout
