1	I have been here for 3 months and would not recommend these apartments. My neighbors fight in the hall constantly, cars have been broken into, the pool has been closed due to broken beer bottles, and the t.v's have been stolen from the workout room. That's just the stuff from the past two weeks.It is not a safe place, especially for a family. It's basically a nightmare. On a positive note, The marble countertops are nice and the closets are big.
1	I have lived here for nearly two years and over the last 9 months, it has gone downhill fast. Neighbors are constantly being loud, fighting, and nothing is being done about it. Cars have been broken into and the fitness center had all the televisions ripped off the wall. The dumpster is constantly overloaded and pouring out onto the sidewalk. Trash and food is all over the place by the weekend. So looking forward to leaving. It was fine and a great place when it was under the original management company, but now under new management and new staff, it is an unsafe and horrible place to live. Definitely not an environment I want to stay in. Lease DEFINITELY not being renewed.
4	I moved here from CT a little over two years ago, I love living at Ashton Reserve at Northlake.  I rarely have problems, but if and when I do the complex is very responsive to my needs and takes care of issues within a day.  I live on the 3rd floor so I have vaulted sealing's which make my apartment feel larger, the countertops are garnet.  The only down falls have been that under the new management the staff within the leasing office can be rude, the trash compactor is always overflowing and smells, and the washer/dryer within the apartments can be very noisy.
1	The office staff is rude, ghetto, and unprofessional. They talk loud and use profanity right in front of tenants . They even talk negatively about tenants openly without a care. The lack of customer service is ridiculous. On top of that I have a neighbor that smokes so much marijuana I can smell it in my apartment. I have complained several times and was told there was nothing they could do... SERIOUSLY?!!!! Some one doing drugs which is illegal and nothing can be done. The TV's were stolen from the fitness center and was left like that for months, they allow crazy unruly parties in the clubhouse to the point were police have to come break it up, cars have been broken into, people argue outside often, the pool area is a zoo with loud music excessive drinking and people, and they have one track area for the entire complex which is CONSTANLY overflowing! Bottom line... you do not want to live here! Its been on a downward spiral since new management and office staff. For the amount of money tenants pay to there you would expect more but you definitely wont get it! Cant wait until my lease is up to get the heck out of there!!!!!!!!!!!
