4	Apparently this is Edinburgh's newest beer cellar, which opened at the end of May 2008. As luck would have it I was staying at a hotel in the same street, and happened upon this place on my way back after an evening out. A tiny one-room place (aren't a lot of them in Edinburgh!), it boasts a HUGE range of bottled beers from around the world and a barman who can suggest great alternatives if the the exact beer you want isn't in the cellar. When I turned up it was in the aftermath of a Euro2008 game and the student end of term, so it was pretty lively. The music was good and not excessively loud. I had a bottle of rauchbier (smoked beer) from Germany, haven't seen that in a while. It's a bit of an acquired taste, but if you HAVE acquired it there's no substitute. The Anchor Brewery Porter (USA) suggested by the barman was a great follow-up. Prices were sensible. They also had nice looking sausages, but by that stage of the evening I was past eating. I'll be visiting again when next in Edinburgh.
4	If you truly like beer and have no pretensions about the frills a bar "should" also have, then this is the place for you. Simple as. Apparently it gets busy so you may need some patience. Or you could get there early.
4	Situated just half way up Lauriston Place, on the corner with Chalmers Street, the Brauhaus is a unique pub in Edinburgh. After hearing so much about it, I decided to visit this place with my mates a few months ago! Before you enter the pub, you are struck immediately by the steamy windows, if it is like that you can assume that this little pub is crowded! However, on the off chance that it isn't, this small pub has lots of charm inside. The bar is in the corner, it has bar stools, some high table, some low tables and a couple of very comfy couches. Every time I have been in this bar, it is always warm so it is ideal for those cold chilly evenings in Edinburgh! The staff, when I have been in, have always been very helpful and knowledgeable about the vast n and selection of international beers. This is the place to try those blond Belgian and German beers that you have always stared at but never tried! I am a fan of Blond beers, but for those of you who don't then don't fret, American lagers are on offer! A great bar all round, and if you're a novice when it comes to drinking foreign beers then you can get a variety of five different bottled beers for a round ten to fifteen pounds.
5	I have a confession to make: I have never ever left this bar sober. I challenge you. Go in. Ogle the mile-long beer list and try, just try, to leave sober. It's not gonna happen. Not in a million years. I'm assuming all ye who end up reading this have as little self-control as I do. It's a comforting thought that there're others like me out there.The Brauhaus has been open for about two years now. Here's a tip if you're wanting to take up my challenge. Go early. If you don't go early, you will not get a seat. It's a teensy bar. And that, I believe is my only objection. Unless I get there at around 7, I have to stand. If I get there at 7, I can't stand by 9. Their strongest beer there is about the percentage of wine. It's on the pricier side of the beer spectrum and tastes a bit like demerrara sugar syrup. And looks a bit like tar. My friend was a fan of that beer and was very generous, so he'd buy me a couple of pints and then point and laugh as I rolled around the floor drunk. The Brauhaus specialises in beer, so don't go there to drink anything else. Their menu is organised by country. How cool is that?Here's another challenge: take your time, become a regular, work your way through the menu. There are hundreds upon hundreds of beers. Do you think you can do it? Well, you won't know until you get there, so get on it, folks!
4	You might think from the number of bars and pubs I have and will review I am somewhat of an aficionado. I'm not. I don't drink much at all and if there is a choice of activities with friends, I will often choose not go to the pub. So let me say that not only do I like Brauhaus from my professional, perfectly objective yelpy point of view, but also from a personal point of view. Even I enjoyed looking at through their lists of well travelled beers.The Brauhaus is fairly new bar situated off from Tollcross not very far from anywhere. It is a specialist in beers from all over the world and possibly beyond. If you're a beer fan you might just fall in love with this place. If not then you might just want to take advantage of their comfy seating.It's quite cosy inside, small but welcoming. As has been previously advised, it can be a wee bit crowded, so it's best to go early, especially if you're in a group.A great bear specialist bar in the centre of town. Perfect for beer enthusiasts and just fine for everyone else too (unless you don't like fun).
5	The Brauhaus might just be one of the best pubs in Edinburgh.It's tucked away, and just off the beaten track enough for it to be an absolute treat when you discover it. It's small and its decor is a mixture between a traditional pub and a hip contemporary watering hole.It's fairly small inside, and although the window seating area is comfy with an array of cushions scattered around, it's still hard to get a seat after about 8pm or so. If you've travelled this far to get here however I would argue that it is worth standing for the drink, since they house over 250 beers from around the world! Their menu is categorized by country, and you can hope to try anything from the alluring, brooding darkness of Duvel to beer with a bit of a kick and more percentage!It can get crowded, but it's never in an unpleasant way. It's a very cultured bar with a good atmosphere that I would recommend you visit once during your time in Edinburgh. I have a mission that one day I will try all these beers - this bar at least lets me fulfill my life's ambition without having to leave the country!
4	I've walked past this place more times than I could count but it's always packed and as someone who enjoys a seat when they drink I've never got round to going in.Today I finally made it in, got a seat and decided that yes, it does deserve the hype!The bar staff are lovely, I sat at the bar while I waited for a friend and had a good chat about the various beers they have on offer. Usually I'd feel a little silly sitting at a bar alone but it seems like the kind of place you can do that without feeling self conscious. After browsing the 10 page menu of beers I stuck to my heritage and went for a Belgian beer and was pleasantly surprised when they had the right glass for it...it's the simple things in life eh?!
5	The Brauhaus is a great addition to the pubs in Edinburgh. Unlike most of the others it does not limit itself to only Tennents (bloody Tennents, it tastes like cat piss) and a selection of Grolsch / Stella / Heineken etc. This is a bar with an actual good range of beers, in fact Peroni is probably the most mainstream you will get. Taking a seat in the small bar, best in the afternoon or early evening if you can drink then as it gets pretty busy in the evening, you can either go up to the bar and gamble on one of the many interesting looking bottles or have a look through the menu.I am always impressed by a place that has a menu for beers, and the selection here does not disappoint. There are hundreds of different beers, split into country and with each one a description of the beer and its percentage. The last time I went the strongest was about 14/15% but they are planning on bringing in the Tactical Nuclear Penguin which is something stupid, like 42% or similar. A nice little quirk of this pub is that when you order an obscure beer, they normally have the glass for it which just makes the experience a little bit more pleasurable. The prices vary, it is not massively cheap generally, but you pay a bit more to be able to drink beers that you would not be able to anywhere else.The staff are great and will help you out with your choice, warning me and a friend off the chilli beer which we tried anyway and nearly had our heads blown off. Should have listened to them.
4	If you like Belgian style pubs (or what I imagine a Belgian style pub to look like) then the Brauhaus is for you!The people who work here are lovely and there is something so appealing when the windows of this establishment are all steamed up, and it's freezing outside and you look inside to this cosy place.The beer selection is overwhelming, but if beer is not your drink of preference fear not! There are other options on the menu as well.As appealing as it may sound the chocolate flavoured beer is just plain weird.To sum up, a lovely place, and a great pub in the area for a chilled out drink.
4	*Following my comments on the beer thread, here's my review*I totally dig Brauhaus.  It's not cheap, mind you, but they more beers than I thought existed in the world.  They literally have a menu of beers to choose from.  You know when you go to a really fancy restaurant and get a separate menu for wine?  It's like that.  They also have German snacks like soft pretzels, sausages, and tasty bread filled with cheese- perfect for soaking up the copious amounts of beer you will be tempted to consume here.  Plus the seating is comfortable.  Well, "comfortable" might not be the right word, there are comfy couches which are great if you're with just one other person but not ideal if you are trying to speak with someone across from you.  They also have the heaviest stumps in the world to sit on, so don't even think about attempting to move one unless you are strong.  Very strong.  This is a really great place to come during the week or an early weekend day but I would try to stay away for the Friday after work and Saturday evening rush because it's really just not set up for crowds.  The bartenders often have to grab your random beer order from downstairs, and when they have it in hand, the pour into the individually tailored glasses with great care.  The best part is that they get in Oktoberfest beers on tap in the Autumn, which is quite a treat!
4	Truly a lovely place to enjoy German/other beers, and socialise.  The pub is equipped with a Stammtisch and is frequented by locals, students, and tourists.  It is rather cramped and one should get there early to secure a table, chair if you are going on a busy party night (Fri/Sat).  Very nice place.
3	A decent place for a decent beer. Loads of choice although they do tend to have run out of my first second and third choice beers every time I'm there! However not to worry there are loads of other beers I will happily sup. I do have a few issues with the interior. Seating is badly designed with huge tables and big sofas. Great for a lazy afternoon. A disaster if you are there and it's busy or if you have a larger group. I think it would do well to have a more brauhaus/beer hall bench like set up. Also the TV's constantly showing football is a massive turn off for me but luckily the screens were hidden where I was sitting so I didnt have to suffer from constant distraction by flickering green lights! Beers are great and they now do pretzels and sausages in fine German tradition. Service is slow but friendly. All in all a great place for an enjoyable night out - especially when it's cold out!
4	I enjoy a good beer. I also enjoy trying something different. Brauhaus is thus ideal: the staff, knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. There is a beer menu for bottled beers (and draft wheat beer) from around the world - many not seen anywhere else. They stock unusual spirits, these folk get some interesting alcohols in.And yet the layout is ill planned... This is a small bar with big furniture limiting the space considerably. Then there are the loos... While the bar may have been refurbished these have not.How you feel about this place depends on your priorities, I can accept some flaws if the service and the drinks are good, I just wish the furniture was more practical and the loos spruced up a bit. I see Brauhaus as more a guilty pleasure not reaching its full potential but make no mistake overall I am a fan.
4	I've spent so much money here when I first came to Edinburgh!! It's any beer lovers paradise! With a giant beer menu, claiming to have over 200 different choices, this place is perfect for trying new brews. Sorted by country, you can choose beers from all over the world, even from where I live, Canada! If that's not cool enough, generally the chosen beer comes in it's own glass. So expect receiving anything from a slim tall pint glass to a gold rimmed goblet.If that's too difficult, you can decide to buy a 'beer bucket' which is an assortment of different beers for you to try! Perfect for the indecisive person I am!The long list of Belgian fruit beers is very impressive too, which is perfect for girls who come along who don't really like beer! So far I haven't met any girl who doesn't like fruli or a kriek as a replacement for a beer! The only downside to this place is the lack of TLC being given to the building. Its got old sofas, tiles off the floor, and not that great of bathrooms. Also, its always cold!! If they spent a little money just cleaning it up a little, it would be so much nicer!Come earlier than later, as it does tend to pack up after work time.
3	When this place opened in 2008, I would have given five stars easily. Best selection of foreign beer in town, and good rock music in the background. Where else in Edinburgh could I find so many Belgian beers, beers I grew accustomed to being a young adult in Northern France?Now in 2012 there's a few reasons why I don't rate this place that high anymore:- It's tiny. And successful. Avoid afterworks and evenings on Thursdays and Fridays and weekends, it's really cramped and seats are impossible to get.- Since 2010, the place has been showing football game after football game, most of the time. Bye bye music, now time for more and more footy. Not everybody's cuppa.- Since 2011, the place is officially a Hearts' fan place. Fair enough. I just don't care for football and lost the interest.A nice concept which slowly started catering for a different audience as originally intended. Would really gain a lot if it went back to basics, or if some competition offered the same beers without the constant football.Anyone interested?
5	We're all f**king not friends anymore. Seriously? No seriously though... why has NO ONE taken me here before? I'm genuinely befuddled as to why no one has told me that THEY HAVE A HUNDRED DIFFERENT KINDS OF BEER. The confusion is made more confusing by the fact that no one mentioned they have LEATHER FRIGGING COUCHES. And even more mystified by everyone keeping the secret that THE MEN THAT HANG OUT THERE DO SO IN FLANNEL SHIRTS SITTING ON SAID COUCHES. Oh, and further perplexed by THE THREE, count them, THREE types of BROOKLYN LAGER THEY CARRY (in addition to about NINETY SEVEN OTHER BEERS) that no one has bothered to tell me about. Yea, so friends, you're going to need to borrow my diary so you "get me" a little better. Seriously, I'm friends with like, 4000 people who Yelp loudly and Yelp often and NO ONE has even mentioned this place. I hate to say this, but epic failure yelp community, and full on five star success Brauhaus. Kerrin N. You've been served, this one was your call.
2	Brauhaus, you have the best range of foreign beers but sadly this obsession with showing football all the time spoils it all.  Your seating layout is pretty rubbish too.I will thus keep buying your awesome beers in your sister's shop Nina's round the corner where I always get good banter anyway.
4	This place should totally sell the Smooth Hoperator (It is a real beer folks!)........... because it is amazing!!!It is kinda out of the way a little, I had not a scooby where I was going I was just following my beer nose and thankfully we ended up here.The selection of beer, as I am sure you have guessed, is endless. I was like a small child in a sweetie shop. Reading the selection of bottled beer and ooohhhh-ing and aaahhhh-ing..... I may have let out the occasional squeal too! The music was motown and I was in my element. Staff are fab. Banter was flowing.I shall return........ before I leave...... and with all that amazing beer....... it could get messy.
4	Probably one of the best places in Edinburgh for a wide selection of beers.  To say their menu of beers is extensive is an understatement.  They probably have most of the bottled beers that are available in the city.  Which is impressive.  And, all beers are poured lovingly into the proper glassware.Yes, it does get crowded after work and on weekend evenings.  It is indeed rather small.  There is an easy solution to this: my favorite thing to do was to go here on a lazy Saturday or Sunday afternoon.  This allows you to relax on the couches, enjoy a couple of pints, and chat with the staff without feeling overcrowded.Final note: they often have Weihenstephan hefeweizen on tap, which is greatness, especially on one of those rare Edinburgh sunny days.
3	Large beer selection...A small seating area...Service was spotty.
3	If you like beer and you like football, this pub is definitely for you. If you don't like either, you more than likely won't enjoy the Brauhaus!An epic beer menu that defies the wallet and drinking capacity of more hardened drinkers than I but part of the reason I keep going back is so i can try something new again and again.There's almost always some football game on the box, from leagues and countries I've never watched before so another opportunity to expand those horizons!Like others suggested, it doesn't take much for the pub to fill up, so if you happen to wander in while the Edinburgh Dortmund or St Pauli Supporters club are holding court, it will be cosy! The only other downside is the men's bog was the inspiration for the toilet scene in Trainspotting, its functional but if you drop anything in there you may as well leave it behind!
4	Deceptively cool, as remembered. Upon walking in, the louder than normal music greets ears whilst fringing a choice of foreign or local beers. I went local, having spent the previous month at Heriot Watt working silly Sue I felt honoured to acknowledge an Origin beer created by competition winner students. Who knew there was such an evolving student led idea... Jay Z and Fat Boy Slim helped my view on this Monday evening elevate to the 90's (I think) and they performed to deliver a smile on faces, ideal for kids of the 80's. The man with the plan at the bar helped my choice and was abundant with ale knowledge when prompted. Clearly this local house receives friendly banter and is welcoming. Sinking on the sofa and soaking in the music whilst extending personal knowledge on 'hoppiness' is the way it rolls here, ideally propped with friends of course.
4	Visited about 5:00 on a Tuesday afternoon during Fringe. I was the only customer in the place for awhile, then a group of about five came in and settled in big armchairs around a low table. Huge selection of beers from all over the world. I came in search of Leffe, which a friend had told me I simply had to try sometime. Turns out they had four on the menu, so I picked one more or less at random. It came with a Leffe glass - I was impressed. The place has a coffeehouse feel to it, with a few tables, plus big armchairs and coffee tables. Other people have commented about the TV's showing soccer all the time. That was happening when I was there, but the sound was off, so it was not a problem. I imagine the place would not handle crowds well, but it was really pleasant when I was there. Definitely worth a visit for the beer selection, but it's probably a good idea to go early.
2	Brauhaus - Now under new management. Well let's have a looksee.It's still small, the male loos are still old and manky and the look of the place is still cluttered and a bit tatty (DIY beer label wallpaper crumbling of the walls, sun-bleached beer bottles on display out front, etc.). But there's still an array of beer and friendly staff right? Well, most of the staff is still there...So what has changed? Well the incessant playing of game after game after game of football on the televisions has gone. As have the scruffy (and given the size of the room, totally impractical) couches. Big tree stumps for stools? Gone too which means more room. In their place are some simple wooden tables and chairs. All improvements in my book!And to the negatives. The football has been replaced by smooth 70's easy listening music. (Well at least when I've been in it has.) Let's be honest, NOTHING kills atmosphere in a bar like smooth 70's easy listening music. Worse still, the range of beers on offer has plummeted. Hefty menu book replaced by two sides of A4. Don't get me wrong now, it's still a sizable list but Brauhaus bills itself in having "The largest range of beers in the country". Quite a few of my of faves are gone. Oh, and the prices have gone up. Not good when the place wasn't cheap to begin with.I think the new management has bungled the opportunity to turn this place into something special. Why not shut doors for a couple of weeks, really spruce the place up, fling open the doors and yell "We're back AND we're better!!" With regret, I say this has not been the case and at least in the short-term, things have gone backwards.Plenty of other pubs in Tollcross and might I add, a couple of them sell some very tasty beers. I'll be spending my pennies elsewhere.
2	Good beers, but... they're way too expensive for me, and the clientele seems a bit too posh and hipster-ish, which makes it a bit unpleasant to be in. It's always ridiculously busy, too.
4	During a recent trip to Edinburgh, my boyfriend and I were looking for a wee pub to have a pint in and, as we were staying at the Premier Inn at Lauriston Place, a short wander round the corner led us to this place. At first I was worried we wouldn't get a seat, as Brauhaus is a cosy and crowded wee corner, but it turned out to be deceptively spacious with plenty of seats. For such a small-seeming pub, they have an impressive selection of beer, whether it's speciality or standard you're after. While I swithered over which beer to choose, he ordered a pint of Erdinger and the bar man gave me a generous sample as I cluelessly asked for 'something light, smooth and not too beery'. I can't remember what the name of the beer was, but I approved and promptly ordered myself a pint of it.We sat ourselves down at one of their big wooden tables, on country kitchen chairs, while some nice punters shuffled over to make room for us. The walls were decorated with beer labels and the music playing took me back to my teenage student days of gig-going and cider-and-blackcurrant-drinking.I really enjoyed my visit to Brauhaus, as the bar and its man were warm and welcoming and it's the ideal place for a cosy pint.
4	My boyfriend and I found Brauhaus by accident as we were walking back to our hotel in Bruntsfield. At first it felt like we were walking into someone's front room with its slightly chintzy tables, chairs and cushions, but how many people do you know whose front room stocks 200-odd beers from all over the globe? Aye, not many!Despite the fact the power went out just after we arrived, the staff cooed really well, keeping everyone topped up with drinks and banter til everything came back on again. Beers remained cold, staff kept the music going and kept a great atmosphere throughout :) A great wee find and I'll need to find my way back again so I can work my way through all those tasty beers!
1	Beer selection criticised by three troglodytes at the bar.  All encouraged by (female, spectacled, simple) bar staff.  Appears to have went significantly downhill since change of ownership.  Terrible staff, poisonous clientele - I would recommend avoiding.
