5	The lamb chops are excellent, and the prices are reasonable. They have a piano, and the old man on the red piano is a nice touch.
5	Try the filet mignon medallions... Delicious and the bartenders are great!!! Great food and incredible drink prices. The filet mignon medallions are fantastic and the mushrooms that come with are wonderful. Try the potato skinss out too, or the calamari, which was just right. Must try this place especially for happy hour... It blows all the other nearby restaurants out of the water, both price and quality-wise.
5	Do yourself a favor and visit Mr. B's! We were at a convention and were invited to come. They opened couple days ago, but this place is a well oiled machine! The entire staff was extremely attentive. Heck, the owner came over and personally thank us for stopping at his new restaurant! Their Ice tea was great! (not that BS "passion tea") Presentation of food is amazing. Bread was perfect as well as our food!  I ordered fettuccine alla bolognese and it was great! Cannot wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas. *also they had a gelato bar that I wish I had tried but I was extremely satisfied already*
4	Mr B's Ristornate And Piano Lounge Brings Back A little Bit Of Old Vegas With A New Twist.It is no secret to anyone that Las Vegas has become a culinary center.  Celebrity Chefs have set up shop over the last 10 years and there are still more to come.  In a simpler time,  Las Vegas was the home to dinner clubs and piano bars featuring delicious simple dishes and cocktails with a single "piano man" playing into the early morning hours.A little bit of those times has returned and can be found at Mr B's Ristorante and Piano Lounge on Paradise and Spring Mountain Road. Walking in the door, a single red grand piano caught our eye, a centerpiece that begged us to come in and enjoy the evening.The menu was simple and very Italian. Looking over the wine list we settled on a Chanti Classico and settled back in our seats.AntipastoAntipasto was our first course featuring smoked salmon, red olives, salami and other Sardinian delights.  A  very fresh Minestrone  was up next and was probably the best we have had in a long time.  In fact, we would come back just for these first two dishes alone.MinestroneLooking over the menu a Chicken Parmesan stood out and soon  arrived table side.  The dish was so tender our server Eric cut it with a spoon to our delight.  The tender Chicken and creamy Parmesan melted in our mouths and left us talking about the dish for days. Chicken ParmesanBeing a Piano bar we had to indulge in the ambiance and go back in time.  Gazing around the bar while enjoying a classic Martini from Bar Manager Mike we recognized a few legends of old Vegas, most likely from the nearby Turnberry Towers.  The seemed to be remembering how it was and enjoying a night that surely brought back memories.  We felt like we were in an old movie and  were Bogart and Bacall as "Sam" at the Red Grand Piano played "As time goes by". With all of the "Gin Joints" in Las Vegas we will definitely walk into this one again.  Mr B's is open for Lunch and Dinner , has a happy hour and is open until very late . What more could you ask for?
4	Pricey yes, good yes, be back yes, #LasVegas
1	Great intent for Paradise -- I actually thought we were going to a plush piano bar sort of place with fine Italian food.  Actually I had no idea they served Italian food because their sign says "bar and grill".    "You are in for a treat" says all the staff, which helps me temporarily get past the skating rink concession looking area dining room.  Marble floors, a disturbing (buzzing) fluorescent  gelato display, ceiling that changes neon color every five seconds and sports bar smack in the middle of the restaurant.  No music, just a red piano on the opposite side of the dining room that sort of looks like it came from The Mad Greek (mural and all).  To be fair we ordered a little bit of everything off the menu.  The brick oven pizza was very basic -- and I would have never guessed they used a brick oven.  The "gravy" (sauce) wasn't very tasty - acidic and the crust was very dry.  Never in my life have I eaten basil and not tasted it -- no flavor basil on everything.  Caprese salad was ruined with loads of salt. We left our plates half eaten and didn't get to-go boxes or desserts.  As a sicilian originally from the east coast this restaurant falls short  for their big prices.  The concept is fantastic but the name, logo, food, atmosphere and interior need to change to bring us back.  The icing on the cake was the staff forcing 10% coupons "to give to our friends".  We declined.
5	I was there Saturday February 18th,2012 for a Birthday Party. What a Great night!The food is abosolutely delicious. The Fettuccini Alfredo is the Best! the Ambience is wonderful,LIve Band that had a great range of songs, and the Staff was very attentive to our Parties Needs. they can definitely handle large Dinner parties,ours was a 10 person party, but we also noticed other large parties in the restaurant. Close enough to the "Strip" for out of town DIners, yet a Great place for "Locals" to call their own.Would definitely dine there again.
4	This place opened up in early March 2012. They had a grand opening and had a lot of people we're there, the restaurant was very generous with the alcohol pours and free pizza and pasta during the opening,, I could see that everyone there including me had a grand time at the opening event.I went back there on March 18th Sunday evening,, the restaurant was not that busy. Mr. B personally stopped by at each  table making sure everyone was having a good time. We ordered a vegan pizza as well as a vegan pasta dish. The restaurant was very accommodative to our needs, the wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive,The wine list was good. We will definitely make it back to Mr.B sometime soon. It is in a great location, very close to the LV Strip  and the LV convention center.
5	Loved everything about this hidden treasure! Rosemary took the time to stuff a large olive with blue cheese for a perfectly prepared vodka martini. The outside seating with the fire pit in the center of the tables is a great idea. The crab stuffed portabello mushrooms was delicious! Unbelievable pizza! Loved the entertainment at the piano bar!
3	I really like this place.  I would probably give it 4 stars if the loud music hadn't killed the atmosphere.  Went for drinks on the patio late evening and the martini was excellent.  I don't remember the name but it had something to do with a Charlie Sheen reference so, yeah, it was strong.  We didn't order food on this occasion, just enjoyed the drinks and the complimentary bread basket at a table with fire pit and nice conversation until a DJ set up and starting playing club music.  Now, I don't mind background music but it just didn't fit the theme of the restaurant and having to yell to communicate is a mood killer.
5	nice patio - good food
3	We went in for dinner after seeing that there was a new restaurant at this location. The building used to be Z-Tejas, to us old locals.The staff at Mr B's was great and friendly. I can't remember the last time I was asked so many times if everything was okay and needed anything. They had live music and a nice bar area and outdoor patio. The food was a little on the low side however. We ordered Veal with Spinach and Seafood Linguine. The food was very bland with almost no taste. The veal dish also had potatoes which were supposed to have garlic, nothing. We had to add salt ourselves just to taste it. The linguine dish was supposed to have a bite to it, nothing. The dishes looked great but lost the taste test. We will probably give the place another chance, as they have only opened recently and have a pizza oven that's open until 4 am but will not go out of the way to do it. Oh, desserts and cappuccino were tasty. Thus, only 3 stars.
1	This review is not for the food.  Have no idea what's good or bad here.  We walked in to a celebration of the passing of Obamacare party to be asked if we are democrat or republican.  My husband asked why and they told us about the celebration so we asked to be seated far away.  The service was very good and we ordered our food.  Then a person stepped up to the microphone to speak about Obama, Obamacare, etc.  Bad enough but then another person got up to speak and started to talk about the real reason people fought Obamacare was all about racism!!!  My husband and I are against Obamacare and are unenrolled.  WE are not racists and feel that they should have closed the restaurant for a private party.  Out of respect for all the patrons, this should not have been allowed.  The owner was not present but they thanked Mr. B for the opportunity to have their celebration there.  To us, this was very disrepectul and should not have been allowed.  A celebration at the bar was one thing but NO WAY should speeches like this have been allowed while the restaurant was opened to the public.  SO republicans be aware that you are not respected at this establshment.
