3	Maybe I arrived a little too late, but the service here was so-so.  I probably could have left without paying (but didn't).  The apple tea was okay and the desserts were tasty - but the prices were a little high (maybe because it's still in the tourist zone of medieval Edinburgh).
4	I personally really like Cafe Truva. Perhaps because I am big fan of apple tea and finding somewhere inexpensive where its readily available is a rare find.Cafe Truva is a Turkish cafe located at the bottom end of the Royal Mile, the slightly less tourist exploited end. It isn't the cheapest cafe, but its not bad, especially by Royal Mile standards.I've been several a times and each time the staff have been very welcoming and accommodating. Apart from tea and pastry (which is lovely), breakfast at cafe Truva is also a surprising treat (served all day).A potential tourist trap, Cafe Truva turns out to be much more, selling decent Turkish meals and snacks, good coffee, and all importantly apple tea.
5	I'm surprised Cafe Truva hasn't been reviewed more and I'm disappointed by the low scores as I thought it was amazing! It's located at the bottom of the Royal Mile and like most cafes in the area, is always choc-a-block. Like most cafes on the Royal Mile, I had my reservations when I sat down for a cup of apple tea wondering if it was just an overpriced tourist trap cafe with no substance. When I saw their HUGE selection of tasty cakes all was forgiven and I spent ages deciding what cake to go for. As it is a Turkish cafe, Cafe Truva has an excellent selection of Turkish foods and teas and as I looked around at other patrons I could see that there wasn't one thing on the menu that I wouldn't have liked. I devoured my large slice of chocolate cake in mere minutes and sipped my apple tea whilst doing a spot of people watching.Overall, this is an excellent cafe. It may be busy all the time, but I guess that says something in itself. Once you've had a slice of cake from here, you'll be going back time and time again for more.
3	Lovely, quaint little Turkish coffee shop which offers a lot of nice goodies.  Very relaxed, a wonderful place to sit and soak up the atmosphere.
3	The chain of Cafe Truva's are fast becoming a hit with me. Armed with a craving for cake, we marched through the crowds (even on such a rain drenched Sunday) wandering the Royal Mile watching Fringe groups tout their trade to find a coffee shop that would sate my need. Cafe after cafe we wandered until we hit Cafe Truva which had a nice looking array of choice. We plumped for two coffees, a slice of cherry and custard cake as well as a slice of apple and caramel tart. Both were super sweet. The cheery bit through the very custardy custard, while the caramel was the main star of the tart with strong support by the apple (could have been more apple though). The coffee helped clean up all that sugar. Here, the service is very friendly and it was only when I paid (fifteen quid for the above) did I make the connection with the cafe in Leith. Turns out there is another at Tollcross (I think) which our waiter rated pretty highly. Seeing that I have been to two now, it would only be fair to visit the third, just, well, you know, because. It's a hard life, I tell you, but I'll do it, if only for the sake of Yelp.
4	A cheerful alternative to the corporate face of Starbucks. I love their coffee, the staff are always friendly and the wooden furniture inside has a rustic charm. Great for a light lunch or snack stop when on the Mile.
1	I went in to Cafe Truva to buy a box of chocolates - which they have nicely arranged at their front counter - as a gift. I've never reviewed anything before, but felt I had to in this case.The man who served me was quite rude, and said a couple of times that I should be quick as he was busy - even though I'd only asked how much a small box was. He then suggested I get an already made up box, which I wasn't keen to do as they were quite dusty - but he was quite pushy so I did so.When I took them out the bag half an hour later I realised that the box lid had been stuck down with a sticker that had then been torn open and stuck back down and that the bottom of the box was scuffed with paper ripped off and 2 of the corners were bashed in - it looked like I'd had it in my flat for about 3 months after opening it up and deciding I didn't like the contents, and so was impossible to give as a gift. It's a shame as the chocolates looked very nice and high quality.The Chocolate Tree in Bruntsfield and Luca in Morningside are both brilliant chocolate shops and cafes I'd highly recommend, with very friendly service.
4	Well Worth Stopping Here.We enjoyed a great meal here.  The food was well prepared and the house wine tasty.  The desserts were incredible!  Best dessert selection we have seen in ages. Cappuccinos very nice as well.  We definitely recommend. We thought pricing was fair.
1	I spent 5 pounds to bought a cheesecake and tiramisu, the tiramisu is sooooo sweet taste, and the cheesecake can not take any cheese flavor, the cake it's so hard not soft at all.. be honest, these two cakes is the worst cake I had so far. just ate little bit, then I throw it away.. : (
3	Lovely little Turkish restaurant/cafe on the Royal Mile worth checking out if you fancy something different. The staff are very polite and attentive.I couldn't quite work out if the place was a restaurant or a cafe, looking around I was noticing some people sitting down to a dinner with a glass of wine and others were simply drinking coffee and chatting. This I found a little strange but maybe this is the feel the owners are going for.I had the soup and lamb moussaka lasagne and my fiancee had the Kofte Gratin, all were very well cooked, not too salty and were delivered well on the plate, you even got a little dolma on your plate which I have been missing since my last time in Turkey almost 2 years ago. After dinner we had a look at their cakes which take up a large portion of their front counter. Everything from Carrot cake to tiramisu and all of them looked beautiful.The decor of the place was very 1990's Scottish cafe. Woodwork that was in need of a little varnish, carpets that had a design that Pink Floyd couldn't create at their most "creative" and couches that had almost the same design as the carpet that hadn't been touched up in quite a long time.Overall we had a very nice and enjoyable night and would recommend people to try here if you are at this end of the Royal Mile and fancy something different for dinner.
3	We got a groupon for dinner here. I don't know if I would every really be looking for a place to eat in that area, but I imagine a large amount of tourist pop through there. It was good  and well priced for a groupon get got a main, chicken shish and a glass of wine. It had more of a quick stop in cafe feel about it and it closed earlier then it said on yelp... but might have just been that night. The people that worked there were really friendly and nice. They have a large selection of cakes and turkish treats which look delicious. We had a slice of chocolate orange cake which was once again good but nothing I'd order again.
