5	Okay so we just got back from the mob attraction . We got out tickets for  the attraction from 1/2 price tickets and paid $21.00 per ticket.  The attraction wasn't what we expected but was so much fun ! It was neat going into the little areas and having the interation with the actors ! They are great actors ! You move from room to room and see the history of mobsters and las Vegas ! It's the perfect start for our " old las Vegas style day" we are going to dinner tonight at Capos. I will write a review about that later. I don't think that this attraction would be good for  younger kids as it might frighten them ( there are dark rooms and gun fires ) but overall it was fun ! Def check it out , I would have only got tickets from 1/2 price Tix though .
4	Very cool. Take the time to read about the mobsters. Some parts boring but interactivity is good. Someone needs to check that all things work properly. There are some duplicate boards.The movie is good but doesn't really belong with the theme. Hollywood had no impact on Vegas so doesn't really belong. Consider replacing with Frank Sinatra and his role, as well as other big name stars. Only you the visitor can determine how fun you want to make it when interacting with mobsters and police. Don't be afraid to go outside the norm. Maybe you want to be a model citizen? Maybe you want to be a mobster? Only you can determine your fate at the end. Overall this was a fun experience and worth going to. Really appreciate the military discount.
5	This was so awesome! I love every second of this attraction. The interactivity is great and everyone stays in character.. it's so cool. Your fate at the end depends on the decisions you make when you interact with the mobsters and police. (We were made!) Not all of it is interacting.. there's also a lot of areas where you can read about mobsters and see some artifacts. I want to go back!
5	Very fun! Plan to spend a couple of hours in here but totally worth the price! Won't spoil the attraction but I have to say the hard work that was put into this shows!! Am definitely going again the next time I am in Vegas!
4	Got a Groupon for this and am glad I did. We enjoyed ourselves. It was fun to be interactive within the attraction and appreciated the acting. The staff work hard to put on a good show.I don't think I would necessarily go again if I didn't have some type of coupon though.
5	Awesome interactive experience and museum.  You will learn something about the beginnings of Vegas and the mobs alleged influence.  HIGHLY recommend!
3	Boyfriend and I had Groupons, so we headed over to see if we could have some fun. It was definitely interesting and extremely well put together. The staff was totally in character and the decor was flawless. It was definitely a blast to interact with the mobsters and the cops! I think I would have been disappointed if we had paid full price, but it was well worth the Groupon price. Next stop, Mob Museum!
5	This attraction was SO FUN and informative!There are lots of coupons in and around the hotel, so make sure to grab a few.  The first part of the attraction is an interactive part where you are asked to do things for the mob.  You have tasks, and you have to answer to the police, and you even see your mugshot posted in the police station.  The actors are really good, and they take it seriously.  Be prepared to think on your feet!After this, you are taken to a museum that is organized by members of the mob.  It was extremely informative, and they had a lot of need artifacts to look at.  We learned a lot.At the very end, you're taken to see "the boss," and to learn your fate.  We made it into the family!  this was due to my husband being pretty awesome and clever with his answers.  Be warned: another option is for the boss's cronies to shoot you with machine guns with air blasted out of the walls!  In our scenario, the cronies shot at people behind us to protect us, so we still got to experience the shooting effects.  Very scary!At the end, you're offered pictures, and we actually ended up buying them because of how cute/inexpensive they were (we don't usually do this).  Overall extremely awesome experience!
5	I took my little sister to this and had no idea what to expect. Being a life long Vegas local, I've always had an interest in the mob and it's history, so I figured I'd give it a try.  I don't want to give it all away by telling you what happens, but all I'm going to say is it started out cool and just kept getting better and better. This was a truly fun (and interactive) way to learn about an interesting part of American and Vegas history.
4	I didn't know what to expect when we were headed to this.  I was excited and looking forward to coming here our whole trip.  I did have two Groupons that basically made this B1G1F, which was a really good deal.  We looked at the really cool fish tank they have there and we saw it on the TLC fish tank show.  It is something you must see even if you're not going to check out the mob attraction.  It's outside of the ticket area.We showed up and were greeted by ticket staff and they were very friendly.  We took some funny pictures and we started our journey.  This is very interactive with live actors which makes this so entertaining.  You get to see everyone from a police officer, to the head mob boss, to his henchmen. (I don't want to really give anything away)  But in the end, we were welcomed to the family. :)There is also a measum part in the middle of the attraction.  There's this really cool computer that shows Vegas from the 20s-2007.  You can see the different hotels throughout the timeline, which ones have been around since say the 50s, which ones that have came and gone and that the Flamingo is the only one that's been around for literally forever.  There are tons of facts about the mobsters, the personal belongings and various other things.We decided to buy two of our pictures because it was very reasonably priced.  I believe it was $23 with tax for two of them.  My bf also bought a shot glass for $5.  Not too shabby.You can spend anywhere from an hour to three hours checking things out.  We were here for about 1 hour 45 minutes.  There are coupons being handed out all the time, you can check to see if there's a yelp deal or check out Groupon once in a while also.
4	Went to Tropicana to see this over the stormy weekend.  Had no idea what to expect, but loved it.  Good sets and actors, great reading and films.  Would recommend to all my visitors.
5	we came on a wednesday evening. we got our tickets from groupon. 1 ticket was $14.- interactive! you start off getting your passport at ellis island and on your journey to vegas trying to get the approval from big tony! tip: you don't know big tony. you learn the ways of the mob as you proceed. i don't want to ruin it, bc the surprise is most of the fun!- whack or get whacked. :) - lots of picture opportunities! with mobsters, money, ladies, guns, everything!- the documentary about the godfather was so long! lol. we probably spent more time watching how it all got started than how the mob fell out of vegas!- you probably won't get to read and see everything. you can literally spend the whole day here. definitely blow up all the hotels b4 you leave.
4	Came on a complimentary invite since my girlfriend is interning with MGM.I wouldn't have mind to have paid for this kind of experience.So I came here on some kind of anticipation that I will be coming to some kind of museum or show that depicts what a mob/mafia does for a living. But it was far more than what I had expected.Not only does this attraction display and entail the importance that the mob had in the ancestrial roots of Las Vegas, but you actually get to interact and play the role of a mob member. I won't go further than that because I'd rather each future attendee to find out for themselves.Just remember to attend the complimentary reception before the even start time. Free drinks and some food. Also remember to check in on yelp for a free shot glass!
3	This admission for this place is $25 per person, so I recommend you get a Groupon or a coupon somewhere. We got in for $14 per person, so worth it at that price. It's pretty cool at first with all the real actors portraying their parts, and the movie sets are done really well. The actual museum part is a lot of reading!!! A few things here and there of some of the Mob men's clothing or personal items. It's overall fun the first time around, but I wouldn't do it again, and def not without some kind of deal or coupon.
4	Mob Attraction is legit. Kinda wierd in the beginning with the interaction with the live actors...but the payoff is the museum component which is awesome. Great displays and memorabilia. Ciao!
3	The Mob Attraction is A-OK. There are discount coupons basically everywhere so it is a nice, inexpensive way to kill some of your afternoon before you gamble and drink your way into oblivion.The first half is a live, interactive event where actors communicate with you and cause various mob-things to happen. I liked it but I felt like the weaknesses were in the sets. Some of the rooms(such as the "money counting room") were very sparsely decorated. This removes the observer from the scene and reminds them that they are just in a series of walled off corridors in the Tropicana basement. In a place like Vegas, where so much attention is placed on minute design details, it is disappointing to see an attraction fail to meet this mark. The second half of the attraction is the museum part, which is very, very cool. They have mob artifacts and some really interesting personal items from guys like Meyer Lansky and Bugsy. You can kill quite a bit of time reading all the articles and getting a feel for who these men were(when they weren't committing crimes).All in all, Mob Attraction is rough around the edges but I'm sure it'll steadily improve as more people go and respond to it.
3	My husband is a HUGE history buff so he was very excited about this.  Me, I was just meh.  Hubby really enjoyed it.  With my very short attention spam I was bored about half way through. but that was just me.  I dont think I would want to do it again but I would suggest it for someone who really enjoys history and that sort of thing.
4	As a huge mob enthusiast this attraction was a must for me. Unfortunately for me I got whacked. :-( I will be doing this again because there is so much mob memorabilia there I did not get to do through everything I wanted. It is a museum and an interactive game all in one and there is so much to see you could be there all day just in the museum part. My issue was it was so damn hot in there. Air conditioner people look it up. That is why we left the museum part after a couple of hours and moved on because we could not take it anymore. We were getting headaches from the heat! The interactive part is not as long. This was one of the most awesome things I have ever seen and done and I cannot wait to do it again. The actors did a good job and I had alot of fun with it. The museum had so much mob memorabilia and it was amazing. They had a movie playing about The Godfather and you learned so many facts about the making of it that you would never know. It was so cool. The cashier charged us the local price so we went in at a discounted price of $20 each instead of $33 each which was greatly appreciated. This experience is a must for you mob enthusiasts. Hell even if you're not if you want to see how Vegas was founded do this because you will find out. It is fun and informative at the same time. I have to deduct a star for the lack of AC in the museum area though. If you are going to have that much info to look at you need to keep people comfortable. Vegas is in the middle of the desert and it is hot enough there already outdoors. Do you really think you want to be dying of heat exhaustion indoors? FIX IT! I am not going to go into deep details about the actual game because I do not want to spoil anything for those who have not gone through the experience. Walking through the interactive portion and not knowing what is going to happen is part of the fun. Just have a good time!
4	My wife and I attended the Mob Experience at The Tropicana Hotel Casino last week while on vacation. My wife is a huge mob buff and we were looking forward to learning about the roots of Las Vegas's checkered history. We were given the "locals" discount by the young man at the counter which is always appreciated, but not necessary. The attraction starts out with live action actors playing the roles of mobsters, bootleggers, and 1920s police officers. ***See bottom for spoilers if you are interested.*** After the the live action portion, the Mob Attraction uses filmed sequences by noted Hollywood actors who played mobsters in movies to discuss how Las Vegas came to be, the mob's role, and how they made their "profits." Near the end, the attraction opens up into a HUGE museum of countless artifacts from Bugsy Seigel, Myer Lansky, Athony Spilotro, Frank Rosenthal, countless others. There was so much to see and read, I could have spent DAYS in there and still not seen everything! The only down side to the museum portion was that it was HOT! The entire attraction was well air conditioned, but the museum portion wasn't. Unfortunately, my wife and I had to cut our viewing short because we both became overheated and started feeling ill. As you move on past the exhibits, you are faced with "the boss," who decides based upon your performance during the live-action portion whether you are to be trusted and get to live, or get whacked. We got whacked unfortunately. Overall a great exhibit and I learned so much about the mafia and the mob.**********************CAUTION.... SPOILER ALERT..... DO NOT READ UNLESS YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO SURVIVE THE EXPEIRIENCE.*****************************When you start out into the live action portion of the experience, you meet with a bootlegger of illegal alcohol during prohibition era New York. He gives you a "package" to deliver to the local mob boss. The package is a nondescript letter sized envelope that isn't sealed. As you proceed down the alleyway on the mission, you will encounter a "made man" who asks you if you were given your "cut"... answer "no." If you say yes, they will assume you stole some money from the envelope as you were not to be paid yet. The "made man" will take you to the "boss" who is sitting in a outdoor cafe eating. He will ask some questions, mostly to size you up. Be honest, but serious. He will instruct you that if you should be stopped by the police, simply tell them you got lost after getting off the boat at Ellis Island and you stopped by the cafe to ask for directions. He also tells you that under no circumstances should you mention anything about the envelope. After you leave his side, a police officer will call you over. He is a cheeky fellow who will say most anything to provoke you into slipping up. He asks accusatory questions trying to get you to admit you had the envelope or met Big Tony (the boss). Now... some people might be tempted to smile or chuckle at his Irish accent or accusatory statements. Don't. In fact, forget that story Big Tony told you to say (because that admits you were even at the same place as Big Tony). Simply deny everything, tell him "I don't know what you're talking about." or "It wasn't me." More or less.... deny EVERYTHING. But don't laugh or talk too much. Be the strong silent type. Your behavior here and earlier is the basis the actors use to decided weather or not you live or get whacked. My wife and I were a little too "giggly" during the police interrogation and for that, we were whacked. Good luck!
4	Overall, the Mob Attraction was pretty awesome.  I really liked the interactivity in the beginning, but I really wish they had extended it more.  We couldn't help but want to go back and change up our routine to see what the outcome would have been. :)The museum portion was really amazing.  There was a ton of stuff to look at, from movies, to reading thru journals... very educational.
5	AWESOME!!!This was so much fun! Took my 6 year old & she did all the acting with the characters! They were so good to her! She  had a blast "Working for the mob!"I had the biggest smile on my face interacting with everyone!This will not disappoint you! If it does, your a stick in the mud! I know I'm a total nerd, but this is my favorite thing I've done in Vegas, both on my vacations & when I lived there!A MUST GO!Thank you Mob Attraction characters for your awesomeness! You all rock!
5	Myself and my kids (10 and 6) loved this place! We just wish the interative part could have gone on longer - that, of course, was the most enjoyable part for the kids. I would have loved to have hung out in the museum part for much longer as there was so much to take in - but, unfortunately, this was not to be with 2 kids tugging on my arm! There is a part where the kids have to lie to a policeman - and I liked that Big Tony asked me if it was okay for them to lie ( I guess some parents are against this part although to me it is just acting). Also there is a scene with a gun fight - I was also asked if this was okay for the kids. I said yes as I thought they would like the whole experience - which they did! And they were not traumatised! Really would recommend this attraction - the live actors were great!
3	I was really excited about the 5 star reviews...like REALLY excited. They made my expectations super high. It is a cute concept...I loved loved loved the interactive part but then it just kinda...fell flat. The information is great, the stories are great, and I can't believe they have so many original pieces. I just wish the interactive part kept going...It is definitely one of the better Vegas attractions but there is just something missing...If you do go, be sure to check-in on Yelp. There is a great Yelp deal that saved me $8 off my ticket and $8 off my boyfriend's (you have to gift it to the other person).
5	This is really a must do in Vegas... I'm a big mafia fan, but my wife isn't... and she had an absolute blast with the storyline, live actors, and how truly interactive everything was. This might be the biggest bang for your buck in Vegas these days.Be sure to use the Yelp discount or Tix 4 Tonight... there's no need to pay full price at the ticket office.
4	Lots of fun. The performers are able to adapt the spiel to make it personal, so that's fun. I had my small service dog with me and he got to be in the pictures and be a part of the action, which made him happy. And in the end we all got made! :D
3	When we went, which was apparently a really long time ago, it had just opened and was called 'The Mob Experience". Sorta hard to find if you do not know where you were going because there was no prominent signage back then.The experience, which I presume one still goes through even though it has been excluded from the name, is kinda silly. Actors seemed pretty dedicated to their craft; the fat Italian boss was fat and Italian-American and looked like what one would imagine a boss would look like.My favourite part of it all was when the experience ended and one exited to the artifacts area. That could be because I am a museum-person and am really interested in the subject matter. That reminds me that I need to go to the new Mob Museum (which was not open when I went to the Mob Experience). - E
5	Holy Toledo, this was one of the coolest things I've ever done. Yes it is pricey, but trust me, it's worth it. Also, it's Vegas. It's not that hard to squeeze a deal. Just from walking around, we found a guy who worked for the Tropicana who gave us $10 off mob money for our tickets in. Sweet deal with no research!Anyways, so you go in and they do the awkward picture thing like they do at every attraction in Vegas, and then you're in Coney Island. The whole attraction is so incredibly well designed that yes, you really ARE in Coney Island instantly.I won't go into the plot (because I'm no snitch!) but I can tell you, if you follow your instincts, you'll be part of the family (imagine me saying that like Don Corleone). The actual museum part of it is also really neat, although it seems like they're still adding to it so it wasn't all full. The artifacts that they did have were really incredible to see. I'm talking guns that were used by the mafia. Shirts with blood on the collars. Gorgeous jewelry worn by mob wives. It's absolutely stunning.Now, I'm really into learning about gangs and gangsters and the mafia. My dad had me first watch The Godfather movies when I was four (at Christmas!), and I've been hooked ever since. This was just so neat to read and see and experience that I'm already dying to go again.PS, your final "scene" (?) can be a little loud, so just watch your back.And I mean it, I'm a made woman and I'm in the family. Watch your back.
4	This was on a whim while we were at the Tropicana checking out the remodel which is really nice! We had a coupon  for it and it  was still  a bit pricey, but we went and were glad we did. It is a fun interactive experience for those who like the mob and old Vegas. You have to act a little and follow the story but laughs will be had. See if you get "made" or if they take out a "hit" on you. You will have a great time.
4	I can't comment on the dollar value of this experience, because we were lucky enough to score some free tickets and have no idea what the entrance fee is.  But it was truly an enjoyable experience.  We took another couple with us, visiting us from the east coast, and we all had a great time.The support people - those running the shop, taking tickets, etc., were so friendly and fun, but the real fun started when we went inside.  I loved the interaction with some of the characters and, like some others have written, would have enjoyed more of it.  Nevertheless, it was really interesting to go through the parts of the exhibit that were more museum-like, and it was an artful presentation.  Personal memorabilia was interspersed with video and well-crafted life-like film vignettes.  All in all, it was a great combination of Interesting and Fun.
4	We were debating between the Mob Attraction and the shark reef and settled on this since it's much more unique.  Even $25 per person is pretty pricey but money is no object in Vegas.  We parked at the Tropicana parking lot and tried not to stare at the blindingly white walls of the hotel on our way in.  The Mob Attraction is located in an obscure corner of the property and I really think the Tropicana should move it somewhere more prominent.Anyway, we didn't really know what to expect but it was more straightforward than I thought it was going to be. Just follow the directions and you'll be fine.  The actors at the beginning were cool and the holograms were interesting as well. The guy behind us in line looked like Sherlock Holmes and for a while, we couldn't tell if he was part of the attraction or if he was a tourist.  Towards the end, there was a "museum" portion that introduced the various mobsters who controlled Vegas.We didn't buy the funny looking photos but I had a great time. It's something different and worthwhile to do in Vegas.
5	A MUST see for any tourist or Local in Las Vegas! Been wanting to check out the Mob Experience for a long time... as a local you always think I wanna see that but then time just passes by... Finally I saw it today after brunch with some friends... Entertaining, Interactive and Educational! Being intrigued by the creation of Las Vegas and Mob history here in Vegas, it was great to see.
5	oh man do i have a huuuuge obsession/fixation with the mob and the mafia-like it's so not okay...so when I heard about this attraction at the Tropicana, I knew that I had to experience it on my next trip to Vegas.  It's interactive and pretty educational.  You walk through the attraction and essentially run with the mob.  At the end, it's your response that determines your fate.  The actors were really good and held character very well, even with my friend and I cracking up the whole time trying to be serious with them.  Try to go with a local (they get discounts) or find a deal if you don't want to pay the full entrance fee.  The very end of the attraction has rooms upon rooms of information and history about all of the key mobsters, hotels, and endeavors that led to Vegas being what it is today.
5	ARE YOU TALKIN TO ME? I SAID ARE YOU TALKIN TO ME? If you are planning on going to this fun place, make sure you have at least 2 hours to enjoy everything it has to offer so you can get your money's worth. It's great for all ages as long as you explain it to your young ones. Based on some of the other reviews, they give away what you will be running into. I for one will not do that because then you will be expecting and looking for certain things. Shame on those reviewers. As for me I want you to have fun and enjoy your adventure. I can, however give you a tip. Go watch Casino and The Godfather. After you watch these two movies, you should get some kind of understanding on what the mob is all about. Then when you go to this attraction, you will have a better understanding because a lot of info is divulged here. This place is like a very good book. You can literally lose yourself in here. Heck, I actually wanted to watch those movies again after doing this! Its that good! If you do this attraction and you have never seen either of those movies, I guarantee you will be heading to the nearest Blockbuster (if you have one near that's still open) and will be poppin some microwave popcorn cuz it will be mob movie night.Now where this is located is kind of in an awkward location at the Tropicana. It's all the way in the back of the casino. Before you make your way up the escalator, look for somebody giving out Mob Attraction fake 100 dollar bills. These give you a 10 dollar discount off your admission.So whenver you are in Vegas, try to make this as one of your stops, especially if you have never done it. You will have a blast! Now for those other reviews, "FUGGEDABOUTIT!"
3	We went on Sunday morning and there wasn't any crowds. Would not recommend to go if there is a crowd.  There were only a couple of interactive actors.  They were really good and didn't break character.  Overall ROI I didn't think was worth a full price $33 (we got a local discount).  The exhibit was good, but you learn more bout what they wore, life at home etc.  not much of what they did in the mob.  If you are bored in Vegas and can get discounted tickets check it out.
4	Now mind you, I am horrible at live action role play.  And there is some.  So, just get used to the idea that there will be some, but then forget about it, OK?  There isn't very much!This is the slightly more sillier version of mob history, but it's light edu-tationment.  If you can, look online for discounts.  Otherwise, there are people scattered about the casino handing out $5 discounts, but you can get tix online via groupon/livingsocial or even here on yelp for $20-$25.  But if you don't get any discounts, remember that this is Vegas, and you are here to be parted from your money, so hand it over and smile big!There's a bit up upselling at the front desk and at the end of the tour where you can purchase $25 to $50 worth of digipix of you and your group in fun scenes.  You can spend as little as an hour or so or as much as 2 hours or so; it really depends on how much you feel like reading or checking out video footage in the history rooms.  The Attraction is in the very far back of the Tropicana, so get those walking shoes on!
5	My girlfriend and I decided to go while in Vegas for two days.  This was a great mob experience attraction.  The live actors were fun, engaging and played along when I made up a fake name and decided to take some of the fake money.  There was a lot of information and my girlfriend thought it was exciting and a little suspenseful as you walk through.  Overall I would recommend it.
5	First, CHECK GROUPON!  We got our tickets for 52% off, which made the experience that much more enjoyable.The Mob Attraction is really well done.  I went in not knowing really what to expect and came out pleasantly surprised.  The interactive portion of the attraction is actually a lot of fun.  The actors play along with the story and never break character.  Great fun there. Besides the fun story, the historical artifacts are truly amazing.  They have everything from family photos to social security cards of members of the mob.  In addition to learning about some of the most famous members (Myer Lansky, Bugsy Siegel, etc), you also learn tons about the history and development of Las Vegas.  If you are a first timer to Las Vegas, this would definitely be something fun to do first.Even if Groupon is not running a special, this is still well worth the price of admission.  Have fun and don't mess with the mob! :D
4	This was an interesting attraction with live actors helping you feel like you are in an old mobster movie. You are given a job to do and even get interrogated by police. We had a lot of fun.
5	Great experience, I wish ee had fake guns though, it would have taken this to the next level! I did like the interactive part of the attraction with getting the envelope, Tony, and the police officer. I wish there were more interactive parts to this though! It was really cool to see the rise and fall of the vegas mobsters, check out Capo's Italian steakhouse to continue the vibe of living like a mobster.
4	Wanna be a mobster? Want to learn while being one? This place is pretty good for your mob fantasy, or at least in the beginning it was. I've been here twice: the first time when it just opened, then again after it was redone. I have to say that the first time was the better experience, since now they've down graded their actors from about five to two.The first time we came here we were each given a mob name, and got to choose between four well known actors who have played mob guys. The actor took you through the whole place via videos and halo-grams. Now though you don't have names, you just get a passport, and the tour is a mix up of the four guys- completely at random it seems.I still think though that it is a great place to try at least once, and you should take your time with it since they have a lot of information regarding the mob in Vegas, and even a video you can watch about the Godfather.
5	This was really fun. Specially talking to "Big Tony" I took pictures of every single display. I learned alot about the whole in the wall gang and it was amazing
4	Cool experience.  They out you right into a scene of the times.  They also have so e cool mob memorabilia  and good facts about mob activity in Vegas.  It is a little over priced though. Do the yelp deal if you are going to go!
5	worth the money. It's interactive. Not just an ordinary museum. You become part of the exhibit. I spent over 3 hours in there.
4	It is a great place to learn about Vegas history and get some mob action. The attraction consists of a series of rooms that tell you stories of mafia run Vegas in the 1950-1970-s and show some pretty cool artifacts. You get to interact with a couple mob guys and then answer to the police officer. Think of some fake names before you come in : ) Most rooms have a lot of stuff to read, and some play stories. There is also a documentary on how The Godfather was made, which is really interesting, but super long - we watched for about 40 minutes and had to leave in the middle of it. I'd recommend watching some mob movies (like Casino) before or after going to the Attraction to get into the character better : )Make sure you grab some coupons at the front desk, or use some kind of other discount/deal not to pay a full $33 price. Also, go with a larger group. It was just two of us throughout the tour, and at times it was a little creepy!
5	June 27, 2013 @11:00amLOVED IT!!!The whole experience was so unique and fantastic. From start to finish, great! The two gentlemen at the ticket counter were so nice and had great personalities, they made us feel so welcome. The actors inside...amazing!! Totally in-character and very believable. Even though there was only two of us roaming through the Attraction, the actors still gave it their all! There is also a lot of memorabilia, photos and exhibits set up along the way. I would definitely do this again! Since it is interactive, the choices you make can certainly alter your experience. I WILL be doing this again :-)
5	My boyfriend and I went to the Mob Attraction last Saturday morning and had a fantastic time.We bought discount tickets at the Tix4Tonight booth and the saleswoman put it in my mind that portions would be scary. I went in thinking that it might be a little bit like a Halloween Maze with startle moments...but it wasn't at all. It's highly immersive and has several live actors, but I never felt a "jumpy" moment. It's just dark and atmospheric, setting the tone.The actors are great and in particular, the one who played the cop had us laughing. They are all great at staying in character and coming up with snappy responses. We saw five different actors and all of them really brought us into the action.Be prepared to be an active participant.There are several components to the museum and it took us about two hours to wander through. We spent a lot of time on computers looking at how the Vegas strip has grown over time.This attraction has the right mix of entertainment, education and interaction. We felt like it was well worth the admission and even would have been at full price.Tip- They do try to sell you your pictures, but you can have one of your five shots emailed to yourself for free at a kiosk in the gift shop. We ended up buying a picture and having a second picture emailed.
4	Had to find something to do for the afternoon and went to this based on the reviews I read. Very pleased with the experience. The actors were wonderful and set the perfect ambiance. My only negative was the Making of the Godfather movie. It was too long and needs to be edited down to a little 15 minute clip. I would recommend this to someone whe needs a break from the casinos.
3	Very interesting place to visit. We got the groupon deal so it was much cheaper than buying tickets at the door. It was a little more interactive than I would have liked and I was a tad freaked out. In the last room there are loud gunshot noises and crazy lights which I wasn't a fan of. However, there is a great deal of historical artifacts and pieces which were very cool to see. Plan on a couple of hours to visit because it's a huge place.
5	the palce was amazing. recommend it to anyone who is a good liar....lol
4	This was a fun way to spend a couple hours in Vegas. The actors are funny and don't make you feel embarrassed when you have to interact. In the end you find out if you have what it takes to be part of the mob family. Good luck! Overall good time and learned a bunch about the history of mob and Vegas.
4	This was so much fun and there were plenty of things to teach about the history of the mob. Interesting to see all the Chicago connections, too. The actors were so much fun, and the holograms were really interesting. Take kids!
5	Wow! This place is pretty legit. I really didn't know what to expect walking into New York back then, but was pleasantly surprised. The setup was so cool and the memorabilia they have really makes the attraction interesting. I found myself reading EVERYTHING about the people and their operations. Crazy what they did!The actors did a really great job and didn't crack up laughing when my mom and I did. I couldn't tell you what was so funny, but we were cracking up. They were so serious and about the business, like it was real. I thoroughly enjoyed myself walking through here, learning more about the mob. Never ceases to amaze me. Those guys did not mess around, as you see walking through the attraction.
5	I am a little late to review this attraction as we went here a few months ago but figured we had such a good time I couldn't NOT yelp about it. It was a Friday night and me and the bf were bored and cruising the strip when we passed the Tropicana and saw the large poster advertising this place and decided to give it a try.It was really fun because they have actors that you have to role play with in the beginning of the exhibit. I was super nervous and kept stumbling over my words because they were intimidating which lead to me getting "whacked" at the end... dammit!  Most of the other reviews on here give you the run down, you get an envelope from the mob boss, his bodyguard comes and intimidates you first, but eventually lets you meet up with him at the Cafe. After you get the envelope you encounter a cop and have to be very specific with what you tell him (mob boss gives you this info)All in all we had a great time, the actors were very convincing and did their parts well. The museum part was amazing, tons and tons of artifacts (my fave. was the car) Plan on coming here when you are not on a time schedule because it will take you a few hours to walk through and actually read everything.
2	It was OK.  I am really glad I got a heck of a deal on livingsocial, or I would have complained about the prices.  We had a total of 4 actors, everything else is filmed.  The actors are good, and to their credit they do know a little about the geography of the country, interacting knowledgeably about the area we a were from.  I will say they stayed in character regardless of the situation.  You have to read a lot, which is not good for kids under 13.  They start the videos before you get done reading.  It isn't well timed.  People were right on our heels.  There's not a lot for kids to do once you get past the initial 5 minutes of the skit.  It's a bit of looking at artifacts, which is boring.  My husband and I would have read the displays more thoroughly if they had something for the kids to do.  Overpriced merchandise at the end, as always.  LIVINGSOCIAL has a better deal than Yelp when I bought the tickets.
5	Some of this was different but it's the coolest experience and definitely fun. Interacting with the mob cast was the most fun I had in Vegas and to think that were going to leave without going here(that would have been the biggest mistake). If you're a history buff then you'll love some of the details that will be included. Good luck and enjoy!a.k.a. Jack and Jill from Jersey (Our aliases) lol
5	Extremely impressed and surprised. You can easily spend hours looking at the displays of big-name mobster memorabilia. There is a lot of interesting history shared about the history of the Mob and its role in the growth of Las Vegas through the decades. We particularly enjoyed the interactive video clips and live-actors we encountered throughout the exhibit, helping to set the mood and draw us into the story. Very highly recommended.
3	I was so excited, and I mean SO excited about this attraction. Stopped at the bar before entering the museum - Tried some of the Probation Ale, it was really dark and bitter- and I loved it. I was a little loopy and ready for some fun.   The interactions with the actors were AMAZING and so much fun. However, just as my husband (who is usually pretty quiet) was really getting into the interactions... it stopped. All of the sudden we went from this amazing interactive experience, into... a regular museum. Sure, all the "artifacts" were interesting, living room sets, bow tie collections, golf clubs... but they were just stuff. The "3D Holograms" which were projections onto glass... were interesting, and had a fun element... but the whole time we were waiting for the live actors to come back...  Even the very end, we were disappointed to "meet" the Don, as another projection.  I get that the muscle men added a level of "danger" to the end... but could they be projections, and have the Don be a real person? I feel like we were left wanting more.  I know actors are expensive, but if you're going to boast an "experience" - please make it an experience. There is a mob museum right down the street, for significantly cheaper too... Overall, the Mob Experience was more like "The Mob Museum with a few actors sprinkled in here and there..." We had a Groupon for the experience - which was basically the same price, but got a free souvenir, and two for one pictures. The souvenirs were limited to, A T-shirt of their choosing, a fedora, or four shot glasses.  We got hats, and wore them around for a day... but I don't plan on using it again.
5	I had the morning to myself and was a bit nervous to go on my own.  I was worried that the character actors would be too intimidating. I finally decided they would leave me alone if I didn't want to participate. Ha!  The joke was on me, and I have thoroughly enjoyed laughing at myself. This place was so much fun. I found myself playing along in the excitement, making up stories and sweating nervously. Well done!
5	Loved it! Was one of the highlights of my trip.  The actors were great.  There were a lot of personal items donated by the families of highlighted mobsters.  Enjoy it while it's still available!
5	Awesome place to visit on the strip! My boyfriend and I came here with 2 complimentary tickets otherwise it was about $30. It was inside the tropicana which gave it a nice feel to old vegas. All the employees dress to the part and after you get your passport you're headed off with the tour. There is a lot of interactive actors and holograms which make it really cool and unlike any other museum. It's like taking a stroll through old New York. I don't want to give away too much but the live actors can be pretty intimidating but definitely fun. Although one did tell me never to wear my black and white stripes shirt again ( it attracts attention to the cops because it looks like I just got out of the joint) The end of the tour is a thrilling surprise. I would definitely recommend to everyone of all ages.
