4	So glad I can get Meatballz anytime I want now!  The Northsight store's schedule never seemed to mesh with mine.  This one is across the lot from Kohl's, behind the Island Burger and Notorious PIG.  I've already been to the Desert Ridge store twice now and am so glad they're here.  The food's very good, though not quite at the stellar level of the original location yet.  I'm optimistic that even the minor gaps will be filled and then some once they get settled and hit their stride.  If it's your first visit to Meatballz, start with the meatball sandwich and get an extra garlic roll with it.
2	I had such high hopes for Meatballz.  I visited this location around 2:30-ish and the place was empty. I ordered the sausage sub which was served promptly but at best it was bland. Actually, I thought they had made a mistake and given me a meatball sub.  Italian sausage meat normally has some character, but this tasted more like breadcrumbs.  If I'm in the area again I might give them another try, but I was pretty underwhelmed by the place and the $7.60 sub. Sorry!
3	I must have looked like a deer in the headlights when I entered Meatballz because they asked if it was my first time in as they gave me a menu. It was my first time at this location. I decided to make a road trip from my office and go over to Desert Ridge to take in the views and the great weather we are having today.I ordered my usual sausage roll which was delicious. Great customer service as well as they brought out silverware and napkins to me out on the patio. However, I thought $9.84 for a Sausage Roll and a drink for lunch was a little too steep so I knocked off a star. But the patio was perfect and definitely geared for people watching.
3	This place was pretty good.  Much better than the average mall location restaurant.  I found my self using the dinner roll to wipe out the last bits of tomato sauce from the bowl of pasta.
2	Walk in, order, self-seat and self- serve.Ordered Penne with marinara and sausage.The pasta was kind of on the moderate $ range, 6 bucks ish.and it was bland. Lacked seasoning and texture.They were really friendly tho,... its a pity the food was crappy.I can cook pasta better than them and trust me I am am horrible
