4	We've been to several rad art shows at this shop, and while I've never owned a board, can recognize a broad selection of decks, shoes, and apparel for both men and women when I see it. Prices on the clothing is fair, and more reasonable than McLamerson Apparel next store. Space is well lit, well designed and FULL of skate paraphenalia - leaning towers of shoe boxes like some weird metropolis line every wall. The shows we've seen are more graff/street/urban art than painting or the "finer" arts but they get some big names in, and almost everything is for sale. Art rotates a lot and there's an opening every month or two.Awesome, locally owned skate culture hub. Come for the gear if you skate - or for the apparel and art, if not.
5	Shoe game in here is crazy...Only for sneaker heads and skate boarders
5	Shoes, Skateboard, Shoes, Skateboard Accecsories, Shoes, Street Art (on Canvas), Sun Glasses, More shoes and T-Shirts!  Cool store!  Friendly helpful staff!  I said they have Shoes!  Van's, Tom's and the Pop brands I would not mention nor wear!The guys here are very nice, friendly to everyone and never act like they have to sell you the most expensive stuff in the shop!  I see them tighten wheels for the Neighborhood Kids for Free!  Impressive!No dog, though the nieces still liked it! Shoes and Shades!
5	Yeah this is my favorite place in charlotte for shoes
3	Shoes & skateboards & tshirts...oh my!If you're in the market for any of these items, you're in luck! Chase & the guys will readily help you with any of these needs.  Space is small, but they pack a lot of product in there.As Julia S. pointed out, they have some pretty neat art shows there. Be mindful of kids / teens skateboarding directly outside of the shop. ; )
5	Sidewalk sale kiddies. Love it here.  This skate shop is just a "hidden gem" in Charlotte. The staff is great & the selection is plentiful.  Messed around & dropped a buck ( on 2 SB's & Black Sheep T) during their sidewalk sale.  A must visit when in The Queen City.
5	My favorite place to shop in Charlotte. Being from DC originally and just moving here a year and a half ago, I really missed palace 5ive and elite Boardshop. Black Sheep really helped fill that void for me.They have a great selection of shoes (i'm partial to Nike SBs...particularly the great SB exclusives and limited releases. they get them!) , skate clothing, decks, streetwear brands, hats and accessories. The layout is really cool too. They just renovated. And the fellas that run the shop are some of the nicest people that you'll ever meet. Really laid back, friendly, helpful. Always willing to order stuff for you if it's not available in your size. Really fun atmosphere. They have good deals on tees, sneakers and hats too. If you bookmark their blog/online site you can keep up with the new stuff that they get in. Awesome place.Support your local skateshop!
4	STREET WEAR GALORE!This is one of the last street wear boutiques in the city.  They have sales all the time and have an extremely friendly and helpful staff. Brands such as: Stussy, Official, The Hundreds, Supreme, and WeSC fill the small store.  Great variety, great prices, great staff, great part of town. Check it out!
2	Large variety
5	When Black Sheep opened up, it put Charlotte skateboarding on the map. Prior to that, there was a sparse, disjointed skate scene (if that, even). They brought everyone together and helped local rippers get some shine. The shop carries only great products (hard and soft goods). They do collaborations with large companies and have one of the best shoe walls. They throw events and support local artists. I live in NYC but visit Charlotte often and always stop in and buy something.
