5	Hidden little gem in Downtown Mesa, located inside the City Hall building on the Northeast corner. But don't worry great free parking and their patio faces the parking lot so you don't have to go searching through the building to find them. Homemade dressings, fresh sliced meats, homemade sides. Awesome  burgers, grilled cheese menu is unique and so much fun. Try the Ultimate Avocado Grilled Cheese. Great personality here. Lively local family owned so every once in a while expect a little spat amongst the sisters oncwe in a while in addition to the cooks talking to the people in the front and orders shouted back to the cooks.
5	If you want to laugh on your lunch you need to stop by this back door restaurant off of Pepper Street and Center even though the address is 20 East Main Street.  You have to enter north side of City Hall building.  This family will make you anything you are hunger for.  They always say "a menu is just a guide line of what product we have in  our kitchen".  They have a vegetarian "Ruben" I promise you won't miss the corn beef at all.  Their special this week was Prime Rib 8oz or 10oz with real mashed potatoes, what a treat for a lunch (11.95 and 13.95) any place else it would of been 17.00 to 20.00.  Walking into this little hole in the wall is like stepping onto a reality show and you are in it as a guest speaker, set back and watch "lunch and a movie".  I found out that this restaurant is named after the old Rendezvous Ball Park in Mesa where the Chicago Cubs and Oakland A's use to spring train.  Cindy's mom and dad use to run the concessions for the HoHo Kam's for 37 years, she has fond memory's of the good old day's in Mesa where she born and raised .  So if you want a good homemade breakfast or lunch you must stop by and get a full stomach and a good laugh
4	This is probably my favorite restaurant in downtown Mesa.  Tucked away inside the ground floor of the City Plaza building on Center and Main, this little breakfast and lunch place will hook you up with just about anything that they can whip up in the kitchen using the ingredients on hand.  Vegetarian or vegan?  No problem.  They have a good selection of veggie options on the menu.  Up at the crack of dawn for some reason?  No worries.  Rendezvous is the first thing open downtown.They're usually closed on weekends and sometimes on Fridays, so it's best to call ahead if you're not sure whether or not they're open.
4	This is a great place with Friendly service. They are open early and usually have some budget friendly specials. It's a gem hidden in downtown Mesa. I just love this place.
4	Updated to note that the business is now open pretty reliably on Fridays. Craving a coffee and breakfast burrito now....
4	Great food but oh my god it's spelled LETTUCE! LETTUCE! Not "lettus"! Every single day - EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. the specials sign is so badly written it nearly gives me heart failure. I know that's not the most important thing here, but it really gives me pause. If you know for a fact that spelling and/or grammar is not your strong suit, just google. For the love of god, just GOOGLE.
3	If you're looking for family friendly kitsch, this is the place for you. The food was competent, but the vibe was a little creepy. Waitress had her daughter there who spoke incessantly to her Mother in the kitchen. That combined with Dora the explorer on the TV was pretty hard to take. I might possibly return, but only for take out.
5	Egg salad sandwich and potato salad were great. Grilled cheese sandwich was delicious. We liked that they are willing to add or take away from the sandwiches (ie you add turkey or ham, etcetera to the grilled cheese). Also Love the decor.
5	Nothing but good things to say. I would definitely come back. I work for Wells Fargo nearby and they deliver and have great customer service. Very accommodating for business professionals.
5	Love my Downtown Rendezvous!  Great mom and pop feel with exceptional quality.  I am more demanding than most restaurant goers however Brittney always accommodates and makes us off the menu items just like I like them.  I have tried a wide variety of items from the menu and I love all of them.  Highly recommend going you wont be disappointed.  Heads up not open on Fridays :(  Not your fault i blame the city of Mesa, they do a lot of disappointing things
