4	Comfort food in a gourmet style.  The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious.    The restaurant is in the recently renovated Hotel Valley Ho and they did a great job at creating a retro style restaurant with food worth coming back for.
4	Hotel Friday!Valley Ho Hotel's Cafe Zu ZuSame old:  At the end of the work week I often find myself tired, haggard and lacking that little zing in my step.  The last thing I want to do is spend my Friday evening, after an hour and half preparation - primping, poking and spilling myself into skinny jeans, that too cute Chloe top (yes, it's completely impractical....I love it!) and Jimmy Choos (where I hope to God I didn't just step in what I think I did) - in some noisy, elbow-to-elbow, jam-packed trendy club where it takes thirty minutes to get a drink!  We all know that this ritual rarely concludes with the desired outcome, unless you really wanted to be awkwardly groped and fondled like you were by Bobby Murphy at the eighth grade dance.  So, one evening, after having had enough of the Paris Hilton wannabes, lack of vodka in my vodka-soda and hundred-dollar tabs that leave me less buzzed than the three week old milk in my fridge, I had an epiphany.  Enter hotel Friday's!On Friday, a couple times a month, friends and I, like-minded young professionals frustrated and bored by the usual routine, spend the evening at a different hotel to enjoy the ambiance, company, conversation, cuisine and, of course, cocktails.  Recently, we decided to try out the Caf Zu Zu at the Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale.  The buzz had been good and I wanted to judge for myself.First Impressions:  As I cruise up the hotel driveway, I am impressed by the architecture and obvious history of this very chic, art-deco and Valley-known celebrity hot-spot.  The valet (yes, I know how a lot of people are weary of valets, but trust me, there's no parking anywhere else so you just gotta suck it up and have a little faith) cordially escorts me from my car and ushers me to the door.  I enter the hotel and immediately feel transported into the Hollywood glam of 1960-something.  The dcor is clean, neat, and retro, contemporary in style, boasting shades of brown and orange, geometric angles paired with unexpected curves and unique and interesting lighting fixtures.  Truly, The Valley Ho is gorgeous.  I take in the social scene and notice that the clientele appears to be largely varied in age, mid twenty-something's to late fifties and well-dressed, well spoken, pretty and affluent.  Meeting my friends at the lobby bar, I decide to order a glass of wine.  The wine list is fairly extensive, yet not pretentious, with something for everyone.  I select a glass of the Willamette Valley pinot noir which I find to be smooth, flavorful and relaxing.  As a matter of fact, the entire setting is comfortable and calming yet totally en vogue, busy without feeling like you're stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic.Dinner time:  No waiting.  We are immediately shown to our table and are easily accommodated, despite our party of ten.  Our waiter is efficient, but not overbearing, offering suggestions and opinions when asked.  Our glasses are always full, our needs anticipated and the food sublime!  Seriously, I wasn't sure what to expect from the creative and unusual American dishes as I peruse the menu.  However, I thoroughly enjoy the Warm Maytag Blue Cheese Fondue, the eleven dollar Macaroni and Cheese (I had to see what eleven dollar mac and cheese tasted like....it was worth every penny) and, my favorite, an authentic take-me-back-to-1950-soda-shop real banana split!  Devine!Night cap:  After dinner, we adjourn to the lobby area where we are able to sit in comfort, enjoying the warmth of the gas-powered fireplace and indulge in our after-dinner drinks.  The evening was peaceful, relaxing, fun and engaging.  To sum it up in one word, "classy".  The perfect way to unwind from a long week!  If I could, I'd do it all again (and I left as put together as I was when I arrived, no problem, Jimmy, your welcome)!  Oh, and my speedometer didn't suggest foul play either. 411:  Hotel Valley Ho is located at 6850 East Main Street in Scottsdale, Arizona, 85251.  Call 480-421-7997 for reservations, walk-ins welcome.  Prices are moderate serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.
2	i ate breakfast here the two days i stayed at the hotel. the decor lives up to the standard set throughout the whole property. everything down to the light fixtures is perfect. the food and service were terrible. to be specific, the water for my hot tea was room-temp the first day and cold the next. the eggs were cold and not tasted oily. the potatoes were underdone when we asked for well-done potatoes. they mischarged us on the second day as well. over-priced is to be expected at a hotel so that didn't shock me. what did shock me was that  could not find my waitress, ever. the breakfasts took an hour each and we were late to both of our morning appointments. the best thing I can say is that the bacon was out of this world.
4	This is a place to go, just so you can say you've gone.  It's really beautiful to walk the grounds of the hotel and this restaurant is one if the best parts of the whole place.  All seating is at tables and while there are areas that could work for larger parties, this is a place that specializes in 4 or less a table.  Business lunches, retirees and folks who are staying at the hotel is your normal mid-week crowd.  The service is absolutely perfect - balancing that reserved resort restaurant demeanor with the upscale casual ambiance of the place.  Gotta tell you, I'm not amazingly impressed with the food.  It was very very good - but with all the hype, I'd just anticipated a bit more.  But the decor totally made up for it for me.  Very cool.Personal note - I love their match boxes!  They are so cute I almost always have one in my purse - and I don't even smoke!
4	Wow.  A place where I can go with my whole family with no complaints!  Even though the menu has many items that qualify as "comfort food", all of the dishes have a modern twist.  The menu has some old standards like meatloaf and pot pie, but you'll also find dishes like seared ahi tuna salad and some wonderful small plates.  While not the most focused menu, it has a lot of options that are all executed very well, making it the perfect place to bring people you don't know or people you do know who do not share you're taste in food.  It's a crowd pleaser.   Service was great.  No complaints.  Reservations recommended.
4	Cafe Zuzu is comfort food at it's best... french fries + banana spilt = satisfaction!
2	Nestled in the beautiful Hotel Valley Ho, Cafe ZuZu seemingly has everything going for it.  The layout and decor is just outstanding, with uber-modern details abound.  I really liked the look of the menu which contained everything from signature dishes to old favorites.  Our service was pretty great, also.But everything smells awful.  OK, maybe not everything, but our plate of mushroom grits (better in idea than reality) and my ZuZu burger reeked to high heaven.  I'm being completely serious when I say that I would hesitate to ever visit again based on this factor alone.  Clearly, I'm never ordering either item again, but now it seems like one big crap shoot.It doesn't help that the burger tasted awful, too.  Our waitress gladly took it back for a replacement which came promptly.  Replacing their terrible, caked-on bleu cheese with cheddar was the best decision of the night.  Still, my backup burger came complete with a scorched bun, an obvious consequence of the rush.I guess it could be worse.  They could have charged me for that awful burger I ordered and the mushroom grits could have smelled more like vomit.  Still, my expectations were so high and I left totally bummed out.
3	Located in Hotel Valley Ho, this is a fun place to have breakfast or brunch.  They have seating inside or out on their patio near the pool.  The hotel has a retro-the Jetsons sort of vibe to it.  There are lots of healthy choices on the menu.  I ordered their egg white omelet with spinach and broccoli and it was pretty good.  The cinnamon bun is huge and great for sharing.
2	Worst $12 chicken sandwich. EVER.I'd give them one star, but I feel like I need to throw in one more, just because the decor was beautiful, and the weather was great on the patio. They caught me in a good mood.We accidentally wandered in during brunch. We had already eaten breakfast, so we were in a tough spot. However, the waitron was kind enough to offer up some lunch menus. Good on her. It was also nice of her to bring the flavored syrup for my soda separately. Now if only she'd brought the check in a timely manner when we were done.I ended up ordering something off the brunch menu anyway -- a grilled chicken sandwich. Supposedly, it's topped with brie and arugula, dressed in a bacon dressing, and served on brioche. Someone must've forgotten to place their Sysco order. Because, my sandwich was topped with cream cheese with some brie rind mixed in, and spinach. There were some cold pieces of bacon fat in there, that may indicate some sort of dressing.The chicken itself was moist, but completely flavorless.The brioche had potential, but somehow it got soggy and gross.Bleagh. I hate to say it, but I could have gotten a better chicken sandwich at Applebee's for $7.95.
3	We sat outside and the first thing I noticed was a spider crawling out from either my napkin wrapped flatware or the menu they set in front of me. I murdered him with my water glass in front of the waitress and she didn't seem too concerned with disposing of the body. His corpse remained on the table for the rest of the lunch...The atmosphere is pretty nice... I've been to the Ho quite a few times since the remodel and I kinda like it. The douche-factor is quite high here... in fact, you might step on the premises and think that this is the factory where they make douches. Anyway, it's fitting that the front lawn smells like shit this time of year. It smells like they fertilize it with dog and human turds. It looks beautiful at least. I have to smell the lawn because I would rather walk the driveway than have to valet park with those half-wits. Back to the food - we first had a fondue and chip starter... potato chips with a cheese dip? It was both tasty and awful at the same time. I questioned the freshness of the cheese after a few dips, so I stopped dipping. The chips tasted like they came out of a bag, but they were also quite greasy. With their dip, they clearly should've gone with multi-color tortilla chips made from fresh. At these prices, they should be able to afford it. For mains, I had a Caesar salad with grilled chicken and my lunch-mates both had fish tacos. I found the salad to be quite bland - the dressing was clearly from a tub and the chicken was rubbery and overcooked and dry. This place doesn't cook from fresh from what I can tell - all pre-packaged and frozen. The tacos weren't fishy in a bad way, but the verdict on them was that they were just okay. The prices aren't outrageous, but they aren't cheap either and for what they charge - they should offer better food. I was disappointed. The drinks in the Ho bar are grossly overpriced. I guess if you have to eat here, you won't die.This place is so average, it deserves a 2.5/5 instead of a 3. No need to avoid, but nothing to rave about.
4	Celebrated NYE here last night.. we all had a very good time.. cool decor, loads of eye candy and well priced comfort food, cant go wrong.. well mostly.For whatever reason the waitress ordered all of our food at one so guess what? All the food came out at once.. I was pretty ticked off about this as the same thing happened at Cheesecake Factory (haven't been back, yuck!).. a place of this caliber sending out salads on top of entre's left me scratching my head. So my fillet sat there and got cold while I finished my salad.. sent it back. The chef came out (WOOF!) and talked to me about the timing which I thought was very cool.. he ended up making me a special plate of the most yummy braised lamb served with creamy grits.. both were awesome and I hate grits.. I was cleaning the plate with a fresh made dinner roll.. was great!!The pastry chef made the entire table a sampling of desserts.. he makes lemon meringue pie just like mom.. plus being cute as a button.. well you know me, I'm a sucker for a chef! If it weren't for the chef I would have banged this place badly due to the timing issue but his charisma and charm won me over.. well, actually it was the lamb!!
3	This place came highly recommended. It was good, but not great.The atmosphere and being at the hotel was the best part and cafe zuzu is just part of that experience.The food, traditional American with a flair, was good, but not as good as it could of been for the price. If I was to pay that much for dinner again I would go to Durant's.But, it is worth checking out. I have heard wonderful things about the mac n' cheese, burgers and other items. And this was my one and only experience there while staying at the hotel.I think that it is worth checking out, the atmosphere is wonderful and the setting is even better. Give it a try and decide for yourself.
3	I usually shy away from expensive trendy restaurants but it was my birthday, and I wasn't paying. The food was pretty good, not the best but definitely not the worst. I had a chicken penne with a pesto cream sauce that was really rich but flavorful. The chicken was swimming in the cream sauce, but still managed to be remarkably dry. I did like the addition of the sun dried tomatoes- they were a sparse but tasty commodity on the plate. The atmosphere is really nice, it's dim and romantic, particularly when seated in one of the round booths along the back wall. The service is prompt and friendly, unlike many of the trendy restaurants in town. We were too stuffed for dessert, unfortunately, but it sounded amazing. We  did have coffee after dinner, but my espresso was a bit more bitter than it needed to be. If you want to impress your date, this is a great place for that. Just make sure they aren't vegetarian because there isn't much on the menu for the veg-heads.
3	ZuZu not bad , not bad at all... I'm glad your out there in the desert doing your modern retro thing. I've been to the Standard on both coast and your doing it better...
4	The dining area was hoppin on this Monday night, and I figure it must be due to the chef's tasting dinner with wine pairings.  Kick ass and only $42.  If I was hungry enough, I totally would've done it.  Hell, I almost did anyway.Instead me and my lonesome moseyed up to the bar for some basketball and beer.  Serious comfort food menu, and I've gotta say, this weirds me out in such hot climates.  I feel like it should be all Mexican food or salads and fish dishes to combat the weather.  When it's 83 degrees out, do you really want blue cheese fondue or beef stroganoff?  Gross.Since it was only 60something, I opted for the ZuZu burger.  This is not a shy burger my friends.  In fact, when the bartender set it down and I lifted up the top bun, the burger jumped up and karate kicked me in the throat.  Serious.  Blue cheese and onions and bacon and SALT (duh).  What's a burger without fries, and these folks reeled me right in with their "twice fried" crispy critters.  Super super hot and crispy (and salty, gah, are you trying to give me a stroke?) upon arrival, some of the crisp faded away once they sat around for a while.I'd absolutely give this place another shot, there were so many yummy looking things on the menu that I had to go with my panic burger ("Ah, what should I get?!  I've been staring at the menu for 15 minutes and the bartender has already given me suggestions and JUST PICK SOMETHING ALREADY!!!!!!!" - you know how it is).
2	Cool: Funky retro furniture that looks like it could be  from the 60s.Not cool: Furniture that is so dirty it actually LOOKS like it's from the 60s and has been sitting in my parent's basement for two decades.Cafe Zuzu -- clean your freaking booths.The first thing I noticed after sitting down here this morning was that the brown polyester upholstery on my chair was stained with -- milk? And then, looking around,  I noticed the walls of many of the booths (same fabric) were also stained. The carpets were full of crumbs and food, too. That's what I expect from I-Hop, not the Valley Ho.My husband and I ate here for Easter brunch, but were overall disappointed. The menu? boring. The prices? OK, but a bit high for what you're getting. The service? Slow.The decor? Very cool. I'll admit, I enjoyed sitting in the cafe with glass walls that were open to the pool and the cool decorations. But that was about it.The menu was all things like "Denver omelet" "bacon and mushroom omelet" "scrambled eggs with grits" "pancakes" -- what is this, a breakfast join in Fargo or something? Really, that's the best you can do? I really wanted french toast, but the only option Zuzu offered was "cranberry and walnut" - which seemed a little seasonal. As in, NOT the springtime season.So I settled for the eggs and grits. The grits were really good. The eggs were... well... scrambled eggs. They were fine, and all, pretty tasty -- but that's it. I guess I just expected something more.  I was under the impression that this place was supposed to put a  "twist" on the typical "comfort foods" -- but they seemed to forget to add the twist.I could have had a far more creative brunch at home.
4	I have frequented ZuZu numerous times for dinner with family or friends and never walked away disappointed. While the food is essentially simple it tends to be very well done as you would expect for the price. The iceberg lettuce wedge salad was absolutely ridiculously big, I suggest splitting it unless you plan on grazing for awhile. The grilled salmon, ahi tuna salad, and beef stroganoff have all been proven to be consistent palette pleasers and the Bourbon Mac Daddy from the bar was perfect. Dinner service has always been prompt and friendly but not intrusive. Obviously, a booth is quite nice for a small party or a couple on a date, they are relatively cozy, somewhat quieter than the main floor, and have excellent lighting. The decor is relatively contemporary, as you would expect in Scottsdale/Valley Ho with a sprinkle of Frank Loyd Wright's influence in the central columns, but largely has a very relaxed and warm feeling. As a springtime alternative they also have a wonderful outdoor patio.ZuZu is quite popular on Friday and Saturday nights thus if possible I strongly recommend reservations or trying to go on off peak days for a more enjoyable dining experience. If you do decide to pop in at the last minute and are faced with a consequential wait there is a very relaxed bar adjacent to ZuZu in the lobby of the Valley Ho which you could easily pass the time. Cafe ZuZu website (menus and reservations are all online):http://www.hotelvalleyho.com/content/fooddrink/cafezuzu.html
4	*** Do not go for anything other than Saturday/Sunday brunch and early evening drinks unless you enjoy overpaying for drab food and you love disappointment. ***That was for the "short reviews" crowd as that will be the central theme of this review and the most important point when discussing Cafe ZuZu, which is the gorgeous space inside of the Hotel Valley Ho.ZuZu's brunch is absolutely fantastic, rife with comfort foods and thick cut bacon and midwestern-inspired dishes from kitchens with rosy colored grandmothers.  Its what I would imagine, in the matter of setting, decor and nourishment, Frank Lloyd Wright would sit down to every morning and gaze out into the world.  In the case of Cafe ZuZu, one is able to watch out of the glass paned wall into the area of the 50s inspired patio and pool area.The bloody mary is very serviceable.  Not the best I've ever had, but very delicious to go along with fruit topped french toast.  And again, that bacon!After brunch long passes, is another good time to re-enter into ZuZu .. for evening drinks on the patio.  With firepits roaring on chilly nights, its a very pleasant setting for a group of friends intent on a mellow night of chatting.  No ones gonna blow it out here, but its a nice spot to grab wine, beer, or specialty cocktails (which, come to discover taste like Pine-Sol and shit).  Anyway, ZuZu is a pretty unique spot in that you can start both your morning and your evening there before romping around Old Town.
3	Cafe Zu Zu has been a decent place for larger groups.  Most times the service has been spot on but the last time I was there (2 weeks ago) the service was slow.  We were sitting outside and the inside looked pretty dead.  I think our server was about to leave until we came rolling in and then she had to stay.  At least that was the vibe I got.The food was good though.  I has the cheeseburger, it was really good.  We had the cheese plate for an appetizer and it was just so-so.Others indulged in mash potatoes, macaroni and cheese and some salads.  They all seemed content with their food.I really enjoy the bar in Hotel Valley Ho.  Very chill and cool.
2	I must've ordered the wrong thing. Dangit. And I was so excited to try this place, too. I wanted to be bad and order the grilled cheese. But, I went with a salad. It's the Gruyere cheese that got me. I had to have it. Little did I realize that the lettuce they used would be your standard, boring iceburg. Ick. But, I did appreciate the combination of other flavors, and the thing was massive (took half with me for later). But, since eating at ZuZu, I've decided that if you go out as a treat, don't order a salad. Order something that's going to atleast have a high start value, like the blue cheese fondue. Anyway...Have you ever had a roll so good that you thought it was laced with some addictive illegal substance? Uh, yeah. Cafe ZuZu's rolls are UN-believable. Too bad my request for seconds went unheard. I would have even paid for 'em. Words can't capture how tasty these rolls were - warm, fresh from the oven, fluffy and melt-in-your-mouth fantastic. Service was anything but stellar. Our server tried, I'll give her that. But she seemed a bit scattered. Good thing Paul, the host (and/or manager, not sure) came by to see how everything was... and to confess that, yes, even he is addicted to the rolls. Will I be back? Doubtful. I hate to valet park, and it's mandatory at Valley Ho. It's complimentary, of course, if you eat at ZuZu, but even then, you have to factor in a good tip on top of another good tip on top of the price for lunch... Seems like alot of effort, doesn't it? It'd be one thing if the food were worth it, but, like I said, I think I ordered the wrong thing. Even my lunch buddy, who had a green chile burger, said the food was just okay. Cafe ZuZu, you get Cool Kid Points for trying, but I'm docking points off for poor execution.
4	Daahhling, I'll have a gin and tonic. If you don't feel fabulous here, then you don't have any imagination. I love the decor, it's fun to hang out here and have drinks at night. I've also had breakfast here before too, it was pretty good and certainly a different feel from the saucy evening there before, but it still had the same effect on me, that I was ab-fab. Hanging out by the pool is fun too, smaller than I thought it would be though. (that's what she said)
4	I really, really, really enjoy Zuzu.  I love the style of the restaurant.  The high-backed booths make a huge difference.  It's bad enough when you have to listen to another table's overly loud conversation, seeing them makes it that much worse for me.I always enjoy my meal (kicked up comfort food) and have never had bad service either.  And when I mentioned last night we were not staying at the hotel as we live down the street,  I  learned they have a "Zuzu neighbors" discount card (15% off) that's good thru 2009!  That pays for my husband's Bourbon Mac Daddy!  4.5 starts for me!
4	During my 2 1/2 days in Phoenix at the Valley Ho I visited their restaurant twice. Once for drinks and once for brunch...While we were there for drinks several of the Halloween themed martinis were calling my name, but I settled on a glass of Cakebread Sauvignon Blanc instead.  And it was perfect.  Gabi K and I considered staying for dinner, but Jared M didn't seem too thrilled with his pasta from there (even though he polished it off) so we decided to go elsewhere.2 days later we were back at Cafe ZuZu for brunch.  This time the choice of what to order wasn't so easy! Wheat pancakes or homemade granola and fruit?? Decisions, decisions. Fortunately, our uhmazing waitress (wish I could remember her name to give her props) made the decision for me.  She offered to split the homemade granola, wheat pancakes and even a side of scrambled eggs among Gabi and I.  As our food came I had to take a call and when I finally returned to the table my eggs and pancakes were cold. Gabi mentioned that the fabulous waitress did offer to keep them warm for me, but she wasn't sure how long I'd be gone.   Everything was still tasty though- even when cold!A fine option for those staying a the Valley Ho and even a good spot for locals to stop by..
4	While I was staying at the Hotel Valley Ho, ZuzZu became my mini-office and my home base for some breakfast comfort-food. The decor here, as in the rest of the hotel, is really late 50's/early 60's influenced. I love the look of everything from the chairs to the coffee mugs. The outdoor area has bright orange umbrellas and sweet little potted flowers adorning each table. I only had breakfast options, but each hit the spot. My first day, I had theirhome made granola w/cranberries and apricots, with yogurt on the side. The granola was really top notch, and the dried fruit was plentiful, no searching for it among the grains. The second morning, I opted for the strawberry waffles, which were nice and fluffy. I don't make big demands of my waffles -- they just have to be hot and right texture -- and these were juuust right.  In addition tot he strawberries, they also came with an orange curd, which I ordered on the side -- a really nice touch!I'm not sure if the orange or pineapple juice that I had was fresh-squeezed.  I somehow don't think that it was, but was tasty nonetheless.  My servers both days were extremely attentive and sweet.  I really loved the fact that the hotel's free wi-fi worked here.  It make it a great spot to work while eating, and also to sit in on/host meetings. The only downfall in this department was the lack of outlets.  However, they probably don't want you whiling away your whole afternoon there, even if you *are* a hotel guest, so perhaps that's for the best!
3	When visiting on vacation, I'm kind of at the whim of my hosts (which is not a problem in the slightest). So I was taken along to Zuzu, located inside the Hotel Valley Ho, which I am warned is "retro." This is, in fact, the truth as the hotel looks like something out of an episode of Scooby Doo and the hotel like a malt shop where those meddling teens hang out.Except, of course, for the full bar and menu serving more than malts.We ended up there for brunch, where I tried the mushroom and bacon omelette, which featured fried onions and cream cheese. This arrived on a plate with toast of my choosing and potatoes. The omelette was good, save for very little cream cheese, and ketchup/jam didn't show up until 2/3 through the meal (a bit annoying). The jam needed pectin, as it was exceptionally soupy, and not very tasty (an apricot marmalade was the best I could identify).It was not busy at all there, so the staff were very attentive. Overall, I'd go back, and probably branch out more into the menu before I rated this any higher.
5	Went here for our anniversary with friends. I posted pictures. I apologize that they're half-eaten and upside down, but hey, at least I got a few before we finished the meal. I can't count how many times I've done that.Had the chicken picatta, which was excellent. Others had the chicken and penne, stroganoff, and ribeye. Prices are a little steep (about 20 bucks on average), but they are typical for a resort restaurant. Excellent service--she even cracked a joke (on me!).The lounge area is great and the bartenders enjoyable. We went to the lounge bar before dinner and for a night cap every night we stayed at the Ho.Highly recommend.
5	I have to add a star after having breakfast here thanks to Gabi K's review.  I had the special of eggs florentine--eggs scrambled with mushrooms, spinach, and bacon and topped with swiss cheese and hollandaise.  I skipped the hollandaise for calories sake (yes I probably should have skipped this dish altogether, but you gotta start somewhere).  It was served with their roasted potatoes which were so good thanks to the thinly-sliced onion.  I love that their orange juice is freshly squeezed.   Service was spot on as always.  Never an empty coffee cup or juice glass.  Now what I really wanted to try is the reason I'll be back soon--stuffed french toast made with cranberry walnut bread and cream cheese filling.  How good does that sound? Anyone free tomorrow?
4	Two visits to the Cafe Zuzu, I should probably write a review...My first visit was on Valentine's Day. We had just finished up at the Chihuly exhibit at the Desert Botanical Garden and were desperate for a place to eat. Being that it was Valentine's Day, most places were either completely booked or were warning of a multi-hour wait for a table. We decided to give Cafe Zuzu a shot, even though we assumed it would be the same result as the rest. Imagine how pleasantly surprised we were when we were able to walk right in and grab the last available table. The dinner menu overflows with comfort food- everything from beef stroganoff to a BLT sandwich and macaroni and cheese. YUM! The service was fantastic and the food was delicious!More recently, I visited Cafe Zuzu for lunch with co-workers. The pre-meal rolls are definitely worth mentioning, and savory doesn't even begin to describe them. They're warm- fresh out of the oven, and soft as cotton candy. YUM! I ordered the half sandwich/half soup lunch combination and enjoyed the Tuna Salad Sandwich and the Border Chili. If you like onions in your chili, you will die for this chili; hunks of onion swimming amongst yummy chunks of semi-shredded beef and beans. My sandwich was even better than the chili, if you can imagine. If I remember correctly, it was served on sourdough bread and had the perfect blend of celery and red onions. I would definitely order this again!I paid $11.25 + tax + tip for my meal, which is a bit more than I prefer to spend on lunch. But considering I was so happy with what I was served, I'll consider this an exception within my lunchtime budget.
5	Going to Cafe ZuZu at the Hotel Valley Ho was like hopping aboard Michael J. Fox's Delorean and traveling Back to the Future.  Back to the 70's to a simpler time, when life was beautiful all the time!  I loved the retro styling of this hotel!  It was intentional retro, not worn out dated retro.  The furnishings in Cafe ZuZu reminded me of the Jetsons!  But the ambiance reminded me of old time Hollywood.  I half expected Frank Sinatra to sit down next to me and sing me a song.I was there to meet my new friend Gabi for lunch, and I must say, we had a wonderful time.I had read up on Cafe ZuZu before going so I had kind of an idea of what to look for.   And I wanted to say that I was confused about some of the mixed reviews because being a foodie who is almost fanatical about fresh food and clean comfortable surroundings, I was very impressed.The restaurant was very clean.  Someone before had mentioned stains on booths, etc.  There was no such thing anywhere I could see.  The booth was clean and comfortable.  There were no crumbs, sticky spots, or fingerprints anywhere!  Very relaxing!The servers were right on top of things too!  Very friendly and helpful.  I was a little early and they didn't make me wait until my party got there.  I hate that when restaurants do that.  They let me sit, they served me, and they were very gracious.Gabi got there shortly and we were quickly served.  We both decided on the Ahi Tuna salad and boy was it fabulous!  Fresh ahi, lightly seared on the edges, perfect pink in the inside.  It was so delicious it melted in my mouth.  The greens were fresh too, just like they were just picked, and the dressing was just right.  Perfect for the tuna.  I loved this salad, and I am very picky about Ahi.I also was impressed by the rolls that they served.  They were not hot, I'm not sure if they were supposed to be, but they were yeasty, fresh and melted in my mouth too.  I noticed that the tops of them were browned and salted like a fresh pretzel.  It made for a very enjoyable roll.  I would have eaten all of them, but I was trying to be polite!  :)  Well I wouldn't have eaten quite ALL of them!I think the only thing you should be aware of is that there is no off-street parking, you need to valet park.  The valet's were friendly and fast.  But if you're not comfortable with valet parking, prepare to walk around the block or across a busy street.We loved our lunch and Cafe ZuZu and would highly recommend it.  It's a must see stop on a trip to Scottsdale, or just for a great lunch in Old Town!  Enjoy!
5	This place is fantastic. Great food, superior service, gorgeous decor... I had a Breakfast Casserole and a generous side of Cheesy Grits. My girlfriend had the Blue Plate Special which was a frittata. The Breakfast Casserole is a medley of sausage, roasted vegetables, and potatoes with cheese, topped with a poached egg. There were no overwhelmingly strong or weak flavors, and I didn't see any extra oil in the dish. It came with a side of toast. I chose the marble rye and was disappointed only to see that the butter it came with was a hard stick. The grits were definetly made with milk and butter and had some cheddar cheese sprinkled across the top. The grits were more solid than watery which was a big plus for me, as I prefer my grits closer to the drier end of the spectrum. After breakfast I ordered a bloody mary at the bar inside and it was spicy and delish, a really good balance of tomato to booze. I liked it a lot. What I liked the most, though, was the really good service and friendly attention we got from our server, the hostess, the bartender, the bar manager, the valet drivers, and even being greeted by the concierge and check-in when we weren't even staying at the hotel. I will definetly make it a point to come here again.
4	Great place for the unique requirements we had last night. We needed wifi and wanted some wine. So we stopped in (before the Yelp Rocks event in Scottsdale) and found just that. Sat down in the lobby bar and fired up the Mac. We were thrilled to find favorites on the wine list and more excited when the cheese plate we ordered arrived at our table. Great cheeses with fresh breads, fruits and a sweet spread that topped it off. Our favorite cheese plate in town right now.
5	Okay...I've never had grits.  Luckie Maounds ordered a side of grits.  I sampled...about half the plate.  Now...I ate Cream of Wheat a lot when I was a kid and grits are about the same.  The big difference is that this place makes it the way my mom never would...with real butter, whole milk and cheese on top.  G'damn.It wasn't just the grits that got me all hot and bothered.  Let me break it down:*O.J. - fresh squeezed.  No fillers here; it is the real deal.*Blue Plate Special - on this particular day, it was a scramble with bacon (that's all I needed to hear), mushrooms, tomatoes, green onions and covered in your choice of hollandaise sauce or swiss cheese (I chose the former of the two).  It is served up with a side of potatoes and toast.  Holy hearty!!!!  It was cooked well and so delicious.  Only gripe is serving butter on the side rather than buttering the toast right away; it never melted!!*Grits - yeah, yeah...enough about that.*The patio - it was a gorgeous morning and I am glad we chose to sit outside.  The pool was nearby and opening up as we were there.  The landscaping at this hotel is divine; nice flowers, chic 60s decor.  It is top notch.*OUR WAITRESS!!! - her name escapes me, which sucks because she was a GREAT server.  Asked cool questions without being overbearing, offered to take our photo, made sure we had what we needed at all times.  She was fantastic!Next time I am here, I will hit up this place again.  I absolutely loved this little oasis in the Scottsdale desert!
5	I had a wonderful time at Cafe Zulu, which is located within the Hotel Valley Ho. I think the 'Cafe' part throws me off tho, because I feel it's more of a lounge/bar with very mod-esque decor; something that reminds you of a scene out of The Jetsons.They have a great happy hour menu that lists a range of appetizers from Bruschetta, Prime rib dip w/au jus, to a handful of signature drinks and domestic beers for only $3 a piece. It's a great deal!The Chef who works for the Valley Ho and who happened to be creating these tasty appetizers, came out and introduce himself asked if everything tasted good and if he could do anything for us, while our waitress was very cool and insightful on the drinks and appetizers as well. Now that's what I call great service. You can't beat a $3 happy hour menu
2	My darling SO just looooooves this place, supposedly because they have a BLT that comes with avocado and a half-cooked egg on it. Ummm... OK. When he finally dragged me here, I realized he probably likes it because the waitresses hit on him. (Honeybuns, if you're reading this, they'll do anything for a tip. ANYthing...!?)I got a veggie egg white omelet, which had all my favorite components of caramelized onions and broccolini, but it tasted as if they had sauteed the veggies in the drippings from the burgers that just came off the grill. Uh, gross. This alone takes the rating to two stars, and I'm not even a super-strict vegetarian. It's just disgusting. The English muffin was this weird little hockey puck that really served no purpose other than to serve as a vehicle for the tasty, homemade apricot preserves that came on the side. The chocolate cherry scones were delish and the coffee quite good.The booth next to us held three 20-somethings (two dudes and a chick) downing mimosas, still wasted from the night before, who thought it fun to play their cell phones and/or iPods at high volumes. Just annoying as shit. Later, when I visited the swanky bathrooms, I saw the girl out crying in the lobby. Guess the swordfight didn't end well.I'll go back, so my SO can continue to get his ego stroked and his cholesterol raised, but I'm staying away from things from the grill...
4	I love the swanky, Ocean's 11/13 feel of this place. If only I had been noshing with Danny Ocean instead of on a business trip :)  Each of us had the chopped salad (yowza!) and split a couple of small plates including the truffled grilled cheese & the tomato and goat cheese casserole (double yowza!).  I had to grab several match books on the way home, so just in case any of my friends are at my house when I light a candle - - they will know just how swanky I roll!  LOL!
4	Cafe Zu Zu...I love Yu Yu! Those were some serious BBQ Burgers I took back to room 6106. Lathered in a perfectly sweet, tangy and mildly peppered sauce with thick slabs of bacon and Vermont cheddar, or was it Wisconsin...not sure...but it was sharp and we all know cheddah makes it bettah! While the mayem and madness of putting together a fashion show unraveled in our room, I sought refuge on our private patio with my new friend (the burger) and it's sidekick (homemade chips!)....I devoured and enjoyed each morsel. The bread was soft and crispy on the edges! Heavenly I say. The signage for Zu Zu is a little Weird Weird...I thought it was Trader Vic's as I saw two signs for TV and none for ZZ! Didn't care, the decor was warm and modern with big puffy cotton ball lighting dotting the ceiling. Hostess and bartender were warm and modern with big puffy cotton balls...oh, wait...I digress...edit...the manager put together my order with a minor mislabeling of medium well and medium rare. Sorry Rickie...I know you don't like the pink spot. Hey. Clean it up yelpitas. I liked the menu I perused while waiting for my chow, enjoyed the decor and service...Cafe Zu Zu easily gets two, two thumbs up I say...Up Up!
3	extremely cool spot. polynesian, trendy, contemporary, retro....and full of well-dressed "mature couples", extremely hair gel-ed scottsdale dudes, and giant breasted, ultra mini-skirted scottsdale girls. i fit right in with my Old Navy/Target wear....i havent' had PBR in a while, so i decided to go with that. too bad...something was wrong with their keg device so that was unavailable. so i opted for a limeade which was alcoholicly tasty. the app/happy menu is limited for vegetarian...only 2 choices, but the little grilled cheeses were awesomely tasty. our waitress, poor girl, couldn't get anything right when we went. we asked if the chili had meat in it and she said no, so we ordered it and it was FULL of meat. luckily our dining partner ate meat so she chowed on that. overall, cool ambiance and great for googling over people who are better looking, have more money, and more well dressed than me, but if you don't eat meat, have something to eat before you go and enjoy the drinks....
5	So far, this is by far the best breakfast we have had in the area. It was a tad on the pricey side probably because it's in a hotel, but the food and coffee were delicious with generous portions. The service was wonderful. Hubby had the lemon cream cheese stuffed brioche French toast and I had an omelet stuffed with broccolini, carmelized onions and roasted tomatoes with a side of bacon. It was one of those meals that had us practically moaning with every bite 'cause it was so tasty! Oh yeah, free valet parking!
5	Holy effin' eff! Best happy hour anywhere in the valley! Challenge: If you can find a better happy hour than the three dollar bonanza at Cafe Zuzu, I will eat one of the wretched pickled eggs from Palo Verde Lounge, the gray-green eggs that time forgot.I'll start with the tapas-style appetizers because they really blew me away. Two fall-of-the-bone tender braised pork shanks that will melt in your mouth and fill your belly? Three bucks. A surprisingly ample mini prime rib dip with (unassuming) horseradish mayo and au jus? Three bucks. Two buttery, rich grilled brie and thin sliced green apple sandwiches with fig jam reduction? Three bucks. I'm salivating right now. The other two options included the border chili, which had fresh chunks of meat but was a bit bland compared to the rest of the apps, and the bruschetta that was utterly forgettable. Standard tomatoes, olives and capers, nowhere near as memorable as Il Postino or La Bocca's stellar examples. Since these apps are a bit on the small side, the best bang for your buck to sate your hunger would be the mini pork shanks, followed closely by the prime rib dip. The artisan grilled cheese was my personal favorite (sooo perfectly buttery, sweet and savory!), but it really would have benefited from another little grilled brie sammich on the plate because they're quite small. Several of our party tried the wine (chard, pinot, merlot, and I think they've even got some bubbly) and had positive things to say. While we all had zero interest in trying the beer, since it was just PBR on draft or domestic swill in bottles. There were much better options to be had for three bucks, like the specialty cocktails! The waitress that took care of us was kind enough to explain what each of the cocktails entailed. Best liquor bang for your buck? The Hot 'N' Dirty, an extra dirty vodka martini with a splash of Tabasco and three olives. They even bring it out in a little cocktail shaker to pour tableside, ensuring that not a drop of goodness is wasted on the way to your table. Second most potent potable was the Bourbon Smash, a whiskey cocktail that's the illegitimate love child of a mojito and a mint julep. In the words of Sammy J, "It'll getcha drunk!" The Gin Fizz was one of the most refreshing cocktails, kind of a gin and tonic with more prominent citrus notes and a splash of simple syrup. And for the girlie girls in attendance, the Bramble, Basil Showbiz and Cherry Limeade will treat ya right! The Bramble was heavy on the blackberry, the Basil Showbiz strawberried out and the Cherry Limeade had me second guessing whether someone had spiked a Sonic limeade. Superb, one and all. I haven't a single bad word to say about any the cocktails taste-wise, although the more frou frou drinks seemed a bit light on the pour. Three dollar beer, wine, specialty cocktails and appetizers? A frenzy of (relatively sophisticated) gluttony? A mere 15 bucks. Cafe Zuzu is my new go-to for happy hour!
5	It's 1961 and we're having lunch in the courtyard of our Miami Beach hotel. Parker House rolls, sweet and salty, an open-face meatloaf sandwich with mushroom gravy. There's a surf board and a tiki carving amidst the flowers. But wait - something's wrong!! There's no humidity! Those are imported mushrooms in my gravy! I work to orient myself in time and space and find, what a relief, that I'm actually in Cafe ZuZu in downtown Scottsdale and it's 2010. The Valley Ho Resort, which houses the Cafe, is such a wonderful period piece. It opened in 1956 and was renovated in 2005 by a very wise design team that left the mid-century architecture and spirit intact. Cafe ZuZu is at the far end of the lobby, and its charming patio is surrounded with flowers. The decor is late 50's. If you're as old as we are, you'll recognize it instantly. The menu consists of "Flavorful American comfort food. Familiar favorites with a contemporary twist." There are goodies like warm Maytag blue cheese fondue ($7.50), truffled grilled cheese ($9), beef stroganoff ($17), and (gross) tuna salad with cottage cheese which brings me back to my childhood a little too clearly. While waiting for our entrees, we received a basket of Parker House rolls. These are the nice squishy white bread treats that, if you can manage not to eat them all, make wonderful toys. You can mold them into sculptures, or shape them into little round beebees to shoot through your straw. My meatloaf sandwich ($11.25) was served on a thick piece of grilled white bread topped first with melty cheese, then the meatloaf, then the gravy. There was a mound of lumpless mashed potatoes alongside. They were so smooth Ken wondered if they were made from instant, but they tasted much too good for that. The portion was huge, I took half home (of course I knew I was going to have dessert). Ken had sauteed liver, beautifully prepared, atop a mound of kale that had been cooked with high quality bacon, sauced with a Madera reduction. He loved it. I surprised him by ordering a lemon meringue tart ($6) for us to share. There were several chocolate desserts that sounded good, but I had a vision of the mile high meringue toppings of my childhood. The tart had only modest swirls of meringue, but it had been made in such a way that it was creamy, as opposed to foamy, and it was really good.The lemon custard was the star. I remembered a gelatinous filling, but this was smooth and velvety, with just the right tart/sweet balance. The pastry was a cross between cookie and pie crust, and stood up well to the filling. This was not an inexpensive meal, but the portions are large and quality is excellent. Plus we had joined an organization called The Lunch Club, which every weekday, emails it's members a discount coupon for a restaurant in their specified zip code. So one of our entrees was free! (The discount coupons differ, some are 20% off the bill, others merely are for a free drink). But, to pay Cafe ZuZu the ultimate compliment - I'd come here and pay full price.
4	02.06.10We quickly Yelped a place after a failed attempt at Cafe Monarch (must be hard running everything with just one person).  Located in the lobby floor of the Valley Ho hotel, this reminds me (down to the logo on the matchbox) of Anzu in SF.I had the winter linguine [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=N0o3_Q6n2yQ8MpaGNUMGWQ].  Comes with butternut squash, mushrooms, swiss chard, marsala wine, crispy sage and parmigiano reggiano.  They use fresh ingredients and the dish was very tasty.  Portion enough for 1.5 meals.The others had the ahi slider [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=F1wOsuKHFba52sF31O4DZQ], chicken quesadilla [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=ScqXMRoXvZtrO7yF45MSNA] and truffled grilled cheese [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=DUH8R9fVcJgNByTdLAZ7IA].All the dishes were delicious and a delight to look at.  Wonderful job on the plating.The restroom has a couch where you can lounge while you wait for the rest of the girls to finish changing and putting on their make up.
4	Instructions for a "funtabulous" happy hour in Scottsdale: 1. Go to Cafe Zuzu. 2. Have the delightful Lacey be your server. 3. Order any of the speciality cocktails on the $3 happy hour menu. 3A. In particular order the Bourbon Smash and Bramble! 4. Order a couple of noshes off the happy hour menu or even a "supplementary" item off the lounge menu. 4A. In particular order the barbecue mini pork shanks, the grilled artisan cheese mini sandwiches and the apple, endive, pomegranate salad. 5. Enjoy people watching in the crowded bar that magically empties out as 7:00p (the end of happy hour) approaches. If you are visiting Scottsdale, as we are, and are not regulars at Cafe Zuzu, here are a couple of tips that might be helpful for you before you go to Zuzu. First, web site ad aside that shows a young woman sitting with legs and dress askew, have no worries...you will not be offered a lap dance with your cocktails. (Although, my husband who wondered if this might be so based on the marketing photo on the web site may have been a tad disappointed. ;-) ) Second, you do not have to use the Valet parking at the Valley Ho to get into Zuzu. Self parking is available around the side of the building, a little hard to find but it's there. Third, yes you really ARE going the right direction from the gate at the parking lot in the long walk through a sort of dark "tunnel" of buildings to get to the pool area of the Valley Ho where ZuZu is located...trek on intrepid traveler. Last, if there is seating outside (not on the night we were there due to inclement weather) it looks as if that could be as much fun as was the inside seating! Even for those of us who are...ahem...more "mature" happy hour fans for whom the retro design at the Valley Ho and Zuzu reminds us of our childhood.  (And remember, all those younger people have to go to WORK the next day and we are blissfully retired. :-) )
3	Inside the Valley Ho Hotel, the place was fancy schmancy. But the servers were friendly. The atmosphere was quiet and intimate. Definitely the spot to unwind after a long day.Chicken Quesadilla (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=Sl3cwHn--wpqAXfsMr3jPw): For a bar bite, it was quite big. Generous amount of ingredients. The flavors were simple. Chicken meat, cheese and mango salsa. I supposed $10 was not bad for hotel cafe food.Ahi Tuna Slider (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RTegy5CUBpMK65pr8UeDgA?select=qW3r3Z4PoNj-PDYQuWaaNQ) The slider, on the other hand, was not worth it at all. $8.50 for one slider and couple pieces of squash. My friend finished her meal within 5 minutes.Not a bad option if you want a quick bite around this area.
5	Why Cafe Zuzu's brunch deserves all five stars:The menu -  First of all, there is one, not a buffet with food made who knows when on a mass scale.  It's a pretty big brunch menu with items to satisfy kids to entry-level foodies to those annoying health couscious people.The service - They take reservations and actually honor them!  The hostess and manager were super cool about letting us load up a booth meant for 4 with our 5 selves.  Our waiter was the best - we had one of those guys in our party that insists on waiting and waiting before ordering and usually ticks off the wait staff because he'll send them away 2 or 3 times before he's ready to order - waiter showed the patience of Job and kept up the refills too.The food - Here's a breakfast for you:  layer of buttermilk pancake, dollop of banana pudding, another pancake, more pudding, one more pancake and pudding topped with bananas and real maple syrup on the side.  Over Easy should take some lessons from Cafe Zuzu's chef.  Just writing this is making my mouth water.  Everyone else loved their food too, though other than the eggs benedict and burger (both great), I don't know what all the others got because my attention was laser focused on the pancakes.  Oh - talking about the pancakes almost made me forget they gave us a basket of bread when we sat down.  I don't know if it's the same every day, but in it was some kind of scone-thing with cherries and chocolate chips that was outstanding.It's in the Valley Ho hotel, so the easiest way to park is to valet, which is free for Cafe ZuZu customers.  The valets sometimes forget and try to charge, though, so be sure to remind them.
1	The worst (lack of) service i have received in some time! Guests and i arrived for Sunday brunch around 11:30. We were promptly seated on the outside patio. After being seated we waited for about fifteen (no joke) minuted when our server arrived with water. She took our drink order. We never saw her again!!! after some twenty minutes (no joking again).....we gave up and walked out! During all this we observed that the 30ish other guest seated outside also seemed to be experiencing similar (better or worst) than our table. I can dine anywhere i like....(money is not an issue) you can can deliver a marginal mean and great service and i can forgive. If, however, you have the best food ever BUT no service, you are dead in the water!!! I do not run my personal business like this and if i did, i would fully expect the same type of review i am giving ZuZu.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite places for brunch. We drive from Anthem just to go here on occassion. It's always hard for me to choose what to get. The cinnamon roll and fresh berries are amazing. They also have a fabulous fresh scone on Sunday with cherries and chocolate inside. My husband likes the ZuZu breakfast casserole. Definitely a place everyone should try!
2	Went there last night for dinner with a group of girls.  When I walked in, I felt like I walked into a crappy Vegas lobby/restaurant.  Clientele was what was expected & typical for that part of Scottsdale - at the bar were a bunch of "brah's" who like to act like they have money and their respective female counterparts.  Restaurant area was slightly older crowd - especially with the waitstaff, which I thought was unfortunate.  I expected the server to be a hot babe...girl or guy.  Instead, it was a 50-something-year-old woman with no social skills.The food was also pretty gnarly.  We ordered probably 6 or 7 appetizers before we ordered meals.  I only tried a couple of them - specifically the "warm maytag blue cheese fondue" with potato chips.  ICK.  The dip was horrendous tasting and looked like what my husband calls a "wax dart" if he hasn't, you know, for a while.  The chips were really greasy and just tasted like a potato dipped in oil.  I also tried the "oven roasted tomato and goat cheese casserole" with herb toast.  Another ick.  The toast was alright, but the casserole was like bruschetta gone wrong.  I ordered the "Grilled Chicken Piccata" with the butter sauce on the side.  It was alright - way too much salt and the seasonings tasted off.   I don't know, perhaps I went there with the wrong expectations.  I thought the atmosphere wouldn't be as cheesy and I expected to eat "comfort food", not food I wanted to secretly spit into my napkin.  I'll never go back.
3	I really hate that my 1st review is not a good one but the service is what is bringing down the rating.  The food was outstanding!  We we're seated pretty quickly but it took almost 10 mins to get a waiter to bring us coffee and then another 10+ mins to get any refills.  The food was perfect!  I haven't had better for breakfast!  I will try again but I'm very concerned about the level of service.
5	Since my initial review, I've been back to Cafe Zuzu many times. This is definitely one of my favorite places to go. I recently discovered their potato gnocchi. Holy cow, this stuff is amazing!! I'm not a mushroom fan, so I had them sub in heirloom tomatoes, and what a great decision that was! The sauce that they're served in is so sweet and creamy and the parmesan cheese shavings on top are the perfect accent. You've got to try this dish before they take it off the menu (think it's seasonal).I also recently discovered their fantastic happy hour! It goes until 7, so there's plenty of time to take advantage of the specials. They have a whole menu of specialty drinks that are only $3, in addition to a great appetizer menu. We're planning on going this Friday to take advantage again!
5	Cafe ZuZu has a great happy hour.  However, you haven't experienced the best part of this restaurant until you've been to one of their Monday night chef's wine dinners.This last Monday we were at a dinner featuring Cline Cellars' wines.  The dinner started out with a lobster risotto paired with a pinot gris.  Lots of lobster over creamy risotto was the perfect start.Next was a warm mushroom and leek salad.  The Cline Cashmere blend wine might have been our favorite of the wines.The herb roasted lamb chop with goat cheese and pine nut ravioli was outstanding.For dessert we were served a peach bread pudding paired with a late harvest mouvedre.  What an outstanding finish to a fabulous meal.Get on their email list for upcoming dinners.  Chef Wiley is one of the most talented chefs in the Valley and these dinners really let him show his talent and creativity.  At $52.50 per person they are a steal!
4	This would probably be a five-star review if I came for happy hour, but coming here for dinner was a solid experience nonetheless. My uncle was staying at the Valley Ho so my mom, sister, and I met him for dinner here. The place was pretty empty on an early Saturday night, but I really liked the swanky, retro atmosphere. The menu looked pretty good all the way around, but what really stood out to me was the number of salad options and the "small plates" that were offered. There was about ten different salad options, and although none of them seemed completely crazy, original they all sounded delicious. One of those with a small plate (there's about 12-15 different options there) makes for a great meal. I went with a Cesar salad (I know, boring), but it was delicious. It was a little heavy on the dressing, but the croutons were to die for . I went with the lamb sausage small plate which came with a tangy cucumber salad, which was delicious as well. With the Cesar salad this was the perfect amount of food. My uncle (who can be a pain to dine with) had the salmon, which he really liked (he was very skeptical about eating salmon in AZ). My parents come here often and my dad (who wasn't with us this time around) says the beef stroganoff is the best he's ever had, and that's pretty big coming from him. The service here is good (although like I said the place was pretty empty during my experience) and the prices are adequate for the portions and quality of the food. When I'm back in AZ visiting the fam, I'll be back! I NEED to come here for happy hour!!!
5	Cafe ZuZu has a Rock'in BREAKFAST !!!! First, the BEST bloodymary I have ever had!! niiiiiice and spicy. The eggwhite omelet and the cheesy grits are to die for !! I wanna go back soon!!! Or maybe It was just too much vino from the night before..........Either way.............it hit the spot perfectly :)
4	There's not much I can say about ZuZu's happy hour that hasn't already been said - it's one of the very best values in town! $3 appetizers, cocktails, glasses of wine, and beers mean that you can leave here either really full or really hammered (or a bit of each) for under $20, including tax and tip! All the apps are a good deal and most are very tasty - the only one I wasn't fond of was the terribly over-salted chicken wings. The cocktails aren't weak like you'd expect for $3, and the wine selection is decent. The beers are the only thing that aren't a good deal, in my opinion - you can find domestics for $3 at many places even when it's not happy hour. After a long day or work (or play), you really will be happy after an hour at ZuZu.
3	A pricey endevor to come here for breakfast and drinks.  Good, but pricey.  The stuffed french toast was very good, as well as the eggs benedict.  I like that they serve gritts, even though I don't personally like to eat them.   Bloody Mary's and mimosas were tasty.  I've been back, it's kind of a fun place to take visiting guests.
4	We went for the happy hour and were NOT disappointed. The appetizers were delicious and cheap (highly recommend the grilled cheese appetizers... brie, fig jam and apples? Yes, please) and the drinks were more booze than filler, a great deal for $3 a pop. I left with a wonderful buzz and a full stomach for a mere $18, which is unheard of. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was laid back but fun.
5	I loved this Happy Hour!!It goes until 7pm every day so there is plenty of time to take advantage of the specials. They have $3 specialty drinks, wine (my fav), and select beers. There are also several appetizers on the Happy Hour menu for $3. I went there for a friend's birthday on a Tuesday, and the bar area was very crowded when we got there with some business guests of the hotel, but once it cleared out we had a really enjoyable time at our table. The atmosphere was very comfortable and our server was really friendly and smiling which is a plus. I'm pretty sure we tried every single appetizer on the Happy Hour menu. I kinda have a simple taste, so I really really enjoyed the Bruschetta and I had THE BEST Grilled Cheese ever!! It had apples and a fig jam which gave it a different but awesome taste like you would never imagine on a grilled cheese. The only thing to keep in mind is the appetizers are very small. I didn't mind this, but my guy friends ordered about 4 appetizers each to satisfy their hungry stomachs. The grilled cheese was very tiny and only came with 2 sandwiches, but again it was absolutely delicious so I would suggest ordering at least 2 orders of it if you want to try it. I will definitely be back to this happy hour!!
3	The decor alone seals the deal for me. Mid Century modern, and the restaurant is done well. Favorite place to dine with one of my friends and catch up. Sitting in the booths makes it feel super private. The chopped salad is what I always get simply because I adore it. Green goddess dressing is incredible. They serve rolls and butter, and they are the real thing! A throwback for sure...super soft and warm! I might be addicted to iced tea (jury is still out) and I am delighted by how it is served here...big, tall glass, mint, a side of simple syrup for sweetening, and an iced tea spoon! It's the simple things sometimes that really add to my experience :) Not sure if they still serve this, but their cake & a shake for desert is to die for. Tiny chocolate shake served with tiny chocolate cake. Perfect little treat!
1	First off, I really cannot understand why so many think this is a great place.I ended up at Trader Vic's no Zuzu, but it's the same happy hour.Gee, where do I start ?  The service was lousy, the food was not much and the wine by the glass was lame.  Need I say more ?  It's sad to me when the best thing on the menu is a BURGER.  I can get a burger anywhere and ay time.  The waitress was more interested in talking to various patrons than to pay any attention to the ones who are getting food delivered (by someone else).  I had to get up and ask someone else in the wait staff if I could have some water after I already asked the waitress and she never delivered.  Meanwhile, the food shows up and she is too busy talking to others to pay any attention to my table.  Then after that I had to get up to ask someone else again for some ketchup for the fries that came with the burger.  Again, not paying any attention.  Forget about the pathetic "Asian cucumber salad".  They may as well take this off the menu.  I received a little tiny pile of thinly sliced cucumbers underneath a mound of dried rice noodles so large you couldn't tell there was anything under it.  Even for 2 or 3 dollars it is a joke.  The fried calamari was so oily I couldn't eat it.  The wine wasso lame I didn't even bother to drink it.  All in all a terrible experience.I will probably never go back and I will tell everyone I know how iousy it was :)
4	Super tasty brunch (not a buffet). I highly recommend banana pancakes (banana pudding between the layers), tasty big bacon, homemade cinnamon rolls are buttery sweet goodness, and the bloody mary's are spicy and yummy. One tip- on Sunday's they have a build your own bloody mary bar for $5. On Saturday its $6.50. Nancy is an amazingly attentive waitress and their manager Tina is willing to assist in any way possible. I will be back!
4	First I have to say this is a BREAKFAST review, so I can't say I have anything but promise for a good lunch or dinner.Honey and I spent the night at the Valley Ho and sauntered down for breakfast around 9am on a Sunday. We were seated in a super swank booth immediately and had ice water and coffee within seconds of being seated. BONUS. Their silverware and coffee cups are so in tune with the whole VH scene, it just makes you feel...well, special. I wanted to steal the cute little teaspoons, but my Catholic guilt prevailed, as always.I ordered the banana buttermilk pancakes (a sucker for dessert for breakfast) and Honey got the Denver omelet. We perused the NY Times, had a refill of pretty good coffee (we are coffee snobs) before our food arrived which, in my assessment, was the perfect amount of time. My pancakes were so pretty and seemed as happy to see me as I them. Outer edges thin and crispy, sliced bananas on top and...wait for it...a banana puree between each flapjack. OMG. Every bite was better than the last and I barely used half my ration of syrup as it seemed sacrilegious to mess with the medley of buttermilk and bananas in any way other than to fork it into my cakehole. Honey's omelet was so vibrant looking which yes, is bizarre for an egged-up entree. But it was. The veggies were crisp tender and accounted for most of the ROYGBIV you'd want on a plate. Also the perfect balance of ham and cheese and served with yummy potatoes and lightly toasted sourdough. All in all, we were very pleased and felt it was appropriate to return to our hotel room and nap off our fabulous start to the day.P.S. Dear Jesse T: ROYGBIV equates to all the colors of the rainbow. Beautiful work!
3	You can't beat the happy hour prices here ($3 beverages and food - and the portions are huge), but it wasn't out of this world for me. The decor was very old school 70's and it just felt like an outdated place. Our waitress was nice, but forgettable. I probably wouldn't come here again because there are so many other great happy hour places in Scottsdale.
5	Best happy hour in town by far! I've literally had every appetizer and drink on the happy hour menu and everything is excellent.My favorite drink is the "bourbon smash" but the "hot n dirty" is the best bang for your buck. You cant really go wrong with any of the drinks as they are all strong... its just that the "hot n dirty" has a little more kick to it :)The appetizers are pretty big too considering its a happy hour menu. My favorite appetizers are the chicken drumettes with the honey bourbon sauce and the artisan grilled cheese with the brie and fig jam but the prime rib dip comes in at a close 3rd place. We loved the artisan grilled cheese so much that we began making it at home for and afternoon snack.We ordered 5 appetizers, 7 mixed drinks, and 1 large bottle of Pellegrino and the total bill came to $46.30 (i am also going to upload the picture of the bill). The funniest part is that the water was the most expensive thing on the menu.We left there stuffed, drunk, and had money left over in our pocket. We have been back several times and will continute to go there.I hear they have an awesome brunch complete with bloody mary bar.you can view the happy hour menu here:http://www.hotelvalleyho.com/pdf/zuzuhappyhour.pdf
4	Hotel breakfast is one of my favorite reasons for traveling, and Cafe ZuZu didn't disappoint! On a recent trip to Scottsdale for work, a colleague of mine and I had some morning eats at the restaurant inside Hotel Valley Ho. In all of the times that I've stayed at HVH, I've never had breakfast, and boy was I missing out till this month. I had the veggie omelet with potatoes and an English muffin, typical for me! The omelet was HUGE...HUUUUUUGE. I would definitely suggest downsizing on the number of eggs, especially if you plan to go to town on the seasoned potatoes which were delicious. The muffin didn't have me jumping up and down yelling "zuzuzuzu" or anything, but I was so full after getting through the potatoes and half the omelet that it didn't matter that the muffin sort of got lost in the mix. Although I couldn't get through the crazy amount of food, I asked the waitress for an A+ for effort. She did better than that and gave me two gold stars!
5	A must for happy hour. Great deals on unique drinks and delicious appetizers... try the grilled cheese!!!!!!cool vibe and good looking 30-50 year olds flock here.
4	I had breakfast here after staying at Hotel Valley Ho once.  The server was friendly, and the food was simple yet delicious.  Normally, I'm known to write longer reviews, but this time, just go to Cafe ZuZu, and you'll thank me afterward.
4	10/26/10Terrific happy hour!  I'm almost tempted to give this first visit a 5-star review, but something's holding me back... Perhaps it was bec. I found it so dark indoors; How many times do I have to yelp it-- I like to see what I'm eating!!  When I'm dining solo and I can't take great photo souvenirs of my experiences, well, I sometimes feel "what's the point?"  I like this space.  Thinking back now, I wished I'd gone to the NYE bash held here.  Maybe next year...  Took Mom along w/ me, and I could tell she liked the old-style swankiness, too.  I must go back again, especially w/ such delicious fare and drinks and at such terrific prices, to boot!We both liked our drinks-- mine was The Bramble, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=zkpZJuIJqPU2bG8ahL7r1A#zkpZJuIJqPU2bG8ahL7r1A a short, yet sexy concoction made w/ Bombay gin, lemon juice, muddled and fresh blackberries!  Not overly sweet, and very potent.  I believe Mom had the Pomegranate Fizz, a tall, cool, and refreshing drink made of Smirnoff vodka, pomegranate juice, and sparkling wine.  Can you believe these were $3 each??  But wait!  Not only were the cocktails $3, but so were all of the apps we tried.  And oh, how delectable they were!Mom's favorite app was the Spinach Artichoke Dip, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=XBH8OmJtPaWmzy1Y7CLmhg#XBH8OmJtPaWmzy1Y7CLmhg which I found was too runny for my taste, but if she's happy, then I'm happy.  I was torn between the crunchy Artisan Grilled Cheese (brie, apple, fig jam) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=jOMpMH4mpV6O5hfSUt1txg#jOMpMH4mpV6O5hfSUt1txg and the salty-creamy Prime Rib Dip (horseradish mayo, au jus).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=k6Rq3e8zU8Xys5BJPE9NEQ#k6Rq3e8zU8Xys5BJPE9NEQ   The crunch factor I yearned for and did not get from the prime rib app, I found gratified w/ the grilled cheese.  Mmm... I think I've just decided where to go for happy hour after my massage appt. tomorrow!  LOL
4	If you don't want to go to bed drunk on an empty stomach while staying at the Valley Ho, I highly recommend the fries with the sriracha aoli! If you're still not drunk enough, order a dirty martini while you wait for your fries.
4	This review is for happy hour and it's very solid. Everything is $3 from 4-7. Three of us took down four drinks each and 4 apps and it was $50. Not bad at all. The Brie grilled sandwich was pretty outstanding and so were the wings. The French dip was mediocre, but hard to beat for $3. the margaritas were light and very good- tequila, agave, lime juice - better than most places! Definitely one of the best happy hours in town for food and drinks and service.
4	This is a review for the Chef's Table Wine Tasting dinner with Clos du Val.Bang for the Buck: 4/5- the tasting dinner was nice and with the wine reasonably priced. I will go back.Decor: 3/5- a bit retro 70s, not my thing but done simply and it was fineAmbiance: 3/5- the room is open so not much privacy but the booth we were in gave a bit more than most spotsService: 5/5- they were great in all ways... very attentive, the wine flowed well; I had a bit too much :)Food Quality: 5/5- all was excellent her; top notchFood Quantity: 4/5- could have used a bit more on the plates... if I had not drank so much wine I would have still been hungryFood Flavor: 5/5- it is rare I give 5 here but this place deserves it on this meal. Everything was perfect!Food Uniqueness & Creativity: 4.5/5- very creative, perfectly paired flavors and in the right proportions. Last Experience...02/07/2011Herb-Dusted Seared Ahi (braised tuscan kale, meyer lemon oil + pancetta)- amazing! honestly the best Ahi I've ever had. The herbs did not overpower but complimentedWarm Orange Braised Fennel (baby spinach, shaved red onion + parmesan croutons)- very good, could have used more fennel as that was a bit lacking in qty.Flat Iron Steak and Duck Sausage (sweet pea tortellini + shiitake mushrooms)- perfect flavors, perfectly cooked. Would have liked to see one more slice of steak and more sausage... normally I'd have still been hungryChocolate Truffle Cake- this was the only item that was not great, it was so-so. flavors were average, and the cake part was a bit dry.
5	Cozy cone, this place was very quiet and pleasant. We had a late breakfast here and totally loved it. Food was good, service was nice... coffee was soo good. I really enjoyed it.Have fun
5	Firstly, I regret not being more hungry when my girlfriend and I shuffled over from our gorgeous king studio room at the Hotel Valley Ho:-(We came to AZ for some spring training and my girlfriend is a boutique hotel aficionado.  Normally we don't eat at the hotel restaurant, but when I saw beef stroganoff on the menu, I was hooked.  I'm a sucker for a good strogi!We dined sort of late on a Sunday evening (the restaurant is open until midnight - how convenient!!), so things were understandably a little slow.  However, our server Mandy (or Mandi) and the rest of the staff there were in good form, chipper, knowledgeable and friendly.We ordered the beef stroganoff along with the mac-n-cheese and onion rings sides.  Lemme say...wow, the strogi and MNC were phenomenal!!  The beef was actually sliced filet and it was hard to tell the difference between the steak and the meaty mushrooms.  The sauce was incredibly tasty, with a nice tartness that I haven't been able to replicate in my own kitchen.The three cheese mac-n-cheese was addictive.  I'm not usually a fan of this beloved children's favorite, but this was made for serious adult taste buds.  The onion rings were good, but they were the third favorite part of the meal, so we were fairly full by the time we got around to them.  I do have to give props to the aioli sauce - I think I could put that on just about anything!!Final thoughts:  We're already booking our return trip for next year's spring training and we'll also include a reservation at the ZuZu!  Looking forward to seeing what's on the menu next year!
2	Gonna have to rain on the breakfast parade a little bit, I'm afraid.I'm on an unofficial mission to try all the great or very good or excellent breakfast joints in the Phoenix area.  On my Yelp search for a Sunday breakfast, I hit on Cafe ZuZu and decided to give it a try.I wish I hadn't done that.  $27 later, I couldn't wait to get home to eat after the meal.In order and succinctly:Spicy Bloody Mary - decent tasting, albeit not very SPICY at all.  Came with a full stalk of celery, a wedge of lime AND lemon, and two olives. Problem:  it was MOSTLY ICE.  I got about 6-7 good pulls on the straw and it was empty.  And there sat a full glass of ice, stuffed in the glass top to bottom.  Look - I know MOST places do this, and at times I have even asked for NO ICE in my Bloody Mary.  I guess I'm going to have to make that a solid habit.  I don't like getting so obviously ripped off.  I work hard for my money, and I don't appreciate having to pay $6.50 for 75 cents worth of Bloody Mary contents.Side of Thick Cut Virginia Bacon - very nice taste, cooked about right.  This was the highlight of the meal.Breakfast Casserole - my SORE point, even more-so than the Bloody Mary.  It was advertised in the menu as this: "sweet Italian sausage, roasted potatoes, bell peppers, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes + cheddar, topped with a poached egg (or substitute sour cream for egg)"  All that WAS true.  But here's the MAJOR PROBLEM:  the amount of "sweet Italian sausage" was about the size of two quarters.  I'm not kidding.  There were 4 thinly sliced slivers of sausage, about the thickness and size of half a quarter dollar each.  That was it for the sausage.  The dish was SMALL too, about the size of my hand and not much thicker.  It was mostly green, red, and yellow bell pepper.  Mushrooms were good, what there were of them. The roasted potatoes portion consisted of about 3 medium-sized potato wedges.  Here's how they made it:  Cut all the veggies,add the two tiny slices of sausage, and cover it with cheddar.  Nuke, then add a poached egg on top.  It was something I could make at my house, but never would, because there was no seasonings involved.  Just the ingredients, smothered with melted cheddar.  Not creative, and not very tasty at ALL.  Felt ripped off at $11.75.Ambiance and setting was good. The facility is nice.  The service was good.  The food and the lack of value are what ruined this meal.But if you can't bring me some tasty. memorable (in a GOOD way) food, then I'm not going to be coming back.
1	I came here for breakfast on a Monday morning as I was staying in Hotel Valley Ho. It's in the lobby and hard to beat the value of being able to walk from your room. They bragged about being able to eat 'poolside' and I thought I'd try to enjoy that. Living in Seattle, anytime you get sunshine is a good thing.The restaurant is completely empty and I asked the waitress if I could sit outside. She tells me yes and to have a seat wherever I'd like and she'd be out. She brings me a menu and I order some OJ. She comes back out and asks what I'd like to order. The process seems to be going easy and fast enough and I think "Huh. Not too bad."One little sidenote: The menu upstairs for Cafe Zuzu in the hotel rooms had different prices than the menu in the restaurant.I ordered the fruit plate and a cinnamon roll. The waitress brings out my food & promptly forgets about me. One other couple joined me out on the patio and she only came out to take their order once and didn't return for quite a while. It was so bad that I had to go inside after 20 mins to ask her if she could bring me my check. When I walked inside, the restaurant was still empty and she was re-filling the sugar containers. I don't expect her to hover while people are enjoying their meal but I had finished my OJ and had obviously finished my meal and was just waiting for her to come back. When she finally did bring my bill, she was just rude and abrupt. Perhaps it is an Arizona thing but the servers and hotel staff did not seem pleased to be doing their jobs. And paying clients like myself are the ones who have to suffer.
5	I love Cafe ZuZu. i have been here twice now, and their salads are excellent.We went on Mother's Day and they had a "make your own bloody mary" bar, which was a lot of fun. At only 5 bucks a pop, it was worth it. For those of you who don't drink alcohol, they have great iced tea and they serve it all fancy-like on a plate with a napkin and even a proper iced tea spoon. Being in a hotel, you would think that this restaurant would be both mediocre AND super-expensive. It's neither.Also, the remodel of the Valley Ho is worth seeing. Check it out!
4	Awesome happy hour. Specialty cocktails are $3 and apps are $5 each. There is outdoor seating with a view of the pool and the area is nicely landscaped. When you walk into the lounge, it's like stepping back in time. Very mid-century modern.
2	Caters to party animals with managers picking their battles loosely.
4	We ate here twice this past weekend with a group of friends, once for dinner/happy hour and once for breakfast.  First off - the happy hour menu is unbelievably cheap; $3 specialty cocktails/wine/sparkling wine.  I think between the lot of us we tried every drink on the specialty menu.  My favorites were the Bramble, with gin, lemon & blackberry, and the Ho-Hattan with bourbon, vermouth & bitters.  YUM.  We had a divine grilled cheese sandwich w/ tomato soup for only $5, and the cheese plate was also great.  For breakfast I had the ZuZu breakfast casserole which was topped with the most perfectly poached egg I've ever had.  The level of attention to detail in the food here is incredible - they think of everything. My only complaint is that a few of the servers were a bit snooty and not very attentive.  We went stretches of approximately 20 minutes without anyone stopping by.  But we think we figured out the problem....there was a female manager working when we first sat down who was SUPER bitchy.....an hour or so later she appeared to have ended her shift and suddenly EVERY server was super cheerful and awesome....hmmm.We had a server at breakfast who was one of the best I've ever had; wish I would have gotten her name.EDIT*** I just realized I forgot to mention my FAVORITE part!!!  You HAVE to order a side of grits for breakfast.  They're unreal.  I've never been a big grits fan because of texture issues but these were amazing.  Apparently mascarpone is involved....off I go to attempt a recreation!  :)
5	Things you might not know about ZuZu:- most ingredients sourced locally- much of the produce is organic, and bought seasonally from local farms- 95% of everything made from scratch in the kitchen including their awesome dinner rolls- pei mussels flown in fresh 3 times a weekSeriously, seriously good place.  I really like the effort the chef puts in about getting locally sourced produce and products when they can.  Also, everything is extremely high quality from the fresh produce all the way to the awesome desserts.  I would say it is like higher-end comfort food, but with special flair from the chef depending on what fresh ingredients he gets in.  Also, the price is ridiculously good for the quality of meal you are getting. The name makes it sound like a coffee shop in the middle of a hotel but it is so not.  It's decorated mid-century modern and a very cool place for dinner.  Dinners are fabulous but breakfast is awesome too, and you can't pass up that make your own bloody mary bar.Some things that are awesome:- The mussels, with chorizo.  SO good- Asian pear and endive salad - Orange and ginger seared ahi- Grilled lamb sausage - Caprese salad - the tomatoes are sooo good and fresh- Ho-J: This is on their breakfast menu and is basically an orangecicle smoothy.  Fresh squeezed orange juice and ice cream.  If I was a local, I'd be going here all the time.  Knowing that the ingredients are local and many are organic and that most everything is made from scratch just makes you feel better about the choice of eating there.
3	My friend and I ate dinner here the first night of our stay at Hotel Valley Ho. Our server, Mare, was very sweet and helpful and didn't interrupt our meal, but still made sure we had everything we needed. The fresh, hot rolls served beforehand were delicious and my bacon cheeseburger was great. The bacon was thick cut and crunchy, just the way I like it. My friend's truffled grilled cheese was decent, not exactly what I usually look for in a grilled cheese (not very melty or grilled, and not a whole lot of gooey cheese) but it was a fresh alternative to a burger. We had a salad (mediocre) a few nights later and the mixed drinks were the same, at best. It was nice sitting outside once the sun went down and listened to the Beatles and Sinatra as we listened to the poolside's last stragglers of the evening.
4	I really enjoyed the futuristic Jetsons style layout of this place.  I ordered the egg sandwich on a bagel.  The food came out quickly and to be honest that egg sandwich was so ginormous i couldn't finish it.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and we were able to charge the breakfast to our room.  I felt like a rockstar.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Great atmosphere and great food.  I ate dessert after eating at what was once open, Trader Vics.  The dessert here was great.  I had the special, the chocolate satin pie.  This was a very good choice.  I will come back here for dinner in the near future.
5	ZuZu is one of my favorite places to go for a cocktail with friends late in the evening after dinner. Spacious with a large variety of seating options, Cafe ZuZu is a fantastic throw-back reminiscent of the 1960's with an attached retro motel to boot! While I admit I have never eaten their food here, they have a fair selection of delicious cocktails and other assorted adult beverages that warrant multiple visits so you can try them all. Do yourself a favor gentlemen and toss on a skinny tie and a slim suit and enjoy drinking in the type of establishment one might imagine John and Jackie Kennedy would go to if they were still with us!Keep singing,-Jerron
5	5 STAR! 5 STAR! 5 STAR!Wow... What else can I say?If you haven't been to Cafe ZuZu - what are you waiting for? I was sorry it took me so long to get there!!The amazing, talented Chef Sean created wonders on a plate...Seared Ahi - DeliciousTruffled Grilled Cheese - OutstandingAsian Pear Salad - Perfection(That was course #1)Brussel Sprouts Au Gratin - MmmmmCrab Cakes over Cheesy Grits - SpeechlessLamb Sausage - Oh so goodMussels - Seriously the BEST I've ever had (anywhere)!! (That was course #2)Tropical Iced Tea w/Fresh Mint & a side of Simple Syrup -  Refreshing(Could not fit another course in... will have to go back for dessert!)Well, enough about the food, let's move on to the atmosphere. Very cool, very chic, very retro (50's). We could not stop thinking & talking of ideas on how to bring more people here, i.e., family, friends, large gatherings, work parties, etc. We want to share the feeling & the fabulous food we enjoyed here. Not to mention, they try to source local, have fresh herb garden right outside the kitchens back door, and mostly made from scratch! The service was personable & friendly! And we hear they have a great happy hour during the week, which we will definitely be back for!The team that put life back into the Hotel Valley Ho & Cafe ZuZu is genius! The place is simply impressive. A gem tucked away that should be admired, enjoyed & taken to the next level! GO NOW! =)
4	Went here the other night after work - fantastic Happy Hour menu! The grilled cheese sammy and tomato soup for $5 was spectacular! And, $3 Pomegranite Fizzes? Ummm, YUMMM!! Great service and retro/hipster ambience - I live in the area but would love to stay in one of their hotel rooms at some point. I will be back for sure!
4	I've been there for happy hour several times and the appetizers and drinks are always delicious. I also love the 60 's modern decor and the fact that it's in a old hotel that used to be frequented by quite a few celebrities from Hollywood's golden age.
4	Was pleasantly surprised after choosing to eat here solely because we were exhausted after a 7 hour drive.  The brussel sprouts au gratin were phenomenal and the grilled pork chop was done perfectly.  The service is efficient and not obtrusive.  Not sure what the normal crowd here is since we only spent a night in Scottsdale, but seemed like it was a popular destination for girls trying to replicate their own versions of a southwest SATC night out. Definitely recommend going here if you ever find yourself in Scottsdale.
5	ZuZu has the happiest hour on earth from 5 - 7 (Monday through Friday). Sip on a hot and dirty martini for $3 with the Zombies as your soundtrack and take in the retro-sheik surroundings. Then cool down with the bramble (something yum involving lemon juice, blueberry and gin). The cheese plate and spinach artichoke dip are both a-m-a-z-i-n-g and will help you keep happy hour from becoming hammered hour. It's a must-do for reals.
4	Cool hotel bar in a cool hotel.  Get a booth and enjoy the crowd.  Be sure to get a cocktail or four at the hotel lobby bar before dinner during happy hour.  Cool place and glad we checked this place out.
5	This place is a MUST for breakfast / brunch.If you're a local, you'll feel like you're on vacation.  It's hidden at the Hotel Valley Ho in Old Town Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is clean and retro.  Great place to take out of town guests, and there's rarely a wait, which is great if you're cranky in the morning like me and need your coffee NOW.Their menu is pretty expansive, there's something for everyone.  My husband gets the smoked salmon platter with accompaniments and I get the yogurt parfait w/ homemade granola and fresh berries.  Very high quality ingredients, and you can have a healthy meal without compromising taste and pleasure.  Very nice shaded patio with a view of garden-like flower beds and the pool. I've been for Dinner on three occasions. It was fine - Let's rank it a three star dinner.The parking is tough.  Either valet at the hotel (muh!), or park in the lot of the former Trader Vic's and enter through the pedestrian gate to the West, or park in what looks more like an   employee parking lot, directly off of 64th Street (?) and use the walkway east-ward.
5	I've been here a few times while bar hopping with the Rage Cycles folk. We tend to be dressed ridiculously but there are all kinds at ZuZu. It has the kind of atmosphere where you can get dressed up just because or walk in casually. The bar always has a delicious drink specials and the prices are comparable to other places around town. ZuZu is actually inexpensive compared to other "fancy" looking restaurants/bars. In all honesty, I have never eaten here but I've nibbled off of peoples' plates and the food is great if you're looking for bar food with a little flare. ZuZu is a great spot to meet a small group or date. Highly recommended! And it's close to old town, which makes it easy to hop around to other desirable spots.
5	Our family came here for breakfast one Saturday and it was great.  Funky, retro setting, friendly servers, and great food.  Loved the granola + yogurt and the stuffed french toast.
5	I had breakfast there last Saturday, they had a great special that my friend ordered.  She said it was amazing, I had the waffle with cherry butter, delicious is all I can say.  Our server was great, along with all the staff that morning.  Oh, coffee was perfect.  I recommend a visit if you're ever in Old Town Scottsdale.
3	I only came here for happy hour.  I love the ambiance of this place.  Very retro 60's feel.  The drinks were a bit tart and nothing special.  I wish I was hungry because some of the food sounded really good.
4	Excellent food, our server was excellent and the lounge has a hip trendy ambience! Had the grilled cheese, tofu dish, asparagus, chopped salad topped with martinis...all of them were very excellent...highly recommend. This is in old town and nice place to get away from the summer heat.
5	Seriously one of the best breakfasts I've ever had....you have to check out this place. Our waitres (Susan I think) was a nice older lady who lovingly referred to everything on the menu as her's..."I have the best coffee in town, I only use organic local ingredients", it was super endearing.Fresh squeezed OJ that gets REFILLED...yum. Awesome coffee..and HOMEMADE jam that they make in house...seriously heaven. I went there both days that I was in Scottsdale, it was that good. Can't wait to go back to Cafe Zuzu's
5	This place has a really good happy hour! All the food and drink selections on the HH menu are great. I like the grilled cheese/tomato soup combo and the prime rib dip. All their happy hour drinks are $3 and they're super strong. Really cool retro atmosphere and the service was good, no complaints!
3	Bar drinks, and atmosphere make this a three star instead of a two star. Good for happy hour.Bad for dinner.Service was adequate at best. Drinks arrived correct and timely, (we were one of four total tables on a Saturday at 7:30 pm), food did not take long, and bill arrived in a timely fashion.  We ask to see a Sunday brunch menu which never arrived, and the server had a slightly arrogant attitude which did not help. He gave suggestions when ask but very short with no description. Example, " What app is better mussels or tortellini?" Answer. "Mussels". No reason, no flavor, no added input, just mussels.Food. The recommended mussels were the worst thing of the night. I had a terrible after taste on the two I ate, and thought maybe it was a bad combo with the drink I was having. Then my wife stated the same thing, and we compared the after taste we were having to a scent. I will spare you the scent but it was not something you would ever expect to feel like you tasted, nor want to. We did not complain however the manager noted we ate very few of them, and ask why. To my wives embarrassment I explained the flavor in with the scent we tasted, and had a laugh with him about it. I was not trying to be rude, just being honest about the flavors. (I was a server all through collage) He stated he would remove them from the bill, and took them away. I mentioned to him that we weren't upset, and understand this happens. (remember we did not complain, he ask). The mussels were still on the bill when we paid. My wife and I both had the dinner specials, which were pretty good. I had scallops, which all but one side of them were seared properly The sauce was great, and all in all good a dinner.  I had the Bramble from the bar, which was the highlight of the night for me. It is $10 regularly, however $4 on happy hour. Great drink Wine list was good enough, and very reasonable.
3	Had dinner on Saturday night.  Cool retro decor.   We split a wedge salad and the grilled cheese.  Both were very good. My gf ordered the Beef stroganoff and I ordered the pork chop.  She liked her entree and I liked the pork chop until I cut into it and found that it was way undercooked.  The server and manager were apologetic and took care of me.  I changed my order to the fresh fish of the day which turned out to be good.  The mojitos were also very good.  We'll come back and try the place for breakfast next time.
5	A friend of mine was having a birthday party at the Valley Ho last weekend and we decided to come here for breakfast before a day of debauchery at the pool. I ordered the California Eggs Benedict (can't remember if that's what it was actually called, but there's only two on the menu and it wasn't the traditional one). HOLY MOLY that ish was delish. Legit might be one of the best benny's I've ever had. I asked the server if they had wheat English Muffins and she said no, just homemade. "Just Homemade" - best English muffins hands down. I don't even wanna think how it contributed to my own muffin...muffin top that is. Anyhoo, we came back here again the next day for breakfast. I didn't wanna be the freak that orders the same thing twice so I ordered the special...breakfast veggie quesadilla. It was good. For sure good. But it wasn't the benny. However, this time around I decided to go with Bloody Mary Bar. GREAT choice. Fantastic choice. It was only $5 and they have a great selection of items to build your own bloody and I'm not gonna lie, I made a damn fine drink. I love me some good breakfast joints and this might be up there as one of my new favs. I think I'll just be the freak that always orders the same thing. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. And that Benny ain't broke.
4	I wrapped up my stay at The Valley Ho by grabbing brekkie at Cafe ZuZu before heading out. Everything was delicious from the coffee to the farm fresh eggs, yummy bacon which could NOT have been more perfectly cooked and delicious sourdough. A lot of their ingredients are locally sourced so my brekkie was really a delicious conglomeration of all the goodness Arizona has to offer.What made this brekkie out of this world however was the Frosty Ho-Jay which is fresh squeezed Orange Juice blended with Vanilla gellato. I swear, my eyes almost rolled back in my head it was THAT good. Orange Julius can kiss my ass after this cosmic experience. Fantastic.I highly recommend Cafe Zuzu...if nothing else DO NOT leave until you've had the Frosty Ho-Jay. I can't believe I enjoyed a drink that much that had no alcohol in it.
4	This hotel restaurant is a terrific example of how Yelp can synthesize with an invested business and promote a great experience. ZuZu is a gem. Fantastic retro style, unique culinary approach, fresh food, good service and a relaxed, casual atmosphere for evening dining. It's clear from other reviews that management is invested in keeping it that way, something I love to see. It's important to know that people are listening to the customer base.I checked in on a Friday night and received a complementary glass of Pinot Noir that paired nicely with one of the specials, fish and chips. Five battered nuggets of white fish nestled themselves next to an inspired take on tartar sauce: fresh cabbage and light cream sauce, nothing thick or mayo-ish. Fries came separately in a lined basket accompanied by a delicious red chile dipping sauce and good old ketchup. Nothing too greasy, which is usually the issue with this dish, I loved it.I'll be back in October, and I'm looking forward to the much lauded breakfast. Great to know that the fantastic accommodations of the hotel are backed up by a seriously unique and enjoyable dining establishment. Cheers!
5	My family and I headed to Cafe Zuzu for breakfast after reading good reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed. The decor of the hotel and restaurant is fun - very retro - so the experience was good from the get-go. The food was fabulous. Can you believe a bottomless basket of delicious scones?? My daughter ordered the California Benedict and loved it. I ignored calories and got the stuffed French toast, stuffed with lemon cream cheese and berries. Yum! No butter or syrup needed. On top of all of this good food, we decided to try a Frosty Ho-Jay. Wow! I will be ordering this again, but not when eating French toast.  Too many sweets. I wouldn't mind stopping by just to have a Frosty Ho-Jay on its own. It's like a creamcicle milkshake.We will definitely be back and we will insist that any guests we have come along too.
3	Delicious tender salmon with a lot of flavor ($25). It had a nice, lightly breaded crust with lemon and herb, and the sides that came with it were rich and flavorful as well (buttered rice and roasted butternut squash).  A plus for Cafe ZuZu is if you check in on Yelp, you get a free glass of wine (Choice of 3 or 4 wines, listed on the check-in screen).  While the entree was delicious, the appetizer was a different matter.  We shared the ahi tuna sliders ($10), and I was surprised to see that there was no slider aspect of this appetizer, just slices of tuna with veggies.  The tuna itself was seared on the outside, but seared for too long so that the tuna was mostly cooked.  It had a light breading on the outside, but that couldn't save it from the lack of flavor.  The marinated vegetables that came as a side were more flavorful than the tuna itself!Our waitress was lethargic with taking orders, getting our orders, serving us, and getting our bill.  Also, she didn't tell us any of the specials of the day, I had to specifically ask what they were.  Maybe it was because we were a large party so tip was already included, but she provided a very disinterested amount of service.The atmosphere is relaxed, with a very open feel to the floor plan.  At night, it's a bit dark and the lights give off a red hue.
5	Stayed at the Valley Ho a few days, so I had a chance to experience the Zuzu for all three meals. All of which, from what I ordered, we're amazing and extremely delish. The night coconut cream pie was the featured dessert was my fav. So delicious without being disgustingly sweet. The fries, salads, sandwiches, just everything I tried was good. The BLT and truffle grilled cheese are to die for. Even the side of asparagus was really good. Service was also really good and friendly.
4	As if the atmosphere in the Hotel Valley Ho wasn't already fantastic, this little area near the hotel' lounge and bar area is understated and upscale at the same time. I went for happy hour and truly enjoyed the options. I went with the ZuZu Senorita which was a signature cocktail while my friend got the sparkling wine, both $4. I liked my drink but the rim needed salt and perhaps a little less tequila (it was a very HAPPY hour). We each ordered a side. I got the prime rib dip and she orded the pretzels with chips and cheese. Each of us were in food heaven. The prime rib dip came with an au jau sauce and had the most melt in your mouth cheese on top. The meet was fall off the bone good and the bread was perfect. Two little slices were enough to satisfy a happy hour hunger. I would def go back here for fancy drinks with a friend, hopefully grab a sit on the patio outside. Parking is complimentary valet and the car boys are very sweet.
4	This is inside the Valley Ho. Good brunch/lunch spot. They had a $5 dollar Bloody Mary bar- WHAT WHAT, amazzzinggg. Nice to sit outside on a nice 75 degree day and eat some good food.
2	We had such high hopes.Cafe Zuzu was a huge disappointment today.  The decor was the best part of the meal.  From a lethargic, disinterested waitress to a kitchen staff that required 45 minutes to serve undercooked food to the only table waiting for service in the restaurant, it was just a sad experience for our family.  After waiting 40 minutes, we approached the hostess for help with where our food might be.  Why the hostess?  Because our waitress had become completely invisible.  We looked but could not find her.  When the food did arrive, it came in spurts.  With three people serving, you'd think they could get all the food out at once.  Alas, they could not.  We all had to wait another 10 minutes until the entire party was served. Now for the food.  We ordered burgers, a sliced turkey dinner and some chicken fingers.  The burgers were the best of the lot, made with an excellent quality beef patty, delicious cheese and a tender bun.  The sliced turkey was god-awful horrid.  It clearly wasn't carved from anything resembling a real bird, but was some type of formed meat buried under a half cup of salty canned gravy.  An assortment of fresh steamed vegetables were the best thing on that plate.A side serving of mashed potatoes was another miss.  Clearly reconstituted, the potatoes were tasteless and without proper texture.  I've had better when visiting Grandma in the nursing home.The organic greens salad was excellent; not so for the torn iceberg salads which could have been made by a three year old.  The onion rings were greasy but good.  The wonderful salted dinner rolls were the hit of the night.  next time I visit Zuzu I may just buy a basket of bread.Now for the final insult, for some reason, our waitress served us room temperature water without ice.  Who does this?  Why?The management tried to make apologies for the kitchen, and we would accept them, if it weren't obvious that the problems with the food and service were not limited to our table.  Whoever is the manager of Cafe Zuzu, please take note:  you can do so much better.  We came for the wedge salad and great burgers and got "torn" iceberg (it was clearly chopped) and undercooked burgers that arrived cold.  Please, talk to your staff.  They're going to put you out of business if they keep performing like this when you're not in the building.Hope you do better for us next time.
4	So we were going to a show at Stand Up Scottsdale - and pulled our our trusty yelp app trying to find something within walking distance.  ZuZu was close enough that it was worth trying.  It took us a while to figure out how to get in (located near the lobby of the Valley Ho hotel) - but once we did, I had to shake my head as I thought I was stuck inside the movie Casino.  The decor / ambiance looked almost exactly like DeNiro & Sharon Stone's house in Vegas.  This instantly calmed me - much like warm milk.  Even though we only had about a half hour, the waitress made a couple spot-on recommendations (Beef Stroganoff & Pork Chop) - and after checking in on yelp we even got a free glass of house wine!  I'm not often in Scottsdale, but will be back due to the delicious food and retro ambiance.  Well played ZuZu, well played.
3	The twice cooked fries are awesome.The BBQ burger had good flavor, but was a little bit burnt on the outside.Service was nice, but we didn't find out we couldn't charge food to our rooms until after they brought the check for our group (wouldn't have been a big deal, except we had been allowed to do so the day before when we sat in smaller groups).
4	Great eatery inside the Valley Ho hotel. Their prime rib hash on the breakfast menu was delicious. The perfect send off before catching our flight back home. Love the feel and vibe of this place. Love their service and convenient location (for hotel guests at least). Love their hours and menu items. Oh, and love that their orange juice is called the HO-J. Right?!Enjoy!
5	Located in the Super Duper Valley Ho Hotel is Cafe ZUZU, just like stepping back in time, the decor is spot on with groovy tile tile, slick furniture, cool ass round booths, and bitchin' lighting.  The rock walls jutting in from the outside and the windows are reminiscent of the my home growing up.  The food was Delicious and the service was exceptional.  I had the ZuZu burger with fresh hand cut fries, I love a good burger and this did not disappoint.  The Chef thought my fry order was a little little light so he sent out more.  I just wish there were more places like this, paying attention to the details and service taking it from great to Fabulous.
5	This is a rare instance when I don't always think my meal is 5-star worthy, but I cannot drop a star.  I love ZuZu that much!  I don't go that often, but I'm always reminded why I should.  Actually, I'm reminded whenever I watch It's A Wonderful LifeI am finally learning that for dinner I should stick with the beef stroganoff.  As much as I have enjoyed other meals, I always miss having that sin on a plate.  And where else are you going to find that dish anymore?  My only criticism is sometimes they don't drain the noodles enough, and there's too much water in the bowl.  But even that can't ruin the rich mushroom sauce with the pint of sour cream on top just waiting for me to marry the two.  Enough for two meals!My 2013 resolution?  Go to ZuZu outside the month of December.
3	Food was okay - we got a handful of small plates. The shrimp and grits was very tasty but only two (albeit quite large) shrimp. The squash ravioli had undeclared goat cheese on top which flustered my girlfriend since goat cheese tastes like dirty gym sock to her. The iceberg blue cheese salad was really acidic and not good. The space is great however and I would give it another try.
5	It was a rainy weekend here in the Valley of the Sun, so we grabbed our umbrellas and walked over to the Valley Ho for breakfast.  And again, they out did themselves! The ambiance, the decor, the vibe and the staff were AWESOME!!I had the biscuits & gravy special, friend had a veggie omelet, coffee was perfect!!Best breakfast place in Old Town !!
5	Best brunch in old town...First off, the food is fantastic. Second, the hotel that its in is retro and really fun to go to.Third, during the summer, this place gets really busy because it has one of the best pools.Fourth, on sunday, they have a build your own bloody mary bar and the "absolute girls" sometime are there giving out free shots.
4	We stayed at Valley Ho and ate at Cafe ZuZu several days for breakfast.  I had their delicious thick Belgian waffle w/ sundried cherry butter.  Delicious!  That butter is something else.  Even their syrup was good.  Not too sweet.  Just right, IMO.  The ambiance is retro-60's.  Love it!  The staff was polite and fast with the food and coffee refills.  Convenient and good breakfast food.
4	Only been here twice but definitely going to be our new little getaway. Full bar with a nice wine list. They have a limited menu until midnight- appetizers, some salads, sandwiches, burgers, & couple entrees. atmosphere is great!
5	I've been coming to the Ho regularly since it reopened.  I frequent the bar, restaurant, spa, and/or pool area at least a few times a month - mostly for dinner or brunch.  The menu is mostly classic American fare set in a hip, relaxing environment.  The restaurant is perfect for any meal: breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, drinks, happy hour, special events- you name it, they got you covered.Brunch: I'm not a morning drinker, but the Bloody Mary bar looks lavish - you could make a meal out of that spread!  To continue the indulgence, try the stuffed french toast or poached eggs benedict.  The cheesy grits are another guilty pleasure. Lighter appetites will love the breakfast parfait or sliced fruit plate.  The fruit is always fresh and beautifully displayed. On Sundays (I think...it's changed over the years), ZuZu provides complementary, fresh-baked scones with your meal.Dinner: Like brunch, it's hard to go wrong.  Our fav's include the burgers, the chicken and penne, the artisan cheese plate, the orange and ginger crusted ahi, and the farm fresh veggie of the day (often I just order the veggie for dinner and steal fries from my BF).  The complementary dinner rolls are salty sirens of white bread goodness - take THAT you cruel, gluten-free world!  The ZuZu menu has evolved over time and for the better.  A few items we miss and would love to eat again include the happy hour BBQ spare ribs and the chocolate cupcake.The service at ZuZu is impeccable.  My only minor criticism is the hostess asks me if I'm a guest at the hotel and for last name EVERY single time I visit the restaurant.  If you keep putting my last name into the computer, can't you see how many times I've been there?  I don't expect special treatment, but a simple "good to see you again! " would be cool.  The one exception is Esther, who works in the restaurant and always chats with us when we come in.  Those little gestures mean a lot. Regardless we are TOTAL fans of Cafe ZuZu and the Valley Ho and recommend it highly to visitors and locals alike.  Thanks for making my neighborhood a better place!
5	No visit to AZ is complete without brunch at ZUZU!  I always splurge on an Ho-J---which is so good I'll never settle for an orange Julius again!  Never had a bad entree on their menu! Love this place!
4	Got some late night desserts after eating dinner from the Herb Box. Liked their banana cream pie and rich hot chocolate.
3	The food is above average. I ate breakfast consisting of a denver omelet. I went there again for lunch and got the zuzu burger. The burger was a little heavy and greasy, but good. The service could have been better both times. They were slow to bring me my bill the first time and they were slow with service overall tge second time. They were not even that busy. It is convenient though being on the property and worth going to especially if you are in a hurry.
3	Located inside the Hotel Valley Ho, this small restaurant is a pretty cool joint to grab some breakfast.  We've come here several times.  We enjoy the following items:Eggs Benedict, $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=fe0MFm8S3H5mgZTQVPs7mw#fe0MFm8S3H5mgZTQVPs7mwDenver Omelet, $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-zuzu-scottsdale-2?select=pGs1BJd4W0XzHK0uGzeYng#pGs1BJd4W0XzHK0uGzeYngThere's something about the decor of this place which I would describe as "retro cool".  Service is so/so, but generally good most of the time.Return Factor - 75%
4	Solid 4-star establishment. While the service is pretty hit or miss (shoutout to Molly, the awesome bartender and Bloody Mary master), the food is consistently above average with lots of options. When I'm feeling healthy, I opt for the Kale salad and Zuzu Smoothie. If I'm embracing the DGAF nature of vacation, I'm going for the stuffed brioche french toast. Great happy hour deals, excellent desserts (I had their coconut cream pie EVERY NIGHT I stayed at the Hotel Valley Ho recently), and enough variety to satisfy every type of palate. They make it pretty difficult to leave the resort grounds when food this tasty is right in the hotel.
5	Delicious food, thoughtfully prepared, in a cool, retro environment with fun, friendly staff. This time we came for brunch, which doesn't disappoint. We got the Short rib hash and florentine frittata, both of which were seriously yummy! Their breakfast quesadilla is our usual favorite, but we went outside the box and tried new yummy things. I can't think of anything I've had that isn't good, but I also know that they'll gladly exchange something if you don't like it. Love their Build your own Bloody Bar on the weekend! $5, you choose your liquor, and them build away! Delicious and a fun experience :) We've also done their happy hour here - $3 champagne! $5 food! Fun crowd! One of my favorite different happy hours in town. They offer a Monday night Chefs Table once a month as well. Although the price seems steep at first, it's a really neat experience. For $52 (the last time we did it) a person, you get a four-course meal, designed around the featured winery or brewery for the month. Representatives from the winery tell you about the wines you'll be having, and Chef Wiley and Chef Sean explain the food choices as well all in all, an intimate exclusive feeling night. I've recommended Cafe Zuzu to a lot of people from out of town, and they just plain don't disappoint.
4	Cafe Zuzu, you've captured my attention. I've stayed at the HO a number of times and absolutely LOVE it, but hadn't dined at ZUZU. This time I finally did it, unfortunately the place was packed with spring breakers and the food service was slower than molasses, but we didn't let that ruin our morning and neither did our server, who quickly remembered my parents, who visit the VH often on their overnight trips to PHX. Anyway. What's not to love about their Classic All-American menu with delectable items ranging from healthy to not so healthy. And how about that Bloody Mary bar? Although I didn't partake in the Bloody Mary activities it was certainly fun to watch all the spring breakers curing their hangovers. Bottom line, the bar looks bomb. Next time, Mary! They've got all meals covered here: breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks and happy hour.There's nothing better than enjoying a meal in an awesome setting, and VH offers that too. It's a hip and modernized retro kind of place. It's comfortable and relaxing. You can sit indoors or out on the patio. I opted for a healthy breakfast and regret not ordering the eggs benedict, but a two hour ride home followed breakfast and I didn't want to go home with a full stomach, so next Benny! My two sunny side up eggs with quite possibly some of the best breakfast potatoes ever, were perfect. Smoked salmon on the side was tasty too. My cappuccino was less than perfect, but I've had coffee at ZUZU before and have never been impressed, so no shocker there.I love VH, so I love ZUZU too. Even though it took about forty minutes for our simple breakfast to come out....I forgive you....it was CRAZY packed. I can't wait for my next visit. Saving room for the bloody mary bar and eggs benedict.
5	In reply to Jesse T.:I actually have been to the Friday night happy hour and really enjoyed it. Same great food, fun band by the pool AND it was a romantic ambiance with the fires going. Thanks for the reminder!
5	About half of San Francisco descends on Scottsdale in March for spring training games so I made it a point to make a reservation here way ahead of time, sight unseen. From the outside, I wasn't sure if I wanted to have a meal at a motel, but once inside I'm glad we followed through. it was my dad's birthday so all the retro charm actually served up some good memories for him when he saw interiors like this the first time. I'm used to small plates meaning "several plates til you feel full." Here that meant two plates. The dressing on the kale salad took away any inherent bitterness and the lamb sausage had a great spice to it. The almond cake was moist and easily divvied up between us.
4	What a great restaurant.  We sat outside on the patio.  I had the tenderloin.  Others had some small plates (sausage, ahi) and the salmon special.  Everything was very good.  Great value.  My only small complaint is in the cocktail preparation - we had a couple of drink specials and they were not special.  The flavor was weak just not memorable.  I will be back for the food though, but next time I'll have a glass of wine or a beer with dinner.
5	The food at ZuZu is consistently high quality and fantastic.  I had not stayed at the Valley Ho for a few years and last time i was there i dined at Trader Vics which is gone now...  But wow as i impressed  - the food is tremendous.  From simple food by the pool to breakfast, lunch or dinner. All great,I have been telling my friends that live in Scottsdale to make a special trip over to enjoy a great meal - not what you would expect at a hotel ..Don't miss it!
2	Food is good but service is terrible. Three times now we have had the same old, trashy looking waitress. My boyfriend hit the nail on the head when he said "'Uhh, she should be working at a WAFFLE HOUSE. Not at the Valley Ho!"We made reservations and they said they would do something special for our anniversary. They did nothing, the service was horrible, and the waitress looked like she was doped up on tranquilizers. She didn't smile once, or even seem nice. Awful.
4	Beautiful retro inspired atmosphere with a comforting yet playful menu.Outstanding items include the pork chop, grilled salmon salad, and seared ahi salad. I've been here almost a dozen times over the past year and each time, the dishes are fresh and well prepared. The lunchtime wait staff tends to be a lot of new employees in training (or at least that's what I observed), but the service is still acceptable despite of this.
3	My husband and I brought my mom here when she was visiting to grab breakfast. They were a bit unorganized. The food was okay, but the service was pretty slow (constantly had to flag down someone for refills of coffee), but they were nice.
5	Great happy hour!
5	Ok, I might be a little biased with this one. Only because I live right across the street and I would hate for any staff that know me from being there 5-6 days a week see a so-so review when I'm sure they have more than one incriminating incident to share about my frequent stumbles home from such great happy hours or late night keep-the-party-going visits. Anyway...The food is outstanding, drinks are delicious, different and reasonably priced, and the bar tenders (who at this point are friends) are fun to be around. Definitely a cool/swanky place to unwind. The boyfriend seems to like to grab lunch on saturday afternoons when the pool party is going on. Wonder why. You're welcome, gentlemen. Stop in for the Blackened Shrimp, the Tuscan Kale Salad, or some happy hour apps. You wont be disappointed.
4	HH: Good drinks but food options were so-soBreakfast:  The food was ok, waitress was confused with our request to substitute pork with chicken...
4	Love the ZuZu.  Everything from the atmosphere to the food.  Not to mention their awesome happy hour -- pretty sure it goes until 7 pm, which is longer than most in Scottsdale.  My fiance and I live down the street from ZuZu, but never tried it out for the longest time as it's connected to the Valley Ho Hotel and semi-hidden.  I wish we would have tried it sooner to know what we were missing.  They have something for everyone whether you want a fun cocktail, an appetizer or a full meal.  We always eat in the bar area - it has a great retro vibe with funky chairs and fun wall decor.  I'm a fan of their bramble (gin + lemon & blackberry) and the sangria.  At happy hour, their drinks are only $5.  As for food, I love their seasoned fries, I believe they have some sort of garlic powder on them, and they are served with a delicious chipotle aioli.  Very difficult to stop eating the fries once you start.  I also loove the chicken quesadilla, which comes stuffed with mango and jalapenos + sides of sour cream, guac & salsa - amazing combination!  The burger is also pretty killer.  Be sure to get the one with bacon and BBQ sauce, it's finger-licking good.  My fiance and I have only had dinner at the ZuZu once, we tend to keep it as a happy hour spot.  If you're looking for a fun place to start your evening, or to unwind after work, check out Cafe ZuZu!  PS - Wine Wednesdays are also a great hit for HH.  The first time my fiance and I ever visited ZuZu was on a Wednesday, and they were serving Silver Oak for only $5 a glass.  If you know anything about wine, you know that Silver Oak is a very nice wine, sold at Costco for at least $75 a bottle, or upwards of $150 a bottle at a restaurant.  $5 a glass at ZuZu was insane and probably what started our love affair with the joint.
5	I LOVE ZUZU & the Hotel Valley Ho!  It seriously feels like a step back in time - to the 70s (or what I would imagine the 70's would be like) every time I come here. I brought my best friend from out of town here for brunch and we had a great experience. First off- we were sat at a comfy booth inside and given water. The server took our drink order (mimosas) and came back with OUT OF THIS WORLD chocolate chip scones! They were delicious and we ate every crumb. My friend ordered the eggs benedict and I got the red velvet waffle. I tried her eggs benedict and it was awesome. My waffle was good- just a bit of a sugar overload since we had had the scones. I can't wait to go back to ZUZU!!!
1	I am a Sunday VHo Pool Loyalist. 20x this summer. Everybody always rants and raves about ZuZu. So I had some friends in town and we decided to go there pre-pool time. We added our name to the wait list. 40 minutes later we sat. (it could have been sooner, but they were understaffed and couldn't clean tables).  The hostess, reluctantly, took us to a table, in mid room. Didn't wait for us, just ran over, placed the menus and pointed out the table. OUCH. Upon sitting, there were 4 of us and 2 setups. Which is fine, but when you ask the busser/runner for 2 more and water and they have no clue what you are talking about, it get's a bit frustrating. So, 18 minutes later and still our table had not been touched by anybody other than a dropped loaf of bread - Again (4 people, 2 napkins, 2 waters, etc)  -  At minute 25, we decided to split and get some pool side eats (which never disappoint). Upon our exit, still never spoken to or acknowledged, we walked out towards the pool. I saw the MOD ((Manager on Duty) maybe) and the hostess working on tables outside (not guests, just adjusting tables). I stated a bit about what happened. Sadly, They reacted like dears in headlights. "sorrrrrrrrry".  Anway, I know s*** happens and people have bad days. Word of advice: Staff, especially front desk "the first and last face we see" should be clean and appear happy. Second, staff accordingly. You can always cut. Again, I hate writing bad reviews. Luckily the VHo hotel and pool have great staff, and locations are clean and always a good time. I will try ZuZu again. but maybe not a weekend as to not feel bad that the hostess and servers have to work after a night out.
4	This was a blast from the past! Not only is this a great option for people staying at the hotel connected to it (which gave me complimentary valet service!) it has a great atmosphere and food to boot!          I met my former Yelp boss, Aimee K, for breakfast here this morning and absolutely loved the vintage retro vibe. I was waiting for go-go dancers, a disco ball and some Saturday Night Fever, but seeing Aimee was good enough for me!         Service can be a wee bit slow, but we were also chatting up a storm and I think she was trying to give us time to catch some air in between sentences.    The coffee was good and refills with this and water were endless and attentive. I ordered the Garden Fresh Veggie Omelet with egg whites and must say it was pretty splendid! The oven roasted tomatoes were so sweet and literally burst in my mouth while the squash and basil complimented the goat cheese very nicely. The goat cheese was whip-like, super creamy and oozed out tastily.       The breakfast potatoes were delicious, but I only let myself have a couple (trying to behave around my obsession with food is difficult!) And this also comes with toast and homemade preserves.      This should not be overlooked simply because it is connected to a hotel, this restaurant brings its own awesomeness to the table!
5	As if the Valley Ho wasn't great enough, they had to go ahead and slap on one of the best restaurants I've ever seen attached to a hotel. ZuZu made my stay even better, and I found myself sitting in the colorful, swanky lounge quite a few times. Service is so friendly and fast, and the server we had both mornings I had breakfast there could not have been better. Coffee comes out right away and is strong and flavorful, and they have a ton of other drink options. You can get a latte or espresso, and they even have a drink made by blending OJ with ice cream. I was trying to be "good" on this trip or I would have indulged in that last one...My favorite menu item for breakfast is the garden veggie omelet, complete with oven roasted tomatoes, squash, basil, and goat cheese. I added spinach, and subbed tomatoes and avocado for the potatoes (although those damn potatoes are amazing.) The second time I had breakfast over there, I tried the eggs benedict, which was some of the best I've ever had. I also had some menu items sent to my room a couple of times, and can't rave about them enough. The beet salad gets five stars, the guacamole gets five stars, and so does the cheese plate... which officially earned the title of 'best cheese plate of all time.' If you don't believe me, take a look at my photos.Fantastic drink list, fun atmosphere, GREAT food, and wonderful service. ZuZu made leaving the Valley Ho more painful than it already was!
5	Another comfort place for me. Cafe Zuzu/Valley Ho, I can say, was my first hospitality love in Arizona. The food is always delicious. I am a huge fan of comfort and seasonal which Zuzu never disappoints on either. The atmosphere is always chill and the staff goes above and beyond to make you feel like royalty. They do a great brunch, have nice outdoor seating, delicious cocktails, and beautiful grounds. You will not be disappointed with your experience here.
5	This has got to be the best hotel bar/restaurant ever!  The food is impressive, but not too fancy.  The drinks are creative and classic.  Great happy hour specials!  I love this place!  Never have I felt so comfortable in a hotel lounge area.  When I am relaxing with friends and enjoying my cocktail, I feel like I am in my best friend's (with great taste in mid-centruty decor) living room.  In that sense, it is the perfect accompaniment to or extension of our hotel room.  Truly a home away from home and still a special treat at the same time.Truth be told, I may be slightly biased as my husband and I got married at HVH a few years ago, however, we have been back to enjoy ZuZu and to stay at the hotel several times and never have I been disappointed.  ZuZu is the perfect venue for hanging out, whether it is after the most perfect wedding reception on the rooftop or an early morning family brunch.We typically sit in the bar/lounge area.  There or from the bar you can order from the full food menu.  Bloody Marys and breakfast, brunch, lunch, and late night snacks, we've had it all.  The dip on the HH menu is the best deal yet, and my favorite lunch (or light dinner) is the chopped salad with a side of mac'n cheese.  Hubby loves the ZuZu burger and gets it at least once every trip; a new tradition that started on our wedding night!  But that's another story . . .
4	I love this place! It's super cute, great drinks (I always get the Ricky Ricardo) and good food. I literally go here every year for my birthday, I've tried to change venues but I can't seem to rip myself away from this place. My only complaint is that they no longer serve the meatloaf... As far as meatloaf goes, it was pretty amazing.
2	My friends and I have always loved the Happy Hour in the bar but I was disappointed last night to find out the menu has changed and our favorite beef and horseradish sandwich is no longer offered. My friend and I sat at the bar and we were surprised when the bartenders ignored us after they had served our beers. We finally had to ask for some food and although we both tried different items from the new menu, they did not compare.Maybe it was because it was Friday night, but it was extremely noisy with people standing in a group or leaning across us to order at the bar. I have sat there many times before and have not had that experience but it seemed this group of young people were very loud.Sorry to say I will have to mark this off my list of places to take my friends and to stop extolling its virtues to the people I meet.
5	The best breakfast in Scottsdale.  Wonderful service and excellently prepared and served food.  Try the eggs Benedict , cheesy grits or omelette.  Why look further for wonderful food and service.  They seem to provide that "something extra!  You will love this place.
5	We love, love, love this spot for Sunday breakfast when we stay at the Hotel Valley Ho. The scones are delish, as well as everything else we have tried on the menu. The service was fabulous as well!
4	Love this place!!! They have an amazing happy hour, with prices you can't beat! Great atmosphere and really helpful staff! Sometimes the cocktails are a little off so I've decided to stick to wine when I go there but this is a great neighbor spot that I think some locals miss out on!
4	While I never know what to expect from a hotel restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised by how good of experiences I had at ZuZu. At the hotel for four days, I had breakfast here twice, and also enjoyed lunch on two separate occasions (though at the pool rather than in the restaurant itself). All meals were pretty dang tasty, and the price was right. Let me tell you this: I am pretty obsessed with eggs benedict. When I saw the California Benedict ($13.00) on the ZuZu breakfast menu, I knew its destiny was to be in my belly. In liue of the traditional canadian bacon, it is served with avocado, tomato and spinach. While I guess you could argue that this makes it healthier (and thus more 'California' than a typical benny), when I scraped every last drop of decadent hollandaise off of my plate I certainly didn't feel like it was health food. Instead, I was indulging in one of the bests benedicts I've enjoyed in recent memory. It was so good, I had it for both breakfastsFor my poolside lunches I tried two different meals: The Famous ZuZu Burger ($12.50) and their turkey club. the ZuZu burger was stellar, with crispy bacon, balsamic onions and Maytag bleu cheese. It was cooked pretty much to my liking (maybe a TOUCH over the requested medium rare) and made me a very happy camper. Served with pesto mayo, the turkey club ($12.00) was good but not really all that memorable. I opted to upgrade to fries on the side, which cost me $2. I thought that was pretty weak, as fries are such a basic side, and they weren't fantastic fries by any means. Service seemed fine at the restaurant, though sometimes a bit inattentive. I mean, nothing to get worried about and it's probably good for me to be reminded to slow down on occasion, but still sometimes I just want the check, you know? As with everything at hotel Valley Ho, I'm ultimately quite impressed with ZuZu and look forward to being able to return.
5	What a fun little joint this is! During my recent stay at Hotel Valley Ho, I was able to check out this bar on two separate occasions. One evening we enjoyed the happy hour cocktails while enjoying the lively ambience of the patio. Our sweet server even brought us out an extra cocktail when a spare one had been made at the bar. On the second night, some colleagues and I shared a bottle of wine in the lobby after an evening out on the town. It was such a fun and low-key place on a Tuesday night at 9 or 10 pm. I'm there are many times when this place is absolutely riotous, but it was the perfect speed for me to catch up with colleagues from all over the continent. I think the bar is one of the very best parts of staying in this hotel! Have your last drink (or two) just steps from your room? Yes, please!
5	ZuZu is the utterly fabulous hotel bar/restaurant in my favorite hotel of all time, so how can I not grant them 5 stars? Expect more of that Mid Century vibe you encounter in the glorious hotel lobby continuing through ZuZu's chill lounge and restaurant's interior. The dining room is large and sports some comfy round booths, which I love, and the patio is the perfect place to enjoy your meal alfresco. I've spent time in the lounge, too (of course I did), which is very swank 60s jetsetting into the future. I like. I very much like. Heck, the Hotel Valley Ho is the stuff of architectural and design genius in its entirety. I wouldn't expect anything less of ZuZuAlthough on the whole, the staff ranges from decent (yet maybe not the most on the ball when it comes to remembering that you've asked for something) to totally on it, I have to give special props to Sharon, who's the best breakfast waitress, like, ever! You could swear that she's purposely conjuring up the no-nonsense but loving vibe you'd expect from Madge at the diner back in the day, but no, there's nothing contrived about her. She's an absolute asset to this restaurant and stands out as someone you'll be recommending that people request when they are planning to visit.Onto the food: I hate eggs and rarely if ever eat them, but I'll be damned if I didn't order that garden veggie omelet three times (egg whites only) on my past two stays. It's super fluffy and stuffed with seasonal veggies and goat cheese. Perfection! Side of grits, yes, please!!!A special note: What happened to that spectacular cheese plate?! No, seriously, I was looking forward to returning just for that and now it's apparently no longer on the menu. Sadness! Read Aimee K's review for the deets on this plate. We were both incredibly disappointed to learn of the menu update. I'm not even going to tell you about how amazing it was because I don't want you to get your hopes up. But for the love of god, please, pretty please, ZuZu put it back on the menu!I don't know if they do the same Happy Hour in the fall (I didn't see mention of it?) as they did in the middle of the summer but I felt it was outstanding. Cheap glasses of wine and specially-priced apps (including, *sob* a smaller version of the aforementioned cheese plate). Roooooom service!!!! As in 24-hours! Another perk of staying at the Ho. It's prompt, and friendly and well, you can't argue with a good guac. It's the side of sauteed spinach, however, that still has my mouth watering. And memories of that cheese plate enjoyed back in July.Sigh. I really need to get over it.
5	How fantastic is this restaurant!? I guess you're reading this review to find out. Let me tell you, it's the most fantastic-est ever! Hotel Valley Ho describes itself as  "mid-century modern" and "urban," which you'll agree with once you experience the wonderful architecture, furnishings, and brilliant colors all about. ZuZu is no exception to the theme. From their bar to their patio umbrellas to their coffee mugs, you'll fall in love with the warm, retro vibe going on. Now this menu isn't cheap, but it isn't crazy pricey either. They feature fresh and local produce when possible, and the menu revolves around classic American favorites "with a modern twist." You'll find everything from gourmet sandwiches, to burgers, to beef stroganoff, to filet mignon, to casseroles. Great wine menu as well, in addition to classic and original cocktails. The breakfast menu is equally as phenomenal with gorgeous omelets, pancakes, french toast, salmon and more. Let me tell you about what I ordered. For breakfast, I went with the gluten free french toast which was 100% incredible. It's stuffed with lemon cream-cheese (just a hint of lemon, nothing crazy) and topped with fresh berries and maple syrup. Good god. It was breathtaking! I also had a mushroom omelet which was stuffed with spinach and sharp cheddar cheese... can't go wrong there. I had GF toast on the side with ZuZu's house made apricot jelly. Delish. For dinner, I enjoyed the roasted spaghetti squash. Don't knock it til you try it... Have you ever had spaghetti squash? It's amazing and served atop braised greens, tomatoes, and covered in a Parmesan crust and toasted pine nuts. Does that not sound like perfection? Because it is.Make sure you come in the evening and sit outside by the enormous fire. There are plenty of couches and the service here at ZuZu is outstanding. Don't miss out!
5	Been here for brunch twice in the last while and it has been awesome. Service is good and each item I've had and the others with me were great. Very laid back. Great for Sunday brunch
4	Eggs, tomatoes, gruyere, lettuce, all on toasted sourdough with accompanying roasted potatoes sounds and looks like the perfect post-party breakfast cure, but on the morning I dined at ZuZu, my eyes were apparently much more ambitious than my stomach. After not eating ONE bite of my plate, the manager came out to make sure everything was alright. Of course it was, I'm just the idiot that ordered the delicious food and couldn't bring myself to eat it. She offered for me to pick something else out, but at the point, nothing was going to happen for me. Although it might seem weird to review a place where one didn't actually manage to eat anything, I thought the service and the fact that they reached out to make sure everything was okay was worth mentioning. I did manage to nibble on those potatoes and, man, I'd be tempted to order just a plate of those next time They were greasy enough, and hearty bites full of carbs. I have to take this time to say, our server was very yelly, and I wasn't the only person to notice. It was pretty disturbing to overhear everything each table was ordering, but I know she was just trying to be clear. It was in all honesty, startling every time she opened her mouth. Just plain loud. Despite that, she was really helpful in rearranging some tables and our accommodating our group as it grew throughout the morning. Can't wait to come back on an empty stomach and indulge here!
4	This place is fabulous. Try the ZuZu burger, better than most, the chefs have excellent attention to detail. Ambiance is a splash of the Jetsons mixed with the Brady Bunch on vacation. Bar looked nice, sexy, tattoo'd clientele, beer selection was average but the menu cocktails were 100% originals. Recommended.
4	Great breakfast. Lots of healthy options and prices are reasonable. Friendly servers and don't feel rushed.
4	Okay, first I must say how unacceptable it is that I have never been here in my 30 plus years living in Phoenix. My BBF lives right down the street and I have passed by the darn place for years. Was so mad I missed the reinvention of "Vics" when it was open here for a bit. I cried when I heard it closed. Well it was nice to finally visit and eat here beyond the Grilled Cheese and Mac and Cheese throw down of course. (They beat my friend's husband but I won't hold that against them. My friend thinks I should though--JK --;o)-- not really, but sort of. lol)Well this place has a lot of cheese and fish on the menu so I had a hard time deciding what to eat since I am not a fan of either. I so wanted to try their specialty burger but I despise Blue Cheese. A big sigh, since it sounded so great, all other ingredients considered.  I finally decided on the Kale salad with chicken and a side of fries. It was pretty good.  The bread they serve is yummy too. I loved their fries. The sauce they serve with it is Delish!We went here last night with my NY club and to celebrate a wedding that took place over the summer. I can not speak more highly of the delightful waitress. Sorry I did not get her name but she is an ASU student who has a father that is a professor. Gooooo Sun Devils!  I want to thank her for her kindness. ( she knows why) All the staff that I ran into were superb and friendly. The bar staffers were efficient and helpful, ( Mytry-lol) even the front desk folks gave us a big wave as we exited the place. The Valet said not one word about my messy car so that deserves a shout out in itself. In all that rain I felt a tad bad for them last night. I love the retro feel of the lobby and patio area. I can just imagine Frank and Marilyn walking outside.  The restaurant is a bit on the pricey side for those watching pennies but pretty equivalent to the other places to eat in Scottsdale. In conclusion, I would like to go back again and perhaps book a Staycation.
4	What a great happy hour!  We tried the green chili pork which was delish, we couldn't stop eating it until it was gone!  The bartender recommended that we try the mac n cheese because the chef had won an award for it.  It was really good as well but I am a big fan of the green chili pork.  I will def be back!
4	I'm pasting the same comment four times so it posts as a review and not as a tip.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.
4	my wifes company has their Christmas party here at the hotel. They were amazing they dedicated an area in front by the fire pit and brought us some amazing cocktails not entirely happy about their version of A old fashioned. But the experience in the atmosphere was very classy. At dinner service was good we had a huge table of 14 people. Beef barley vegetable soup was very hearty and delicious. The Cornish game hen the way it was prepared was excellent and for dessert I had the lemon meringue tart that was amazing I pretty much ate the whole thing.
5	I had dinner last night and it was delicious! They bring out these awesome parker house rolls which are warm and delicious! We ate inside and the ambiance was very nice, they also have a great patio to sit on with a fire place lit during the evening. I had their special, which was the beef tenderloin with mashed potatoes and asparagus with some type of a demi glaze sauce. My friend had the Gala Burger and that thing was on point! The meat was delicious with the bacon jam and arugula made it tasty! We had Kate as our server and she is so nice and friendly! Will be coming back again!
5	Came back to the Valley Ho last weekend and had a very nice dinner at ZuZu.  The happy hour deals are great.  Had a delicious margarita and the green chili.  Very tasty.  Then the Gala Burger for dinner.  So much food I couldn't finish it.  The cocktails were great this time around.  We'll be back next time we're in Scottsdale.
5	I really love this place. We came for Christmas dinner with our family (2nd time doing that, by the way).  The service was impeccable, the food was scrumptious, and the atmosphere was very welcoming and serene.  The holiday menu was fabulous, but being pregnant there are only so many things I can/want to eat right now.  But for the holiday they had the regular menu available along with the holiday menu.Our server was great, but very busy.  She had a lot of tables but she was easy to track down if we needed something.I can't wait to come back for brunch.
5	Every week or so we try out a different restaurant. Today it was Zuzu at the Valley Ho. What a nice experience! Comfortable booths and chairs, charming retro decor, great service and very good food. Loved the hot scones brought to the table shortly after we sat down. Our omelet and Eggs Benedict were tasty and my companion really liked the potatoes that came with his meal. We will definitely come again.
5	Great restaurant and certainly recommended as a must see and do when in Scottsdale. The atmosphere can be best described as 60's retro. I highly recommend the Beef Stroganoff. Our server, Kate, was the best part of our meal.
4	My bf and I decided to come here for Sunday brunch. It was absolutely delicious. He ordered the stuffed French toast with a side of spicy turkey sausage and I ordered the red velvet waffle with berries. All dishes were amazing. Before delivery of our meal they served us fresh chocolate/cherry scones. The scones were perfect. Our waitress was pleasant and tentative to our needs. We recommend Sunday brunch here.
4	Ambience five star Cocktails five starsService five starsFood three starsWe had a great time enjoying a strll around the very Retro Valley Ho.  We enjoyed Zuzu's ambience and hanging out in the lounge having a cocktail ...the dining room was exquisite...BUT the food was lacking. There were three of us.  We ordered the roasted butternut squash, the shrimp entree and a Caesar salad with grilled chicken breast... We all felt the food was average at best.Enjoy a cocktail the lounge, but our recommendation is to go somewhere else for dinner.
1	Not cool waited forever the waitress threw the kitchen under the buss all through service. Food was ok but they need to space out the tables wait staff is overwhelmed
3	The food was ok. Not much of a big menu selection either. Ended up here cause the place I originally wanted to go to was closed on New Years Day.  Even though a certain site that starts with a Y and ends with a P that will remain nameless told me that it was open.  I will agree with other Yelpers about the ambiance being really cool. I'll go check it out again if I happen to be in the area and others places are packed. But I honestly don't see any reason to go there again.
5	Had lunch here for work and really enjoyed the Ahi Tuna Salad.  It was so fresh and delicious! My coworker ordered the Rubin sandwich and said it was very good! Def going back for dinner!
2	It's a shame. Disappointed.  I wish they would stop changing the Happy Hour menu.In my opinion, they used to have the best HH menu in all of AZ.  They have now changed it yet again, doubled in prices, and the selections were unworthy.  Not sure why they always try to fix what is not broken.Please bring back the Chicken Drumettes with the honey bourbon sauce, the Artisan Grilled Cheese with the brie and fig jam, and The Prime Rib Dip which was to die for.
4	We had a GREAT breakfast at ZZ.  Patio is wonderful and food was equally good.  Apple pancakes, French toast, breakfast sandwich and the Mexican dish were all great.  Service was a little slow but it was lovely morning so who really cares?!?  Go and enjoy!
1	Very disappointing!!! We went for Easter lunch and everything was awful. Bad service & bad food!!! Kale salad with salmon was blah & salmon was not cooked. Shrimp cocktail had no flavor & were not cleaned properly...yuck!!! Dry French toast & served without maple syrup. When the syrup finally came the toast was cold! Eggs Benedict was okay but nothing to rave about. Would not recommend!!!
5	great service!
3	I have eaten here alot..#1 Bartenders & Wait Staff could not be better....The only 2 entree's that are consistent are the Burger, always a dry bun though. The Filet Mignon. They also have these great onion rings. I wish they could do some thin French-Fries also.....The other items I have ordered are great sometime. Then you order the same entree again and it is awful. The soup's are always over the top...And I mean where did they get these recipe's? The Shrimp Cocktail tastless and dry....The grilled cheese sandwich?? Gee I like grilled bread w/ arugula.....Ahi Tuna Sliders what was this? They need to bring some Classic Menu items to their menu. i.e. Prime-Rib w/ just plain AuJus.....How about Shrimp-Scampi ? I could write some more "Classic" entree's......They need to re-think their entrees , "It just need's to be changed up......
1	I hope the food is good. I don't know if I'll ever get to taste it. The place is empty... I waited 20 minutes for their famous Ho J just to hear they were "out of the ingredients". Now, back to my eternal wait for our food. Oh, and my wife has asked for sugar for her coffee... 4 times! Disaster.
4	I stopped in here to order a beverage while my friends were enjoying the live tunes at the poolside happy hour. Fast service and tasty beverage.
5	Stayed at the hotel and had to try this place out. The California eggs Benedict was so delicious and I will definitely be back to the hotel and this restaurant
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The atmosphere will put you into a completely different time warp! The food by Chef GARCIA is mouth watering! Trust me...order the MUSSELS!!!
4	I would say kudos for the management here.  This is a spacious restaurant catering to various crowds, events and people at a resort hotel.  People arrive in various numbers and degrees of dress and attitude.  They couldn't have been more pleasant and we dined there, including breakfast and cocktails, 3 times, and someone always remembered us.  We did not have perfection.  We had to wait for a server.  But they were so gracious and apologetic that they more than made up for it with what they "brought to the table" so to speak and literally afterwards.  They really wanted us to be happy and worked to get us in their favor again, and they succeeded.  I will say that although the menu might look blandly traditional, they do a wonderful job bringing the best traditional dishes to full flavor.  I had the best filet mignon I've ever had there; and following for breakfast, had the best scones I'd ever had.  I was thoroughly impressed and it really was a highlight of the stay and of the hotel itself.
5	My inaugural Yelp post! Yes, I did it for the free wine w/ check-in... Ha! Truffled grilled cheese, CA Benedict, homemade potato chips all exxxxcellent. Alyssa is a great server. Really all was perfect.
5	When we venture to The Valley Ho we're never disappointed. We joined Chef Chuck Wiley for the Monday night Chef's Table. The atmosphere was fun as usual, and the staff went above and beyond to make guests really enjoy themselves. The menu was delicious, and the wines that were paired really complimented every course. ZuZu is always consistent, and for that we'll always be returning guests!
4	I am beyond excited to be writing about ZuZu for my inaugural Yelp review!  Ok, maybe I'm late to the party on this one, but what a great little surprise to find in Scottsdale! It's at the Valley Ho which makes you feel somewhat cliche, retro and chic to even be there.  The bar area is a great place to hang out, grab a drink after work and watch all of the characters of Scottsdale parading through.  I went on a Monday night and it was very quiet, but I can imagine how it picks up on the weekends with the pool scene.  Here's the rundown...Happy Hour...great deals on food and drinks and it goes until 7pm!  It's rare these days to find a HH that goes until 7pm, so I'm already a fan.Service...our waiter was great and the perfect mix of helpful, funny, but not overbearing.  I always appreciate a waiter who gives honest opinions of menu items and doesn't just say he loves it all.  He was very personable and happy to let us just hang out and take our time. Food...Truffle Fries - great but won't change your life...it's a great snack to share with the table but don't jeopardize another decision for the truffle fries.  Grilled Cheese - delish!  It comes with truffle, arugula and roasted tomatoes so it isn't your classic grilled cheese.  The arugula flavor was a little overwhelming but I'm also not the biggest arugula fan.  The grilled cheese is cut into 3 cute little pieces so it's perfect for sharing with the table if you don't want to fully commit.Mussels - great and definitely worth ordering!  The mussels are extra large so you don't get as many pieces as usual.  The broth is unique with a coconut curry flavor and perfectly toasted bread for dipping.  Kale Salad - moved into my top 3 in phoenix!  I'm a big fan of kale salads and I've tried them all.  This kale salad falls in line after LGO and True Food.  It has pears, roasted tomatoes and bread crumbs to add the perfect finishing touch.  I hope this helps guide you a little and avoid menu anxiety at ZuZu! The rest of the menu looks equally amazing but I didn't have the space to try it all.  I'm looking forward to going back for brunch very soon to try the bloody mary bar and red velvet waffles!
4	I live accross the street from this establishment. It is very good. The Bartenders and service staff get a "10". The food is very good. But they go over the top w/ some of their entree's.......I think they need to study the menu from Eddie "V"'s, "Paul Martin's" and "Bandera". Hello Prime-Dip's? But no Prime-Rib on the menu? They need to do some 60's classic's. For instance The "Wedge of Lettuce" w/ Blue Cheese. The Hotel is Retro, how bout Retro entrees???? "Rack of Lamb" Now how hard is that? Main-Stream soups........The soup's are ALWAY's to over the edge! How about Shrimp-Scampi ? Like I said pick up on the above mentioned restaurants you might yes you might get a great insight to what you need to offer..... Here comes another review from me.........
5	Had to get the kale salad again, I just needed it.  I LOVE that salad! My Mom had the truffle grilled cheese and it was outstanding! I wasn't a fan of the twice cooked fries, they ended up being dried out.  Our waitresses were so friendly, and free valet was such a plus!
5	Love this place- awesome service and so many great options on the menu it's hard to choose!
5	My expectations for a hotel restaurant are always low. Let's be clear-I am the biggest pain in the butt when it comes to eating out. My husband can't stand it. So I came to Scottsdale on business and stayed at the Hotel Valley Ho. Last night, did the happy hour, bar thing and it was good! Today after a 12 hr working day, I decided to eat at the hotel. Kept it simple, which I always think execution is important for simple menu items. They just absolutely nailed it. Steak=10. Taters=10. Service??=10++Love this place and can't wait to return.
3	It's a hotel bar, so you might not even need to read the review. This is a complex 3-star rating. This place is a bit different than the regular hotel bars that people in Arcadia/N.Scottsdale seem to frequent. Mid-century modern architecture is nice to look at, and I could tell my girlfriend liked being in a fancier place for once. The happy hour is pretty great. And by great, I mean it moves the restaurant fare into an affordable hemisphere. Drinks become less than ten dollars and you can get some grilled vegetables for about six bucks more. Anything beyond appetizers will set you back dearly, but the cooking staff seemed to be competent (even though I wouldn't know, I only had some grilled veggies.) The hotel does a little wine-tasting/chef meeting event that costs about 60 bucks per person but would be really cool for people looking to do more than just pay out the nose for drinks and a steak elsewhere. This place lost a star for the (can't believe I'm going to say this) behavior of the wait staff. I heard more than a few of the people talking shit about customers seated outside or at the other end of the bar, and chatting about their personal lives with each other. I'm all about hating on dress codes and regulations at work, but you should know if the place you work at charges twelve bucks for a cocktail, a little more is expected of you. The bar has TV's but they are very poorly placed, just part of the difficulty of transforming an older spot into a newer attraction I suppose. If you aren't staying at the hotel, there are plenty of places I'd rather hit in the area.
5	Awesome place!
4	Service is average but great environment . Dinner menu is delicious and drink menu is good. Part of hotel valley Ho so highly recommended if staying at hotel
3	Came here for brunch. Food was OK but service was very bad: very very slow and missing part of our order that was pretty simple...
4	Loved this place! We sat outside by their fire pit & had dinner & drinks. The bartender Sean was very nice and recommended tasty drinks. Their HH is great. I had the tomato & goat cheese casserole and ate every last drop! It was very tasty! The ZuZu burger was very tasty as well. Comp valet was nice! The Valley Ho hotel is very trendy and cute! Will definitely visit again!!!
