1	Though the place just opened on 7-14-14 I had a horrible experience here. Waited 45 minutes for my food. Received no napkins, silverware or refills on drinks. The waitress only came to our table on three occasions. When I went to appeal my case, I was still asked to pay for my meal. We had to walk over to the waiters area to obtain our own chopsticks, napkins and straws. One of the worst places I've been to in the Charlotte area.
4	Been waiting for this place to open for a while. Went on a whim and wasn't disappointed. When I tell you the BROTH is amazing. It's AMAZING!!!!! If it wasn't so "oily" I guess it would be perfect. But I have nothing but good things to say. I'll def be back.
4	Good food for a very reasonable price. Close to the baseball stadium and not nearly as crowded as the other restaurants.
4	I've been to Pho Plus twice now and had good experiences both times.  It's been around for about a month I believe.  You can tell that the owners are still getting everything figured out but there were no major mishaps.We had good service for dinner both times when the restaurant was not busy at all.  I would describe the pho broth as being more sweet than I've had at other pho establishments.  I prefer the tangier broth at my favorite pho place on Independence, Pho Huong Que, but it's still good in its own way and you can doctor it up with Sriracha, hoisin, etc.  Protein portions are very generous.  I definitely intend to keep coming back.
5	Their Pho is extremely good. The broth has a home style taste to it versus commercial like some Pho places. If I don't have to use  hoisin sauce or sriracha for your Pho, then it's actually really good Pho...! The Banh Mi is really great as well. The portion size for the Banh Mi and Pho is priced really great as well. Will be coming back often.
4	Banh Mi and Pho Uptown? Well, sign me up.So far I've only had the pork sandwich with the Pate added. It was one the most delicious sandwiches I've had in a while. Caution though, it does pack a bit of a kick. But at $4.50, it is a steal!100% I'll be back. Especially when it is colder out. That warm Pho is going to hit the spot.
5	This place is AWESOME!   I work across the street, and I love coming here.  The Pho is very very good, and the service is just as nice.  They are very fast, friendly, and reasonably priced.  For $7 you can get a "small" bowl of pho... and when I say small, I mean you can barely finish it becuase it is SO big!  I would recommend this to anyone who loves pho or anyone who has never had pho.  You will LOVE it.
3	I'm tempted to give 4 stars for the location. But based on the food alone it's gets three.   I'm happy to have a pho place in Uptown that I can walk to in a couple of minutes from office instead of having to get in my car if I get a Vietnamese craving during the work day. The food is fine. The service is good. And the place is clean. That said, if this establishment were next door to Ben Thanh or Vietnam Grille (just to name a couple) I probably wouldn't come back. That's not to say that it is by any means bad. It's just that I feel there are better Vietnamese restaurants in town. But because of the convenience of the location, I will keep coming back.
5	Great food--I had the grilled pork vermicelli--and friendly and attentive service. I really loved their spring rolls. I'll definitely come back when I'm in town!
3	The pho was good and broth was tasty. They have the menu decently priced. I got the pho, P1, with steak, meatballs and brisket. The service was a little on slower side during lunch time. I would come back for the pho and next time try the banh mi.
4	This place is a VERY welcomed and much needed addition to Uptown! It replaces a horrible "Chinese" place with a far superior restaurant. Came for lunch and it was almost empty....by the time we were done it was jam packed.....here's why.First, my buddy got their Pho. And it was delicious. Hearty soup, lots of flavors but no cilantro that we could detect. That could be an improvement. Then I had the V3 combo that had grilled pork, shrimp and a spring roll. Folks, THEIR PORK IS TO DIE FOR! It's what Asians call "skinny pork," meaning sliced thin, marinated in a not too sweet glaze and quickly grilled. God is it SOOOOO good! Shrimp was decent and spring roll was tasty.Next time I'm getting their version of the Bahn Mi, loaded with that awesome pork!
3	I have been to Pho Plus on several occasions and noticed that their customer services have improved since they opened.  While the Pho and Banh Mi is DECENT the meat content is on the low side.  I wish they would include more meat in the Pho and Banh Mi.  The price is very similar to other Pho and Banh Mi restaurants, but the meat is lacking.  Maybe they rent is higher and they cannot afford to put too much meat in their products.  If that was the case, increase the price a little bit.  Alot of us do not mind a higher price so long as the products are up to par.  So for now, if I want Pho i would go to Doan's Vietnamese restaurant off of South Boulevard.  For Banh Mi, I would go to Le's Sandwiches & Cafe off of North Tryon/Sugar Creek.  When I am downtown and desperate for some Vietnamese food, I would go to Pho Plus.  I hope they would change, as this place has lots of potential!!!
3	I was surprised to find a vietnamese restaurant in the center of downtown. I will definitely come back here as I absolutely love vietnamese food, as it is convenient to my work location. Though I would not count it among the best tasting of what I've tried, even in Charlotte.The spring rolls (cha gio) were good. If you want lettuce to wrap them for dipping into the fish sauce, you'll have to ask for it. I tried their sandwich (banh mi) and it was OK and the main reason for the 3 star rating, though if I could give half stars, I'd have given them 3.5 stars. If you're not familiar with banh mi, you'll think I'm too critical to say the sandwich contents were good but but was the bread that let me down. But in banh mi, the bread is very important. A nice crusty french bread roll with soft interior really makes for the experience. There is another vietnamese sandwich shop in town that excels at it. Next time I'll try their soup (pho). On a plus side, it is unusual for a Vietnamese restaurant to have BOTH banh mi and pho on the menu together. I don't know why but it's what I've noticed. I love dipping my banh mi into the pho broth. Next time.
4	I'm upgrading my review by a star because I think this restaurant deserves it. While the banh mi (sandwich) bread (yes, the bread is what I'm focused upon) isn't perfection, I think it's good. The contents are fine. But the pho (soup) and the vermicelli with grilled pork won me over. Their grilled pork is very tender and tasty!  The pho broth is good, too. I had expected a lesser quality broth given that they are primarily a quick lunch crowd; like who's going to notice, right?  But I was more than satisfied with the taste of both dishes. And the ambience with the soothing classical music makes for a nude respite during the work day. If you want quieter seating, go sit at the tables upstairs. Great job, guys!
4	Finally! A place that serves pho in Uptown Charlotte! I got the small size for my pho, which was a perfect amount for lunch and the price is good. Service is also friendly. Not bad at all. I definitely see myself becoming a regular here.
5	If you're reading this review right now, and Pho Plus is open, drop what you're doing, quit your job, divorce your husband/wife, and walk -- no, RUN there as fast as you can to go get their pork Bahn Mi sandwich.  The rest of the menu is essentially irrelevant.  Those sandwiches is so damn good.
4	this place is a lil hidden gem if u love viet food.  pho is good and the broth flavorful but the real surprise is the bahn mi sandwiches.  very good.  got the pork and added a lil pate...delish. I'll now crave one at least once a week.  def worth a try!
3	Not a good service day. I had three different servers come to my table. One interrupted my meal twice to replenish condiments but not ask if I wanted more water or if I needed anything else. One server told me they do not serve tea and another server had no problem bringing me a cup of tea. Huh?The meatballs in the Pho Beef were cold in the middle. In addition, the bread for the sandwiches is different from when I first ate there a few weeks ago. It's no longer a crusty baguette that is soft inside...it's now a very soft loaf. It's not bad. Just different.Once the lunch rush arrived I was forgotten and had to take my leftovers to the cashier to provide me with a container. Service here is always different based on the server working that day. This may be an issue for groups who are looking for quick efficient service during their short lunch break. You might find yourself frustrated.Overall, the food is good and very affordable. It's best to carryout if you plan to go between 11:30a - 1p. Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	I think I may have suffered a bit from lofty expectations after reading my fellow yelper's reviews.  Hearing about the greatest sandwich since the Earl himself invented it, I had to try it.  And it was good.  No where near mind-blowing however, and certainly not the best sandwich available in uptown.The Pho is also pretty good.  The broth (which is the hallmark of Pho) is delicious - worthy of picking up your bowl and crushing it like a college freshman in a beer chugging contest.  The chicken for the Pho, however was blah, tasteless, and dissapointing.  Overall though, good dish, I'd recommend.The thing they really have going for them is first, they're miles above that dreadful Chinese place that occupied the space previously, and second, they offer good value.That pork sandwich?  less than $5 and certainly enough food by itself for a healthy appetite.  The Pho?  ~$7 which is a good value given the quality and quantity.Certainly worth checking it out, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
5	Five stars amazing food flavor fusion! The flavors are complex but simple. This noodle shop was amazing service was incredible as well!
4	I came back for the pho twice in one week! The broth is so delicious & there are such healthy portions too for the most affordable prices. Its unbelievable that there is 1. Good Viet food in Charlotte & 2. It's located conveniently in the French quarter. To top it off, the owner is the sweetest guy. He's so welcoming and friendly to everyone who steps foot in the door. It's a very authentic mom and pop restaurant & you should give it a shot!
4	I love this place. Cheap, delicious, and I can order it and go enjoy a beer somewhere else in brevard court. I have had the beef pho and the banh mi. Both fantastic. The broth is very tasty and the portions are huge. Great bang for your buck. I will continue to frequent this pho gem.I've never sat down and eaten at this place but the to-go service has been nice and a little slow. But slow is a small price to pay for a cheap delicious meal.
3	Location is nice. But parking can be an issue since it is downtown. The prices arn't bad at all. $8.95 for a Large bowl of pho. $4.50 for a banh mi.The banh mi is really good. They put a lot of Pork in my Banh mi. A lot more than Le's Sandwiches (well known for there banh mi). Pho was just "ok". The broth was not tasty but the sriracha and hoisin sauce fixed it for me. I ordered a large bowl and had a hard time finding any beef. And the meatballs were cut into fourths! I have never been to a pho restaurant in my life where meatballs were cut into fourths. It is either half's or a whole meatball. If anything i got a big bowl of noodles.Banh mi, chill vibe, and good service won me over. I'm willing to give the pho a another try.
3	The food was good, however the service is so horrible that I had to give it less stars. I would avoid this place if you actually have a schedule to keep. I understand it can be busy during lunch, but the servers were unorganized, forgot items, lost our ticket, and messed up the orders. They need to organize themselves, and have a better system. They were walking around looking lost and confused wondering who ordered what. We asked for our drinks 3 times. Finally my colleague got up and attempted to get her own drink. When we asked for our ticket to leave, the waiter stated she lost our ticket. So I said welp I lost some of the items we ordered. Overall, good food and if I returned it would be a call ahead order to go. Watching the waiters run around so lost, and confused made me not want to sit in there anymore. Once they work out an actual server system (assigned tables/sections) then they may have a better chance.
4	Good pho for cheap in downtown, what else do you need?  Well, service was a little off, but honestly, I don't know if they should even have servers.  I could just as easily buy my drinks at the counter and bus my own table.I'm not going to tell you its amazing, because it isn't.  At $6.75 a small bowl and $8.50 a large bowl though, who cares.  I'm not sure if there is a better deal downtown.  The small should be plenty enough for most people's lunch.  Of course I had to go big though.All the basic accoutrements, fresh basil, extremely crispy bean sprouts, and some sliced jalapeno came out quickly.  Something to snack on while you wait I guess.  It only took 5 minutes for the pho though.  I liked it more than Pho Real, but not quite up there with Ben Thahn, Vietnam Grille, and the like.  It just didn't have quite the depth of flavor.  That said, no complaints on the food.  I did spend some time without water and they weren't even very busy.Bottom line is, I will tell every living soul that I know downtown about this place while its cold out.  People need to know.
5	Vietnamese food is my number one choice and I am a bit picky with my restaurants. I will say that this is BY FAR the best pho I have EVER had. I have eaten just about everything on the menu and nothing has disappointed me. Not only is the food good, but the staff is incredible. If you have not been here yet... hurry up and try it. You will not regret it!!! There is something on the menu for everyone
4	This place definitely hits the spot for lunch if you are in the mood for pho, a tasty sammich, or something with rice.  It's located behind the Latta Arcade in Brevard Court so already a win-win location.  There is so much history in the buildings and a very cool part of Uptown to be in.I first tried this place on a rainy-cold day and the P1 combination did not disappoint.  I've been back a couple times and have tried their appetizers... spring rolls are pretty awesome, but the summer rolls are too if you are looking for a refreshing, non-fried alternative.  Their sandwiches are definitely tasty and fairly priced for the yumminess that you get.  You can't really beat a huge bowl of pho tho... I just love using the spoon in my left hand and chopsticks in my right hand and attacking a great tasting dish for lunch.This place recently added booths! They used to just have all round tables, but I think the booths they built are nice and provide a bit of privacy with high backs if you are having a lunch date... or like me, reading my kindle by myself :(...Highly recommend the Vietnamese Iced Latte if you are a coffee drinker... watch out if you aren't a sweets person though.  It's a nice treat or after meal/during drink.
4	We found this place on a freezing rainy day and it was the perfect pick me up. I ordered the beef pho and he ordered the vegetable pho. We also ordered the spring rolls which were very yummy. The beef broth for the beef pho was delicious. We liked that better than the vegetable broth. The noodles were good and the small portion was more than enough for a full meal. The staff was so nice and attentive and the place was cute and clean inside. I would return on my next visit through Charlotte if I was in the mood for more pho.
2	Ordered the chicken pho but it came with the regular beef broth. What the pho?!
