4	I've tried both the spa services (massage) and hair salon and both times I was quite pleased. My friend won a complimentary hair cut and highlights. Since she is both happy with her current place and is far away, kindly gave me her gift card. I saw Glen, who I believe is the owner and his assistant. Everyone was very kind and I walked out quite happy with the result. He carefully listened to what kind of cut and style I wanted and gave me just that. There was the ever annoying attempt to up-sell me on hair care products that most salons do but it wasn't too bad. Unfortunately, I can't speak on price for the hair style as my gift card covered all but tip. My guess is that Glen's services are more then my current budget, but due to 2 pleasant experiences, I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend.
5	Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.
5	I highly recommend this place, nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel, she is amazing, so much talent! She gave me the hair makeover of my dreams, and I recommend her to anyone!
5	I have been going here for hair cuts and color for years! Wonderful stylists - very professional and well trained. They also have other services...full spa, nails, pedicure. Would HIGHLY recommend this salon!!!
5	I always have such a wonderful experience at Salon Vivace in Mt. Lebanon! Today I received an Aroma Facial by Brittany and it was fabulous! My skin looks and feels great and she knew exactly what my skin needed. Their product line is wonderful and mostly all-natural which was a relief as I am pregnant. Brittany was sure to make me feel comfortable throughout the entire facial and customized the products for my skin's needs. I will definitely be back for another afternoon of spoiling :-)
