3	the staff was really friendly and doesn't hesitate to shoot the ish with you about kicks. i haven't been here in a while but the last time i went i was talking to the owner. theres  wide selection of stussy tees, and your average urban/jordan account. if i was in the area i would check this place out. otherwise i wouldn't go out of my way.
5	The owner Jeff is a great guy who will give you the scoop on the limited edition kicks you need to survive.  It's a dog-eat-idiots-who-don't-wear the-right-sneakers world.  Jeff is in the Mandalay Store most of the time but the Summerlin shop is by my house, so I go there.  Watch their blog for the right Nike colorway and then get there quick.  Or as Billy says, "Don't Sleep."
4	Ever since I moved to Vegas six years ago I've been buying shoes from here, back when Nike Sb was in it's prime and pink box release's were selling like hotcakes. Being a shoehead, a exclusive shoe store was the first thing I looked for and Suite160 is that place. They don't carry as much as they use to but they do have two locations now, one in Summerlin and the other in The Mandalay Hotel Shops. Other than Nike Sb's they also carry Jordan's and other Nike products. The also carry apparel such as Stussy, Accessories, and New Era hats. Definitely a place to get you sneaker fix.
4	came here on my trip to vegas and they got some good selections! only down fall was that they didnt have much of my size(medium). but the staff was helpful.
4	I saw Money May here!!! I mean not in person, but while I was watching 24/7 on HBO prior to the Cotto Mayweather fight. I figure, if Money May can get his sneaks here, so can I! But, the problem being that they have such a random selection of kicks. I mean, the selection they have is nice, they have some old school sneaks that only a sneakerhead can appreciate, hence the 4 star review. Problem being that it's hit or miss. So, in my case, the 2 times I've been in to the store, they didn't have a great variety and the time I found exactly what I was looking for, they didn't have my size. That's not a bad thing, it's a realistic thing. When you are searching for hard to find sneakers, there are obstacles in place and often frustration sets in, but it's about the journey to find great kicks, not just finding great kicks.
