5	A delightful place to spend an afternoon doing homework while a bunch of middle aged folks play the fiddle, electric violin and accordion that is blissfully free of hipsters.
5	I live about 15 minutes away from this coffee house, but I wouldn't go anywhere else.  I am a grad student and it's a perfect place for me to go in and study especially since they have FREE Wi-Fi.  Not to mention their drinks are delicious and their baristas are so friendly.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great drink, warm atmosphere, internet, or a fun place to get all kinds of little trinkets.  They also have monthly events like Poetry nights, Chess nights, Open mic night... and more. I give this place two thumbs up!!  If you are a gamer they have tons of board games you can pull out and enjoy w/ friends.P.S. It is slightly hidden, like someone mentioned it's located behind a Pizza shop, but there is a huge parking lot with free parking off of 57th Dr. and you can access the alleyway from the parking lot.
5	I have gone to many coffee shops from Los Angels to here in Phoenix. This place is great! They have great coffee, and drinks with very cool, nice people working there. It is hard to find if you are looking for it, and never been to it before because it is in an ally but I think the ally location gives it a great urban cool feel. They have many events such as open mic night where people like to come and share some poetry, and live music. The coffee shop inside has local art work, and a very home feel to it. It is sorta small but not bad. Some days it can get crowded but most people hang outside anyway. They have tables and chairs to sit and relax outside on a nice day. I recommended coming down to this coffee shop. The great prices make it a must! Screw Starbucks and their fake coffee!
5	This is my favorite coffee shop.  It's the best I've found out here in AZ.  It's also the only place I've found to get caffeine past 10:00 out here in the Glendale area.  Even if it wasn't though, I'd still drive the 20 minutes to it.Not even just to study, although the tiny shop is well suited for it.  The owner is a wonderful woman and her workers have all been very well suited to the place.  The ambiance is artsy but not elitist.What else should I mention.....I know there's something I'm forgetting.....Oh yeah.Coffee.Each cup, even of their basic coffee, is individually brewed.  Dark as midnight and strong as.....things that are really strong.  It's wonderful.  The best coffee I think I've yet found in a region that doesn't seem to like strong coffees.  It's okay, I know where A Shot of Java is if I want real coffee, not some fro-fro sweet dairy beverage that once passed by someone sneezing who had drank coffee a week ago.Really real coffee.  It's here.
5	Eclectic, chic, clean & colorful. Oh yeah! & their Chai lattes are comfort in a cup :) Located between Glendale Ave & 58th Ave, behind all the cute boutiques. Just follow the signs with arrows, you can't miss it!
5	Great little coffee place hidden down an alley. We had a little trouble finding the entrance, but (*non-Glendalers take note) after we walked down the alley behind 58th St, we saw the signs pointing to the entrance. Inside we were greeted by the owner, who was very sweet and friendly, and makes a mean latte! We didn't have time to stay since we needed to head back to LA, but we will definitely stop there on our future trips. We enjoyed our tasty drinks on the long drive home, too!
5	Love the Hot Chai Tea. It's a bit eclectic, but fun. They usually have live music on the weekends. It can get a bit crazy inside, but it is worth the wait. I'm a fan! If you walk too fast, you might miss it as it's tucked away in an alley.
3	Mixed bag here.  Cute, small, locally owned place.  Nice staff.  Did I mention adorable location in a nicely decorated alley?  But, even a mere drip coffee seemed to take forever, and the small place charm feels a bit too much like a little lady's kitchen rather than a properly set up and efficient barista coffee bar sort of thing.  Prices reasonable, coffee was fine, but don't come here if you don't have awhile to wait.
5	I went in here the other day looking for a non franchise type coffee joint and was pleasantly suprised at the friendly service. Coffee is made by the cup and to order and enjoyed my drink. Something I needed for walking around downtown Glendale enjoying my afternoon.
5	I love this place! I usually get an iced soy white mocha, which is LOVE! I also had a soy chai BLENDED! To dieeeee for! LOVE IT! If you are in downtown Glendale make this your go to place for coffee!
5	Best coffee in Arizona! Don't let its strange location tucked into the back of an alley fool you. Sit down, relax, listen to music, play their chess board, & enjoy a great cup of joe.  I literally couldn't drink Starbucks for two weeks afterwards because it just tasted awful in comparison.
1	This one is a bummer, very cool location, clean, great coffee shop atmosphere, just really bad coffee:(
4	Kind of hard to find - tucked away in an alley. It's tiny inside but there's additional seating outdoors. Of course it's only nice enough to sit outside here a few months out of the year IMO. Had a muffin and a chai. They were good. Nice and quiet. Perfect for reading or visiting with friends. I liked it.  :-)
2	I got a thai tea here while i waited for the train from hell to finish passing/start moving again. first things first, not impressed with the taste. It was way watered down flavor and the powder that was used was not well mixed and had chunks in it. YUCK every other sip was a powder chunk, but it wasn't powdery it was gummy because it was melted by the hot water she put in, but then cooled off way too fast (before it was able to completely dissolve). I love the location and the warm feel of the place, but the drinks were just not worth it. and it was waaay to expensive for its low quality. I probably wont come back to try another drink, the easy stuff was bad i don't have high hopes for the rest
5	Good coffee, great staff, good wifi and a warm friendly atmosphere. I frequent this establishment to write 2-3 times a week for about a month now and have yet to be disappointed. Each drink is made for you when you order it (aka your drink may take a minute or two longer but its fresh every time! - I highly recommend their espresso Americano!)..Having mentioned recently publishing my first book, the staff invited me to use their facility for a book signing (if my book wasn't an eBook I would have jumped at the offer). Nice folks, super friendly, fresh flavor-filled coffee - a bit tricky to find the first time, but once you find it you won't be disappointed.
5	Nice place to stop and sit. Cute little breezeway patio. Herbal tea was nice. Local art is displayed inside. Staff was very friendly.
1	If I could give NEGATIVE stars, I would. Went to downtown Glendale to do a little Mother's Day shopping. Saw a little sign advertising this place with an arrow pointing down an alley. That should have been my first clue. Walked in and it was, hot, damp and had a dank smell. Strike two. Two "employees" carrying on a conversation could not be bothered to look up or even acknowledge mine and my sons presence. Waited and waited....nothing. I'll bet $$$ the owner just can't understand why his or her business is failing. Clueless.
5	Best coffee shop I been to in Phoenix. Everything I had on the menu was excellent, and I recommend this coffee shop to everyone. Their cocomocha frappe is the best on the menu and also the cubano.
5	I think that good coffee shops are defined by atmosphere of the place and the vibe it gives out. I can't speak for everyone else but t for me that is what I adore about small family owned coffee shops. I have been here a few different times and each time find something else I love about this place that keeps me coming back for more. The coffee is fresh; but the owners are even fresher.  Overall it is a nice alternative to the big chains and from a coffee fanatic perspective a welcomed edition to the coffee shop industries.
5	Great iced coffee! The chai iced Vanilla tea is also to die for. The place is not very big, but its its nice and they make good use of the space. I also enjoy all the local art work, it gives the space character... I will be back for sure! I wish the place was open late though... Oh well!
5	My own little slice of Hidden Heaven.  Great coffee, Amazing company and some specialty drinks you can't get anywhere else.
5	Finally got to try this place out... cozy little spot, very friendly staff, double espresso was very good... the only complaint I have is the Wi-Fi was horribly slow, basic sites took forever to load, streaming video would be impossible...Definitely will go back for the espresso and friendly staff...The iced coffee is awesome to, the ice cubes are coffee not water...
5	This was the best Frappe I have ever had! I loved the mix of coconut, caramel, and coffee in the cocomochalatte. Delicious. The staff was great, and the outdoor seating had great ambiance for a breezy Saturday afternoon.
3	It's a cute little eclectic place they do have free Wi-Fi stuff and if you're downtown Glendale.
3	Great little spot.  First time visiting this morning. Very warm and welcoming. Menu is great, a lot of options to pick from. I was a little annoyed when the barista was more invovled with a conversation with another patron (there were only 3 of us in there and the barista was one of them) and she burned my bagel, that I never asked to be toasted in the first place. Will prob go back to give it another try.d
4	This was a cute little private coffee shop. The staff was very friendly and quick to offer suggestions. They suggested their seasonal drink which was Chai Latte with two pumps of English toffee. It was delicious! I ordered the same thing at Starbucks four days later and it just did not taste the same! Shot of Java really makes their drinks with love :)
5	Family owned.  Great atmosphere.  Great place to sit outside or inside.  Full selection of latte, tea, frappes and a few cupcakes.  Love it!
4	Was in desperate need of caffeine and couldn't find my go-to (Starbucks, don't hate) so found this cute little place on Yelp. Was easier finding it on Yelp than in person honestly.  FYI, if you're going by the address, it's actually in the alley behind the street (so don't look on the street itself).  I'm guessing it was the owner who served me, very nice and friendly. Since it was late afternoon, I ordered a half reg half decaf coffee (lame, I know) so nothing extraordinary.  The coffee tasted a little watery to me, but I'm thinking that's partially my fault for getting half decaf?  I would certainly give them another "shot" next time I'm in the area. ;)
5	This place is a definite hole in the wall but worth the find. My signature drink is a hazelnut latte and let me tell you, there's is the best I've ever had. The coffee shop itself is quite small but it's very cute and there is some interesting artwork to view. Not only do they have a wonderful selection of coffee but pastries too. My mom and I shared a Bailey's cupcake and it was decadent to say the least. Definitely check this place out!
1	Was disappointed to find this place closed. I wanted and was looking forward to trying this place on a Tuesday evening. I saw on Yelp and their website that it was open until 8:00 pm Tuesdays. However, such was not the case. My friend and I came to find posted on their door that they were closed at 3pm. That's funny because the website listed something different. Here is a link: http://www.shotofjava.com. So with this being said, I would have loved to try this place because they are locally owned and I'm all about giving these places my business but it doesn't help when I'm given the wrong information. Perhaps they should update their website to reflect their real hours. They look like a great place and I'm hoping to be able to try the place on a weekday evening.
5	Not your average latte. The coffee here is delicious.
5	I wish that this place was in Gilbert, or that my work took me to Glendale more often. This place is fantastic! It's hidden down a little side alley off of Glendale just east of 58th (where the address is listed) and I had almost given up looking for it this morning - glad I didnt. It's very cute and homey feeling, decorated with belongings and gifts of the owners (according to a sign on the bar). The lady behind the desk waz very sweet and joked with me while I waited for my drink. The chai latte was delicious and I could see by the percolator and espresso machine in the back that if I hadnt given up caffiene I would likely love the coffee too. It was a little slow at 10:30 am so the lady even took the time to check on me to see how my drink was. You can tell this is a local treasure and the next time I have to work in Glendale I will definitely be back!
5	Whenever I'm in downtown Glendale I make sure to stop in for coffee here! Lisa and crew are fantastic! While the shop is a hidden gem, it's well worth finding! The brew is always perfect! You won't be disappointed!!
5	Very good coffee. Very nice staff. Very tucked away but completely worth finding. Locals should scratch Starbucks and support the shot of Java - I would if we didn't live 300 miles away- Thanks for the great vacation coffee!
5	Tanya will hook you up! We got some frappes made with almond milk. Sweet. I got  white mocha with Irish cream. Awesome. My wife got Mayan mocha. She said it was not too chocolaty, but just the right amount. Check out this local java spot!
4	Great little local coffee shop, with plenty of places to curl up. They are tucked into a back alleyway, but with plenty of signs to help you find them. Service was friendly and the cashier apologized several times (it was her first day). Their frappes taste like a milkshake (which was what I wanted), and I'm not sure if there was actually any coffee in it. They get their coffee beans from Xanadu, which is awesome since they are a local roaster as well.We love supporting local coffee shops and this one is within biking distance of our house, so we'll definitely be back.
5	To find this adorable coffee hut, turn down the brick-paved alley that's next to Old Roma Pizza. You'll see some tables and chairs, and then to your left, there's a big glass window and an iron gate. Go through the gate, and you'll find the door to entire Shot of Java.I had an incredibly fancy sticky-sweet coffee drink before braving the Arizona ICON convention, and it was every bit as fancy, sticky-sweet, and multi-flavored as I'd hoped. I don't remember what it actually was -- possibly peanut-butter mocha?The interior is kind of hipster rustic, but if the weather is nice, I strongly recommend hanging out on the benches in the alley, where you can people-watch on Glendale Avenue. I think I also got myself an almond bar, which is like a small slab of pecan pie, only almond-flavored. It was extremely pleasing when I ate it later, to recover from Arizona ICON.
5	Mayan Mocha is awesome! Comfortable and welcoming environment to relax and enjoy excellent coffee and treats.
5	This place is too cute!! Exactly what you would want for a local coffee/tea place. Check in for yelp offer and look for the sign because it's off to the side on a side street
4	Visited for Glendale glitters. I had the egg nog latte. It was interesting. Not to sweet, it was made with real egg nog.
2	I usually buy coffee, not lattes or any other flavored drinks. I'm not a fan of coffeehouses that brew individual cups of regular coffee because it takes too long I experienced the same thing at Intelligentsia in Old Town Pasadena when I lived there. Just brew an urn or two and be done with it. It would save you time to make the specialty drinks.  Another thing that I find cheesy is that they use powdered creamer talk about poison use real milk products not coffee mate creamers. Nice homey atmosphere but too small. I probably won't be back.
