4	Cheap Dry cleaning. Only $1.95 per item. You get your items back in two days though, thus the 4 stars and not 5. Fast, simple. They are behind the Walgreens on the NW corner of 40th and Chandler Blvd.
4	Recently had a dreadful situation that I would really not like to think about but will go through the agony of it just for you. Yes, just for you my dear yelpers. Well, my favorite Banana Republic shirt was mistakenly thrown in the washer and then the dryer instead of being sent to the dry cleaners. Aaaaarrggggh. I totally thought it was a complete loss when it came out. It was shrunk like you would not believe. Anyway, I took it to Legend Cleaners hoping they could do something. The lady checked to see what material it was. Turns out it is wool but I swear it feels like cotton. Anyway, she said they would try. When I got the shirt back, it was like it had never been through the washer and dryer. Whew. thank you Legend Cleaners!Yay! I'm a fan.
5	I will say, without reservation, that this is the most friendly staff I have ever encountered in a dry cleaning establishment.  Everyone has always greeted me with a smile.  Price is very fair and I have yet to have an issue even though I have been going for about five years.
5	I have been coming here since I moved to "Tukee in 2004.  One of the few places I have ever reivewed that didn't involve me EATING my way to a Star!They have never lost an item. Never.  Once when the string in the shirt slipped inside they took it back and retrieved it (oooooh, aaaaaah)They patiently explain which items are Dry Clean and which ones would do better in Laundry.  Over and Over. and Over. Friendly Service Night & Day Shifts.  Show respect for their Sraff by closing on appropoirate Holidays.
1	Overpriced for product received...great people...terrible work
5	Very affordable and friendly cleaners. After having done dry cleaning in Scottsdale for years at $5/item or even more, I was kind of stunned about how cheap this place is. You can even sign up for a club if you do a lot of dry cleaning/laundry and save even more.As has been mentioned in other reviews, the staff here is very nice--to the point of being out of character for cleaners. They will take time to inspect each item you bring in to ensure you are asking for the right kind of service for each fabric type. When you pick the items up, they will also inspect them in front of you to make sure you are happy with how everything turned out.I recommend!
1	This cleaners has become an over priced poorly managed cleaners. if you are an Ahwatukee person. . The people here are fantastic...but the end result is horrible cleaning.  My suit was shiny and pants BURNT!!  Scary...is received. Iunderstand why they want money in advance.
1	HORRIBLE DRY CLEANER. DO NOT USE. Dropped off around 20 items for dry cleaning, and at least 4 came back totally ruined. Buttons were broken, ink stains were on several items (like from a ballpoint pen) that had not been present when I dropped off the clothing. Stains I had mentioned and asked them to try to remove were still present, and they didn't make any notice of this or let me know that they were unable to remove said stains. Several stains looked untouched, like they hadn't even made an attempt to remove them. A few silk items I dropped off came back feeling like a strange texture, like they were very stiff. When I complained, no explanation was offered and the best they could do was take the items with ink for a free redo. They were practically already ruined, so I let them try. Around 300 dollars of clothing was ruined by this dry cleaner. Awful, awful service.
5	After shopping numerous cleaners in the area, I finally came to Legend Cleaners and have stuck with them ever since! The staff is very friendly and provides great service, and my clothes have always come back to me looking awesome. They are also very affordable and offer same day pickup if you ask.
5	the nicest and friendliest customer service people...a pleasure to deal with and always fast and polite
5	I feel that I owe this business a "new review".  After a 20 month personal boycott, I felt compelled to give them another opportunity to earn my business.  And what a surprise.  The Legend Cleaners of early 2013 is SO MUCH BETTER in late 2014.I am a professional business traveler, and spend a substantial amount of money on my dry cleaning.  I was woo'd in by a competitor with the name of a laundry detergent.After using Legend cleaners on a very large order, (a car load), I examined every garment with heavy scrutiny.  Results?  Flawless. And the dry cleaning portion of my load was much larger than the laundry.  Every pair of slacks, jackets, suits and sweaters were cleaned with the same care I would expect from a much more expensive service.  I trusted them with thousands of dollars worth of clothes.  They didn't let me down.For that, they have "earned" 5 stars.Thank you.
