1	I doubt anyone will even read this but when I first went to this salon I liked it, my stylist was friendly and work was done beautifully, how ever when I made an appointment for my son, we showed up on time only to find the stylist was not there. A person who I assume couldn't communicate in English was left in charge and had ask another customer to translate that they had no record of my appointment. If this wasn't bad enough I decided to give them another chance hoping to have a salon to suit my needs like the first time only to have yet another stylist try and charge me 65 dollars for a single color retouch. There was a poster advertising color for 45 dollars and considering I have very short hair the raised price was outrageous ( and by short hair I have 4 inch long hair: scalp to tip). If you didn't want me as a customer I would have rather been told instead of wasting my time. I will never return nor will the customers I got to go there, one stylist with good customer skills isn't enough to retain my business, which is unfortunate because I like to splurge on myself and I do tip generously.
5	Place looks fantastic! For a start up business, they really do give you a nice impression. Salon is very clean... There's no doubt about it. I've gone to several hair salons that were absolutely filthy! Salon prices are great considering how expensive henderson area is. Not to mention $10 men's haircuts?! Tapers, fades, combovers! Not bad! Oh, did I mention they just opened up their spa area too?! Yea they have a spa! Massages, facials, waxing you name it! They're going to be offering body scrubs and body wraps too?! Amazing! They had or still might have the $55 1 hr & 20 min facial special. I had it done and wow my acne cleared up within a day. You guys just have to check it out. I definitely recommend at least stopping by and look at the place. You'll see what I mean.
5	I love the stylists and staff, especially Joy!  They always make me feel welcomed and best of all understand exactly what I'm looking for :)
5	My wife booked us a couples massage here after finding a great deal on Groupon. She spoke with the owner, Juan, who was willing to work with us, even though the Groupon was for an individual massage. We only had to pay a small upgrade fee for the couples massage. We also chose to add on eucalyptus oil (the peppermint and house blend smell great too). Our massage room was clean and calming, and Tanya and Doris did a fantastic job throughout the session. Everyone was so friendly and nice. The owner is a great guy - very down to earth and helpful. After the massage, we were given flavored water and encouraged to relax in the lobby before heading out. I even got a haircut while I was there. A friend of ours is getting married out there soon; I will definitely be recommending them to her for any pre-wedding preparations. They did such a fantastic job of taking care of us. I will be going back on our next trip.
4	Received a deal from group on as a gift for a massage because I'm running a marathon on Sunday. Tanya was my massage therapist. I've had professional massages before and I also work at a high end spa and salon on the LV strip. Tanya was great. Her pressure was just right, she probably could have been firmer but I haven't had a massage in a very long time so that was fine. The deal was a Swedish or Deep Tissue massage and she did a combo of the two. I'm feeling really good after the massage. My body needs more work especially since I stand in front of a computer my whole shift and also workout 4-5times a week. I would definitely keep going to Tanya if I could afford it.
5	Finally a place where I can get my perfect haircut over and over again. The first time ever I didn't have someone or myself fix a blotched cut. The inside is very clean, and modern-great look. I am pleased to say this, "I'll return everytime I'm in need of a haircut."
5	This spa is amazing! Everyone is so nice and friendly. My beautiful girlfriend and I relaxed with a couples massage. Juan was super helpful. Tanya and Angelica were amazing masseuses! I highly recommend this place for any couple looking to unwind. :)
5	Had a great massage by Tanya! The place is easy to find, parking is good.  The owners and the staff are very helpful and friendly.  The massage rooms are pretty basic, but they just opened and were open to my suggestions.  However, they have a nice little relaxation room while you wait!Tanya's massage is both soothing and deep focused muscle work.   One of the best massages ever.  I would...will...repeat!
