1	What's the point in a dvd rental place which doesn't stock a single disc that isn't really badly scratched...?!After the first time I rented from here, I mentioned it to the guy behind the till when I took the films back and believed his unneccessarily long apology, and assurance that it must just have been a one-off blip, and that he'd refund me the hire fee I'd paid. Sounded like a good deal, but 5 attempts later and I actually couldn't hate the place more if I tried. Not only because ALL the films jump/skip entire scenes/stop working completely and you have to go back to the start, but because the only thing you get offered as recompense is a credit note being added on to your account.Note to Blockbuster: if your films are rubbish quality, then no, I am not interested in being able to rent my next film from you for free. I don't want to rent from you again. Ever.If you're in this part of Newington and you want to rent a dvd, I'd suggest walking 30 seconds up the street to Vogue Video. Or shelling out for the cinema... at least then you know you'll actually be able to watch it.
2	I used to come here when I lived in student halls, and I was always taken aback by the limited time we got to keep the DVDs. It's a sad fact that almost all DVDs I have rented here aren't in the best condition. I guess it comes with a DVD rental place. It is quite large and slightly shabby looking but definitely has a lot of choice. However, their european/foreign movie selection is somewhat disappointing. Plus in what self-respecting DVD shop would it take them ages to locate Nemo?So if you are after a blockbuster (ha pun to the name!) or something along those lines you will find it here. Ask for the student discount if you have an approved uni card.
2	Blockbuster is really irritating. Every time I have rented a DVD from there it skips, sometimes qute considerably. This ends up in me missing often vital parts of films. Sometimes it is so bad that the DVD is actually unreadable. Although they will either clean the disc and give it back to you or let you rent another, it is still really annoying, and way too often.The prices aren't too bad for the old films. You can get five for a fiver for a week, but in reality you end up with about 3 because the other 2 don't work. The new films are quite pricey though, and it's better just to wait for them to come down. Better is to head off to Cash Converters or Hogs Head shop to buy the DVDs, with the added advantage that they will actually work.
