4	This place is very nice for the area of town. The prices are reasonable. They do a hot stone massage which is awesome! And they use a timer set at 10 mins for the pedi which is nice because you know you won't get shorted. But they also won't go over either which is a bummer. But all in all I was happy with the services I received.
5	Ok so first off  Tiffany's nail salon is under new management. It is now owned by Don &Theresa who previously worked at Anthony lee nails on 7th st bell. Don has been doing my nail for over 10yrs!! He is amazing at what he does. I recommend everyone to him for nails. Theresa has been doing my pedis and waxing for just as long. They are a dynamic duo. Check them out
5	Yay! Found Theresa from Anthony lee nails...I am so glad she has her very own nail salon. Her and Don's place looks awesome! She has been doing my nails for twelve years and my eyebrows. I wouldn't let anyone else touch them. I can't say enough about the work ethic of both of them. They take their time and do not kick you out of the chair in 20 minutes! I hate when you feel rushed.
5	Theresa & Don are the best, Don does amazing on my nails....Theresa best nail designer
5	Update: I only wish they took American Express! They'd have a lot more business if they did. It has been very hard to find a decent nail salon since I've moved from San Diego to Phoenix but FINALLY I've found a great place! Both Don and Theresa have done my nails and they've turned out beautifully every time. Best of all, it's affordable. I highly recommend them to all. :)
5	One of the best pedicures I have ever had! My nails are beautiful, really appreciated that Don made a suggestion and showed me what it would look like before putting on my nails. Only slight irritation was that I made appointment but I still waited 30 minutes. Because everything was great, I am able to over look that.
5	Good prices a little higher than average but the work makes up for it.. teresa is the best. Good acrylic glitter options huge huge selection of nail polishes. Great designs and 3d nail art. Its so warm and welcoming not your average nail salon where the workers are rude and speak about you
5	This salon is definately in good hands!!! Teresa did my nails at the other salon for 8 years, love her pedicures, she cuts all the cuticles, cleans out all the dirt, does an amazing job on the feet. Don does my acrylic nail set and I loveeee his East coast style of my nails! Always the same, always perfect! I definately recommend them!!!
5	This is the best nail salon that I have been to in a long time! Very clean, super nice and the nail tech I had, Victor, was very quick & gentle! I tried a different color first but ended up not liking how the color looked on me so he changed with no charge and no attitude! AMAZING, I highly recommend it. Lots of choices for acrylics!!! At the end when I paid, he gave me a Christmas present, a big lotion bottle! So sweet!
5	My first time here, this salon came highly recommended. Very nice people, Don actually listened to exactly how I imagined my nails, and did better then I expected! I love it! They work to perfection. :)
4	Pretty nice despite the location. Very quick to get me in a seat and get started. Not to welcoming though. Presented a nail design and they did everything they could to match it for me. Also did a good job trying to match my gel polish color to my regular polish color for my toes. Did a great job with the gel, very thick and covered entire nail. Lasted a long time, about 2 1/2 weeks maybe. The pedicure was one of the best I've ever had! The had many options for the pedicure. You could pick what you wanted at decent prices. I get pedicures for the massaging. Longest massage I have ever gotten without paying extra. With both the sea salt and lotion. It was amazing and just the right amount of pressure. Did a nice job painting my toes as well. They were a little mad I didn't have cash for a tip though, I never carry cash. I will defiantly be coming back here!
5	I was looking for a place to get my nails done and Yelp seemed to recommend this one.  They weren't wrong!  I had a wonderful experience.  I'm not one who does manicures or pedicures much so I wasn't sure what I wanted.  They were really nice and helped me pick out what type of manicure and pedicure I needed and some colors.  I was highly impressed and will definitely be going back.  This may be something that becomes more frequent after the great experience I had this afternoon.
5	Absolutely fabulous! I've been looking for a nail place since I moved here a year ago and haven't been impressed with anything until now! I am SO impressed! I was expecting great service, given the other reviews, but my nails just look perfect! Gel nails for $25 AND the look perfect! Went to Ronny, so so great! I will never go anywhere else in Phoenix.
5	I LOVE Theresa. She's the best! She is always happy to meet any request I have for my nails. I like designs on all of them usually and she is always spot on in doing the design I want. Not to mention the quality of the actual acrylic nail is awesome, my nails never lift, chip or break, and I wear them fairly long. All of her nail art is pretty and she is never rude or rushed when doing my nails ( I have gotten that reaction many times at other salons when requesting nail art ) another thing I have gotten a lot of at other salons when I ask for certain things is "oh no I can't do that because..." Theresa always does my nails however I want. I won't go to anyone else. Her pedicures are amazing too. Love this place.
2	It seems like they may have talent at this salon, but I wasn't able to really experience it.  They seemed to prioritize quantity over quality.  I made an appointment and they were running behind so I had to wait 30 minutes.  The reason they're running behind is because they say yes to every walk in.  My nails are all uneven lengths.  I think they charge too much for powder acrylics.I also advised the nail tech that one of my nails was coming up, and she told me no it wasn't without even looking.  well it's still coming up and feels like it'll pop off
4	Always a great experience when walking through those doors! They never fail to leave me satisfied and their prices are great :-) highly recommend them.
5	Went here for the first time today! I loved it. They're having a sail for full sets for only $22! Definitely coming here again. I would go earlier in the morning when they're less busy. Great service!
