3	We went here for a work lunch. There was only a few other people in the restaurant so it was pretty quiet. There were three of us and our list of lunches included the Southwest Caesar with Chicken, the Tuna Melt, and the Sliders. When our food arrived at the table, every dish looked delicious! We were all ooing and ahing over each other's plate. All of the dishes were good and the service was fine. No complaints. I will go back when I want a tasty, quiet lunch without the hussle and bussle of other super-busy downtown lunch spots.
5	======   This review is for Marston's Daily Lunch Buffet - Friday!   ======It was hot downtown today, & a big glass of "Mango Iced Tea" got things off to a good start for me when I dropped into this lovely restaurant a little after noon for their lunch buffet!  After that, I went for a prepared cup of delicious fruit, which included a big blackberry!  Then it was on to the stylish salad bar, which had a number of unusual treats such as freeze-dried corn kernels (good!), dried raspberries, delicious real bacon bits, & nice cold tomato quarters.  The salad dressing I chose, of the three, was really good too.Next I had a Southwest Chipolte Chicken Wrap.  It was on a foofy little square plate, so I had my doubts, but it turned out to be really good, & rocketed this place up to 4-Stars for me...  & I hadn't even seen the hot table yet!The hot food theme today was Indigenous American, & everything was different & delicious!  I started with Albondigas  Soup which was thick with tasty meatballs, rice, & flavor.  The hot vegetables were Calibacitas Stew with Cheese, & tasty pinto beans, fixed a certain good way.  Then there was Fry Bread, a chicken dish that I failed to write down the name of, but made a tasty taco with a warm flour tortilla & a bunch of other goodies that were around to add in.  Then, after some of their delicious Chimichuri Shrimp, I had room for just one of their SEVEN delicious desserts!Lunch Buffet $12 daily, including beverage.
5	went here  today for the lunch buffet with Rand H. and it was amazing!!!! This place is going to my top ten list. I started with a bowl of corn chowder that was very good and then I had  a plate containing green beans with chopped bacon and onions,scalloped potatoes,BBQ pork spareribs and some pickled beets.All were just great.I went back and  got more ribs and the green beans they were awesome.then it was on to the desserts witch are lots to choose from and they are real good. I had this piece of carrot cake that had a solid pineapple top layer on it.Best carrot cake i ever had.i also had this pecan pie square but made with macadamia nuts yummm. They also had apple crumble with real whipped cream that was pretty good.  My lunch was so good this place is going to my top ten list. yum yum yum yum yum yummmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	======  This review is for Marston's Daily Lunch Buffet - Monday!   ======Mike C. joined me for my second outing to Marston's here.  The buffet menu is different on each weekday, & today they had Corn Chowder, salad with all kind of good things to put on it, such as fresh mandarin Orange sections, walnuts, toasted baby pumpkin seeds, & so on.  Reeeally good!  Then it was on to Club Sandwiches, great barbecued pork ribs, Potatoes Au Gratin, green beans with bacon & onion, & so on.  Lots of desserts too, including terrific hot Apple Cobbler with whipped HEAVY cream!  So good, so good.Lunch Buffet $12 daily, including beverage.
5	======   This review is for Marston's Daily Lunch Buffet - Thursday  ======This place is so good, why eat anywhere else?  Today I started with my usual Mango Iced Tea, delicious Chicken & Shrimp Gumbo, & an amazing salad with Macadamia nuts, cranberries, Tropical Vinegarette Dressing, & so on.  Some of the hot dishes were great fried chicken, the best collard greens I've ever eaten...  REALLY good!!, Vegetable Root Mashed Potatoes, & so on.  Yum!  There were also tasty ham & cheese sandwiches, & the usual zillion dessert choices. Awesome!Lunch Buffet $12 daily, including beverage.
5	======   This review is for Marston's Daily Lunch Buffet - Tuesday  ======They just remodeled this place a little, so it was time to stop back in for a look, & to treat myself to their ALWAYS 5-STAR Lunch Buffet again!  The food is almost completely different on each weekday, & this was my first visit on a Tuesday.After cooling off with a glass of Mango Iced Tea, I enjoyed some terrific Seafood Chowder, followed by a great (of course) Greek Turkey Salad.  Then it was on to "Massaman Curry Chicken", Rice Pilaf, some okra & tomatoes casserole, & a nice, fresh roll with butter.  There were a number of different desserts out, & I had Banana Pudding, which was all fancy & much more special than it sounds!Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $12 including beverage.  Mmm mmm mmm!
5	======   This review is for Marston's Daily Lunch Buffet - Wednesday  ======Ok, here's the last of 5 reviews of this place...  for a while anyway.  The food is so good here, & I wanted to cover all of the different feasts they put out.This Wednesday's shebang started with some great Chicken Florentine Soup & a fresh sourdough roll & butter.  Then it was on to a big make-it-yourself salad, & I enjoyed it with various meats, hearts of palm, real bacon bits & topped with their great "Citrus Dressing".  Next it was a bowl of nice fruit...  blueberries, cantaloupe, honeydew, & fresh pineapple.On my way to the hot food, I couldn't resist first grabbing a "Mini Buffalo Chicken Sandwich".  (Good!)Today's hot food included great Pot Roast, "Horseradish Mashed Potatoes" (I don't usually care for horseradish, but this was great!), & steamed veggies.Lots of tempting desserts await you here, but all I had room for this time was some Tiramisu, which was amazing (of course) because Marston's Cafe is ALWAYS 5-Stars!    :-))
3	Yesterday, I was very hungry come lunch time & thought this "buffet" would really satisfy my hunger! We had a little trouble finding the hotel it was located in but that's because we aren't downtown often. Any way, this hotel is beautiful! I loved the light fixtures & funky furniture, I wonder what the rooms looked like. We were seated promptly in the dining area. I asked the hostess about their buffet & she pointed me to the corner where it was & said we could go ahead. Before we hit the buffet a server took our drink order. Ugh, servers at a buffet! But I understand, you also have the option to order from their menu so he's needed, just not so much for the buffet people. Great guy though!Any way, there were about 5 hot dishes to choose from, a lil station of taco condiments, salad station & dessert section. From the hot station I grabbed a flour tortilla & added beans with some veggies, shrimp & cheeses from the condiments. The taco was good but nothing special. I tried a "stew" that mainly consisted of yellow squash with a few onions in a cheese sauce. It was an ok side dish, definitely not a stew. I also made a salad with spinach, a lil iceberg lettuce (blah), bacon bits, cheese & ranch dressing. It was good, pretty standard. They also had some pretty good sourdough rolls. The best part was the desserts, cute lil things! I sampled the chocolate chip cheesecake, some chocolate mousse thing & flan with fresh fruit. The flan stood out, so creamy & good!For the buffet & a drink (pretty sure refills are included) it was $12 per person, not bad but I wish there were more options. The quality of food was pretty good, but I would have given a higher rating if there were more items to choose from.
4	Exactly what  my fat butt needs... another buffet.The only reason we came here was because the Renaissance Hotel hooked me and wifey up with some breakfast vouchers. Not sure why we got them, but I wasn't going to ask questions. I had trouble sleeping that night, because I was so excited about running a train on some free grub in the morning. I woke wifey up at about 8:00 AM to get breakfast. I told her I was hungry, but I lied. I knew I probably could go till 9:00 AM, but she takes about 30 minutes to wake up and another 30 minutes to get ready. I figured by the time she's done, I will be legitimately hungry. The restaurant itself, wasn't hard to find. Down the elevator and make a right when you hit the lobby. It was pretty busy, because of some convention going on. We waited about 5-10 minutes and got seated. The buffet normally runs 17/head and it comes with hot entrees, fresh fruit, juices, coffee, etc. I started off with some scrambled eggs, sausage, smoked bacon, seasoned breakfast potatoes, and some citrus pancakes w/ agave butter. Delicious. The sausage was perfectly cooked; crisp casing with a juicy pork meat. The bacon had a crunch, but it wasn't overdone. The thing that really left a good impression was the citrus pancakes. It was crispy, but moist. A hint of orange, but not too overwhelming. The warm butter and agave butter make all the flavors marry together. I ate 4 pancakes. for round two, I loaded up on fresh berries, a couple pastries, and some banana nut bread. Nothing out of the ordinary, but pretty good as well. They also had some fancy cheeses too. Not your typical American and Provolone Cheese, but actual mushroom brie, camembert, etc. It would have went well with the Lox, but they ran out. for round three, I ate 4 more pancakes. (they were small, don't judge)Overall, the dining experience was pleasant. Wifey enjoyed her meal with some Starbucks coffee. I went with the freshly squeezed Orange Juice. I wanted to try their fresh squeeze fuji apple juice, but it was hard to pin down the server with every table in the restaurant full. Maybe next time.A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
2	I work in downtown Phoenix and have been going to Marston's Cafe on and off since 2006. The majority of experience was when the hotel was still the Wyndam. I was actually introduced to the restaurant by a co-worker who had been going there since the mid-1980's. The main draw for lunch is their buffet. Selection was rotates and more often than not, I would get the buffet for lunch. Occasionally I'd order off the menu as well. Recently, the hotel changed ownership from the Wyndam to the Renaissance. Sometimes change is good, but the new changes have been dreadful. The buffet price has risen by $2. The plates, silverware and glasses have been swapped out for trendy designs and are not necessarily functional. I see some familiar faces among the staff and they are the only saving grace (Rhonda & Chef Sam are standouts).Overall the restaurant is on the decline because the new ownership went against the old adage of, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." The few times I have been in recently it has been noticeably dead. I sure hope they figure it out as Marston's was one of those restaurants I visit on a weekly basis. I am not sure I can justify the added expense when the quality has not only stayed the same but actually gotten worse.
5	This listing definitely needs to be updated, because the hotel is now a Renaissance. I had a business lunch here today and it was amazing!!! The daily special was a short rib sandwich with roasted tomatoes and blue cheese. Whenever I see "blue cheese" with meat, I'm on board. You can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup, or a whole sandwich and a side of fries. I opted for the latter. I love love love when I see fries come in a cup with brown paper. I don't know why. It's just one of my "things." The fries were perfect and had good chunks of salt on them.But the sandwich...oh the sandwich! The bun was perfect. Crispy on the edges, chewy in the middle. The portion of pork was enough that pieces kept falling out. The rib meat was juicy and tender. There was enough blue cheese for flavor, but not enough to overpower the meat. It also came with some jus on the side.We had Rhonda serve us, who is also the main squeeze of the place. She works in the main bar in the lobby, but she's been there forever. The hotel itself has gone through a lot of changes, but Rhonda is always there.If you're looking for a nice vibe for a lunch Downtown, or a great place for a business meeting, you must check out Marston's.
5	Sadly, Marston's here has discontinued their great Weekday Lunch Buffet!     :-(
5	Love the fresh local food served here in the most professional and friendly manner. Great food staff and atmosphere!
5	After visiting Phoenix for the first time, I can't imagine ever going back. Ever... I'm not sure how the people out there do it. But, the mimosas, our host and stellar server, Jo, at Marston's made our morning memorable! The food was good and the service was excellent. It was maybe the best part of our short trip to AZ.
5	great food.better service!
4	Had a quick lunch here the other day.  Ordered the spinach salad and added salmon to it.  I have to say it was pretty good.  It had bacon and pomagranate seeds with citrus dressing that went well with my rare salmon.  Thier lunch menu is divided into 3 prices - $5, $7, and $9 each with 3 or more items to choose from.  Service was good and prompt and the iced tea I had was pretty typical.  I would revisit here maybe for dinner next time though.  It is located in the Renaissance Hotel and is accessible from the street via a separate entrance if you do not want to walk through the main lobby.  They usually have a menu posted outside in a display case by the side entrance.
