4	Sunday morning "breakfast" including spinach fatayer, kebbes and sambouseks at a newly open Lebanese bakery on the Plateau, Trip de Bouffe. Everything was fresh and tasty.Baklava: light and flaky, right amount of syrup on each layer, sign of freshness
4	My friend bought an assortment of goodies for the superbowl and now I cannot stop thinking about the awesomeness.
5	This place is what i call a lil gem in the city. Its a lebanese Bakery full of home made  lebanese/Arab inspired goodies like Tabouleh , baba ganoush, Sambusac , baklava and an assortment of mixed salads, rice and meat dishes.  You can also find a variety of nuts , spices , juice, breads, yogourt, syrup drinks ( i hope you guys know of mint syrup or your life is missing something fundamental ) and the thing that i find most exciting : Olive oil - that you can actually sample before buying - offered in regular glass bottles or big metal bottles with a small faucet!  + so many more things to discover. An exciting little store for any food lover!This place is perfect  to come and pick up a lunch if you work around the mount royal area or pick up some of your favourite lebanese goodies ( i picked up some fresh whole wheat flat bread and humous )...and also just to discover some new flavours!
5	L-O-V-E. I need an option with more than five stars, please!First of all, I was immediately struck by Richie's penetrating blue eyeballs. He has all the girls swooning, I am SURE.  Anyway, all lusting aside, this place was an awesome discovery. Located in the heart of the Plateau, TDB offers an awesome array of all things Lebanese, made fresh daily, with what appears to be a lot of love, by a dude called Pops (who is literally, Pops to one of the owners). They have a variety of pre-made items such as marinated turnip (squeal!), important goodies, nuts & spices, and of course, the main attraction: home cooked Lebanese food ranging from humus and chicken to falafel and Lebanese-style pizza (I forget what that's called). The food is delicious. Enough said. They do have a small section if you're in the mood to eat in, but I think it's more of a pick up and go kind of place. As well, if you're having a party and feel too lazy to cook - go see these guys and they'll hook you up. Noms.
5	Nom nom nom. Pita made in house - perfect. All salads sampled so far - tasty and beyond fresh. Stuffed vine leaves - in the top 5 ever tasted according to my partner.  All stuffed pastries sampled so far amazing! Ah nuts! I have made myself so hungry for these amazing goodies that I have to cut this review short to go out and get some more.So, briefly, pick up your goodies there for your picnic on the mountain or to nosh at home in the depth of winter to remind you of warm Mediterranean breezes.Also, the guys really know their stuff, ask them about their dishes - they're so knowledgeable and friendly it's an added treat. Off I go! (Did I bring enough bags to carry it all home?)
5	This has to be my favourite Lebanese place in Montreal! This is coming from someone who is originally Lebanese and very picky!Simply perfect! Food is so good and you can really taste how it's homemade!I can't wait to go back! Reminds me of home :)
5	Great little spot. Finally a little takeout Lebanese place in the Plateau. Everything I've had so far was great.
5	Sometimes you just feel like a hot home-cooked meal. But there is nothing in the fridge or you really can't be stuffed cooking. This would be the moment where you leg it down to Trip de Bouffe. They are serving up hot, ready-to-devour home-cooked meals, as well as salads, sweets, coffee, bread; anything you could ever want really. They also sell refrigerated dishes and salads so if you premeditate getting into the same snitch again you can always grab one of those on your way out to put in the freezer. I wish Trip was a bit closer to my apartment though, it's delicious and inexpensive which makes it a place I could easily wind up at every other day.
5	Once you've eaten the pitas from this place, you'll never want to eat another grocery store pita again. You know they are made without loads of preservatives, because they go stale after only a few days, but with pitas this good its rare they will long enough to get to that point (stick 'em in the freezer if you can't eat them all in a day or two). And a trip to Trip de bouffe means the opportunity to stock up on dips and salads, and that's never a bad thing. I'm in love.
5	Definitely some of the best food served on Mont Royal. The staff is very nice too which is always a plus. Love their meat lasagna, the spaghetti pasta and the salmon pie.  They also have these delicious mozzarella and beef sticks for snacks. The prices are great too.
5	I am an expert at Lebanese food (not at modesty though) and I have to say that I really liked this place. Maybe the second best lebanese food that I ever had in Montreal. However, it is not a restaurant so I would recommend it for take-out. The staff is also very friendly.
