3	The first thing you'll notice at this place is the staff. The waitresses are gorgeous... East European or Russian, I would say. I would say though that they are friendly and do a decent job of wait service.The food itself is good Italian fare. The bread is nice and delicious though sometimes cold. They have pasta dishes that feature ingredients other than having your pasta smothered in red sauce. The Pasta De La Sandra does a good job of melding a number of different flavors together as does the Pasta with spinach, feta and tomatoes.I've come here a couple times and overall, I'm pretty satisfied and don't mind going back from time to time.
4	Very good food and wait staff and not your usual Italian lunch menu. Lou the owner does a great job with the menu and food quality.  Waitress was very nice, very efficient, friendly and full of energy and smiles -- in Pittsburgh to go to school.  Buon Giorno is a place I meet friends every so often for a good lunch and sometimes a friend brings a bottle of wine since it is BYOB, very nice!  They have fresh baked bread and olive oil and balsamic on the table to start.  Have specials every day and some pasta's and focaccia sandwiches, grilled vegetables and good salads.  Had the Italian Tuna sandwich with comes with artichokes, mozzarella and more.  Sandwich comes with a small salad on the same plate.  Have had the Red Roasted Pepper sandwich and pastas in past visits, all very good.  Deserts are good and made at the restaurant.
4	I'm glad I found this place today! The place was pretty busy for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon, which I like to see!I ordered take-out per my usual MO and had the Italian Eggplant Sandwich. It was good --- marinara sauce, mozzarella,  and red peppers.  The bread was very good (as mentioned in other reviews) and I'll definitely be going back there after my multi-month new-lunch-place-every-day-campaign is over.It did lack that certain something. Maybe more cheese. Or more sauce. Or more something.  I've been favoring non-meat or non-red-meat dishes lately, so maybe a meat dish would have been more satisfying.I have zero complaints about the food or service.
4	This was my favorite lunch-time spot in college. Great, inexpensive options. They have an awesome half-and-half option, where you can do half pasta, half salad for cheap, which was my go-to. The food is super flavorful; I still dream about their marinaded tomatoes. Oh, and their bread! Seating here can be impossible, so mind the time. My favorite was to sit outside.The staff can sometimes lack personality, but the food more then compensated.
