4	Lee's Blackbelt Academy has five locations throughout the valley. I discovered this one through a Google search; my husband and I decided that we wanted to enroll in a fitness class now that we are settled into the area. Obviously, the focus here is martial arts, but I discovered on their website that they offer "cardio kickboxing" and that we could come try the first class free. We went last Tuesday, and the class literally kicked our ass. Halfway through, our faces were bright red, my hair was really frizzy like it gets when I sweat, and we were both really out of breath. We didn't realize just how out of shape we were! Well, the good news is that once we pushed past the mid-point of the class, we were able to finish, even though we were truly exhausted and slept like babies that night. They were offering a promotion (1 individual signed up, the other gets 50% off) and the price is only $60 per person per month, which is reasonable. If you sign up, you can attend as many of the classes a month you want (they have a class once a day) at any of the academy's five locations. Not too bad! As an update/FYI, we went back for our second class last night. It was still hard, but it was much easier than the first time, and we feel like we're doing something really good for ourselves, or at least off-setting a little bit of the good food and drink we enjoy on a weekly basis!
4	So, it's been about three months since we first started going to Lee's for cardio kickboxing, and we are still really happy with the class. We go 2-3 times a week now and have noticed improvements in our stamina and strength. From a woman's perspective, it feels really good to get stronger while learning moves that could be employed in self-defense. I've always hated the gym, but I really enjoy going to this class. Keep in mind that each instructor takes a different approach to the class and that not all classes feel the same in terms of intensity or style. I would just recommend trying a few different nights and seeing which instructor and style you prefer. Since the class schedule for this location has recently changed, I thought I'd go ahead and post it:Mondays, 7:15 PM - 8:15 PMTuesdays, 7:30 PM - 8:30 PMWednesdays, 8:15 PM - 9:00 PMThursdays, 8:15 PM - 9:00 PMFridays, 7:00 PM - 8:00 PMSaturdays, 8:30 AM - 9:30 AMSundays, 12 PM - 1 PMAs I mentioned in my previous review, do also note that Lee's has four other locations throughout the valley: Tempe, Phoenix West, Estrella Mountain, and Buckeye. If you're looking for a high-intensity but  engaging workout, I would check out this cardio kickboxing class at a location near you.
5	It's been well over a year since we started going to Lee's and I have to up my star rating to five. The people here have really become people we are excited to see, and it is largely their enthusiasm that makes us want to come back. Plus, despite the recession, they've kept their class prices really low. They've also added a 20-minute Warrior X-Fit class six times a week. Do note that the schedule has changed since my last update. Cardio kickboxing is now held:Tuesdays at 7:30 pmThursdays at 7:30 pmSaturdays at 8:30 am Sundays at 10:30 am
2	I enrolled my nine-year old son in this martial arts academy 4 weeks ago.  We go 2x per week.  Everytime I go, my stomach knots in frustration as I watch my son fake his way through the class and not once has an instructor noticed or offered up assistance.   I'm not suprised that an instructor hasn't noticed; there are 25-30 kids (or more) in a class. That number seems like way too many kids in my opinion for the price this place charges.    I've placed a call in hopes that I can line up some 1:1 time with an instructor.  I'll post an update on my star rating based on that conversation.  Stay tuned!
4	I wanted to update my posting.   Not only was I able to arrange 1:1 time for my son so that he could get some extra coaching, but the owner wrote to me to assure me that they are expanding the facility in order to accomodate the large classes.   In a world where customer service is lacking, I have to give kudos to Lees ATA Marital Arts for their attention to the parents and students satisfaction with their program.   They've been arround for 25 years and I'm guessing this is the secret to their success.   Thanks.
