1	Do not use this company! Unprofessional, poor attitude, poor work ethic, bad business practices! The guys would have us sign off on a piece of furniture citing a small scratch on it and proceed to gouge it several times during their handling of it. They also dented our stainless steel refrigerator several times squeezing it through an area too small for it to fit. When I pointed out that it was dented the guy said "Yeah, what do you want to do about it?". I asked him to file a damage report and he gave me a whole bunch of attitude. After he called his boss he came back in and said actually, we didn't do that. The supervisor came out to tell me the mover was accusing me of insurance fraud and though he admitted the damage matches up exactly to the height of the countertop they pushed it into they sent me an email a week later saying it was most likely caused by my own floor cleaning procedure some time in the past. What?! They also took 10 hours to move just the furniture in a two bedroom house! Ridiculous. These two guys were inept. What scam artists!
5	Interesting. I guess everyone has different experiences with this company. In my case I just needed to do a quick move as I had a deadline to move out and I was running out of time. I just needed all the big furniture moved using someone else's muscles and backbones. A friend suggested I rent a truck and spend a weekend doing it with his help - but when I did the math, it seemed worth it to pay a little more and leave the heavy lifting to someone else. The chiropractor bills alone would probably cost more than the service these guys provide. These guys give you a range of about an hour for when they'll show up. Luckily for me they showed up near the end of that range because I was still staging all the furniture near the entrance to help accelerate the whole process. The bulk of the time was taken up by the actual drive across town. Everything else was very quick and smooth. The two folks that did my move were VERY professional and quite obviously very experienced as they suggested things I didn't even consider to make the move go smoothly. The best part about it was that it was so quick and smooth I was able to go to work just an hour later than usual rather than having to take the whole day off just to do this.
5	I only had one time slot that would work for using Two Men & A Truck and they worked with me to make it happen.Orlando & Jeff showed up on time and did a great job of listening to my very specific instructions related to the 3 buildings we needed to pack up.  They even used my schematic and marked EVERY SINGLE BOX the way I asked!When we got to the storage unit these guys put my four categories of boxes in the four corners of the unit so I can easily get in there and go straight to the right area to search for "the thing" whatever "the thing" happens to be.  That was nice!Finally - and most importantly - they did not milk the clock.  Shoot,  I was the one getting tired and slowing down but they put some hustle in it and came in under budget for me!
