4	I got my first legal drink here last weekend when I came to Las Vegas for my 21st birthday. Service: Excellent, I asked for recommendations and the bartender was very helpful. Drink: I ordered the Paloma and it basically tasted like a liquored up lime popsicle. My boyfriend's drink on the other hand was incredibly strong, really gross but he liked it so to each his own.
5	STEVE is the BEST bartender alive!! This guy is an award winning flair bartender and serves the best mixed drinks!! Try his "Mango Tango", this is his award winning drink that he creatively designed!  Unbelievable service, super attentive, and super professional... Leave this guy a decent tip for the first drink and he will make sure he takes care of you....
5	If you're staying at the Palazzo like I was, you probably received a 2 for 1 coupon for a cocktail at Fusion! Uhmmmm...USE IT! Any way to save money on alcohol and drink as much as you can in Vegas is more reason for you to stop by and grab a drink...or 2! I got the Paloma & my boyfriend got a regular margarita. The Paloma had a lot of different grapefruit mixes and rock candy syrup and what not...but was actually quite good and not sweet at all! My boyfriend's margarita was on the strong side, but was totally drinkable. Drink at the bar or take it to go and walk around, either way, if you have this coupon, STOP BY! It's about $12 for one cocktail, and since you get two, it's about $6/drink...good deal!
2	Will is slow as can be. If he is working to another bar.
5	I went to this cute round shaped bar inside the Palazzo casino just for the Red Velvet martini.  It was $12 and I it was heaven in a glass.
3	I can certainly appreciate the higher-starred ratings but feel that I must consider all factors.The good:-Fresh, innovative drinks with fresh ingredients.  Whole pineapples are cut, lemons are zested, simple syrup is made, liquor is infused with fresh ingredients. This is all very good stuff.-Service (in my experience) has always been friendly and helpful.  Both times Jim G. and I went to this bar we had a buy one, get one free coupon and the servers were still kind and helpful.The not so good:-It's a circle in the middle of the Palazzo.  Thus, there is no ambience whatsoever.  It's not closed off, separated from the ringing machines and badly dressed tourists. If it were, it might feel cooler. If it were, it might be justified to pay so much for a drink. As it stands, it's hard to do it when you can get free drinks (not good ones like here, for sure, but free) from the waitress 5 feet away.As long as they have a 2 for 1 deal, we'll grab a drink. They're strong and tasty, but I wouldn't just sit here and buy drinks. You decide =)
4	This place was tasty, and although we came here becuase the hotel gave us coupons, we would definitely go here again!!  Kinda pricey, but what do you expect from a vegas casino, you know?
4	I was happy with this bar. Sure it wasn't what I expected. It's a tiny spot in the middle of the Casino floor...but it serves its purpose.  Amazingly good Bloody Marys and I can play videopoker at the bar while I drink.  I'm not going to complain about that.
4	I come here periodically when I am in the Palazzo in themood for a drink but don't feel like venturing into a restaurant's bar. As othe rpeople have mentioned, there is no ambiance to speak of. The bar is located in the middle of the casino floor, it seats about 10 people max. I like Fusion because a lot of local mixologists have started out here, and now they are in charge of major beverage programs in the casinos and restaurants. I've heard the infused shots are good but what I like t do when it is not that busy is tell the bartender what I am in the mood for and they will make it for you. One time I said I wanted something with blackberries and he ran off to get some! Now that's service! Mindy you, since it is a small bar and usually only manned by one person, they sometimes get really busy and will not be able to give you such individualized attention. But if by some chance you are at the Palazzo and notice the bar is empty, I urge you to check it out for a cocktail or two. You won't be dissapointed.
2	In the past, this has been one of my favorite spots for a drink. They have creative, fresh cocktails. Definitely one of the best margaritas in Vegas...However, today, I sat at the bar for a good 15 minutes without being served. This is a small bar, and the blonde bartender saw me but continued to serve others. She went on and on to uninterested patrons about the history of the mai tai, while I sat parched. I actually left without being served.
5	If you enjoy hand crafted cocktails made by knowledgable bartenders - Fusion is the place to go, and Steve is the one to see!  He is NOT your average "bartender", he is a master at his craft... (Yes, bar-tending is more than pouring drinks... It is a craft!)  His drinks are delicious, and he can accommodate your taste... ie- I do not drink sweet, so-called "girl" drinks---- I'm more of a bourbon girl!  One of my favorite places to frequent when I'm in Vegas... Go enjoy a delicious libation with Steve, then go win some money at the tables!  Oh, and did I mention he also knows how to flair?  boom.
3	Mehhh... I didn't really think this place was anything special. Just seemed like an overpriced bar with mediocre drinks (inside of a casino where you can get free drinks).
5	I stayed at the Palazzo for five nights over 4th of July Weekend, and it wasn't until the 2nd night that I even discovered the Fusion Latin Mixology Bar. Boy am I glad I did. Like others have posted on here, I was looking to put to use that 2x1 well drinks coupon I got upon checking into the Palazzo. I figured being an alcoholic, that's one coupon I certainly wouldn't let go to waste LOL! The first couple nights I was fortunate to have had Greg (Pictured) as my bartender for the evening. It helps that his shift goes from 2am-10am with Mulu (From the adjacent Laguna Champagne Bar) giving him relief throughout his shift for breaks. This man knows what he is doing and the Palazzo is certainly lucky to have him on their roster. Me being a simple double shot of Hennessy on the rocks type of guy, Greg didn't have much work pouring me up some shots. Where his value comes in, is that he's a great people-person. I understand many bartenders are good with the general public, especially at a place like Las Vegas which is tourist-heavy. However, despite there being many people at the bar, he was still able to keep the conversation going and it also helped that we both knew some of the same people from back when I used to live in Vegas circa '03, so that made it that much better.While we were talking on the 2nd night, some patrons came by, requesting a concoction of a drink (a house specialty) that they have in one of four gallons perched atop the centerpiece of the bar. I forgot the name of it, but Greg asked if I wanted to taste some (on the house)-- Me being the alcoholic I am, and it was past 5am, so I was GONE, I said 'sure'. Let me tell you, anyone that goes by that bar needs to try some of it. It is pictured in one of my pictures below-- It is a drink that is 80 proof, very strong, but oh so great tasting-- It is made of orange slices, mango slices, pineapples, Vanilla Beans, and Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum. It is aged a couple weeks before being put up on the mantle for patrons to purchase. I'm not a Rum person, but let me tell you, this was an AWESOME drink!!! Greg doesn't work the weekends, and that's where the other great bartender/Mixologist came in-- Steven. As has been mentioned previously on here, this man too knows what the hell he's doing. He was also a great all around guy, and certainly knows his way around the bar. All in all, a great experience at this bar. If you are staying at the Palazzo, and you are one of the so many late-night patrons that enjoy alcohol in the late night/early hours of the morning, you can't go wrong with this place and having either Greg or Steven serve you whatever you so desire. You won't regret it.
4	Nice bar in the center of the Palazzo casino.  Pluses: full bar and they usually serve doubles. Minuses: no beer on tap, only cans.Quarter and Dollar video poker and keno machines keep you entertained.  Lots of people watching opportunities. Overall four stars...
3	The hubby and I hung out around Fusion Mixology Bar located inside the Palazzo since we were waiting for the show "Panda" to start.  There was nothing really special about the drinks we ordered and the ambience was okay.Their beers surprisingly were not served in glass bottles but rather in aluminum cans so my hubby didn't really like the tin taste he got from his Heineken.  I had my regular Red Bull Vodka and it was a bit on the strong / bitter side but drinkable.  All in all this bar was all right, nothing stood out to make me want to hang out here again.
