5	I have worked with Joel since 2011. In that time I have edited 2 feature documentaries for Chesapeake Films and both experiences have been stelar. Over the coarse of these projects Joel and I have truly become not just trusted co-workers, but trusted friends. He is one of the few Directors I have worked with that truly welcomes feedback and actually keeps his mind open to it instead of ignoring it. Because of this you want nothing more than to work with him to create the best possible final result. It's tough not to feel drawn into the project with someone with that much passion for what he does. I would recommend Joel to anyone for virtually any project due to his ability to stay focused on the task at hand, while still being able to handle any issues that may arise in a calm and professional manner.Anthony BernardAPB Postanthonybernard.edit@gmail.com
5	Joel Franco has such creative integrity.  I find collaboration with him to be a pleasure. He is a real rainmaker and visionary.   He defuses stress and anxiety and fosters a really sense of unity and safe space to experiment and take creative risks.   I specifically look forward to working on his projects.  He is going places and I feel fortunate to be part of his team. I could not think higher of Joel Franco.
5	We have known Joel Franco of Chesapeake Films for several years now. He is a fabulous person. Very easy to get along with. He directed/produced an award winning documentary on my husband's life (Journey to Truth) and did an amazing job. Traveled to New Zealand with us and interviewed many of the participants in our seminars, family members and friends. Everyone found him easy to talk to.  He totally captures the essence of a person and puts it on film which is very hard to do, but he does. I am sure Chesapeake Films will continue to do well and produce award winning documentaries and films. Good luck Joel!
5	Working with Joel Franco is a composer's dream! He is extremely mindful of one's artistic sensibilities and has a wonderful vision.  He really respects other perspectives and approaches towards his projects while maintaining his own creative  direction to create the best possible film.  His integrity and professionalism are top notch, and he has an ability to portray his documentary subjects with an incredible and unexpected depth.  I really enjoyed collaborating with him and thought it was one of the most pleasant experiences I've had as a film composer.  And finally, he is a genuinely nice, easy going person to work with while at the same time being someone who knows how to get the job done.  I look forward to working with him again and would highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a consummate professional to bring their story and ideas to fruition.
5	I have worked with Joel for many years.  I find him to be very intelligent and knowledgable in many aspects of the film industry.  I highly recommend that you hire him for your next project.  You will love him !
