1	Brought my dog in to get anal glands expressed they charged me an extra $17 dollars to hold the dog that is on  top of the $25 dollars they charge for the procedure. My dog is the size of a beagle and they are telling me they need  3 people to hold the dog. Where exactly are these people holding her? Should I start charging Banfield next time I hold my dog still at her appt? I am one person and I can hold her down by myself. It took them a whole 2 minutes to do the procedure they take her in the back room so you can't see whats going on. Next time it would be nice to open the curtains I wanna see that there is extra people being used. I won't come back to this location. The manager Rena is useless as well.
1	My wife brought my dogs to the Peoria location .what a nightmare , there she found a Dr lets just say he was scarey . They tried to RIP us OFF for over $1000 My lab was boarded just days before and had dyera and throwing up rather than checking for a Parasite he wanted to run a serus of tests that would run over $700 my other dog had a skin infection he wanted to test in the about $400 my wife walk out in tears took them to anther hospital to find that the lab had a parasite gave him a pill and he's in great shape 1day later These So called Dr are there to take your money and could care less about the Animals they treat Stay away unless you feel like th roughing your money away
1	This facility is privately owned.  No where to to go with complaints.  Refusal to be courteous and to refund monies for meds I had previously purchased.  Made me pay for the med I didnt need.  RUDE DISCOURTIOUS HATEFUL.  I will never go there again.  My small 6 pound dog had extensive dental work.  I didn't see the dr before leaving.  No follow up appointment. Bad service.  No where to go with complaint as they are privately owned.  $467.00 later I'm totally upset and wonder how they remain in business. Buyer BEWARE!
1	Scam!  Signed up for the Puppy Plan.  Paid for plan up front.  1 year later I noticed money coming out of my account.  I called them to ask what was going on.  They told me it was like a Gym membership and it auto renews.Don't go there!
1	Went there to get my puppy checked to make sure he's in good health since I had a Free Exam and Consultation office visit with my adoption started kit. Long story short, I left there unimpressed and disappointed. I didn't even get the consultation. She knew this was my first time owning a dog and she kept asking me if there's something else I needed. I was hoping to have her advice me on what I needed to know and be aware with his type of breed. I left there the same way I went in. It felt like talking to someone that doesn't have any experience or knowledge with their line of work. So it was hard to talk to her. Then the doctor came in and gave me the same vibe. He was very standoffish and straight to the point. It shows Dr. Jarred Forrest doesn't enjoy his job. Won't be going there again. They're not interested/skilled in making you feel taken care of and making sure you leave well informed.
1	Extremely disappointed. Not worth it.They sell you a $500+ plan and you still pay out of pocket.Every visit you go to- they find something else to want to charge forThe report your information & the dogs to the county (without telling you)If your pet passes away, you will still have to pay half of the remaining balance. Find another place for your pet.
