4	Just around a cute corner from the Jean Talon Market, Motta in my opinion is best for taking out prepared dishes to eat back at home on the porch or up the street at the ole picnic hole in Jarry Parc. We like the roast sausages, spicy pizza, chicken and potatoes, the hearts of palm and bocconcini salad, and two of whatever the nice Italian lady behind the counter recommends. They do use too much terrible-for-the-environment packaging, tons of saran wrap and styrofoam. I wish take-out places would properly tackle this problem. I would consume a lot more if they did, I swear.At the bakery counter the baguettes and donuts are amazingly fresh and light. The churros were a bit of a fail, but who orders churros at an Italian bakery anyway? My fault really.
5	Ok just new to yelping and while it may seem that all the reviews are good its because I am starting with my tried and true favorites.  Motta has the best pizza in Montreal.I like to order the All dressed picante with extra red sauce.  Always fresh and made with really good ingredients.  On a tipical Motta run I will always buy a bunch of stuff (I use to live around the block but have since moved), among them are the portions of premade meals like the meat lasagna, the stuffed cabbage rolls, the pasta alfredo, and the ocassional deli meat  sandwichs.  I am not sweet tooth but I have tried some and they are good as well.  The one thing I never forget to buy is the spicy eggplant in oil, found in jars near the side door, this is the best one I have found so far and goes great either on pizza, or just as a snack or on sandwiches.  The price is very fair and they have lots of choices in the pizza's and even have an allyou can eat pizza party every now and then
5	Great food at a great price.  Eat in or take away.  The choices are near limitless and the staff are friendly.  Small cafe in front and a larger dining room in back makes Motta one of the easiest/most comfortable Italian eateries in town.  And don't miss out on the desserts - check the 'sale' fridge for half price cakes and cannoli.
5	Today I went to order pizza and had to wait for them to be prepared...big mistake...I ended up going to the dark side, and now I have a new addiction called Baccio.  This little unassuming chocolate and pistachio ball of flavor seems harmless but do beware! Especially on St Valentines, (baccio means kiss in Italian), could it get any scarier.
4	I lived right beside this place earlier in the year, and went there often. Motta is has some great little desserts, and affordable take-away food (pizza trio combo with rapini salad was great for a night in). The pizza itself isn't actually that good in my opinion, but despite the name, I think a lot of people go there for their other foods. It's a good, affordable place to pop into if you need something to bring to a dinner party but didn't have time to prepare anything. The one thing I found Motta did very poorly was the all you can eat pizza party. We went one night when it wasn't too busy, but they only came around with pizza twice. It was like they'd chosen to ignore us as the waitress disappeared completely, and when we went up to ask what was going on there was just a cold tray of old pizza sitting on the counter. This was our only eat-in experience, so I'm guessing we just went on a bad night. Still, I wouldn't go there on a date night, as the ambiance isn't particularly warm.
4	What's great about Montreal are those moments when you discover new places that have been around for years. Those neighbourhood spots that serve the best home cooked meal a deli could offer. This place will have you wiping the drool from your mouth when you see all the choice of fine Italian dishes. After a day shopping at Jean Talon Market, you can dip into this Italian bakery/deli to enjoy a good lunch with company. Fine dining at reasonable prices adding to the charm of local cuisine.
5	If you want best quality price food, here's the place to come. Quality is great although sometimes you have to wait since it can get crowded. I personally think here's where you can find one of the best cannoli in Mtl. In my top 10 joints in town.
5	Nonna pride! My nonna and the cast of Sopranos would be down with Motta. No question. Pizza, boom. Tiramisu, boom. Cannolis, boom. Antipasto bar, coffee, hot table, Italian breads, boom boom boom diggity. Its sweet to hear whispers of Italian too as you drool at the bakery display. Ugh, I wish I could eat without consequence. Damnit!!! The meatballs are the real deal. Crab and shrimp salad is light and a 1 way ticket to Yumtown. I hate myself for using that expression, I'm just excited guys...
