5	Finally I don't have to cross a bridge to get my whiskey!  Imagine all the wondrous beauty of Wigle Whiskey but in a fresh, open space.  That, my friends, is the Whiskey Garden.  All of Wigle's creations are available for sale and sampling along with a few signature cocktails.  Today I went for the Duke of Earl - rye whiskey, earl grey tea and lemon - a refreshing drink best enjoyed at a picnic table outside on such a sunny day.As I enjoyed my cocktail, I was shown the innovation room where new ideas blossom.  I was told how they plan to use the basement of the old produce house to see how their whiskey develops under different temperatures.  The space itself has been beautifully renovated.  Wigle takes pride in making the community part of their success.  I know volunteers were recruited to work on the lovely new outside garden and their dedication has created a great space.  I enjoy seeing a successful local business take root and embrace the neighborhood in such a positive way.  Have I mentioned I love this city?
5	yes!!  i live in the neighborhood.  initially, i thought it'd be pretentious and horrible.  it was anything but.  everyone working there was amazing, polite, and down to earth.  i'm not all uppity about whiskey and that was ok.  john was crazy knowledgable, & i left knowing more about whiskey and spirit distillation than i ever thought i'd know.  he gave us a quick tour of the barrel house & a history lesson on pgh whiskey.  i know that sounds boring, but it was fun.  the prices weren't outrageous, either.  just check it out.
4	Good whiskey, great cocktails, and phenomenal tours!  Wigle does the best distillery tours I've ever seen, enthusiastically combining the history of Whiskey in America and Pennsylvania with a step by step lesson in their own Barley to Bottle process.Wigle has been so successful that they've outgrown their aging barrels at their strip location and got the barrel house for extra storage and a unique new location.  The Barrelhouse picks up where the location in the strip leaves off, with an all new tour and in depth interactive edutainment lesson on the barrel aging process.  The location is a very open warehouse, and the garden is currently just few unadorned tables and chairs.  I'd gladly come back for the tour, but I'm hoping that as it evolves and matures, the garden gets more of the unique colorful ambiance (like the whiskey bottle chandelier at the strip location) that Wigle is known for.  You can bet I'll be back to check up on it and watch the Barrelhouse evolve, even as I try my best to empty out the barrels faster than they can fill them!
5	I had no idea Wigle had opened this location but it's a great spot.  It's located in a nice quiet residential area and there's a bar area that opens up to the outside where there's tables setup outside and a garden.  All the cocktails and whiskey tastings were excellent. I ended up buying a bottle to take home.  All the staff were really friendly and informative on the tour and seemed to really enjoy what they were doing.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Love this place! My husband and I were introduced to the barrelhouse and whiskey garden through a recent Yelp event and returned on Friday afternoon with good friends. We secured some great seats in the shade and settled down with some barrel-aged cocktails. Wigle makes some of the best drinks that I've ever had! I highly recommend checking this place out. It's a great place to relax with friends and enjoy delicious beverages and great conversation.
4	My friend's band had a show here with proceeds going towards the Denis Theatre.  Their outdoor area is fantastic with its varied seating options and ample room for food trucks to set up shop.  Every cocktail tastes great, but I always gravitate toward anything with Landlocked Spiced in it. The neighborhood is interesting... A resident across the street decided to play 'war' with the band by placing a speaker in their window that was blaring heavy metal music.  It really wasn't a nuisance.  It added another layer of uniqueness to the whole night.
5	Excellent whiskey and delicious cocktails. The staff was eager to offer samples and describe the whiskeys. I'm definitely coming back!
5	I've visited the Barrelhouse twice now, once at the Yelp Elite Event in August and once this past Mon. for another event.  The location isn't the most convenient for me, esp. not having a car.  Having said that, I am a big fan of the Wigle enterprise and their products.  The employees are very passionate about their work and the business, and it definitely comes through.  I wouldn't consider myself a whiskey drinker, but their spirits are smooth, flavorful, and refreshing!  I've really enjoyed all of the cocktails I've tried here, including a mint julep, an old fashioned, and a dark and stormy.If you visit, I'd recommend taking a tour of the facility and doing a whiskey tasting.  While the cocktails are great, hearing about the history and science of whiskey distilling in PGH is the most unique and enlightening aspect of Wigle.  The employees do a great job of explaining the history and science, as well as the product development process, in an engaging way.  When I was here on Mon., I missed that part of it, since the event was in the cocktail bar and the yard.  It was still a lot of fun, however.  The only disappointment that the mac and cheese food truck cancelled!  :-(
3	The Barrelhouse has a wonderful vibe to it.  I've been 3 times since it has opened and I love the ambiance.  They have some live music events with no cover, and these are definitely worth checking out.  The staff here is very friendly and helpful.  The only catch is the limited parking.  There's a small lot about a block away, but that fills up quickly.
