5	i had a leaky a/c hose and squeaky belts. bill replaced the belts, had a new a/c hose made, flushed the system, refilled it with the expensive good stuff, r12, yet only charged me the price of the cheap stuff i suggested -- a $200 discount. and now it blows cooold, not bad for a 20 year old vanagon in phoenix. prior to finding these guys, i had called a slew of other local vw shops, and bill was one of the few willing to do a/c work and clearly knowledgeable on the topic.  it was no surprise when i discovered that he has a  syncro vanagon himself that wins the local bug-o-ramas (the awards are on the wall).When the work was done,  he had me picked up -- a 25 mile round trip for their driver.  that's great service. these guys will be my vanagon shop of choice in phoenix. the reviews  on http://roadhaus.com/shops.php and google maps echo my sentiments.
5	I am from out of town and chose this place based upon all of its 5-star reviews in Yelp and Google.  My window got stuck down and I needed a quick repair.  In the end I got same day turnaround, great friendly service, and a price that can't be beat.  I wish my mechanic back home were this good.
5	Bill knows what he's doing, he replaced all the a/c hoses for us so we have cold air in our Westy, he knows that R12 is the right refrigerant to use in these old vans and that anything more modern will expand more than the old system was made to handle. He rebuilt a 2.1 engine for my van in 3 days so we could leave on time for our camping trip. To save us money, he put in a free (used) transmission, which unfortunately failed once we got out of town and started leaking transmission fluid everywhere. It was a sad story, bro. But he footed the bill for us to get towed back to Phoenix from Camp Verde and fixed our van so we could get back on our way. He took our van to get its windows limo tinted (an AZ necessity) one time when we were getting all sorts of work done on the camper's interior. Our tent came back with holes in it from someone who popped the top and closed the latch inappropriately (fabric: not supposed to be closed inside a latch!). He couldn't verify whose fault it was but he offered to install a new tent free of charge, and it's a time consuming task. He makes it right if something fails to solve the problem we came in for, and my van is from 1985 with about 200k miles, so figuring out the cause of a problem can be a real mystery. You want to make sure that your mystery problem-solver knows what they're doing and doesn't cut corners and call it "fixed" inaccurately. A point of comparison - I took it somewhere else once or twice and they solved our problem by removing the O2 sensor altogether. They said we'd like the extra power anyway. Well that was nice, but the air pollution wasn't so great and the 13 miles per gallon we got wasn't a very good value. Plus, it turned out later that they'd adjusted something else to try to compensate for our problem and that was making the engine work harder than necessary ... all this crap instead of actually finding and FIXING what's broken. Bill doesn't proactively half-ass anything and call it done. He'd only concede to that method if he talked to you about it first and you understood and insisted on the half-ass approach (not me).The final price is always fair and he's generous about throwing in helpful this & that. He drives a Subaru-powered Syncro Vanagon (4WD) that he continually tries out mods on, which helps him advise what will work, versus what won't work, and advise about the value of upgrades. He'll never recommend the priciest option, but he'll give me info on the full gamut of what's available ("you could go this route, which has these features & benefits at the highest price, or the middle-priced option which has these features & benefits, or the cheaper option with these features & benefits, or the cheapest option which will fix your situation but not offer you any improvements.") For example, we recently decided to buy a new muffler that would allow the engine to breathe way better than an OEM muffler would, but we didn't spring for stainless steel since we're in AZ and don't worry about rust. And we didn't buy the $1600 exhaust system because well, wow, that's expensive for just a smidge more power and a smidge better gas mileage. He's quick to point out where you'd experience diminishing returns for your money spent, and will only lead you toward solutions that will give you the best value for the money. This is where I think the "Affordable" plays a role in "Affordable German." This trait is a big asset because on these old vans it'd be so easy to drop $40k into them (and some people do, but not everyone wants to).He's also pragmatic. He doesn't have that attitude that old VW owners should suffer while in their cars as part of the experience. He understands that it makes practical SENSE to have air conditioning in Phoenix, and to have more power to get somewhere faster. When we're ready to go nuts on the van, he'll be around to do a Subaru conversion. I know from experience that he's there to help me afterwards, not just collect my money for a sub-par, partial solution and get me out of his hair. He calls to check up on me, and other customers I've met mentioned that he calls them too after jobs to see how things are going. Have you ever had your mechanic call you a week or two later to see how your car is driving now? Dude, I haven't even had a doctor call me later to see how I'm doing after an appointment!I'd recommend him to anyone. He's worth the drive on the nasty-ass I-17 out to South Phoenix. And the people who work in his shop are all awesome mechanics. They're all conversational, involved folks who give a shit. They all will explain and show you in detail what they did and discuss the process and why. They even tolerated my husband hanging around for a few hours looking at their work over their shoulders out of curiosity about the process. Big thumbs-up to them all!
5	Thank you BILL!If you own a Vanagon in Phoenix do not go anywhere else.  Bill will walk you through the basics, advise you on your next steps and even let you know how you can do things yourself.  He has the solid knowledge and track records on Subaru conversions as well.  They also have a nice surplus of parts and he will do whatever he can to get you the best quality used or new parts for your van.  Since Gwynne S. pretty much covered all the based in extensive and accurate review, I will leave it that!This is the DUDE!
5	I took a VW Vanagon here for an inspection and repair estimate, and this shop is a rare gem!Bill is a Vanagon driver himself, and that says a lot. He uses his Westy for camping, so he knows what his clients are going to need.In the previous week, he had 16 Vanagons in the shop at once - it's a fact that Bill is  the local Phoenix authority on the matter (the other German shops call HIM when they are stuck). He was extremely knowledgeable and patient with me. Took the time to explain everything, and show what he was talking about. His prices were fair, and he had the connections to do the things that he doesn't do (machine shop, tire shop, etc).You can bet that I will continue to return here for all things Vanagon!
4	No nonsense, affordable prices.  Had my Audi in for service with Dan (someone whom I have total confidence in and have known since he worked at Chapman), no complaints as usual.
5	Thank you Dan and the rest of the team at Affordable German Auto Repair!  I took my 2004 Jetta in for a major service and I feel like my car drives better than ever.  They were quick, affordable, and HONEST!  They take the time to explain to you what they are doing and why.  I have been ripped off at many auto shops in the past, but now I know where I will take my car for any service - big or small.
5	These guys are top notch.  First, to be clear, I drive a 2006 Jeep Liberty 4x4 NOT. A German car. With that said, I have an awesome (but very rare) European diesel version with a 2.8 liter VMotori  turbo diesel.  The Jeep dealers hate it because they don't really have any true diesel techs. The big diesel specialists only know Ford, Dodge, and Chevy and don't understand small European diesels. I found these guys on a Jeep CRD forum recommending them for local shop that will do honest, high quality work. (And the owner's wife has the same CRD Jeep as me, so he knows it top to bottom.)There is no one else in the state of Arizona that I trust to work on my little Jeep. End of story. Finding a good, honest, high quality, mechanic that you can trust is like finding a great doctor, lawyer, dentist, or accountant- with Dan and his crew you know your in the hands of a real professional with ethics and who takes pride in their work.  And BTW- I make the 40 minute drive from North Scottsdale passing by a hundred mechanics/garages/dealers just to take it to a real pro!Thanks guys!
5	We had driven down from Seattle in our 1990 VW Vanagon to visit family when our air conditioning failed.  Figuring that a Phoenix auto shop would know about these things  (in Seattle they think "air conditioning" means rolling your windows down)  we checked Yelp for a VW repair shop in Phoenix. We read the reviews of Affordable German Auto, decided to take a chance -- an excellent decision!!  We telephoned, explaining that we were just traveling through Phoenix and the heat was getting to us.  Bill made a special effort to get us in the next day.Bill, the owner and a Vanagon aficionado himself, drained and recharged our a/c system. (The old system had to be completely evacuated, purged, and flushed; the compressor oil had to be flushed and changed too; etc.) Bill also explained to us that we should have our compressor eventually replaced. We weren't staying in Arizona long enough to have them do the work, but if we lived in Arizona again we would be regulars for sure!
5	I called Affordable German today to get some info. I work on my own car typically, but I was having a coolant leak and asked these guys for advice. They gave me expert advice and told me what was needed, and quoted me for the service if I couldn't handle it. Thanks guys!!
5	I own a 1986 Vanagon for almost two years now and, for a while, I have been doing some of the work myself in part so I can learn but in part because I was afraid to trust a mechanic with my van.  Until I met Bill!Bill is a walking encyclopedia of knowledge when it comes to VW cars and Vanagons in particular.  As a longtime owner of one, he has faced many of the same challenges with his van and is able to pinpoint with extreme accuracy any issues. He is very patient and explains things in great detail.  He even guided me through the process of a repair and an upgrades in the past so I could further my knowledge.  He is an expert at Subaru conversions, something I will definitely do in the future.  For those of us living in the Phoenix area, Bill can install a front AC (worth every penny) to keep the van cold during those hot summer months.  When I met Bill I have not only found a great and trustworthy mechanic but I have also made a new friend, a fellow vanagon owner who loves and appreciates those rare, temperamental, yet absolutely beautiful vehicles. If you need someone you can trust with your car, look no further!Thank you Bill for taking such a great care of Halley!
