5	Recently I had to take my truck to get an oil change. While I was getting my oil changed, I was notified of a problem with my water pump. I had a crack and was leaking pink coolant all over my engine. UGH!  After a recommendation from a friend and also an excellent experience with my wife's car (both Yelpers), I chose to take my truck to Tempe Auto Repair to be fixed.When my wife took her car here to fix a problem, I talked with the shop about my potential issue. I was told to bring my truck in for a look and if there was a problem to write up a quote. The diagnosis was no charge.  .The staff is very professional and polite, especially Bill.The cost of the repair was around $250-275 cheaper than another quote I had received for the same work and parts. The work was completed as scheduled, same day as long as I brought my truck in before 9 am.I hope I don't have another issue with my truck for some time, but if I do, I'm headed back to Tempe Auto Repair because of the honesty, integrity and price. Good work Tempe Auto Repair!I would recommend checking out Tempe Auto repair if your vehicle needs repair service
5	I recently had a problem with a small amount of smoke coming out from under my hood. I needed my car fixed fast and after talking to a few people I took my car to Tempe Auto Repair. They were unable to fix my problem, but they were honest about it and gave me a suggestion on where to go. They didn't charge me a dime for the work they did trying to fix the issues, plus i wound up with a free oil change. So while they didn't fix my car, they will definitely be high on my list of people to bring it to next time there is a problem.
4	one star knocked off because they blew into my interlock (yes, i know. CLASSY! just paying for my mistake) and missed a running test. aside from the EWWWWWWWWW factor, since they didn't tell me they did that, this is a pretty great place.they're honest, fairly priced and quick. i recommend this place to anyone that drives and does not fix their vehicle themselves.and they did make up for the interlock by replacing my gas cap at no charge to me. at least the owner made the effort and that goes a very long way with me.
5	Jake's been taking care of our cars for almost 7 years. He's very trustworthy and fair.
5	The last shop I went to rounded off my oil drain plug, so after putting off my oil change as long as I could (shame on me!). I did some searching on yelp I found Tempe Auto Repair which had some great reviews so I was sold! Walked in and the owner Bill greeted us. Took care of us and fixed the problem. Tempe Auto Repair is friendly, honest, well priced. Will definitely bring my car back and so should you!
5	You don't really gotta worry about these guys overcharging you for work and I live right next to them and get my oil changed all the time and just walk home instead of waiting there.I love the set up. Anyway, heres to more 2012 reviews Tempe Auto Repair
5	My family has been taking our cars here since the 1990s. I live in Chandler and still drive all the way in to Tempe because there is no other auto place I trust. They have always been fair, honest, and very reasonable. As a female, I know most auto repair shops can, and do, take advantage of female customers. Not at Tempe Auto Repair. No matter where you live in the valley, it is worth the trip to bring your car here because you will have peace of mind knowing they are taking good care of your car and will always treat you right!
4	After everyone's "connection" to a mechanic failed me, I turned to my trusty friend Yelp.  My car's check engine light was on and needed to pass emissions.  Tempe Auto was fast, professional, and honest. I had taken the car to another shop and they said it would take a few days to fix- these guys had it done in a few hours.  They said they work with lots of students/ out of state parents.  (Luckily my dad was in town at the time...and I'm not even a student anymore. I am, however, a spoiled brat.)  I recommended the shop to a friend who had a mystery issue with his car.  They ran diagnostics/checked it out and didn't find anything wrong.  They didn't charge him anything.  Check em out!
5	Recently needed to get my mom's car tuned up, oil change and what not.  Found this place on Yelp and was completely pleased with the service.  Totally recommend!
5	Just moved up to Tempe, found these guys on Yelp and needed some routine car work done so I figured I'd go check them out. Made an appointment the day before--guy said an oil change/tire rotation would take about an hour--showed up on time and they were done in 30 minutes and for $30. Couldn't have asked for quicker service, and the friendly staff was a bonus (I spoke with Jim). They now have a new repeat customer.
2	Asked them to help me check a car that I was about to buy off of an ASU student, who came along with me. A younger mechanic told me that there were leaks, and the tires were old, whereas an older manager-seeming guy (his name was Jack) came out and started chatting with the student, told him he knew his brother, and turned around to me and told me that there was no problem with the car. He didn't even report a loss light cap. Getting mixed messages from a mechanic is a big no-no. Even if he was trying to establish personal connections, putting another customer's safety in jeopardy is unacceptable. Never returning again.
5	Just left Tempe Auto Repair, found them on yelp (Thank you!!). 1. I needed an oil change (way over due)2. My drain hose that is supposed to drain the air conditioning was clogged...soaking my passenger seat floor.Everyone I spoke with on the phone was nice and welcoming. When I arrived I got the pleasure of meeting Bill. LOVE HIM! Might be because I am from the Boston and so is his wife and he lived in NH for some time too or it could be because he unclogged my drain hose for FREE! Bill let me know that 2 gallons of water came out of my car.After a year I have finally found my West Coast mechanic! I definitely recommend the Tempe Auto Repair. Thanks Bill, oh and thank you to Chris who drove me back to work after i dropped off my car :)
5	I found these guys quite by accident in the 90's and have been using them ever since.  Like the dealerships, their mechanics DO work on commission.  UNLIKE the dealerships, their mechanics do NOT get commissions on parts, so they're not likely to bend you over, selling you parts you don't need!  Also, if you have an idea of what needs to be done, they can look up the labor charges on the spot and give you a quote.  (Unlike the dealerships, who always want to have it in for a "diagnostic" and charge you for an hour of labor right off the bat!)  Bill and Jake are GREAT guys to deal with!
2	After about a month my Camry started leaking oil again...This is most positively because of the wrong oil filter and plug that was jammed into my car by Tempe Auto Repair...they even fired the guy who did it so I can't say everyone there now is clueless but that guy definitely was.Unfortunately, when I got on the phone with them they said they fixed it to the best of their ability and I was shit out of luck basically. Real nice guys but I was hopping they could have temporarily stopped the oil leak like they did before when their guy f*ed it up. I was not even expecting them to completely restore my 2001 Camry with 200,000 miles...oh well I found my new place, American 5 Star where they stand behind their work.
5	They have done all the work on my Chrysler 300 that includes tie rods, air filter systems etc. They have done it a better job then any other shop and at a fair price.  Me or my girlfriend won't go anywhere else for our auto work
5	Took my 1988 jeep wrangler in for a oil pan seal and rear diff. Victor took very good care of me. I was shopping around for the best price in town and they blew every other shop out of the water. They treated me very well so the service, maintenance, and cost were all 5 stars. I will always take my car to them from now on.
5	We were traveling in Phoenix and our AC went out in the middle of summer!   Victor was professional honest and fair.  He worked us in on a Saturday morning and fixed it within 2 hours and for a reasonable price after another mechanic told us they would have to replace the whole system for $1400.   We cannot say enough good things about them!  Would recommend them to anyone!
5	Amazing service! I just moved to Arizona and my A/C went out, took my car in and they had it fixed the same day! The price was very affordable and Victor and the staff were very professional, definitely sticking with this shop for all my car repairs!
5	This shop is fast, professional and reasonably priced.  We bring both of our cars here and have always been happy with the quality of service.  I've even done some price comparisons with other shops and our old dealership.  Their pricing is either right on or below what we were expecting.  I'm so glad we've found a place we can trust for our car repairs.
1	I have been coming to this auto repair shop for 1-2 years now and until now I've been very happy with the service. I took my truck in there two weeks ago for a fairly simple fix and they wanted to charge me an arm and a leg for all these extra parts that weren't necessary. I paid the extremely pricey amount and got on with my day. This time I went in there for a misfire in cylinder 4 and needed new spark plugs and wires. Now I'm not expert with cars but I know darn sure that switching the spark plugs and wires is a simple process that can be done in about an hour. These gents wanted to charge me almost $11 for each spark plug ($6.50 retail) and $75 for the wire kit which runs about $50 normally. Now I understand that you've got to charge a premium when you're at the auto body shop but the labor cost is what made me sick. They charged me 2.5 hours of labor ($98/hr) just to switch out the plugs and wires. That is an absolute joke! These guys do good work but they screw you on the labor costs. Be mindful. Needless to say, I will never go back to this shop again.
