5	I recently picked up a used Porsche 911 Turbo from McLaren Scottsdale. While this car was at the lower end of their selection the service I received was uncompromised. Gina Faye was my point of contact from start until finish, she handled all my request, answered all my questions in a timely fashion. I live in CA and buying a car out of state was a first for me but Gina did an excellent job making sure I was comfortable and the car was in great shape. I will be sure to check in with McLaren when it comes time for my next purchase. Thanks again for all your help!
5	Thanks to McLaren Scottsdale, I'm now the proud owner of a new McLaren 12c Spider.  The service and friendliness of the dealership is a great match for this amazing car.Over the course of 5 days from my first visit to my eventual purchase, they answered all my questions.  Bill, the Sales Manager, accommodated our schedules by spending an hour one morning taking my wife for a test drive, and an hour in the evening for me.  He answered *all* my technical questions.  He understood why I wanted to break the tires loose on aggressive corners, and generally let me explore the car how I wanted.  Then for a couple of days we talked about price and options in a low key way, without any pressure.  I am confident that I got a great value.When I finally stopped by to make the purchase, Tina Faye (the finance manager) was excellent.  She came in on her day off, hounded VPs at the bank, stayed on hold with them for a combined total of at least 30 minutes, suggested the most popular add-ons without any pressure.  She was clearly so happy to see us so happy, and ended up hugging my wife and me as we left.  That evening she called the house to congratulate us again!While I was buying my car, another customer dropped by in his new McLaren 650s.  Apparently he drops by on an almost daily basis.  They give him a bottle of water, dust and clean his car, and he generally just hangs out with them talking about cars.  That is not a typical dealership behavior.I have a few other cars from other dealerships (Porsche, Mercedes, Tesla, BMW).  We are treated exceedingly well at each of those dealerships.  Even in that company, the McLaren dealership really stands out.I cannot recommend this place enough.
1	The sales manager, Bob Wallace, is the most arrogant person I have ever dealt with. Extremely unproffesional and cocky. I highly recommend purchasing your luxury automobile elsewhere!
5	I called the McLaren Scottsdale dealership looking to buy a McLaren I had seen listed on their website.  They routed me to Gina who quickly answered all my questions and we started down the road of making the purchase.  The car had to be shipped from California, and a few improvements made but all of the details were coordinated with ease!  The purchase was a great experience and I recommend them highly!
5	Gina Faye is awesome - Highly recommended & professional.I'm loving my 2013 maserati quattoporte.Thx again Gina
