4	FIND MY UPDATED REVIEW. THE INITIAL REVIEW WAS A 3 STAR REVIEW WHEN I FIRST VISITED. THEY HAVE IMPROVED DRAMATICALLY AND THIS PLACE IS STRAIGHT BOMB!!!!i'm a foodie and mexican/latino cuisine is absolutely my favorite. i give every establishment at least two tries before i write a review. every joint can have an off day with food quality and service and it may depend on what you order (anyone that tells you that everything on their menu is good is flat out lying, although there are exceptions). each of my reviews will layout the good, the bad, the ugly (if applicable) and an overall rating based on food quality, food quantity, ambience/decor, pricing and service. my intent in drafting reviews is to help the establishment improve so they can be successful, not to bury them unless the joint has no chance whatsoever. make sure you read the entire review to get a complete overview!the good: salsas are made fresh daily and they have several options; mesquite hardwood grilled meats (good flavor), clean fresh ambience, friendly owners and staffthe bad: meats tend to be overcooked and a bit dry (they should grill the carne asada medium rare, but they don't); quantity of product is small for the price; prices a bit high for the amount of food; flan is average and is missing the all important burnt caramel sauce; limited menu choices (2-3 meats), no rice or beans, etc.the ugly: one thing i find unacceptable is quality control of food and service. the order taking is done by one employee and one register with a line out the door (just opened so everyone is wanting to try it). the order taking is slow and the employee lacks knowledge of the menu even though the menu is limited. lack of attention to detail. i've eaten there twice (once take out and once dine in) and both times the order was incorrect. wrong tacos, burnt tortilla chips (i mean burnt as in dark brown to black), incomplete order. also, don't open until the staff is trained. nothing is more irritating than employees being trained as they prepare and serve you. no wonder the orders are incorrect.overall review: this place could be a hidden gem and a permanent mesa establishment with a few tweaks and improvements. bigger quantities or lower prices, better food and service quality control and expand the menu a bit. i enjoyed the food, but it isn't quite where it needs to be. please get there because i love great mexican food.face (food blogger tag name)
5	I had the carne asada potato with cheese and oh my it was delicious. Yummy fresh peco and guacamole as well.five stars for great food, service, and cleanliness!
2	Our gym is located just down the street from the place, and we have been watching the hard work they have been putting into building the place and making what was once an eye sore to a wonderful and clean looking establishment. When my husband and I finally noticed the place we had watched develop was open for customers we were excited. We often do not go out to eat, we would rather eat in, but we had to try this place, maybe because we were super excited, and made it out to be more in our minds, but on the day we went in, it was one disapointment after another :(. I will give the place on how clean and nice it looks 5 stars, but the salsa..although freash, it lacked flavor and most of them were so hot you couldnt even taste your food over the heat in your mouth :( The meat (beef) was so greasy and lacked flavor that unless you put a tons of lime on it, it was very unenjoyable to eat :( The price was high, and the portions small, and the chips and salsa, I belive, are the same chips I could buy from the local market :( Also we could not find one napkin in the whole place, and the service, although kind, was very unorganized. We do not want to be 100% negative, again, we give the owners 5 stars for making an establishment look so wonderful in Mesa that was once an eye sore, but wish that more money would go into less grease and more flavor all around:) -two mesa people :)
5	I live nearby and was excited to try this place out. An incredible amount of work was done to renovate this urban blight. I ordered a "Papa Loca" which I was told is their specialty, and a couple carne tacos. The tacos were just like Rocky Point and I've been craving them ever since I left. The Papa Loca was a grilled potato with meat, cheese, sour cream and salsa and was awesome!!It's cool you can see them grill in front of you.  They were pretty nice and the salsa bar was really fresh. I'll definitely be back soon.
5	We have been waiting for this place to open for months. The service has been a little slow, but everyone is trying to get used to the new system. The food has been great, not a complicated menu, very simple. The parking isn't the greatest, but we live close so we usually walk. The owners are extremely nice and friendly and they have a great following.We are actually going there again tonight.
3	I want to like this place, I really do.  Although the first visit left me with mixed feelings I plan to return for another visit soon--real soon.We went and were greeting by the delicious smell of grilling meats.  We ordered tacos, carne asada, chicken, and cabeza.  We also added a carne asada quesadilla.We were given a number and sat down.  Our number was passed up and after a while we discovered someone else was served our meal!  Oops.  The mistake was quickly corrected and our food was served.  However, no cabteza tacos...  They were ordered but left off the ticket.  The food was okay and excellent.  The chicken was dry and bland.  The carne asada was excellent and beyond.  That is why I'm going back despite the mistakes,  It is that good.There is a small salsa back with a variety of salsas including avocado.  Plus a few surprises like sliced cucumbers and pickled red onions.I am forgiving the miscsues for now.  It is a starting business with a few issue to correct.  I want to support local as much as possible.  I hope my next visit is better--I'm sure it will be.
4	This place is good. I've ordered from here twice already and unfortunately they did mess up my order both times They messed up one taco (plain taco for my daughter) on one order and 4 tacos (no onions) on another order.This is not going to stop me from going back but I will have to check my order before I leave which isn't a good thing.The brownish salsa & guacamole lacks flavor and it's NOT that spicy from what the other reviewer stated. The guacamole needs more guacamole and "less cabbage/water?" when they blend it. Why not add some boiled tomatillo, lemon and cilantro to it to give it more flavor?A red salsa (chiles japones with boiled red tomatoes/tomatillo + seasoning) would go great with the carne asada tacos. The one they currently have is that brownish jalapeno salsa.They have another tomato-y red salsa but it ruins the tortilla because it's too runny.This place has potential, but they need to step it up. Train the staff and improve the order and delivery process.
4	This place is great! The outdoor seating is awesome, the service is quick & friendly & The food is delicious!!! Everything on the menu is a la cart so you can put together your own meals. I'll definitely be going back!
5	Very good tacos.  Cool and different atmosphere.
4	Hip place. Very nice inside with interesting colors and very clean. Terrific bathrooms. The tacos and chicken quesadilla were good; different than your local 'burto's taco shop in a good way. I'd say your paying a little bit for the "experience" but overall is worth it. Definitely will return.Just don't expect the dilapidated taco shanty prices
3	I am so excited BYT is back, this place is good.  The reasons I am rating it 3 stars is because the portions are small.  I would suggest ordering a quesadilla.  Both the Carne Asada and Chicken meat are good. The Place is really clean and good looking inside.
5	The food is really good and the price is good as well. I absolutely love the patio at night! Quick service and great atmosphere. We'll be back real soon!  Thanks backyard tacos!
5	The food was amazing!!! The papa loca was crazy good. And the grilled Gordita? Man was it tasty. Their horchata rocks also. I'll be back - and often!
5	get the potato. everything here is good but especially the potato. i love ruben so much if he wasn't married to maricela i'd propose tomorrow. they are both awesome and so nice--i have been eating their food since they were selling it in their backyard and everytime i see them they greet me like family.
5	Excellent food for very good prices.  Carne asada is the choice to get. Chips are fresh and really good. Stuffed potato is something you won't find elsewhere.
5	Amazing, authentic Mexican food! The papa loca and the stuffed quesadillas are my favorite, both the carne asada and chicken are delicious! The little taqueria is very clean and bright. The food is of great quality yet not expensive! Always great service and helpful staff.
5	The stuffed quesadillas are simply amazing.  I love that you can watch them grilling the meat.  Smells great, tastes delicious, wonderful service and very clean.  We'll be back again and again!!
5	Best carne asada tacos! Plus the crazy potato is amazing! Por fin unos tacos que merecen ir cada semana! Y varias veces!!
4	I love this place. The food is delicious. The Papa Loco is amazing. Great idea. The tacos are excellent. The salsas and marinated vegetables are awesome. I love that they gave me a grilled jalapeno. I would love to see rice and beans added to the very small menu. The seating is wonderful, plenty of tables and chairs for a small place. Truly a class act. Thank you.
5	I showed up and the parking lot was full and the line was packed.  Don't let that discourage you.  We had our food within 10 minutes still.  This place is great!  Casual, clean and authentic.  I loved the Pollo Quesadilla.  Don't forget salsa or guacamole in the salad area. I love Backyard Tacos!
5	Dude! This tacos The best i just drove All The way from Cali to try The quesadillas  so good ill be specting a byt in Cali soon i hope! Go worriors!!!s
4	A simple, clean taco place that you can take family and friends to.  The food is fine and the staff is nice.The reviewer (M.S) that said the music is too loud is sadly mistaken; this is NOT a loud place at all.  There is an outdoor patio and it's entertaining to watch the people not know what number is on their ticket..it's used to pick up your food dummy.
5	Great place and outstanding food. If you want something authentic you have to checkout Back Yard Taco. Its not your traditional mexican food, the Crazy Potato is amazing and I love the street tacos. I have already referred many family and friends.Check them out you will be glad you do, or your LOCO if you dont!
4	I remember going to Backyard Taco when it was actually in a backyard. (I know, I know, what a hipster thing to say.) Back then, I enjoyed the food but the wait and service were hardly worth it (granted, it was someone's backyard, so I couldn't really complain). So while I was anxious to try out the new restaurant, I approached it with a fair amount of skepticism.Sure, my first time there the food took a while. The restaurant had just opened so I imagine they had some bugs to work out. I've been back several times and the food arrives much quicker.Portion wise, don't expect much from the tacos; they are very small. I'm not against small tacos, not one bit, I'm just against not getting my money's worth. For their size, you'd expect to pay a bit less. That said, they're quite tasty so the price doesn't keep me from ordering a couple each time I go. Get a quesadilla if you want more bang for your buck.I give points to any restaurant that serves bottled Mexican Coke. I'd love it if they ditched their fountain drinks all together for a better variety of bottle sodas (there are so many great Mexican sodas) but I'm likely one of the few who thinks that way. (To be honest, I'd love it if every restaurant went this route.)The clean and simple design of the restaurant is nice.This is certainly not the best taco joint in the Valley, but I love having a solid original, non-chain restaurant so close to where I work (there are so few food options in this part of Mesa). I've seen a couple different restaurants pass through this building while living in Mesa. Here's hoping Backyard Taco sticks around.
4	We really liked the place...nice ambiance, good tasting food, close to home. Yes, the portions are small, but its tasty. I really liked the quesadilla and crazy potato. The chicken tacos were good, too. We'll go back for sure!
3	Good: 1) Clean2) Friendly Staff3) Decent neighborhood4) Nice Salsa bar selection that includes Avocado Crema- they call it guacamole5) Nice atmosphere6) Decent seating7) Good Parking8) Awesome drink selection9) GorditasBad:1) Meat not trimmed- Fat on carne asada taco2) Meat not marinated3) Chicken is dark meat--or at least it seemed kind of greasy and gristly.  I suspect lots of drumsticks.  Notice how most of the food is in the bad section.  If they would just trim the meat, it would be my favorite taco shop.  But I HATE fatty tacos that you have to pick through before you eat.  Good place for a mexican coke or jamaica and a cheese gordita I guess..
5	So delish! Check them out, they offer a simple menu of tacos, quesadillas, gorditas, tortas, and their signature is the Papa Loca. They offer the party pack too which is awesome for entertaining. Very cool concept, they have renovated an old business and it is nice to see when that happens. Apparently the owners were cooking and selling food out of their backyard and every Friday night the line would stretch down the street to just order some of their tacos. Someone discovered this, and helped them get their own restaurant going.
2	The carne asada here is super good, but that's about it.  I came here the other night and tried a few dishes; overall the chicken was really dry, the chips and salsa were terrible and the carne was good.  Not worth the trip in my opinion, but to each their own.  Also, whats with the 80's music at a mexican taco stand?
4	pretty good.  they need buritos!
2	Not sure if I would come back. 1st they mixed up our order with someone else, so we had to wait for them to make it again. Their carne asada quesadillas had very little meat, their "gorditas" looked like 2 tortillas slap together. The only thing I would recommend was the carne asada tacos.
4	The tacos were good but the concept and originality of this spot is great. Quick service, friendly staff small but tasty salsa bar
5	We love this place a taste of some real authentic mexican street tacos!!
4	Really liked this place. They have the best Carne Asada in Mesa. Very tender and not dry and tough like most taco shops. 1.70 per taco or you can get a full family meal for $16. I wish they could make a half meal for 2 people. Other than that if you like street tacos this place is really good.
5	Wow! What a great local find! Noticed this little place going in a few months ago. I have been there twice in two days. The food is super fresh and the salsas are great. The carne asada is on point, the chicken is tender. Authentic Mexican street tacos and gorditas. Try it, it won't disappoint
2	Tacos In The Back, Waste Of Money In The Front!  Driving by this place the first couple weeks it was open, I just knew I had to take some time and check it out.  Unfortunately, as "cute" as this hole-in-the-neighborhood venue is, the food was very disappointing on both occasions I went there!  The motto is:  Pick a meat and pick your price tag.  $9 gets you 2 fairy-size tacos, a soggy tostada and a small drink...enough disappointment for 1 person.  Disappointing 2 people could set you back $20-$30 quickly.  The tacos are tiny and the meat is bland.  I tried both the beef and the chicken during my visits there.  The beef had almost no taste and the chicken was so dry my last time there, I could barely swallow it, even with the low-quality liquid additions from the "salsa" bar!    When I took my fiance, she wouldn't even finish the meal, she was so disappointed!  The ingredients in each of the menu items are exactly the same...meat and tortilla.  The taco is a spoonful of meat on a tiny tortilla.  A tostada is a small mound of meat on a larger tortilla.  A quesadilla is a small scoop  of meat with a little cheese added...in a tortilla.  They would do better to simply offer "tacos" only and reduce the price.  All the menu items taste the same and the only real difference between each one is the increasing price tag.  I highly recommend you avoid Backyard Taco if you have tastebuds and/or financial sense!
5	Raised in MX border for the majority of my childhood, I grew up eating tacos and all kinds of mexican food whether it be home cooked or just food stands. I can count in one hand the restaurants that serve tacos that hit closest to home and this is one of them. My favorite item is the Vampiro, I order two mimimum when I go but everything else is just as delicious. I live in Phoenix/Tempe so this place is quite the drive for me but very well worth it.
3	This place was pretty decent.  The tacos are definitely just like the ones we had in Mexico, with the exception that the meat was pretty hard.  The potatoes, on the other hand are amazing.  They don't really go with the rest of the menu which is very inexpensive.  The potatoes are like 6 bucks, but honestly, they are worth it.I probably would go back.  The food is okay, the atmosphere is friendly and a very nice staff.  If you go, get the potatoes.
1	Went here for a family member's birthday dinner. It was not enjoyable. I'm going to make this review short and sweet.Meat- we had both chicken and steak. Chicken is flash cooked which makes it dry and flavorless. Steak was full of fat and tasted VERY similar to cheek meat. Tortillas- were great. We had both flour and corn.Salsa- tasted sweet and like it was missing something. Also had that weird tomato sauce for tacos, it was awful and did not enhance the taco flavors.Potatoes- which are $6.00, were dry and lacked flavor. Even my potato loving husband and grandfather didn't like them and that was a SHOCK! We didn't think this place lived up to the hype. We won't be returning. We prefer Gallo Blanco in PHX for some amazing street tacos!
5	Literally one of the best tacos I've ever had in Arizona. This place is a gem!
2	I've heard awesome things about this place so my husband and I tried it yesterday. First off i'd like to say that Samantha, our cashier was really abrasive and seemed pretty peeved that we didn't know what to order, but hey it was our first time there! We both had one of each taco, (steak and chicken). The steak was really tasty, HOWEVER the chicken was salty. The tacos are about the size of my palm and are $1.80 each. Not a bargain if you ask me. Their salsa is very fresh and tastes amazing, but the guacamole at the salsa bar is just pureed avocado with a lot of water. Beans were great and you get a lot for your money too! Two stars for poor customer service and a pretty good steak taco. Overall I personally wouldn't recommend it. Peace.
5	Yum! I so hope this place stays open for good! It's a simple menu and I love that they have Mexican sodas. Their tacos are so good, even the tortillas are grilled. Service is great, I'm pretty sure it was the owner the last couple times we've been there. Friendly man. I'm glad they got rid of those clueless little girls when they first opened. Place is clean and I love how they fixed it up.Con: They're closed Sundays!
5	Yummy!  We ordered the family dinner to go - 16 (small) tortillas, salsa and carne asada for $20 plus we added a side of beans. everything was delicious! Cute place, very clean! Simple decor, nice patio (I will sit there next time!) Service was quick! I really enjoyed it!  :)
5	I love local places born and raised in Mesa and not the crap the chains offer.  This place is funky, fun, and the food is good and fresh.  Lots of cool people there too.  I have been there several times and a few times ago ordered the family pack which is plenty of food for 5 people.  Thanks for brining a new place to our neighborhood!
4	I only know about this place because it's across the street from my dentist. I came by after work and there were just a couple of people dining inside when I came in. I perused the menu and decided to try a chicken gordita and carne asada taco, with horchata to wash it all down. The food didn't take too long to come out and I took it to go. I like that they plated the food and wrapped it with foil, easy to dive in. The gordita wasn't what I incorrectly imagined, but it was really good. Both the chicken and the steak were very soft and flavorful, though I have to say I preferred the chicken. I will definitely be back to explore their menu, plus the price is very reasonable.
5	Plenty of seating in doors and out with friendly staff. They had a few problems (I didn't see anyone bussing tables and their lemonade machine went on the fritz while I was ordering) but it seems like a really great place.I got the carne asada quesadilla, a steak taco on flour tortilla, and a pollo taco on corn tortillas. These are street food style and came on styrofoam picnic plates wrapped in foil. The tacos were good sized but I thought the quesadilla would be a litte larger - however, there were plenty of ingredients stuffed inside. The meat was delicious! Perfectly seasoned. I also loved that the onions/cabbage was minced so you got a lot more flavour with each bite and it was more uniform, instead of big chunks like some places do. The tortillas were really fresh and grilled. No complaints at all about the food. I also got a large lemonade "agua frescas". To me, aqua frescas is more like a naturally flavoured slushy where this was just fresh juice, but it was still really good and tart. If you like really sweet lemonade, you might have to add some sugar! Two tacos, a quesadilla, and a large drink for just over $10. It's street food at sit down prices, but the taste makes it worth it.
4	I found this place to be pretty tasty.  Also reasonably priced.  I really liked their crazy potato. Think baked potato without the skin shoved into a tin foil pouch with meat, cheese, & garnish.  Also Taco Bell has ruined my ideas of what a gordita is. Backyard's is like a tostada with meat, cheese, & garnish on a thicker piece of tortilla. Its also very tasty. And finally we talk about the tacos. They are street tacos so they are smaller. But the flavors are really good. In all,  if you're looking for something that does not have burritos,  you've come to the right place. It has a salsa bar. Chips cost $2. But like an earlier yelper said, a good amount of food for around $10.00. "We fight for tacos"
5	Been eating their food when it was really in a backyard behind M&M and the fire station *kneeslap!*I am a regular at this restraunt. Best tacos in the valley! HANDS DOWN!Simple menu, fair pricing on the food, clean welcoming feeling at the restraunt.Absolutely good food and service.Only one problem about this place. It needs to find a bigger location to fit all the customers that go there.
4	Great Carne Asada and Chicken Tacos. Simple menu, REALLY well prepared food.Salsa and Condiment Bar was a win. Crowded interior (because the food is so good)
4	Fast and tasty tacos! The potato was super hot and more "creamy" than I expected, assuming it was just a baked potato. Tacos were delicious, although I was surprised they were only available chicken or steak. I ordered a gordita, but somehow got a burrito (that is not even on the menu?!?) I kept it, but it was a big one and I was so full after that I really regretted not sending it back. Jamaica was great. The "backyard" is so cute, I woukd have probably loved it just for that, haha. But I'll be back again!
5	Backyard Taco is simply the best taco in town. The crazy potato -- crazy good. Great service, great atmosphere. I go often.
4	Pretty straight forward menu...tacos.Real nice salsa bar.Very clean.  A friend lives nearby and says he's never been by when they weren't cleaning the place.Good prices.Well worth the trip.
5	Tacos made the way gma did.  They even have baked potatoes (these are made the way gpa made 'em).  Plus they have a salsa bar.
4	Great food. I've been eating this stuff since it was actually made in his backyard. But the prices are a little high.
5	Best Mexican food I've ever had! Simple menu but best carne asada. Even though the burrito isn't listed on the menu, it is amazing! Ask for it next time! But truthfully everything is delicious. Great service and the restaurant is always clean. Homemade jamaica, horchata, and lemonade are all tasty. Love the family's story and so happy for their great success!
3	It's good.  The novelty of their story and the very well designed restaurant with unique  marketing flair doesn't move them to great in my book.  Ingredients were fresh, the papa loco is a really cool concept that blended well and had great flavor.  Service was quick and overall was a good experience.  Priced right!  ultimately a trip here turns into a fun economical eating experience.  However, the carne asada had a bunch of "bouncies" in the meat which may not be as much of a hinderance to other yelpers, but the flan may have been one of the worst I've tried.  Again, it's good.
4	Try the carne asada quesadilla too! Hearty portions! Delicious! Muy Rico todo, very authentic, reminds me of Mazatlan, Mexico tacos!
5	By far my favorite taco shop in az!!! Love their steak quesadillas the most but you could honestly close your eyes and pick something and you'll love it
3	Decent salsa. Weird guacamole. Good tortillas. Great carne asada. Flowery horchata. No shrimp or fish tacos. Overpriced Mexican sodas. Good beans. Decent chips. No pork. Three stars. Fix the guacamole. Consider adding fish/shrimp. Price the Mexican sodas at more like 99 cents. Definitely get some carnitas on that menu. Then you get 5 stars.
5	Best tacos I have found in Mesa so far.  This place is what a taqueria should always be, clean, nicely decorated and above all, great quality food.  5s all the way.
4	Went back again this weekend- the service was much better. Carne asada tacos are still delicious. Papa loca is great- packed with lots of meat.
5	Great tacos, great value. This little whole in the wall has a simple menu that delivers great quality. Their salsa bar is of the chain.
4	This place is pretty good, and I'm glad to have another place to eat at in North Mesa. The staff is friendly and I like that is a small local business. The chicken quesadilla and carne asada potato were delicious!  I will be going back for sure.
2	This was my first time visiting and unfortunately I'm not a fan. I usually seek to give good reviews on restaurants and find as many positives as possible but I could not on this one. We ordered tacos, quesadillas, beans, and chips & salsa. The chicken and carne asada meats were delicious, but the rest of the taco didn't come with much else-just cabbage and a hint of red onion. This was mentioned on the menu. They do offer a salsa bar but it only had pico de gallo and a chipotle-type salsa. The chips and salsa come with a thin salsa and a thicker red salsa that is very tasty and these were not found on the salsa bar. It's unfortunate for customers who do not order the chips and salsa as they won't get these variations.The quesadillas lacked quite a bit. They were basically a version of their tacos but larger. Cheese was certainly an afterthought and barely visible. Very disappointed. The beans were probably the worst I've had. Absolutely flavorless.  The restaurant itself is really nice. It's too bad the food doesn't match the ambiance. At first glance of the menu, the prices seem very cheap but now I know the reason why. The menu is very simple, which I like, but they need to go back to the drawing board on a few things otherwise they won't have customers come back.
4	Have been back a few times to Backyard and they have stepped it up. The family pack taco combo is straight bomb. Spoke with the owner Ruben and told him I wrote the first review and would update it with a new recommendation. You gotta try this and I'm telling you order the family pack as an individual if you are a big eater.....it is worth it! Tell them half carne asada and half pollo asado.
3	Backyard Taco is like that 80s cult movie that everybody likes, but when you watch it, and really look at it objectively, the best part about it is the nostalgia.  It has such a cult following that it was guaranteed to be successful the day it opened its doors... And considering they used to operate an illegitimate back yard operation (hence the name), it's kind of deserved, isn't it?First, the good things.  The facility is nice.  And their claim is that they keep the menu simple so that they only serve what they're good at.  This seems to be true about their salsa, carne asada tacos, and chicken tacos, but not their cheese quesadillas.  The quesadilla was boring and flavorless.  But the tacos had great flavor, especially the chicken one.At some point, however, if you want to run a real top-of-the-line taco operation, you have to expand the horizons a little bit.  They don't have any of the nice juicy stuff they serve at the more legit places, like chorizo, lengua, cabeza, pastor... Are they afraid their mostly-white-Mormon clientele won't eat these? (OK, that might be a legitimate concern.)  They don't even serve carnitas.  No pescado.  No camaron.With their limited offerings, it's hard to make an argument that they serve anything close to the best tacos in the Valley.  Atoyac is better, La Condesa is way better, Moreno's may even be better.  I'm tempted to even say Tia Rosa Tacqueria is even better as far as tacos are concerned.This is great food if you're inviting people over to have dinner in your back yard.  But if you're running a restaurant, you have to offer more than the two most boring meat choices on Earth.
5	Great tacos and the crazy potato worth the hype. Not that many places can Americanize good Mexican food but these guys have executed it well. I highly suggest for you to stop by and support this local business. #Provecho
5	Went here on a review from a friend and it was fantastic! My husband and I ordered the chicken and steak tacos, plus a carne asada quesadilla--everything was outstanding. We will defintley be back!
5	This place is good! I had the crazy taco. Like someone said before... CRAZY GOOD!go here!There's not really a kids menu but they chowed down on plain chicken tacos and beans. I wish they made rice. Thats my only suggestion for improvement.
5	Love this place!  The food is delish and the price is amazing!  It can get busy during lunch and dinner times.  Menu is bigger, now they have  burritos!  One of my favorite things is all the stuff they let you get for free on the side.  Cream guacamole, salsa, grilled onions and more. Make sure you check in before. Today they have a special for free salsa!  I will have to save it for next time.
4	Backyard Taco was serving at the Johnson Elementary Carnival. The food was fantastic and grilled right before us. Really enjoyed the carne asada and pollo street tacos. Everyone was raving about their food. One parent was raving about her papa loca. NICE!
5	After driving by all the time when I go to the gym, my boyfriend and I finally went. Wonderful service, clean and great atmosphere (could barely hear street traffic on University), and most importantly, delicious! I love the smaller portioned tacos, and the salsa bar was always stocked and fresh. Will definitely be making bicycle trips back and become a regular! :)
4	Love this place! It's very clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is yummy.I'm not a huge fan of the tostados but the steak quesadilla is to DIE for. We come here often and it's always great. Also, don't forget to try the pico de gallo, it's one of my favorite things about this place
5	This place reminds me of my favorite street tacos in Mexico. However it's brick and mortar, clean and got a lot of variety. For less than $2 you can get a small taco that is packed with flavor. I've seen my Facebook friends eating here a lot so I thought if give it a try. I ordered two steak and two chicken. You can see the meat on the mesquite grill right behind the counter. I loved that the steak was medium instead of well. The chicken was also very juicy. I washed it all down with a mexi-coke. Shame that sugar mexi-cokes are going away. Give this place a try. You won't regret it. I can't make it to Rocky Point every weekend. This place is a fine substitute. I'll be comin back with friends and family.
5	Best asada on the planet. They use prime beef and the freshest ingredients. I eat here 3-4 times a week. I won't eat another taco in Mesa.
4	Amazing delicious tacos! The carne asada on flour tortillas is brilliant. Great fresh food, delicious toppings. I definitely recommend this place :)
5	It's really good food. The crazy potato is the best thing on the menu. The Carne Asada  has been dry at times but not enough to detract from the overall.
5	Backyard Taco!!! OMG this is the best hole in the wall place I have found out here in the valley! Don't except fancy schmancy, because you won't find it! What you will find is some pretty great street tacos.The place is cute; it looks like someone gutted out a house turned the yard into a parking lot & place into a restaurant.  They do have tables inside & a nice seating area outside (they do have the portable heaters outside too) The menu is up on a board its easy and simple to follow. You can see the meat cooking on the grill behind the counter.  The kitchen is a busy place, the place is a busy place, but everything moves fast & smoothly. I have been to Backyard a few times now and I can absolutely say the carne asada tacos are the bomb! So So good!  I'm sure the chicken & veggie ones are too.  Also dig the carne asada burrito, so damn good! When you check in on Yelp, you get a free order of chips and salsa and let me tell you they do not skimp out on the chips!  They also have a great salsa bar to pick up some extra too!Backyard Taco is quickly becoming my favorite grubbing place to go, in a moment of weakness I took my son and his boyfriend and now they are begging to go back too....so much for keeping it just my spot haha.Oh and they even hand out a Repeat Eater Card after the 10th visit you earn a free meal, I see this happening soon haha.
3	This is nice little find in the ever dying Mesa. Like the menu I will keep this short. Little as in way of choices and all you get is a Taco no sides. The food was great, the service was great, and the atmosphere was great. so why only 3 stars you ask. I spent around $8 and got 1 taco and 1 grilled gordita and a drink. was still hungry after wards and had to go else where to fill up. No value for your dollar. offer some sides with your Tacos, some rice would of been nice.
2	The food is OK.  The salsa is just alright. The menu is obnoxious and disorganized.  And the value is poor.  I've paid less at a real Mexican restaurant with full service and better food. I won't be back. Go to Moreno's or La Parria Suiza and feel better about the whole experience when you leave.
5	This place is amazing! Best taco place for the best price!!
3	Came here today on the recommendation of Dee at the wallpaper market, located across the street, inside Creative Home Fabrics. (Little shout out there for Dee's business)  Dee says she gets so hungry when she comes in early because the delicious smell of fresh grilling meat is overwhelming.  I went, ordered lunch to go. It was good.  Steak quesadilla was soaking in grease . I had to take a napkin and soak up the grease.  I ordered 3 steak tacos, and 3 chicken tacos. Good. Had to add a lot of salt and pepper to really enjoy them. The crazy potato with steak was good. I love that they have coke products, styrofoam cups and pellet ice. Love the cucumbers at salsa bar. The place is darling. Very very clean, was PACKED at 12:30pm.  Lots of clean cut business people and elders  ( missionaries) eating here.  It had a really nice " boutique-ee feel to it. The background story is cute and inspiring. The food was good and the place cute and really clean. . I would not drive out of my way to eat here, but would definitely return if I happen to be in the area.
3	Tacos were good, place is small and not enough room. Crowds at the salsa bar...:(
5	Authentic, delicious food that keeps me coming back for more! I had driven by a few times and the place is always busy, finally pulled it up on yelp to see what the buzz was about. Simple menu, salsa bar, bottled soda good friendly service, what more could a taco stand offer? Backyard Tacos offers that and more, chicken and beef street tacos in your preference of corn or flour tortillas, quesadillas, tostadas, burritos, gorditas and tortas, chips and salsa galore! The meat is tender, flavored well and grilled to perfection! The burritos are huge and packed with flavor. Their salsa bar is always fresh and loaded with Pico, salsa Verde, chipotle/fire roasted sauce, cucumbers, and guacamole. Even the sour cream is eye rolling amazing! We have gone several times, never once been disappointed! Fantastic food and friendly service, we love BYT!BYT offers a Repeat Eater card 10 stamps=free meal!Check in on Yelp for their bag of free chips and salsa!
5	Yes I am going to tell you that I ate this food when they actually served it in a backyard. It's a funny story. I had a friend take me and I thought he was out if his mind as we walked into some random empty looking backyard for some Mexican food. Hahaha it turned out to be pretty busy in the back.Now the review.Great food. Good prices. Friendly people. They can be slow at times but other than that it's great.
4	This is such a chill & laid back taco shop for the casual Mexican food diner.  This spot has everything I like in a restaurant:  simple menu, great value, and speedy service.  The ambiance is much align with the name, you get the feel like you are at someone's home which is always conducive to a good time.  I've been here for lunch and dinner and I always leave satisfied.  I recently stopped eating meat and find that the cheese quesadilla with the cabbage mix, or the vegetarian loco potato suffice as great meals.
5	True authenticate Mexican food.  The way it should be with lime and salt.  They have a salsa bar with guacamole, 3 flavors of salsa, limes, and other stuff. Has an area to sit outside or inside and free chips and salsa with yelp check in. Definitely a place you should try if your in or close to mesa. I'll be taking myself and family back soon.
5	Love their twice baked patatoes
4	Really good tacos here. I like to go for Taco Tuesdays! $1.25 per taco from 2-10pm every Tuesday. Great deal. I normally prefer steak/carne asada to chicken at taco joints but at Backyard Tacos, I enjoy them both. I like that you can choose between corn or flour tortillas, also. The Papa Locos are good also. It's basically a baked potato topped with meat of your choice, shredded cabbage, pico & salsa. Its pretty awesome. They have a variety of salsas here. I can't ever remember which one I like so I always take home one of each of the 4 offered. I know one is spicy as hell. Way too spicy for me but my BF likes it. I think it's the green one if I recall. Only con is that its pretty dang small. There's barely any standing room while you're waiting for your order. I constantly have to maneuver around people while waiting because you're either blocking the trash can, the door or the salsa bar. Fortunately the food is ready pretty quick so it's not too bad.
5	This is my new favorite spot to get "street tacos"  the flavor is awesome, super fresh and my meat was perfectly cooked, not dry at all. I like how you can see the food being cooked over the hot coals of the mesquite grill right in front of you as you order. They have some of the best salsa's I've ever had, I honestly would buy jars of it if they sold it separately. It's $1.70 for the typical double corn tortilla "street taco", honestly with quality salsa that comes with it, I think that's a very good deal. The crazy potato is very interesting, it's a baked potato mixed loaded with what would usually be in the taco, kinda reminds me of the Stuffed Baker from Joe's Real BBQ.  Honestly though the tacos are where it's at.
4	With all of the hipster joints turning tacos into $5 affairs it is nice to find the old dives that serve them up right.... sizzling hot and cheap.  A solid spot that provides a great street taco experience.
5	Love this place! My new favorite taco place and the food is so good. I love their carne asada tacos. I eat here about three times a week. They make their tacos just like my mother's. The food is authentic and fresh. The place is always clean and the owners are there firing up the grill. It really has a family appeal.
5	Besides having amazing tacos the ppl working here are friendly. Debit machine went down. I said I'd go get cash,they brought food out to my wife while I was gone and I made sure I went in to pay even tho they didn't sweat it. Carne asada tacos are the best. I had five like a true fatty. Great flavor.super cheap. I wanted to eat so badly I took pic half way thru. Go there and have a good time
4	YUUUUMMMM! I love you crazy potato!
5	Yum best street tacos ever...and on Tuesdays it's even cheaper. 1.80$ tacos you can't get much better than that. Def recommend this to everyone I know
5	Those were some tasty tacos. Also, the ambiance was upbeat compared to any other late night taco spot I've been to in Phoenix or San Diego.
2	Lets start with what I liked... the horchata, tortillas, guacamole, salsa, and cheese is nice! I also liked the interior design.Now, customer service sucked. The girl at the register (receipt said "cindy") had an attitude,  didnt smile or have any facial expression for that matter and she had too much makeup on which, as a chef, I dont like to see in a kitchen.As far as the rest of the staff goes I was disappointed to see none of them wear hats or hair nets. There were numerous employees eating on the line in plane site of customers, there were 2 little kids working as well that didnt appear to be washing their hands after touching their face or hair or after going outside.The lady handling the drinks took forever. We actually received our food before we got our drinks, and I had to remind her at that point of what we ordered because the receipt only showed the sizes and not which beverage. So as excited as I was to go here for the first time, I must say it was a bad experience, and will not be going back for a second visit...
4	THE BEST Street tacos I have had in Arizona after eating Mex here for 15+ years.... Reminds me of being in Cozumel and San Carlos....genuine street tacos.......Meat is moist, and Mesquite flavored just enough. Salsas there are excellent too from a mild pico to their green which has a bite......Refried beans are perfect too.....I will be going back, Taco Tuesdays are a wicked good deal.
1	The tacos are good but not enough to fill you up and certainly not worth thePrice, waited a long time and got some really small tacos!!I would not go there again for sure!
5	Not normally big on taco shops but this one is on the top of my list as a "must eat at once a week."  Super affordable, great flavor and atmosphere.
5	Best Street Taco place around.  We've tried just about everything on the menu and all delicious.  We  aren't really fond of the Gordita, {shell was pretty hard}, but everything else has been perfect.  Love the Crazy Potato, makes a nice side with a couple of tacos.  We have always had good service, but space to wait for food is a little tight if they're busy and the patio is pretty noisy with all the street noise, but you just can't pass up the good tacos for these prices.  Also, love the salsa bar.....always fresh, crisp radishes and cukes.  Order a basket of chips and try the different salsa, etc.
5	Best tacos in the valley hands down! The carne asada tacos here are fantastically tasty and the service is very friendly and cheerful! Such a great place for afternoon lunch or evening out with the family! PS. Gotta try the crazy potato!
5	When i took the first bite of my Carne Asada Burrito, i found the heart to consist of nothing less than Mesquite grilled steak, bursting with flavor and awesomeness.  Move aside, Fili's and Los Fav's, a NEW boss is in town.  I am madly in love with mexican food to begin with, but the flavors emerging from my meal were far beyond my wildest dreams. . . and that says a lot!  I am shocked that I have not eaten here before, being a Carne Asada Connoisseur, and the restaurant only being three miles from where I live!  The food is top notch and tastes amazingly authentic, the atmosphere is pleasant and welcoming, and once you have one bite, there's no turning back. Did I mention the Pico? I have found the actual physical embodiment of Awesomesauce.13/5 stars, but they would only let me put 5 up there, so that's where it'll have to be.  Cheers, and Eat up.
5	I found this place with a friend one night and now we are obsessed. I love the simplicity of their menu and how fresh and delicious everything tastes. I normally get the tacos and their amazing horchata!
5	I love tacos. I love Backyard Tacos. The place is great, it has an awesome layout, you can see them cook everything, and the tacos are unbeatable. The price is great too, you can walk out with a full tummy and a full wallet.
5	I love this place!  Good food, good atmosphere, good price!
5	I loved that they cook the meat on a wood burning Santa Maria grill. Makes all the difference.
4	pretty good! I have always been a huge fan of tacos! the taste is good and not too greasy. I love the variety of sauces and the option to get half corn and half flour tortillas! small menu and simple (:  very clean and A+ customer service.
5	I can't believe I haven't taken the time to rave about this place. Fabulous grilled meats. Love the crazy potatoes with toppings. Tuesday Tacos night $1.25. The salsas are great. And if you like flan, order it as soon as you get there. It is homemade and they run out fast. Sometimes, I stop just for the flan. It is family owned. The prices are great and they give you a punch card which they trade for $5.00 off after 10 punches. The only drawback here is it is always crowded.
5	Let us be honest with our selves. This place is tasty. Eat and eat and eat. The only problem is the total of your purchase will surprise you and get pretty high pretty quick.
4	I like Backyard Tacos! The food is yummy and a good price. I really love sitting outside under the cute lights. My one issue with this place is the set up of the salsa bar! There is constantly a group of people around it because it's just not set up for more than 1 person at a time. Other than that I think it's a fun and casual place to eat!
5	The Papas Locas are amazing! I will definately eat here again!
3	Nice little laid back place. Menu is simple and food Is good. Salsa bar. Meat is cooked right on the grill.
2	My first time going I ordered the Carne Asada burrito and loved the taste if the meat so I went back a second time and ordered the Carne Asada tacos 3 if them and was still hungry.  Decided the third time to go back to the burrito and there was very little meat thought I was eating a bean burrito. Good once disappointed twice.
5	Love this place!!
4	The chicken was awesome.  The steak was very good too.  Plus the chip dip was yum! These tacos remind me of the street tacos in Mexico. So good!
5	Backyard Taco has brought out the worst behavior in me.  The carne asada is to blame! (It's the best in town and I'm hopelessly addicted.) The other day when my wife excused herself from the table where we were enjoying takeout from Backyard Taco to answer the door, I took a big bite of her carne asada burrito.  She came back and looked at me askance but I blamed it on the dog. I think she knew I was lying. (Oh, help me!)  Even worse when my toddler son came up to me and asked for a bite of my taco I told him, "Get lost kid!" It may be a sin, but that carne asada made me do it. Hands down the best tacos and burritos in town.  It'll drive a good man bad!
5	Back when they were still serving out of backyards, I got my wife, who is from Texas and is picky about Mexican food, to admit they were the best tacos she's had in Arizona. You won't regret a trip here.
4	I've had the chicken quesadilla, taco and carne asada burrito.  All are fantastic.  Staff is very friendly.  The facilities are clean.  Most importantly, I feel safe eating their food.  Last month I got food poisoning from a local ghetto Mex restaurant.  Eat here!
4	first visit here and my first success at having my autistic daughter eat a taco. she has a fear of lettuce and Backyard taco doesn't use lettuce but cabbage instead. we had chicken soft street tacos, carne asada tacos, and both in quesadellia form. The pico/salsa bar was tiny but delicious and the fresh lemonade was the best I've ever had. A bit expensive for my single mom budget (17.50 for 2, no desert) but hey it was Cinco de Mayo and we wanted to celebrate with some wicked good food. Not disappointed!  It was busy for dinner, but easy parking, quick order and production, and very clean.
5	Ok,  so if you're a stuffed shirt who is worried about how many beans are in a calorie ... please go away so the rest of us can enjoy this hidden gem!  This place is not fancy, just good. Sit inside or out for a friendly, cozy atmosphere. I am a lover of carne asada. Congrats Backyard Taco, you nailed it! The corn tortilla carne asada taco is where it's at. The salsa bar is filled with awesomeness. I will be back!
5	Discovered this place at my son's school carnival! Not only do I love local businesses that are involved in the community, but man do they make a good taco! It's so simple yet so delicious! We tried them out at their place and it's got a great local vibe as well. Definitely found my new taco shop.
4	Ordered the chips and salsa, steak tacos, potato taco, and quesadilla.  The steak tacos were tasty; plenty of meat. The potato taco was a little dry, but I doused it with the salsa bar guacamole to kick it up a notch. The quesadilla was, meh. The chips and salsa was good. I will be back.
4	We love this place!When we first moved from California, we began searching for a good take-out Mexican food place. Surprisingly, we were having a hard time finding one until we found Backyard Taco.We eat here pretty regularly now. We find the tacos to be good, but we like the burritos even more! The restaurant is always clean. Also, they have a good selection of salsa's to choose from. If I knock them for anything, it is the guacamole. It is runny and seems like it came out of a squirt bottle - I'd rather have the real stuff. That aside, I highly recommend Backyard Taco!
4	This place is pretty good. I went in with my wife and ordered carne asada tacos. I was a little taken aback when the cashier said I could not have them with cilantro and onion. However, I just had them with the house toppings and was pleasantly surprised. The salsa bar is good too. The quality of the meat is excellent and their outdoor seating is a great way to enjoy your meal there.The only down side to this place is that they were blasting reggaeton music on the speakers. Not that great for having a conversation and I'm pretty sure the owners are from Mexico, not the DR. Didn't really fit the place.
5	Finding this jewel not too far from my own backyard has made trouble for me as I can't stay away! Tacos al carbon as good as it gets, good prices and quick, friendly service. This place is full of character, too. You will have a hard time picking a favorite between the carne asada and chicken items.
5	I'm revisiting my review now that it's safe to say I've had everything on the menu. Where has this Crazy Potato been all my life? (Papa Loca) I was in Backyard Taco and the owner himself took my order and introduced me to a new stampcard. Buy 10, get 1 meal free (up to $5). My guess is, I will have filled this card in about two weeks. My favorite items are the tacos on corn tortillas, the steak tostada and now the potato. The chips and salsa are delicious as well, and complimentary with your Yelp check-in. Great that they're open late, too.
3	The carne asada was pretty good, but we thought the chicken was mediocre.  Nice homemade tortillas.
5	amazing street tacos and a cool atmosphere
5	This place rocks my wife and I can't get enough of their tacos..
5	They are so nice here! I am vegetarian, and they helped me find something to eat.. The crazy potato was fantastic! Highly recommend it :-). Chips and salsas were really good too! FYI the beans have lard in them..
4	Be prepared to wait on a Tuesday!  But totally worth it!!
4	Love the steak tacos just wish they had more places to sit.  Still they make a mean taco and have great home made hot salsa
5	Best tacos EVER. I'm not a taco person, but I still find myself craving the carne asada at least once a month. I love the guacamole, too.
2	After going here more and more often, the less I like it. The food is okay, but the biggest thing is that the prices are really steep and you're going to find way better taco places elsewhere.
5	Don't let the name fool you. There is indoor seating. The chips and salsa are perfect companions to each other and to any meal. The best chips and salsa that I have had in years! The vegetarian crazy potatoes are my new comfort food.
5	This place has THE BEST tacos.  I have been to other taco bars in the area and this by far takes the cake.  Their tacos are delicious, I usually get the carne asada.  Some salsa with a squeeze of lime, they're perfect.  I wish it was closer to my house but I don't mind the drive for these babies.  Give this place a try! =)
5	The tacos were great. Reminded me of the street tacos you can get... just without the unintended consequences that usually follows. I also got a quesadilla and it was good, though I think it would be difficult to screw up a cheese quesadilla. The salsa bar was nice and even had some guacamole.The patio area is nice, even in the summer. I think misters were probably god's gift to Phoenix for making this land so unbearably hot. I will definitely go back as everything I had was excellent.
5	It's more like a 4.5 but since it was so great I rounded up rather than down.  That said, the entire experience was wonderful.  A friend of mine suggested that we give it a go for dinner because it was Taco Tuesday.  The tacos are $1.25 from early afternoon until 10pm every Tuesday.  They were fresh, fast, and delicious.  The restaurant itself is located in a less-than-pristine part of downtown Mesa but you would never guess it.  From the bright, modern look of the outside to the absurd cleanliness of the inside (INCLUDING the bathrooms which tells you a lot about any restaurant), aesthetically it is appealing and seems out of place compared to some of the neighborhood that surrounds it.  When you walk up you are greeted by a cozy patio with lush plants and white, twinkly lights.  Upon entering, it's colorful, lively but not rowdy, and the kitchen is the first point of reference.  Immediately you'll notice an iron grill with food roasting on it.  You can watch your food being prepared and handled with care.The food and drink (in my case, Horchata) were phenomenal.  I got all three types of tacos (carnitas, chicken, and pulled beef).  There is a salsa bar with pickled onions, guac, cucumbers, citrus, radishes, a JALAPENO SALSA, pico de gallo and two types of salsa.  It's included as part of the experience; they aren't trying to nickle and dime you.  All of this positive feedback in mind, it was the moment I received my food that the place went from a 5 to a 4... I know street tacos are small but I felt that these were a tad too small.  Regularly priced I would have spent $6 and had it not been for the complimentary salsa bar (I took full advantage of the cucumbers with pico de gallo which took them from a 4 to a 4.5) I would have left hungry.  On days other than Tuesday, I feel like they might want to offer a 3 for $5 deal.  That extra dollar to put towards a 4th taco would make all the difference in my simple, frugal peace of mind.  Luckily, Tuesday comes every week so if I'm being super cheap, that'll be the day I go.All-in-all it was a near perfect taco experience.  Thanks for choosing Mesa to plant this little gem.  I will be returning often and recommending it to friends!
5	This place was awesome!  We are frequent visitors of Mexico and love everything about the country - and this was the next best thing.  We ordered the chips. carne asada burrito, carne asada taco, pollo asada taco, and a vegi loco papas.  They were all SO good!!!  The lemonade was killer and hubby enjoyed drinking a Mexi Coke out of the bottle.  Killer lunch for two?  Well under $20.
5	Love this place. Best tacos in town.
5	Backyard Taco has delicious food and its very cheap! It is a small place, quite little seating inside and out, but it did not bother me. It is well organized, clean, and the inside is up to date. When I went there for the first time, it was very busy, so if you go here you must go here early.
5	We've kind of fallen in love with this place. The Carne Asada is to die for. Street tacos and Burritos with guacamole. Yum!!!!
5	Taco Tuesday, anyone? Well make that Taco Thursday, too! That's when I discovered this lovely place. My friends and I was craving somewhere yummy yet affordable since our paychecks didn't roll in yet. My bestie and her husband actually discovered this place 2 days prior after working out at LA Fitness next door and they were like let's go back! They wanted to go right after they went; that I must check out. It was cute little place; even my friend was like, "You know this is an euthentic place when there is a chihuahua roaming around." No joke; there was a chihuahua just roaming abouts; super cute. Their prices were super doable; a taco for $1.50 and it's not like the ones from taco bell? I went crazy. I had three tacos, one quesadilla, horchata and (since I Yelp) got a side of chips and salsa for free at check-in (so CHECK-IN). I was soooo full after half of my quesadilla and 2nd taco but I kept going because it was so good. We went at around 6PM and the sun was still out. There are sprinklers outside so it did not feel too hot; very nice actually. Only complain I have is probably the salsa bar. It was small and wish there was another one so everyone didn't have to crowd that one table in the corner next to the salsa bar.
3	This place was highly recommended by several friends. While it was good I dont think that it lived up to the hype. I ordered steak and chicken tacos. The steak had good flavor and they did pack as much meat as they could into the tiny tortillas. I need more time to sample and explore the salsa bar but the creamy green jalepeno salsa was good. The chicken tacos lacked flavor and were a little dry. Prices were a bit higher than I expected. I paid $8 flat for 3 small tacos and a coke in a bottle. The place was tiny and it was difficult to get to the salsa and back to my table. I was there during lunch on a Friday so that is to be expected. Service was average. The tables were clean and the place appeared well kept. Great story of how the place was started, good food but just did not live up the hype.
5	Yum! Quick stop for lunch. Tacos so good I went back for more. Very fresh and very good.
4	If you want fast, no-nonsense tacos, you've come to the right place.  Even though the food comes out quickly, they do not compromise authenticity for speed.  It's not a very extensive menu, but expect to be full and satisfied.  The dining area is really small with limited seating (although there is a patio area with misters) so I would suggest taking the food home to enjoy.  A solid experience.
2	I live right around the corner from BYT so when they opened up I was hoping against hope that it would be a great place to eat. You see, this area of Mesa is a foodie black-hole. In order to have a decent meal you have to travel across Mesa to reach a decent restaurant. I've been to BYT several times now, reserving judgement until I had experience the place enough and I have to say it's pretty disappointing. I've been to Mexico and have experienced authentic street tacos, but I've found BYT's to be very dry and tasteless. To top it off, it's pretty expensive for the portion size.
5	We just found this place about 3 weeks ago, after recently moving into the area. We loved it!! The food was great and the service was great! We will definitely be going back for more.
5	This place rocks! All of the food is awesome from the chicken tacos to the Carne asada quesadilla. The Birria tacos are second to none and the salsa bar is awesome with fresh salsa, guacamole,  and pickled onions that I have dreams about. If you are in the area try this place out it will not let you down, be warned they can get busy fast and they are a small restaurant. But I promise they are worth the wait.
5	My family and friends went to back yard taco. Wow! The food is awesome.   I ordered chicken tacos and chicken burritos.   It is very delighted.   My family and I will come back to this awesome place.  Joyride taco need to learn from this place, all of you non authentic need to eat here so you'll know what a real Mexican taco, is.   At least this place won't take you for a ride. The food here at back yard taco is very reasonable..
5	Simply Amazing
5	Great food! Ate at the restaurant and took food home for later! I read a lot about people loving the crazy potato but I wasn't that impressed with it. Carne Asada tacos were the best though. Definitely will go back.
5	Where do I start great food friendly staff the crowd was a little bitchy service was fast who I think was the owner was friendly and informative must go
4	The food was definitely worth five stars. The carne asada was deeeeelicious!  The only complaint I had was the lack of seating. We had to eat outside, and outside in AZ in August is no bueno.
3	This place had been highly recommended by many friends, and while the food was good, it left me feeling underwhelmed. I loved the atmosphere, and how well kept it was, especially when I frequent many hole-in-the-wall Mexican food places with my husband. And my favorite thing from the menu was the baked potato. But, I felt like the tacos were just not quite there in flavor. I will probably give it another chance at some point, though.
5	It's not a big secret that this place rocks. There's almost always a line when I stop by, but their service is extremely speedy so it'll only be 5 minutes before they finish making your delicious food for you hungry carnivores reading this. A stand-alone location that serves up some delicious tacos y burritos y gorditas, Im definitely addicted to their endless salsa bar. The guacamole is a miss, but can't really complain when it's free. Their free chips & salsa for checking in makes it a 5 star place.
5	Get take out, there's not much seating. Food was affordable and delicious! So glad there's some place great to grab a quick bite near by. I just wish they had drive through...
5	This place is the best!
5	We went here for the first time tonight and it was awesome! We each had the carne asada tacos and split a carne asada quesadilla,  It was all excellent as was the salsa. The crowd was a good mix of collage kids, couples and Mexican families. It was a nice if not quiet setting, when it cools down it will be nice to sit on the patio. We can't wait to go back.
4	The tacos are delicious!! So tasty but we tried the gordita, the burrito, quesadilla, and chips and salsa and were not impressed. The salsas are just okay as well. I will be returning but ONLY for the tacos!
3	I really expected better. I read all these glowing reviews and was rather excited to go. However, everything was a la carte and very small. Fine, no worries, I do not expect everything to be like a typical Mexican restaurant. I can adjust. I ordered a chicken taco and a carne asada tostada. The chicken was dry and the tostada was burnt.The restaurant was clean. Service was good and friendly, but I do not go to restaurants for atmosphere....I will probably try this place again to see if I just hit it on a bad day.....but overall I was not impressed.
3	Decent tacos,  nothing special.  I've tried everything on the menu.  Price is right,  food is consistently solid.  Service friendly.  But I have no Idea why they have lines. Surprisingly I enjoyed the chicken more than the carne asada.  The salsa is good.  Stick to the tacos I wouldn't go for other things on limited menu.  I do applaud them for the limited menu, they have their niche and stick to it.
5	The carne asada is awesome! On Tuesday it is $1.25 taco night... Place is always fairly busy for a good reason - the food is good!
5	If you want great authentic street tacos this is the place to come. The meats are grilled and oh wow !! So, so good. They have a lot of other items like a crazy potato that is really good. It's a baked potato filled with sour cream , your choice of grilled meat finely diced cabbage onions pico and a special sauce. If you go,try it during the week..  if you dare the weekends are ipacked out the door waiting but, well worth it. :)
4	Great flavor at great prices! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. Will definitely recommend and go back.
4	We've been by this place a number of times since we live right by it and we finally decided to try it.  The family was starving and I was in the mood to try something new.  I ordered some chicken and beef tacos, chicken and beef tostadas, a cheese quesadilla, some chips/salsa, and flan to go.  It didn't take too long for the order.  It was probably in the 5-10 minute range.  I took it all home and placed it on the table for everyone to dig in.  We pulled out the tacos and tostadas.  The meat was great!  Everyone agreed that the tacos were better than the tostadas.  The tostadas seemed to be a little on the crispy side.  The kids tore through the quesadilla so I'm assuming it was pretty good.  The chips and salsa were very good.  They also give you a salsa bar to select different kinds of salsa which is very nice.  We sampled the different salsas and found them all to be very tasty.  We all finished and it was time for dessert...the flan.  Wait, all the bags were open...where was the flan???  Well $&%@!!!!  They didn't give us the flan but they were nice enough to charge us for it.  I have to admit it was one of the pictures I saw here on yelp and it looked so good.  I was really looking forward to trying it.  I thought about going back and the kids wanted me to go back but it was late on a Monday night and I just wasn't feeling like going to argue for flan.  I've been debating between giving this place a 3 or a 4.  I really liked the meat but I'm really pissed about the flan.  I finally decided to go ahead and give it a 4.  I did like the flavor of the meat and I will probably return for more tacos.  If you get takeout I would highly suggest giving your bag a couple of extra checks to make sure you aren't missing any items or you risk getting home and being disappointed.
3	Their beans are okay tortillas are good. But I asked for some vegetables in the burrito and they just didn't get that concept.
4	Truly authentic Mexican.  I loved the quesadilla.  My only letdown is that I enjoy crunchy taco's, which they do not do.  Next time I am going to try the burrito.
3	Food and atmosphere are standouts, as well as the ownership and lure of the restaurant's hand prepared food and presentation.  But at the end of your meal, you are really just getting a snack.  The quality of food is top notch for buc, but the quantity is on the skimpy side once you realize only your tastebuds were satisfied.  Twice now, I have eaten there and had to go for a second dinner same night and I am average 6'0" 180lb so not exactly needing to pig out.So if you want a cute, quaint experience this is a great gig with friends and out of towners, but if you are truly wanting quality as fulfilling meal . . . I would pass and head North a few more blocks to De Tia Rosas on McKellips / Lindsay http://www.ranchodetiarosa.com/
5	By far the closest I have found to Mexico street tacos!! Meat has that crisp texture and the salsa bar has all the fixings! Wash it down with a hecho en Mexico bottle of fanta
4	i live backyard tacos. their carne asada is the tits.. probably the best carne asada ive had in arizona.
5	Love, love it. We have been back so many times. My husband loves this place and even dreams about it. Carne asada tacos are so good. I love the cucumbers and the guacamole. Have not tried the burritos yet. You know the food is awesome if you see a diversity of people there. There can be a bit of wait but it's worth it.
5	Been here a bunch of times, but never reviewed it. Best tacos around period. I haven't tried anything else. Why?
4	When the king of pop decided against "Beautiful Young Thing" for his epic 1982 album, Thriller, that set the wheels in motion for what we know today as BYT.When this place is packed, and it gets packed, you'll be doing the moonwalk as patrons enter and exit by means of any open crevice between you and the other line-mongers.  Michael was so right... You Are Not Alone, but tough it out, because once you sink those bleached choppaz into your first bite, you'll Wanna Be Startin Somethin.I can personally vouch for the carne asada, chicked and birria tacos, with the later being my favorite.  My wife and I split a carne, cheese and bean burrito.  My only complaint was the fatty chunks, and the gristle.  I wont ding them too hard, as they were totally slammed.The biggest disappointment of the night came in a styrofoam cup.  The side of frijoles we ordered had to have been from a can... like a can of Rosarita.  I can see them needing a fallback with as  busy as they were, its possible they could have sold out of the good stuff.  I wont know for sure, until my return visit.  I use Elmer's Tacos or Rancho Market as my bean baseline, so be on your A game guys, because based on The Way You Make Me Feel will determine if I'm going to continue to Rock With You, or not... because I will Remember The Time.I also polished off an order of chips & salsa, a Mexican coke and a large horchata... so I left pre-diabetic and pretty stuffed... so much that I almost didn't recognize that Man In The Mirror.
4	Great tacos for a very affordable price. Try the Carne Asada!
5	Really authentic Mexican Taco's chicken and carne asada tacos were really good, must have tacos.
5	Awesome carne asada tacos! Some of the best I've ever had. Highly recommend the crazy potato as well. Great fast service! Forgot to mention the salsa bar and avocado sauce. A must have.
5	This place is awesome. Simple, tasty, stylish, we'll be coming back here again and again.
5	This place is amazing!! The carne asada tacos are the best!! Come on Tuesdays for better deals! All of the food is authentic and delicious!
5	WOW so good! I don't think you could go wrong ordering anything here. SO DELISH! Husband ordered carne asada gordita I got a carne asada taco and a chicken tostada.
4	Very good carne asada tacos for AZ.  One of the closer ones compared to good tacos in Sonora, Mexico.  Will definitely be going back. Recommend putting the cabbage (repollo) out at the salsa/accessories bar and make it a little bigger and not minced.  Would be great if salsa bar was accessible from both sides too as gets crowded in the corner with others waiting for food and tables nearby.  Look at Ta Carbon in west Phoenix for their salsa bar set up.
5	Food here is delicious, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The carne has a really good flavor cooked fresh off the grill. The owner is really nice and even gave me a free backyard taco t-shirt! Love this place for lunch or dinner, Yumm!
5	I visited this taco shop and its a hit!!!I pulled in and saw 3 police cars(they were eating inside) and I knew this must be a good spot. I give it 10 stars!I recommend the to go menu to serve your family at home.
1	Just wasn't what is was made out to be. Won't be back. I can make better tacos in my backyard.
5	Small,simple, clean and very very tasty! I have to go out of my way to enjoy this place and it's so worth it.
5	Best taco place in the world. I often drive 30 mins out my way to eat there.
5	My buddy brought me here for a quick lunch. He ordered something for me that I never would have tried: the crazy potato. I was genuinely surprised; in the words of Dora the Explorer: "yum, yum, yum... delicioso!" The place was clean, the staff pleasant, and atmosphere above average for a quick-stop eatery. If you are in the neighborhood, don't miss this place!
5	Great tasting Mexican food! I love how fresh everything tastes. This nice little place is great to eat at or take out. It has that authentic atmosphere and it is very decent. Love the steak and chicken tacos. Has a lot of flavor!
3	I had the crazy potato (steak) and a couple of their steak tacos. To be honest, it's all small portions and not the greatest flavors I would have expected. Service was excellent though, just wish I would have known how small the tacos were, I would have bought more. I definitely left hungry.
5	This place is always good and the prices are fair. There's not a while lot on the menu but they make up for it by have a few really good items.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place, but I have heard that people either love it or hate it, so your mileage may vary.First off, everything is a la carte. There are no "combo platters" or anything like that. You order what you want. (don't forget the Yelp check-in special for free chips and salsa!)Don't expect "sit-down" Mexican restaurant with waitstaff, plates, and silverware. If you think of it more like a stationary food truck, you may have a better idea of what this place is all about. I have tried everything on the menu and have not been disappointed. Unlike some other reviewers, I have not experienced the "dry meat" syndrome, although sometimes we have seen pretty light cheese on the quesadillas. The "Papa Loca" is something I have not seen on the menu anywhere else, and it is both tasty and filling, but I really prefer the tacos and gorditas. My wife and kids really like the quesadillas. Don't forget to grab some sauces, pico, and salsa from the salsa bar to dress up your tacos -- they are traditional and very simply prepared. Therein lies the beauty. The place is small and can get VERY crowded, but service generally remains pretty fast. I have not been there on "taco Tuesday" when they drop the price on their tacos, but I can imagine the place becomes a veritable zoo.  I found the beans to be a little bland, but anyone who has made real refried beans at home knows that many recipes don't call for a lot of seasoning in the beans -- that way, you can add that after the fact with toppings and salsas.The horchata is worth getting: it always tastes fresh.
5	YUM!!!!  This place is a little gem in Mesa.  My hubby and I stopped in on a Saturday for lunch and apparently beat the rush, because right after we ordered, the line started growing out the door and onto the patio.  We ordered street tacos, of which we like both the beef ones the best.  We also both ordered a bean and cheese burrito, which was way too much food, but we both couldn't stop eating because it was one of the best bean and cheese burritos either of us had eaten before.  The salsa bar was also to die for- at least 4 different salsas to choose from along with cucumbers and pickled onions.  We took full advantage of the free check in offer of chips and salsa.  The salsa that came with the chips was chunky and juicy at the same time and had a ton of flavor!  Anytime I crave a burrito from now on, we'll be going to Backyard Taco!
4	We really like this place. They have a small menu, so that is really nice. We always get a family pack of tacos that is half steak and half chicken with flour tortillas.( It comes with one pound of cooked meat, sixteen tortillas and the toppings so you assemble them at home or wherever.) If you ask they will give you bigger containers to fill up at their salsa bar, instead of the small ones that they have out. ( Useful if you are getting a family pack.) I am giving them four stars instead of five because it is hit or miss if they will actually be open.  Several times over the past year we have gotten there just to find out they are closed for something or another ( Water heater breaking, owners being on vacation, or just closing early and not giving an excuse.) We have learned to call in advance, it has saved a lot of trips out there when they are closed during their normal business hours. They also aren't open on Sundays, so that sucks.
4	No to the bean burrito, but yes to the beef and steak tacos! Say goodbye to places like Taco Bell. Once you've eaten here, you will never want to visit another fast food taco place again.
2	I really wanted to like this place..Being an L.A native, I guess I have a different understanding and love for tacos. This place just didn't impress me. 2 stars for being the only decent taco place in the area. I would go back, but won't go out of my way.
2	After hearing about this place being the best, my girlfriend and I decided to try it and its not what everyone makes it to be w could have payed way less buying the ingredients ourselfs and taste the same or even better. We bought a total for 4 tacos each and 2 drinks and ended up paying $25. They only have 3 different meats for the tacos as well chicken fish and carne asada. Seriously so not worth it save your money and go to a little hole in the wall it will be just a good or maybe even better and way less expensive.... Hope this helps some of you out there
4	Love it!  High quality, street tacos, quesadillas, burritos.  carne asada burrito with beans and sour cream is wicked good! The meat is so flavorful.   The patio is cute and cozy.  Fast, cheap, delicious!
5	Hands down the best place for tacos around. You got to check this place out. I've never had a bad experience. Really nice staff and great service.
5	Live right around the corner and love this place.  We usually get the take out family pack and make tacos at home but decided to eat here tonight. Good just can't be beat. Fresh ingredients cooked to perfection.
4	Wow. Flame grilled meat, wonderful flavors in the tacos. The salsas are all amazing as well, I suspect flame grilled veggies in the salsa. Very delicious. I like the reviewer who said it's like a stationary food truck, because that's exactly what it's like. You order a la carte at the counter. My chicken was dry, yes, but not inedible, and with the salsa I didn't even care, the flavor was amazing!!I'll definitely go back and definitely recommend it to everyone else.If you check in, you get free chips and salsa! Woot!!
5	I absolutely love backyard taco...been eating the incredible food made by the owners for many years now and their carne asada tacos are some of the best in the world. nothing more to say then tasty, yummy, goodness!!!
5	Authentic tacos at a reasonable price!  It's hard to justify visiting any other taco shop if you're in the neighborhood.  I frequently change my order to try different flavors and combinations.  Today was three tacos, each with the different meat.  They are all good, but the steak is really hard to beat!
5	Whoa, just had this place for the 3rd time...  Hard to beat the flavor of their carne asada - not sure if it's their marinade or the fact that's it's grilled, but it's unbelievable.  Everything I've had here is good.  My only constructive feedback is the salsa is kind of weak, but that's not keeping me from coming back.  Highly recommend...
4	Back Yard Taco. Fantastic lunch. This place is close to my place of employment and is fairly priced and the chicken menu is delicious. Lunch time rush is a bit much however, the service is petty quick. Frequent stop for me. Recommend to all.
3	Tried both the carne asada and the chicken.  The meat needs seasoned!  The price is pretty fair given the portion size.  The pico de gallo is really flavorful, but  the other flavors are muted.  If I'm in the neighborhood, I could see going back.
3	Went here with my group for work to say goodbye to a teammate.  I had three Carne Asada tacos which were alright.  I was really hoping there would be a little more flavor or spice or something which most of us all agreed with.  Although we were all jealous of the one person who ordered the Potato...  damn we should have gotten that.  We ended up sitting outside on their covered front patio which was really nice since it was a beautiful day out.   If I'm ever in the area... I'd keep this place in mind and I'd definitely try the potato next time.  However, I wouldn't go out of my way to get here since its pretty far from both my home and work.
4	Always a good choice for some delicious food! Been coming here for the past year and a half, never once have I been disappointed. It does get pretty busy around lunch so plan ahead when going for a work day run.
4	So glad a friend suggested this place!  Family of 4, with two kiddos, and we all were happy with our meals.  I had the vegetarian crazy potato, which was a really cool menu item.  The place was packed, but the kitchen got food out fairly quickly and there was plenty of outside seating.  Will definitely come back, and recommend to others!
4	Lovely staff (Backyard Taco is great) and delicious omelettes.  Defo try their self made bread. Coffee as much as you want.
5	This place has grilled beef and chicken and might make a run against Carolinas for best food in my mind. The salsas were delicious.  We had tacos and burritos. Recommended.
3	I went here with a friend last night after wanting to try this place for some time. It was nice that they are open late (ish... 11pm). I was really excited to try their food after reading all of the rave reviews, but overall, I thought it was just ok. I ordered a birria taco, a carne asada gordito - crispy as recommended by the girl taking my order, and a pollo vampiro. All of this (plus my free chips... thanks Yelp!) cost about 9$, fairly reasonable. The restaurant was busy, with many people waiting to get a table inside due to it being fairly cold outside (though they had heaters going outside making it effectively warmer out there), but we managed to snag a table inside. The food was prepared quickly and with a stop at the salsa bar, we were ready to eat. Unfortunately, the food was sort of a mixed bag. My friend had a bean and cheese burro and said it was amazing. The birria taco was fairly good, the meat was tender and flavorful. The vampiro was decent.... I liked the crispy tortilla, but the meat was nothing special. The gordita was not so good. The shell was incredibly chewy and hard to eat, the flavor was on the burnt side.... the carne asada was fine, but the shell... not so much. I'm not sure if this is how this dish usually tastes or if it was just an off night. The salsas from the salsa bar were all good and tasted fresh. They had many salsas that tasted unlike anything I have ever had before... in a good way. Overall, this place was alright, but I couldn't see myself making a special trip out here to have it again.
4	I like it. Meat was a little grisly but other than that, I was impressed. Good job on this one guys.
