3	The Castle Rock Hostel is really cool. It's located literally across the street from Edinburgh Castle and is very easy to find. The interior decoration was very cute and enjoyable, and the staff was incredibly friendly. I believe they also held little weekly events, but I didn't go as I was only in Edinburgh for the night. I only ranked it 3 stars for a few reasons. One, they were strangely adamant about which bed I was sleeping in. I was traveling with only one other friend and we had a bunk bed. I was assigned the bottom and she the top, but we decided to switch and I don't know, the staff was weird about it. Secondly, the beds were extremely uncomfortable. I can pretty much fall asleep anywhere sitting straight up with music blaring, and I still found it difficult to sleep that night because of how uncomfortable the bed was.Thirdly, the bunk beds are weirdly tall. Like, there is a massive amount of room between the bottom and top bunks. This doesn't sound like it'd be a problem. But it is when you're on the top and your duvet falls off the bed in the middle of the night for the third time and you fall off the ladder in your mid-slumber in attempt to retrieve it because the rungs are placed so far apart.The last reason is really no fault of the hostel's. My friend and I were put into a room of twelve and some of the girls in that room were incredibly rude and inconsiderate.
4	I really liked this hostel. It's in a great location -- right next to Dublin Castle, down the street from the Royal Mile (where a lot of tours start) and Grassmarket's cool pubs and restaurants, easy to get to from the Airlink bus from Edinburgh Airport (take the bus to Waverly!) The interior of the hostel was so cool! There were three lounges to hang out in and they were all decorated in different styles of decor. There was free hot chocolate, always a plus. Pool tables, a juke box, board games...The room was clean and the beds were comfortable (especially after a long day of walking and touring the city). My friend and I switched beds no problem because I am afraid of heights and didn't want to sleep on the top. Overall, a great experience! Only reason it didn't get the fifth star is because the bathrooms were pretty dirty -- I couldn't convince myself to take a shower there even with flip flops on. I guess that's to be expected at a busy hostel like Castle Rock.
4	Castle Rock Hostel is a really good place to crash while you're checking out Edinburgh. The rooms were fairly clean (though there were item left behind from lots of previous guest). Pros - Great water pressure and hot showers. The beds were comfy although they weren't real mattresses. Secure lockers and keys provided for all guests. Great common areas (though people didn't seem all that social). Superb location. Friendly staff who seemed authentic and wanted to help out. Cons - Breakfast kind of sucked. Especially since you had to pay 1.50 pounds, it was just cereal and a biscuit and the same everyday. As a new guest it was also confusing to find stuff (i.e. coffee mugs, utensils, etc). They could benefit from a couple more signs in the lounge areas to direct people where to go.
4	OH MY GOSH THIS HOSTEL WAS AMAZING!!I'm not sure where to start. 1) The staff is SO accommodating. I spoke with them through emails a few weeks before I visited and they made it so easy to change my hostel arrangements. When I arrived I was in DIRE need of cold weather clothes (typical annoying Californian...) and they directed me to the nearest H&M, which isn't too far away.2) The location was pretty nice. My room was on the top floor with a window on the roof. When opened, you could poke your head out and see the Castle. 3) Everything is really up-to-date. For being such an old (and beautiful) building, the rooms were very clean, very insulated, and very modern. There are individual lockers you can put your stuff in at no extra cost. The bathrooms were marvelous. The showers were extremely warm and had amazing water pressure, and there were individual toilet rooms. Honestly, I thought the rooms had bathrooms attached to them so I was a bit surprised that it was a community bathroom (all the way at the opposite end of my hallway), but the bathrooms were never filled with people and it worked out well.4) Edinburgh seemed very touristy, so it wasn't my favorite place. I met some cool people, but I didn't get along with any of my roommates. One chick was offended when I changed into my PJs in front of her. NEWSFLASH: if you are uncomfortable with someone changing in front of you, you probably should not be staying in a hostel, or at the very least request a female only room, not a co-ed room. Obviously this is not the hostels fault, but I just needed to vent about that somewhere.5) Price. It was so affordable!!! You do get a great bang for your buck! Breakfast isn't free, however. I never ended up eating their breakfast because I wanted to try Scottish specific foods, so I can't comment on that.6) I forgot to add - there are outlets near all the beds, as well as little shelves to place your phone on if you want it to charge next to you overnight. VERY convenient. There are also spotlights in the shelves, but mine didn't work.I did end up leaving a day early only because I felt Edinburgh just wasn't the place for me. However, I made good memories and would definitely recommend this hostel to anyone in search of a good place.
