1	I hate this location. So much. So so so much. Every single time I have come here (it's been more than a few, trust me), they manage to royally screw up my order. It's not that hard people, you slice the bagel, you toast it, you give me my cream cheese on the side. I don't know how many times they give me the wrong cream cheese, don't toast the bagel, or put the cream cheese on it. Wrong! Wrong wrong wrong! Also, the employees here are either ignoring you or are clueless. As well as slightly unpleasant. Oh! And it's dirty - check out their "espresso bar".
1	This location makes me hate the entire Einsteins franchise.  Seriously, the people who go here never know what they want and just dick around in line.  Then, on top of that, the people who work here can't manage to get an order right - ever.  I always get a pb&j power bagel...except for when they are out of power bagels (which seems more common than one might imagine).  What I end up getting is a rock hard power bagel cut in half with peanut butter on it and a little container of jelly.  Um, why am I doing your job?  Aren't I paying you for the ability to make a bagel?  Why must I do this?  I hate spreading jelly on top of peanut butter and since you decided to but pb on each side of my bagel (AND TOAST IT, which I didn't ask for) I now have to do this disgusting task.  I hate you and everything about you.  I also hate macbook guy who sits at the 4-top with his laptop in one spot, his bag in another, his iphone in the third, and his coffee in the fourth.  Thanks for takin up the whole table d-bag.  I'll make sure to spill my drink on your Prius on my way out.
1	I have to agree with everyone else.  There is something seriously wrong with this location.  Maybe it's because they are stuck inhaling the remnants of burnt coffee next door at Starbucks, but they just suck!  They always seem to be out of the bagels we want.  When they actually do have the one I want, like last time, it was burnt on the bottom!  Yuck!  To make things worse, they are really cheap with the cream cheese or any other thing you choose to add to your bagel.  Sometimes, they get really lazy and just put it on the side and make you do all the work!  I really really really hate this location and we only go here as a last resort.  FAIL!
2	I stop by this location every now and then on my way to work on weekends. That pretty much means I'm too lazy to cook a good breakfast, but want something more than cereal. I've never had the major issues other people are yelping about. Perhaps things have improved since then. I find that If you stick to a bagel and cream cheese, all is well. But (and I find this the case with most Einsteins) if you try to order anything hot, you're about to get what tastes like an over priced frozen microwave meal.
2	I stopped by to grab lunch before I went to visit my hubby in the hospital.  The parking is crazy!  That plaza is jam packed.  Got to the store, the tables are dirty, people are everywhere, and the employee was ready to take my order.  I just stepped in the place and I have not been there in a LONG time.  I ordered the turkey swiss bagel for lunch quickly. The sandwich was ok.  I think I will stick with bagel with cream cheese.
4	Great food and quick service. There is nothing magical about the store itself (located in Safeway strip mall), but you can be confident that the food is fantastic!
2	This location must be under bad management because although the food is always good about 50% of the time they screw up my order and forget something. Like today I ordered a tuna bagel with potato salad. They forgot the potato salad and the TUNA on the damn bagel!
4	wanted 2 dz bagels and a couple smears.  the cashier asked me if i wanted a "pack" that included some extras and i said yes.  i didn't think the price would be $76!  i opted for the 2 dz and smears that came out to $35 instead.  the bagels were tasty and big with a nice mix of flavors.  would return.
3	I'm surprised people hate this location so much. Maybe I just haven't experienced the same problems as everyone else. In fact, I've experienced the opposite: what I order is what I get and the staff is friendly and efficient. I've been especially impressed by the manager on duty on weekday mornings - he seems to keep things moving and pitches in wherever he's needed. I experienced a great example of this attentiveness a few weeks ago when I made a commitment to bring coffee into an 8am meeting but stupidly only left myself 15 minutes to stop and get it. I first went into Starbucks next door and was told it would take at least 15 minutes to get a carafe filled. I quickly ran next door to Einstein's to see if I would have better luck, and to my great relief, the on-duty manager saw that I was in a hurry and told me he'd "get it done." About 6-7 minutes later, after true hustling, he gave me the full carafe and all of the cups, creamers, etc. Anyway, it's possible management has changed since a lot of these reviews because my experiences have really been pretty positive. P.S. Try the asparagus egg breakfast sandwich on the thin wheat bagel. It's a great vegetarian option. Just ask for light sauce.
3	Decent food. I try hard to like bagels more, but maybe i should just give up. Service here is hit or miss.
1	Worst bagels ever period. Safeway makes this place looks silly. Ordered Lox and toasted bagel. Eating part of a wooden chair has more taste than both lox and bagel!
5	I was surprised by the low reviews.  I had a very good meal here recently.  Extremely friendly manager when we visited on 9/1/12 at about noon.
2	This Einstein's has two things going for it.... The Einsteins name and the awesome location in CenPho. Other than that they are majorly lacking!As this location is on my way to work and I on several occasions have needed to stop to get breakfast for the office or just myself, I have been here often. 90% of the time I leave very aggrivated. It seems they have a high rate of turn over with their staff, as I rarely see the same face behind the counter, with the exception of a few. And most of them seem to still be in training mode, since none of them seem to know what they are doing.I have been given the wrong order more than once. Left standing in line waiting to give my order to ANYONE while they all run around back there trying to make sense of the order on their screen.I have waited upwards of 10 minutes for my order.They have zero sense of urgency, when it is very clear that everyone in line are business people and need to get onthe road to work. I really hope that they can get it together soon, this is a very conveinent location and I am sure they can double their business is they were more productive with their time and training their empoyees better. Even if they are busy and behind just a simle smile and "I will be right with you." would go a long way!
5	friendly staff, clean store, excellent ham & cheese bagel melt.  staff was very enthusiastic and welcoming. great job!  visited for the first time yesterday.  i will be back.
1	This place is run by a bunch of incompetent retards. I NEVER get what I order, I always have to have them remake it. They are extremely disorganized. It takes forever to place your order because they are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  I only come here because of the location.
2	I'm a firm believer that cooking an egg should take longer than 30 seconds. Also, it should not be formed in a perfectly round and oddly fluffy disk. And warm cheese that doesn't melt is disturbing. And sausage patties shaped to the exact same size as the egg disk is bizarre as well. Food just doesn't exist perfectly in nature like this! It's wrong!Otherwise, the bagel was alright. Just know that the everything bagel is covered in rye seeds, which is weird. The coke from the soda fountain was the best part of the meal. I was wicked hungover.
1	We came in five mintes to close, which I know sucks for any business. We waited and waited, someone finally appeared from the back. She immediately told us they were closed (which they were by this point) and that she forgot to change the sign and lock the door. Whats great is that they had the pasteries we wanted, and would have paid for. Now they'll be throwing them out since its the end of day. Waste of food and crappy customer service. We're heading to an independent bakery now, hopefully they know how to even basically function.
1	I do not know why I go to this one other than its on my way to work.  Always slow service,  not helpfull and the place is dirty! Today the register was broken so they made you stand in line for the front register then fight back up the line to select my bagels. . Come on people! If you need a manager I'll do it but who ever is doing it now has no skills. 7 people walked out while I was in line.... yikes.. I would have a heart attack if I was the manager... but no acknowledging anyone... bad!
4	Always crowded, and it can get hard to park.
5	Always a safe bet for quick and efficient service, and who doesn't like Einstein's bagels!!!  This is location is always busy, but it is clean an the bagels are solid.
5	I love this einsteins!! It's somewhat busy but Mishelle does a great job of making sure everyone gets what they want in a timely manner! The asiago bagels are heavenly and their coffee is pretty good too, comparable with Starbucks. They don't have free wifi which is the only downer.
5	I love this location of Einstein's!! The manager Mishelle is awesome and always remembers my name. The bagels are fresh and good. The coffee is a bit pricey for what it is but there is a Starbucks next door. They don't have wifi but like I said there is a Starbucks next door. The parking is ample because of the Safeway parking lot and I've never had to wait long at this location. Great for breakfast on the weekend.My favorite is  the turkey sausage sandwich on asiago.
2	I had a hankerin for a bagel and this location is on my way home from my early morning drive to mesa and back, so I stopped one morning and kept returning. After an unfortunate incident last month though, I won't be coming back to this location.My first couple experiences were fine. Not amazing but I got my order quick enough (sometimes correct, sometimes not) and the location was easy to get in and out. My last visit was just bizarre.I placed my order with the cashier since there were only a couple customers in line and no one was working the order station on the opposite end. One of the employees was fiddling with the screen that shows the orders because it wasn't working correctly. I paid for my sandwich and waited...and waited...and waited...Another patron and I made small talk while watching the one sandwich maker fiddle with the screen some more. The assistant manager was cleaning the coffee equipment. Another employee came out to work the order station and gather bagels for customers who ordered boxes. One guy came from the back to fill the ice machine. Another employee proceeded to eat his food while clocking out for break. The cashier continued to stand around. The other patron and I continued to make small talk.Silly me to think that the girl messing with the equipment will realize that people are waiting for food...I should have spoke up sooner. 13 minutes go by until I say something. "Sorry, we're having issues with the order screen". No shit - how about you start hand writing orders or communicating with the person taking them? Thank you for exhibiting zero problem solving skills.Oh, and the assistant manager? Still cleaning the coffee equipment. No leadership whatsoever.I can put up with incorrect orders, or waiting when it's busy, but I can't put up with lackluster customer service. I'll go out of my way to the 16th st and Camelback location when I have another bagel craving.
4	I love this location! Sometimes there can be a line but the tend to be pretty fast. My boss always gets the iced americano here which she gets everywhere in az and she says this is in her top 5. I love the bagels here so good!!
1	You should go anywhere else to get a bagel - don't waste your time stopping at this location. I've been here 3 times in the last 2 months after moving to the neighborhood, and this location of Einstein Bagels keeps getting worse. Odds are they won't have the bagels you want when you walk in, or if they do they'll "run out" before your order is completed.Einstein, how do you run out of bagels? YOU HAVE ONE JOB! If you're out of a specific type of bagel by mid-morning today (and last weekend, and the one before, etc.), why not go ahead and close for the day when you start running out instead of disappointing all of us? We'll know you are out because the door is locked and won't waste our time waiting in line for you to fail again. Also, I'm pretty sure your bagels aren't handcrafted by some old-world artisan in the back of the store - you're effectively a fast-food restaurant even if this location doesn't have a drive-thru, so why do you not order/make more bagels for next time if you run out on a consistent basis? People go out for breakfast on the weekends and might sleep late before they go out, so why are you out of anything before noon on a Saturday or Sunday?A few weeks ago I stopped in for a sick friend who had requested either an asiago cheese bagel or an everything bagel...the customer in front of me ordered the last asiago cheese bagel in the bin, and they were out of everything bagels. I walked out and bought our breakfast elsewhere. It was a Saturday morning at 10:15 am, so I'm sure we weren't the last people not to get what we came to Einstein for that day.The visit today looked more promising because I saw 2 asiago cheese bagels in the bin when I got in line. They were out of pretzel bagels and down to 1 apple cinnamon bagel, 1 potato bagel, and 2 Spinach Florentine bagels, so other people would soon be disappointed and have to get something else...but not me, not today! Both asiago cheese bagels were still there 5 minutes later when I made it through the long line and ordered, and the woman taking orders seemed to remember me from my last failed visit and thanked me for coming back. I went to the other end, paid, and waited for about 5 more minutes before someone behind the counter flagged me down to tell me they were now out of asiago cheese bagels and what would my second choice be? I asked for the manager's name and number, and the girl at the checkout counter cheerfully pointed and said "she's right there." I asked for the owner's name and number instead, thinking that the manager either must be in on the supply problem or just too incompetent to notice it, and the counter girl kinda shrugged and gave me a blank look. The counter girl refunded my money and hollered to the woman taking orders at the other end to "start watching her bagels," so I was only out the 10 minutes wasted and the same disappointment from my last visit. It was 9:45 am - so much for coming in earlier. It was strange though...no one from Einstein seemed to think that it was unusual to ask a customer for their second choice, so maybe everyone else who comes here just has lowered expectations and goes along with it?  :(I had previously considered going to the next closest Einstein location for asiago cheese bagels, even though it would be several miles away. After today, I realized that we all deserve a more sustainable bagel solution with better customer service. When I find it, I'll let you know...in the meantime, you're better off going to Safeway next door for your bagels.
1	There is something wrong with the customer service at this location, before my order was being taken the mother and her child ordering wanted a specialty item which Rose (cashier) was not sure if the item was still continued. Instead of politely excusing herself to ask management if the item was still on the menu she asked the manager who was stalking the drinks if the item can still be made. Rose continued to talk as if there were no customers around her " well one manager says this and one says that and i don't even know if we can make the BBQ that they want"  As I was placing my order I asked if there were any bananas and her face looked as if I was asking way to much for her to look for them. I simply changed my order and went up to pay for at the front. It just so happened as I was walking up that a new manager had brought bananas and I politely asked if I could quickly change my order back to what I had wanted in the beginning. Now this is where it starts rolling down hill.. Rose starts helping the line and she is taking the customers payment.. Not only did she seem unsatisfied from taking our orders and having a poor attitude and kicking things around on the floor  in the kitchen, but she even COMPLAINED to her customer how ANNOYED She was with "certain" customers and work stresses.  I was right next to her as she said this. As soon as that customer left her face changed and asked  me what was wrong with my bagel. With a simple response I just wanted my original breakfast. I was not satisfied with my meal at all I was charged an extra bagel and the team just looked disoriented. My advice, don't go to work with a bad attitude because your bad energy will ruin customers meals
2	Cinnamon toast egg samich is good, but not sure about the sprinkled cinnamon and sugar on egg and American cheese. Coffee is great, I love this place they always get you in and out with out any problems
1	Don't go there in the afternoon. Apparently they stop brewing coffee hours before I got there because half of them were out and the other half cold. The sandwich may have been cooked that morning as well. So disappointed at this location.
1	NEVER HAVE ANY BAGELS... Wtf else are you good for einsteins? It is Saturday at 10AM you should NOT be out of all the good bagels. LIKE ALWAYS. Get it together.
