5	I discover the FATBURGER while doing business in Sin City! Yuck, that city full of sin for sure!! But FATBURGER was so so tasty treat to me for lunch.  Turkey Burger and fry from FATBURGER (oh I love saying the name... make me so silly saying that!)  French fry is my second love food *faint* yes, french fry and the hot Calamaris are favorite! The worker there moves very very fast... down to a science in the operation.  People come from near and far to visit the FATBURGER and the line can be long! But do not be discouraged... STAY IN LINE! you will be served quickly!!!  Boodah has no idea what they put on the FATBURGER but it make me feel like little baby.  Simple, 50's style decor that remind you of diner experience.  Lots of soul music figure on wall and playing on jukebox.  Marvin Gay? on when I went first time, enjoy very much.  I tell you... the Turkey FATBURGER like eating narcotic burger... you cannot get enough!  As you can see, there is plenty of auto-love for the FATBURGER!
4	The Fatburger is one of the best burgers in town, and the best fries ever! They also have super quick service so you have your food in no time. You can't go wrong with a Fat deal! It's a heart attac waiting to happen, but oh so good!
4	I pulled into FatBurger this evening and was confronted by a totally new menu. They've changed the names on all their burgers!The good ole fatburger is gone- now call it a "medium". The Kingburger (my fave) is now the "large". They're using a t-shirt size theme- like S,M,L,XXL,XXL. Why in hell would they do this?OK, so anyway, I'm at the sign under pressure to order- I figure the "XXL" is what I want figuring that was the old KingBurger. Wrong! Instead of the half pound King, I got a 1lb double burger. Well, it was good- usual FatBurger taste just way too much. The meat to toppings/bun ratio was off as I usually get the 1/2 lb single patty (KingBurger)Who the hell is the middle management doofus who green lighted this name change crap? Why F with a classic formula?Oh well, Fat fries are still there and the taste hasn't changed- luckily.
4	Burger joints are a dime a dozen in a town like Las Vegas. You have places like In n Out on the top of the quick service burger food chain and then places like....Umm..... (insert not so favorite/Yelp one star burger place here)And then, you have a place like FATBURGER. Yes, it's a chain burger joint that serves up burgers both big and small.... or more of Small-XXL but what sets them apart from other chains is..... their list of toppings! Specifically, a fried egg. HOW AWESOME IS THAT? FRIED EGG PLUS A LITTLE BACON ON TOP OF THAT GROUND BEEF AND YOU KNOW WHAT? BRUNCH BETWEEN TWO BUNS, THAT'S WHAT!Ok.... Maybe I am a little odd getting excited over adding a cholesterol laden fried egg on my burger that already has cheese and bacon but... what can I say? I love me some brunch in a bun! LOL
4	Good burger interesting menu set-up so you can build-you-own.
2	I was NOT impressed! Give me In N Out over this any day! Thank goodness I was dressed in costume and received 15% off my order. (Their doorway advertisement for Halloween week/weekend). My burger didn't look burnt but it sure tasted burnt. The amount of cheese was poor (1 slice) for $.99, and was pretty tasteless. The pickle/ relish combo I found to be rather ICK! and the fries tasted just like Burger Kings. I wanted Onion Rings, but they didn't have any. I am aware you can build it the way you wish, however being my first time there (and probably my last, I was that unimpressed) I felt I should try the sandwich as it should be. Sierra, the one employee, was the best thing in that whole place! She was GREAT! She brought our food and asked if we needed anything, we asked for Ketchup, which instead of just telling us where it was since it's a serve yourself, she went over and got it for us. She didn't need to do that. She went above and beyond her job just to make our experience more enjoyable. She had a smile on her face the whole time, which was nice compared to the rest of the employees. Give that girl a raise and promotion! Oh, and besides the 10 minute wait in line, because the employees (including the manager on duty) lack of knowledge of the 15% off deal; they clearly have advertised on a sign as you enter Fatburger was ridiculous! First they argued with us about the 15% off, until the employee asked the manager, who then gave us the stink eye, until she waddled her butt to the doorway. Then without any word walked to the back where the line continued to grow as we waited, and waited. She returned and completed the orders after calling her manager asking how to input the discount (probably waking the manager up, but good for them if they don't train their employees properly).I will not be going back to this Fatburger that's for sure, and will probably not eat at another again. Was highly dissatisfied. No comparison with In N Out.
4	If you want to pay a buck for a cheeseburger that is ready before you finish paying, there is probably a McDonald's somewhere nearby that you can go to. If you want a quality burger and can handle a 10 minute wait, Fatburger may be right up your alley. I was in the area to do some shopping, and I had told my honey I'd bring some food home for him, so I decided to go through the drive-thru at this Fatburger location... I ordered a large for him without cheese, small for me with cheese, both without onion. And two orders of those fabulous salt-free steak fries. The fries are really what sets Fatburger apart for me... Always cooked perfect and no sodium overload. I sat in my car for almost 10 minutes while I waited for my order but honestly, if they had handed it to me any faster I would have wondered if it had been sitting under a heat lamp... And if you really can't handle the wait, you can call/fax your order in or place an online order...
1	It may sound odd to you...but Rex has had many disappointments in life. Losing ones I loved. Being rejected by Starr Jones. Falling in love with a woman with no vagina. Being forced to give up my Faberge egg collection. Having 3 livers give out on me.  Losing my Elite status on Yelp. These were traumatic. Some I have never recovered from...but I am strong. I am fierce. I am not one who needs to live in the past...I move forward. Onward and mostly downward...damn law against buying organs. Oh well.I have had another bitter disappointment.  Fatburger. I want to say that my love of burgers is almost as strong as my love for the three things that mean the most to me...Emma Stone's panties I bought on Ebay, my Real Doll (minus head), and the picture of me mugging James Lipton in Central Park. So when I heard the Beastie Boys sing about Fatburger, when I heard my friends talk about FatBurger I got excited. As excited as when my Mongolian nursemaid used to change me when I was a freshman in high school.  Well, this is not a story of long lost love. This is not a story of a guilty pleasure. This is the story of tears, screaming, two ambulances and 11 cop cars.I will first start by saying that Rex does well in life. He wants for very little. So after I got done my panhandling shift on The Strip I decided to take my limousine...some call it a bus...to a Fatburger far away from that god forsaken place of broken dreams, Chlamydia, and overpriced drinks.  This is not my first Fatburger experience...but three hours of gas fumes, and a trip after 2 weeks in county lockup is not a good way to prepare for an eating experience.  The first thing that happens to Fatburger is sticker shock...it is so damn expensive I honestly couldn't believe my eyes. I thought that years of sucking on bottles of a watered down bleach/ammonia mixture I call "Blind Happiness" had finally done permanent damage. The prices are outrageous for any "fast food" burger joint.  They charge 50 cents for CHEESE...REGULAR CHEESE!!!  How the hell can anyone justify asking 50 cents for cheese on a 9 dollar burger?  They have some gall. I haven't seen that kind of gall since the time I watched a guy take someone's kidneys while he was sleeping. It was amazing what you can do with two sleeping pills and a hacksaw.Rex can live with high prices...IF...IF things are good. Here is the best part. The burgers suck. They are dry. They are over cooked. The cheese is bland. The toppings are flavorless. They need a special sauce or something to make their burgers worth ten bucks.  Two of us ate burgers, fries and drinks...for 25 bucks!! 25 bucks!! Here is what is the biggest crime...Burger King is better. Mcdonalds is better. Wendy's is better. Forget the really good places like In and Out or Smashburger...oh they are off the charts better. This is just a dry burger on a pedestrian roll with bland toppings.  Fatburger is living off  a name. Here is a name I have...RipOffBurger. This is awful. There is absolutely nothing special about this no matter how hard you try to find something...like Amanda Peet.The shakes are bad and overpriced, the onion rings taste like they have been frozen previously, the fries were soggy and not crispy. There wasn't one good thing on the menu, and I say that with no exaggeration. EVEN THE SODA WAS WATERED DOWN TASTING! The mixture of the soda machine is desperately off. To add insult to our already crappy experience.  When I stood on the table, screamed that these robber barons should at least use a gun of they were going to rip us off...I was the one that the cops led out in handcuffs and leg shackles.  It is truly a world gone mad.  I think it was when I jumped over the counter and shoved their flavorless meat patties in the cooks mouth and screamed "now you know how your mom feels when I go to your house."  The truth hurts too badly I guess.Rex fights for you even though he hates you.
5	im a FAN. seriously. i love me some double doubles animal style... but cmon... the fatburger - king burger - is just as awesome.LEAN beef... everything on it (except lettuce for me) and add cheese... i love it. i usually order my in n outs without sauce, ketchup and mustard only... so this KING burger is pretty much perfect.BOCA or TURKEY burger for my wifey... god bless her sexy self... so if she can eat a burger where i eat a burger... we are both happy...FAT FRIES. done son. smother in salt and ketchup. thats the shizzle. fo sho.
2	Staying at the Sunset Station, which by the way was much better than I had expected it to be.Well Gus had some folks to meet for dinner and I was on my own. Figuring I would get something and take up to the room I walked around a couple of times and decided on Fatburger.The young lady was quite personable with each who approached. She took my order of a burger with whatever it is they put on them and since the sign said the onion rings were the best you know one always believes signs I too had an order with a shake. And I wonder why I am a fat old man. It took very few minutes to get my order and off to the room I go. Well the burger was a mushy mess of no distinct tastes, I truly hated it and the onion rings were bland at best. The shake... ok.It was mentioned that we should stop at a fatburger the other day and this memory popped up and I shuddered, never again...
2	Just had the smallest burger of my life for $7 after waiting over 20 minutes at the drive thru (there were only 3 cars ahead of me).  I didn't realize that the combo sizes actually refer to the size of the burger, not the fries and drink, so I'm guessing it's only worth it if you go for the Large or XL sizes, which range in the $$.  As for me...it's not worth the extra money to go back for a "fat" dry burger.  The "fat" steak fries were good, but tasted like they were of the frozen variety.  Meh from me.
3	A crispy chicken sandwich with cheese is 7.29 and tasted similar to McDonalds'.  It took 30 minutes to get at the drive through.  Not a bad burger by any means but way overpriced for what it is.
2	I was in the area, so I decided to give it another shot.  This time I got the large combo and the patty was bigger and fatter, but still tasted pretty lackluster.What a waste of 12 bucks.
4	Love Fatburger! My bf took me a couple months ago for the first time and I have been back about 4-5 times...usually after late softball games because it's on the way home and the drive in is open 24hrs. I order the turkey burger all the time, with bacon (don't judge), and all the other fixings. The fries are average, nothing to write home about. Wish their cheese on the fries was actually liquid, not shredded cheese halfway melted on top. :( I can do that at home.   The flavor of the turkey is great, its huge, and the roll is always fresh.
1	I don't  EVEN wanna gonna give this place a rating because is sucks A**!!!  This is the second time my wife and i have had a problem with this location. My wife and myself "DO NOT" appreciate being kicked out as soon as receive our food!!! We ordered our food and the person taking our order  told us that they were gonna be closing in 10 minutes. My response was: "great, now we have to eat in our car which we didn't want to do". I don't understand WHY we just had to be kicked out at 10pm when we were clearly in 15 minutes before closing. There was a Mexican family that just received their food right as we had ordered. They were not made to leave. And the friend that came in after 10pm (10:10pm to be exact ) was also Mexican. We found out that the lobby closes at 10 but we were in there 15 minutes before closing. Usually what a business does is locks the doors at the closing time and doesn't let anyone else in!!  I'm my opinion Fat Burger DISCRIMINATES!!!  "Be ware"..............We will take our business to Red Robin from now on!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Just an update to this review:  FATBURGER   "NEVER"  replied to my email I sent to them about our experience!!!   Some customer service huh??????
4	Fat burger does not have the hype of other specialty burger establishments. But if truly an authentic signed burger joint. May I recommend the turkey burger.
4	I live close by, but don't dine here nearly as often as I would like.What I truly love about this place, is their fantastic French Fries, because they are the huge STEAK FRIES that you never find in conventional "fast food" establishments.  That sets them apart from others in the restaurant industry, for sure.Whenever I have a craving for terrific thick and juicy fries, this is where I go, to load up on several orders.The employees are friendly, and make you feel very welcome!
3	This review is simple.Positives: Burgers are very good. Has a lot of flavor. Cooked fresh made to order. Onion rings are very good. Not too much breading like other places. From what I have seen so far, all the Fatburgers that are in the casinos are 24 hours. Fatburger for breakfast? Sure, why not? Milkshakes are genuine. Very smooth and you can taste the ice cream.Negatives: Pricey. Their smallest burger starts at around 5 dollars going up to 10 for an XXL burger. Their biggest, which is the XXXL burger, will have you forking up some serious coin. These prices are just for the burgers. Of couse you can get all these with fries and drink for an additional charge. You can get fat or sknny fries. So you see a combo meal can get pretty expensive especially if you are feeding a family of 4 or more. They also have turkey burgers. I have ordered it twice. The first time it was overcooked so it  was a bit dry and bland. The second time they didnt cook it thoroughly so it was a bit bloody still. Never again will I order the turkey burger. Those times were drive thru so I was too lazy to drive all the way back to complain and have it redone. Service is decent. Of course you gotta wait awhile especially if the place is packed. All their locations have a retro 50's, 60's, 70's rock and soul themes. Some locations even have a jukebox for your listening pleasure. So overall, it's a decent place to go to every so often. I just dont recommend the turkey burger.
4	Dbl turkey add chz no relish and a large lemonade...#checkmate.
3	I heard good things bout Fat Burger before, so we finally tried Fat Burger for the first time.  Food was A-OK.  Nothing special.  Unimpressed at all.  Won't go back.
5	I have nothing but really good things to say about this establishment. Walked in today after leaving Trader Joe's. Ordered me and my cousin the small meal deal with a Cheeseburger with everything including a fried egg and I got skinny fries while my cuzzo got the fat ones. Everything was cooked up fresh and fast and came to our table pronto, piping hot! I grew up in L.A. frequenting the Original Fatburgers. I remember the late night street races from Midnight til O'dark thirty in the morning. This place brought back some really nice memories. Thumbs Up! Only the best get a second visit so I will definitely be back!
2	Ok. so in theory, this should be a good burger.  Similar in style to other freestyle patty establishments and marketing the calories, I figured it would at least have some flavor.  I ordered the smallest 1/3 lb burger.  They have 1/2 lb, 1 lb and a king size burger as well.The product I got caused memories of old sitcom sketches where they squeeze the patty in their armpits.  (PLEASE NOTE, THE RESTAURANT AND EMPLOYEES APPEARED VERY CLEAN AND I AM NOT IMPLYING ANY HEALTH HAZARDS)Simply put, the oddly shaped, grey patty was unappetizing. Inside, not a shred of pink was to be found.The 1 lb burger was simply 2 patties so looked just as unappetizing.They upcharge you on everything so the three of us paid nearly $40.00 for two adult burger combos and a kids meal.The buns were boring and soggy.The burger tasted ok but lacked any special flavor.  In fact, the tomatoes, pickles, onions, mustard and other toppings completely drowned out any possible flavor from the meat instead of enhancing it.The fat fries were very good and you salt them yourself so that saved it from a 1 star review.
4	Right across the street from work, so when I'm in need of some juicy meat, I go here. I think it's a little pricey but if you want a burger and not go to a sit down restaurant, this will do. The few times I've gone the food has been tasty and fresh. Yes, I will go back!
4	We thought the store was closed not really well lit but saw the open sign. Burgers were fantastic onion rings excellent. A little but of time to get food but worth the wait. Ordered both without cheese both came with cheese due to long travel day we ate them.  Good burgers!
1	I've tried giving this place a few chances but they screw up orders everytime never  have got my order right since the first time I went I actually used to like fat burger
3	Been here a couple times and I enjoyed it. It is not the best burger I have ever had but it was good. Loved their onion rings. The meat is good quality and the service is always pretty quick.
2	The only fatburger I will never go to again. They tried to charge me twice. The bill was $32 for 3 burgers (one was a babyfat burger...smallest Ive ever seen) and 2 orders of chili cheese fries.
3	* Go to IN & OUT BURGER *Nothing said WOW to me. Tasty but the roll broke apart like cheap wonderbread and a little overpriced. I won't be back, sorry Mr Fatburger
3	Fatburger is pretty decent. Way too spendy for a fast food burger if ur looking to get all the things u want on a burger. I would go to in and out, smashburger or even the local casinos before hitting up fatburger to be honest. The burgers are pretty big though so I'll give them that!
5	24-Hours, Drive-Thru action... And d@yum good BLT w/Egg breakfast sandwiches :-D. My weekly weekend treat!
3	I've been to plenty of fatburgers always hits the spot. I had to review them at 3 stars on this trip due to tables being dirty, foul smell, and ladies bathroom overflowing while there are less than a handful of customers. Food was however up to par with the rest of locations. I would drive through next time.
1	If I could give it negative ten I would this location needs to close it's dirty people are rude and every one of the 6 burgers we ordered were wrong
1	Sign says open 24/7, not true!! Went there at 2:30 am and it was closed!! We were pretty annoyed at this.
2	Had high hopes for this place... First time I visited it was not so great, so I decided to give it a second chance. However, I ended up waiting for my order for 30 minutes in the drive thru, when I finally got home, my order was wrong and they forgot to add the extra mushrooms that I requested and PAID for! Ugh, get it together Fat Burger!
1	It took almost an hour for them to make 2 burgers. Worst service I've had in a long time!
1	This place is disgusting.  Horrible customer service and they are lucky I didnt go to higher people and complain. The manager was really rude and treated me like shit. She was mad when I asked for a new burger throwing my burger in th a trash and telling me I was a problem. Because it was morning and know one else was there she got away with it her terrible attitude. Dont go to this fatburger!
